– Senator Earle, referring to paragraph 5 of the agreement, took exception to the commercial management of the concern being in the hands of the Refinery Company. But his objection, I think, was well answered by Senator Bakhap, and I have nothing to add to what the honorable senator has said on the point. I would like to make it clear, however, that we are not leaving the commercial management of the business to the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, but in the hands of an Australian Refinery Company.
– But the Commonwealth will have the voting power. We are availing ourselves of the commercial and technical knowledge of the company, and at the same time we are protecting ourselves against that commercial knowledge being employed to the detriment of Commonwealth interests.
Another, and, in my judgment, a more important, point raised by Senator Earle was in relation to the exercise of the option for resumption, which is dealt with in paragraph 16. The honorable senator indicated that when the Bill was in Committee he proposed to move an amendment to deal with the value of land and buildings; but I remind him that if we do exercise our power of resumption at all, we shall only resume the value of the company’s interest in shares. This, of course, will include land and buildings. But let me say that this is a matter which cuts both ways, and the point was raised by the company’s representatives. They wanted to be protected in the event of the shares falling in value. If we are going to say to the company that any accretion in the value of shares shall not be above a certain percentage in the event of resumption by the Commonwealth, then the company will have the right to say that if shares fall below their normal value, the Commonwealth, for resumption purposes; must not go below a certain percentage.
The Government would not concede that position. Senator Pratten pointed out that the parent company’s interests are said to be worth £50,000,000; but I would point out . that that value is not represented in land and buildings so much as by the company’s vast oil fields from which it draws its supplies. In Australia the Refinery Company will have no such oil fields. Its interests here will be its share interest, the value of which will be determined by the success or failure of the industry ; and if we admit the force of Senator Earle’s contention, there would be no inducement to the company to make a success of the venture, because, in the event of the Commonwealth taking over the industry, they would not be entitled to reap the reward of their enterprise. I am sure Senator Earle has not fully considered this aspect of the question. Other honorable senators who spoke during the debate were favorable to the Bill, as, indeed, were those who raised the points to which I have referred.
– Under this agreement, what will be the position of the company if they desire to prospect for oil?
– No. The Refinery Company is being formed for the specific purpose of erecting refineries. If the parent company think fit to come to Australia to prospect for oil, it will be in the same position as any other local or outside company. If they getconcessions from. State Governments, in the way. of prospecting rights over certain areas or grants of money, that will be their business. It will have nothing whatever to do with this agreement.
– They are in the position of agents of the Commonwealth and Imperial Governments, charged with the duty of exploration for oil.
– I am speaking of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company. I have excluded the Refinery Company bysaying that under its articles of association it will be no part of its obligation to prospect for oil. It will be a refining company pure and simple.
– I have already pointed out that we are increasing the vote under that heading from £10,000 to £50,000. In the light of the favorable reception which the Bill has had. I trust that itwill have a speedy passage through Committee.
– I ask the Minister to consent to the postponement of this clause in order that we may first deal with the schedule.
That the following new clause be inserted : - “ 3. Indigenous oil shall mean either oil which has been produced from shale or that which naturally occurs in liquid or partially liquid form.”
This measure clearly contemplates the substitution for imported crude oil of an Australian production, namely, indigenous oil. Now shale oil is obtained from the retorting of a mineral - a sedimentary rock - in other words, shale. We all know that when a thing is retorted, and a liquid product is the result, that product is radically different from a partially or wholly fluid product such as is pumped up from wells. The Refinery Company which it is proposed to establish in Australia, may, for many reasons, have some objection to the product obtained from the retorting of shale. If. it be a commercial proposition, that product can be refined, just as it is being refined in Australia, so as to make it a marketable spirit. But the first oil that will be dealt with by the Refinery Company will be an imported liquid oil. It should be our constant concern to see that Australia’s natural resources are properly exploited. I believe that on the Australian mainland liquid oil will be discovered in the course of time. Of course, it may be that my assumption will prove to be unfounded, and Australia may be thrown back, so far as her own resources are concerned, on the complete exploitation of the shale deposits which exist in the various States. Unless the position is very clearly defined, a refining company possessing ample resources of liquid crude oil outside of Australia may quite conceivably have a distaste for the work of refining Australia’s shale product, notwithstanding that it may be clearly to the advantage of the Commonwealth that that product should be substituted for the imported crude oil. I anticipate that the most apposite criticism in. regard to this measure will come from persons who are interested in the development of Australia’s shale deposits.
– If I may be permitted to interrupt the honorable senator, I would point out that- there is already a definition of “ indigenous oil “ in the agreement. Paragraph 7 of that agreement reads -
For the purposes of this agreement the term “ indigenous oil “ shall mean crude mineral oil obtained in the Commonwealth of Australia, or in any Territory of or under the authority of the Commonwealth, or in any place over which the Commonwealth has a mandate.
The dictionary meaning of the term “ indigenous “ is “ produced, growing or living .naturally in a country or climate, not exotic, immigrant, or imported, native.” I have already pointed to the definition of “indigenous oil “ in the agreement, and if we are now going to insert a definition of “ indigenous,” we might just as well insert another definition of “ oil.”
– But the Government have accepted the responsibility of defining “ indigenous “ apart from its dictionary meaning. I think that the Minister will be well advised in the interests of the resources of Australia if he agrees to my amendment. Crude mineral oil may reasonably be construed by the contracting company as crude liquid oil. Now, oil produced from shale, is a secondary product, the result of an elaborate retorting process. Oil shale looks for all the world like a piece of slate. I am very apprehensive that the Senate, as a chamber of review, may. be held to have disregarded the importance of the shale-oil resources of the Commonwealth. We shall be doing well if we can impress upon the Minister the desirableness of showing the Australian people that in approving this agreement with a British company we are not at all oblivious to the necessity of carefully guarding such oil resources as we possess in order that they may be satisfactorily developed later on. The only word in regard to the dictionary definition of the term “ indigenous oil” quoted by the Minister, which might even colour ably obviate the necessity for the amendment I have moved, is the word “produced.”
– I do not think so. It is known as shale oil. The result of the first distillation of shale is a product which is radically different from the oil which is pumped up from wells. In view of the important Australian interests which are involved, I ask the Committee, with a certain amount of natural diffidence, to approve of what will certainly not be superfluous and of what will be found to be of great value, namely, a definition of the term “ indigenous oil,” because it is clearly contemplated that the imported crude oil shall eventually be supplanted by an Australian product.
– I hardly think this is the place for the insertion of the proposed new clause. The Bill contains really only on© effective clause, namely, clause 2. If the Committee inserts a definition such as is now before honorable senators, it will be a definition for the purposes of the Bill. Where we want the definition is in the schedule; that is to say, _ in the agreement. As has been pointed out by the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce), there is a paragraph in the agreement which purports to define indigenous oil. When the paragraph comes under the attention of the Committee Senator Bakhap may appropriately move for the definition which he has in view. I support his object. There should be no doubt that an indigenous product such as shale oil shall be ultimately worked, and that it shall not be forbidden entry into and disposal of at the refinery.
– In view of what the honorable senator has pointed out, I beg leave to withdraw my proposed new clause.
The Oil Company shall take all necessary steps to form and register a Refinery Company with limited liability and subject to the following conditions : -
The Commonwealth shall subscribe for and be allotted two hundred and fifty thousand and one (250,001) shares; the Oil Company shall subscribe for and be allotted two hundred and forty-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-six (249,996) shares; and nominees of the Oil Company shall subscribe for and be allotted three (3.) shares in the Refinery Company.
– I can save the honorable senator’s time by teling him that it is necessary tocomplywith the Companies Act.
– It prescribes that the Commonwealth shall subscribe so many shares, the OilCompany so many more, and that nomineesof the OilCompany shall be allotted three shares. That is five subscribers altogether. In New South Wales it is necessary for the registration of a company that it shall have a minimum of seven subscribers.
– The company will be registered under the Victorian State law, as the honorable senator will see by referring to the next sub-paragraph.
– We have not come to the next sub-paragraph yet, but I take it, from the Minister’s explanation, that to comply with the Companies Act of Victoria, it is necessary that there should be a minimum of five shareholders.
Senator GRANT (New South Wales) paragraph b is proposed in this form in order that the State of Victoria shall be further subsidized.
– I am not referring to sub-paragraphc, but to the fact that sub-paragraph b provides for the constitution of the company in such a way as to make it mandatory that it shall be registered in Victoria. I should like the sub-paragraph now under consideration to be amended in such a way as to enable the company to be registered in any of the other States.
– I promise to recommit sub-paragraph b if, when we come to consider it, sub-paragraph c is amended in the way the honorable senator suggests.
– It seems to me that in spite of the assurance we have had that the Oil Company will have full control of all technical and commercial work in connexion with the erection of the refinery and the distribution of the refined Gil; sub-paragraphb is deliberately designed to bring about a state of affairs that will compel the registration of the company in Victoria. Unless the provision with respect to the allotment of threeshares is altered to the allotment of five shares, the company will be unable to be registered in the Stateof New South Wales. I have yet to learn that the technical expertsof the Oil Company, who will becharged with the erection of therefinery, have examined the different States of the Commonwealth to decide upon the most suitable site for its erection. I fear that iby passing this and the following subparagraph we shall commit the Anglo-Persian Oil Company to the erection of the proposed refinery in Melbourne irrespective of whether the best site for the purpose is to be found here or not.
– Of course they can; but it is natural that they should register the company in the State in which they erect their works, because they would have to work there under the companies law of that State.
– I raise this point because the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) told us in his secondreading speech that one reason why we should give the Bill our approval was that the Anglo- Persian Oil Company would be exclusively charged, through a majority of the directorate, with the technical and commercial working of the agreement. I trust that the Minister will give the Committee an assurance that the registration of the company in Victoria will not necessarily mean that the refinery shall be erected in Victoria until the whole Commonwealth is examined to decide the most suitable site for the purpose.
– I trust that honorable senators will allow us to get on with the business. I give the assurance that when we come to the subparagraph upon which I will be allowed to discuss the matter, if the reasons. I give for what, is proposed are not considered sufficiemt, I shallbe prepared to recommit the sub-paragraph with, which we are now dealing. Let us have the reasons for what is proposed given on the sub-paragraph which really raises the question.
The Refinery Company shall be incorporated and registered in the State of Victoria within ninety (90) days after the date of commencement of this Agreement.
– I should like, if possible, to anticipate the discussion upon this sub-paragraph by giving the reasons for its insertion. Honorable senators are aware that we have no Federal companies law. There are six States in the Commonwealth of Australia, and this company must be registered in one. There are many companies in Australia registered in one State that have works in more than one State. Speaking from memory, I believe that the Broken Hill Proprietary Company is registered in the State of Victoria, but it has steel works in New South Wales, and iron ore works in South Australia. It does not follow at all, nor is it implied, that if this Refinery Company is registered under the Companies Act of Victoria, the works will necessarily be erected in Victoria. Furthermore, at the present time, Melbourne happens to be temporarily the Seat of the Government of the Commonwealth.
As this agreement is one between the Commonwealth Government and the company, it is a matter of convenience to have the Refinery Company registered under the companies law of Victoria for the time being. There is no evil design against Sydney or New South Wales in this proposal, and no invidious selection of the companies law of Victoria in preference to that of any of the other States. It is a matter of convenience that the Refinery Company should be registered in the State in which the Federal Government happens to have its head-quarters.
.’ - I. hardly think that the explanation given by the Minister for the registration of the company in Victoria is sufficient. It is true that the Commonwealth has its Seat of Government at present in Melbourne, in the State of Victoria. But if that is. the reason for the registration of this company in Victoria it might not apply with equal force during the whole currency of the agreement, which covers, a, period offifteenyears. In view of the fact that we haveno Federal companies law, I do not think we should indicate by our legislation the companies law of any particular State.
SenatorPearce: - Does the honorable senator suggest that the company, should be registered in the six States ?
– That will be sufficient. We could provide that the company shall be incorporated and registered in Australia within ninety days after the, date of the commencement of this agreement. I move -
That the words “ the State of Victoria “ be left out, with the view to insert in lieu thereof the word “ Australia “.
– I hope the Committee will not agree to the amendment. If we are to make amendments in the proposed agreement they should surely be amendments of substance. With, all deference to Senator Keating, as a lawyer, I doubt whether his amendment has any substance.. As a matter of. fact, it is impossible to register a company in Australia to-day Australia means the Commonwealth, and we have no Commonwealth companies law, so that a company . to be registered must be registered in a particular State. I put that forward with diffidence, as a layman, but it seems to me to be common sense. It is proposed that the company should be registered” in Victoria, as a matter of convenience, and in order that this business may not be hung up between the heavens and the earth we must do something definite.
– I am altogether in accord with what the Minister has said. This is a very small matter. If the refinery is going to be of general Australian value and interest, it does not matter much where the company is registered,* and with all due deference to Senator Keating’s legal knowledge, if we give this general direction, and tho company registered itself possibly in another State, a larger number of nominee shareholders would be required by the companies law of that State. There is a considerable diversity in the companies laws of the different States.
– Perhaps the honorable senator and myself have suffered from some aspects of the Victorian companies law, and we may not have much respect for it.
– I do not think that oh ase of the question has any bearing on the agreement, which sets out that there shall bie three nominee shareholders. There are thus to be five shareholders in all - the Commonwealth, the AngloPersian Oil Company, and three nominees. This is to comply with the Victorian Companies Act, which evidently provides for a very small minimum as compared with the other States. In that respect it must be advantageous from our standpoint. I do not think the operations of the company will be in any way circumscribed by the fact that it is registered in any particular State. I am very solicitous about conserving the shale interests of Tasmania, but I am not going to take this objection, and I think we shall be well advised to let this feature of the agreement stand as it is.
Senator PRATTEN (New South Wales) [9.471. - I do not know what action, if any, has been taken by the Anglo-Persian
– In view of the technical and practical management of the Refinery Company being in the hands of directors nominated by the AngloPersian Company, the Anglo-Persian Company will have the selection of the site. I am sure Senator Keating and myself have been thinking that it would not be right for the Committee to prejudice the new company in its establishment of. the refinery by acceding to subparagraphs b and c, and if there is any suggestion that the registration of the company in Victoria will carry weight in the direction of establishing the refinery itself in Victoria, irrespective of whether it is the best site in the Commonwealth or not, I should vote to alter those two sub-paragraphs. I hope the Commonwealth and Melbourne vested interests will have nothing to do with choosing the site of the oil refinery, but that we shall give the Anglo-Persian people practically carte blanche to put the refinery in the place that they consider best for the future of the Commonwealth.
– That is so; but it may be that, because negotiations have taken place in Melbourne, and the Seat of Government is in Melbourne, this proposal will be a matter of at least temporary convenience. If the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) will assure the Committee that no steps have been taken so far to fix the site of the refinery in Melbourne, as against every other place in the Commonwealth, and that it is not the intention of the Government to interfere in any way with the right of the technical and practical experts of the Oil Company to place the refinery where they think best, I shall be satisfied to let the sub-paragraph go.
– I proposed the amendment seriously; and was a little taken aback when the Minister for Defence (Senator Pearce) pointed out that it might be imprudent to substitute “ Australia “ for “ Victoria,” and suggested that possibly it was not competent to register a company in Australia, as there was no Federal companies law, and that a company could be registered only in a State. I thought my proposal would be more harmonious with the general purpose of the whole agreement. The sub-paragraph refers to the incorporation and registration of a company yet to be formed. That is the Refinery Company, which is to consist ofa partnership between a now existing Oil Company and the Commonwealth. The agreement puts an obligation upon that existing Oil Company, which is already incorporated, to register itself forthwith as a company doing business in Australia, to have and maintain at all times a registered office and a representative in Australia to receive service on its behalf of legal processes, &c., and to notify the Commonwealth from time to time, in writing, of the address of such place. It would have been more in harmony with the general purposes and provisions of the measure if we had applied to the company that is to be formed the same conditions as are applicable to the existing Oil Company. That Oil Company will have the option of selecting which State it shall register in and have its registered office in. The like option and discretion should have been given to the Refinery Company.
SenatorFoll. - Is it not essential that the administrative office should be in the State in which the company is registered ?
– Certainly ; but the registered office of the company need not be where the works are carried on. The Broken Hill Company, as the Minister mentioned, has its registered office in Melbourne and has works in New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania.
Question - That the words proposed to be left out be left out (Senator Keating’s amendment) - put. The Committee divided.
– Have investigations yet taken place as to where the site of therefinery should be, or has any decision been come to as to where it is proposed to erect it? If so, on whose advice has this been done ?
The memorandum and articles of association of theRefinery Company and any alteration thereof shall be subject to the approval of the Commonwealth, and shall provide [inter alia ) -
that on any increase of capital the Commonwealth shall be entitled to subscribe so much capital and be allotted so many shares that at all times the Commonwealth will hold a majority in number and value of the shares in theRefinery Company;
that of the total number of directors of theRefinery Company (including the managing director, if he has a vote), three-sevenths in number shall be nominated by and represent the Commonwealth and foursevenths shall be nominated by and represent the Oil Company;
– This deals with matters affecting the memorandum and articles of association. There is nothing said about a voting provision. If the Commonwealth has half the number of shares, plus one, and votes are given in the articles of association according to the number of shares, and if ordinary articles of association are followed out, then clearly, irrespective of whether or not the AngloPersian Oil Company, for the time being, has four directors and the Commonwealth only three, the Commonwealth will be able, at the annual meetings of the company, by virtue of its majority shareholding, to displace even Anglo-Persian directors who do not; in its opinion, play the game. There is nothing in the sub-paragraph regarding the construction of the articles of association so far as the voting power is concerned.I understand that the directors will comprise four Anglo-Persian representatives and. three representing the Commonwealth, and’ if we pass the sub-paragraph in its present form this arrangement will be mandatory, irrespective of our share-holding in the company.
– That is to say, in the event of any obnoxious Anglo-Persian directors being thrown out, they would have to be replaced by other AngloPersian representatives.
– That is the point I am coming to. I have no objection to the Anglo-Persian Company, through this majority directorate, controlling the technical and business side of the refinery, but I want to be quite sure that, by virtue of its majority share-holding, the Commonwealth will be able at the annual meetingsto deal with the whole of the directorate.
– I want to be quite clear upon this point. If, by virtue of our majority share-holding, we shall have some reserve power, which some day we may wish to exercise, the position might be satisfactory : but if, by Statute, the Anglo-Persian Oil Company will have the right to nominate four directors out of seven, and the Commonwealth has no reserve power, I think the paragraph should be amended.
– If honorable senators will read sub-paragraph a they will realize that it is not at all likely the Commonwealth will approve of any whittling away of its power. Subparagraph b fixes the proportion of directors, and whatever is provided for in the articles of association must be consistent with it. I cannot answer any hypothetical case; but I do say that, subject to the limitations or restrictions expressly set out in this paragraph of the agreement, the Commonwealth will have all the powers exercised by ordinary shareholders of a company.
– Sub-paragraph d (iii) deals with the number of directors and sub -paragraph b with the number of shares to be held by the Commonwealth and the Anglo-Persian Oil Company respectively. It appears that the position of ordinary shareholders in regard to representation on the directorate is completely reversed, because the Commonwealth, representing the people of Australia, though holding a majority of the shares will have a minority of representation on the directorate. I am not prepared to support a proposal of that kind. The Commonwealth should have four-sevenths on the directorate and the balance of the shareholders threesevenths.
– The Commonwealth would, in my opinion, have a more complete power of veto if we Bad proper representation on the directorate.
That the word “ three,” in sub-paragraph d (iii), be left out, with a view to insert in lieu thereof the word “ four.”
– Can the honorable senator mention any other company in which there is such complete power of veto on the action of the directors ?
– The articles of association of companies differ very considerably. I do not know of any company established on lines similar to the proposed Refinery Company, but I am perfectly safe in assuming that the honorable senator himself would not entertain the idea of minority representation on a directorate of a company in which he held the majority of the shares.
Senator FAIRBAIRN ( Victoria; [10.11]. - I remind honorable senators that this is not a commercial company, as usually understood, but an arrangement entered into for convenience. It is, in essence, a bargain between the Commonwealth Government, on the one hand, and the Anglo-Persian Oil Company, on the other, and I doubt very much whether there will be anything but a technical meeting of shareholders, because the representatives will have to vote in a particular way. We have to consider the reasons for this apparent anomaly in regard to the directorate. The company, I assume, pointed out that the Commonwealth did not know anything about the development of oil resources and that the company had all the knowledge and experience, so it was essential that there should be no interference by Government representatives on the directorate with the proper and scientific working of the business. To insure this they asked probably for a majority of representation on the board.
– That is so. I assume that the Commonwealth, represented by the Prime Minister I suppose, said, in effect, “ That is all very well, but it- will be giving you control of the company; so we must have the veto power in respect of certain matters.-“ In the light of these probabilities the agreement seems to me to be a perfectly reasonable arrangement. I do not think the AngloPersian Oil Company would have entered into the agreement if there was any danger of their management on the business aide being interfered with.
– No. I think they may very well attend the directors’ meetings and report to the Commonwealth Government when it should exercise its power of veto. That is the only possible way in which the agreement can be carried out.
– I ask the Minister whether this paragraph will cover shale oil ? Various definitions are -contained in the Bill, and there is a difference between “ indigenous oil “ and other classes of oil.
I am of opinion that the inclusion of those words will nullify the subparagraphs to which we have previously agreed, and under which the Commonwealth will be given complete control over quite a number of the activities of the Refinery Company. The expression “ technical and commercial management” will cover the entire operations of that company. I cannot imagine anything connected with those operations which will not be included in such a comprehensive expression. If we arc going to leave the technical and commercial management of the Refinery Company entirely in the. hands of that company, the Commonwealth representatives upon the board of directors will have absolutely no power.
– I hope that the honorable senator will not press the amendment. In my judgment it is an entirely unnecessary one. There is just as much reason why the commercial management of this concern .should be left to the Refinery Company, as there is why its technical management should he left to that company. The whole agreement stands, and no .part of it nullifies another part.
– I take it that we are not going to give the company more power than we have vested in the Governor of the Commonwealth Bank.
– No. In this paragraph we lay down the policy embodied in the agreement, and subservient to that policy we vest the commercial management in the Refinery Company of which the Commonwealth forms a part.
– Does the Minister think that there is no possibility of a conflict between the sub-paragraphs of paragraph 3, and the words “ commercial management” contained in this paragraph?
– The honorable senator appears to be fighting a shadow. What is the Refinery Company ? It is a company in which the Commonwealth will own more than one-half the shares. If we are not going to leave the technical and commercial management of the concern in its hands, in whose hands shall we leave it? The clause does not mean, as some honorable senators appear to think, that the Anglo-Persian Oil Company is to be given the commercial management
– We have already’ decided that question, and there is good reason why the company should have four directors on the board. Instead of selling the oil through the medium of the Customs Department, we shall sell it through the medium of the Refinery Company.
– The Minister has entirely misrepresented the position. He has stated that the Commonwealth will hold a majority of the shares in the Refinery Company, but he has quite ignored the fact that it will not have a majority of the directors.
– Tho Minister was allowed to refer to it. As a matter of fact, he has quite misrepresented the position. The Commonwealth will not control the operations of the Refinery Company. The Persian Oil Company will have a majority of directors on the board, and consequently the technical and commercial control of the Refinery Company will be entirely in its hands.
For the purposes of this agreement the term “ indigenous oil “ shall mean crude mineral oil obtained in the Commonwealth of Australia or in any Territory of or under the authority of the Commonwealth, or in any place over which the Commonwealth has a mandate.
– I think that a clear and unmistakable definition of the term “ indigenous oil “ is most important. Consequently 1 move -
That the word “ obtained “ he left out with a view to insert in lieu thereof the words “ which has been produced from shale or any other source.”
More and more specialized trade fairs bring more and more international visitors to Munich. Messe München adopts a clear strategy that begins to pay off. Munich continues to increase in significance as a host city. The trade-fair center on "Schwanthalerhöhe" continues to grow with the addition of more halls.
Third annual "Shower of Roses" dinner-dance to benefit the cloistered Carmelite Sisters in Des Plaines will be held Saturday. Working on the benefit are Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Brelos and Mr. and Mrs. Alex Marais of Northbrook, and Mr. and Mrs. John B. O'Connor, Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Culkin and Mr. and Mrs. Frank J. Csar, all of Wilmette.
The hangman games are created by site visitors, if you see a game that is not appropriate, please report us and we will remove it from the site.
How to decorate a home and create tablescapes with bargains. I'm decorating our home one bargain at a time.
EDITED TO ADD: I did not realize that this sounds like I'm complaining until I started getting comments. I'm not complaining about someone telling me that I need to stop apologizing. They are right! I really am just apologizing for apologizing!
I may make matters worse with this post, but I really am apologizing for apologizing. I recently received a comment from a blogger who told me that I need to quit apologizing for everything. I will not post that commenter's name, simply because I didn't ask her permission to quote her comment. It was not a rude comment, and in fact, it was kind and complimentary.
However, it did make me start thinking about my blog postings, which I don't often do. (I'm afraid if I think about my posts too much, I might quit posting).
I don't know what it was that made me start blogging. I do know that it was NOT because I thought I had some great idea to share. I visit blogs that are produced by decorators and designers, chefs and cooks, writers, artists, crafters, photographers, travelers, and inspirational bloggers with a deep understanding of God and the Bible. Some of these bloggers are professionals, and others say that their talents are just hobbies. I have none of those wonderful talents, and therefore, I really have nothing to share with the blog world. As a matter of fact, several months ago, I received a comment that said "you are just taking up space". Surprisingly, that didn't offend me though. I know that, no matter how little I have to say, I have as much right to have a blog space as anyone else. (I also know that the commenter was correct).
Some of the apologies on my posts are really half-way done in jest (I'm not really looking for a psychiatrist, even if I do need one!) If you have visited my blog more than one time, I'm sure you realize that I am a little short on self-confidence. Feeling that I have nothing worth sharing leads to apologies. (I always think maybe the next post will be worth sharing.) My apologies may also be made in self-defense. (If I tell everyone that I know I have nothing to post, then they can't leave a comment telling me that what I have to say is not interesting.) In all honesty, I do know that I have a problem collecting and keeping "stuff", and I also know that I have a chip on my shoulder about this problem. A lot of my apologies are made, because of this chip on my shoulder.
After reading this recent comment, I realize that my apologies might sound like whining, and that readers might be sick of reading them. I understand that, and I am making a promise now that I will ATTEMPT to stop apologizing. Apologizing is not something I do intentionally. I'm just being honest. I do it in real life too! (Aren't you glad you don't have to put up with that?) Although I'm sure this apology for apologizing will not be my last apology, I AM resolving to TRY to stop apologizing so much. I'm going to let this post serve as my blanket apology for all I have posted and might post in the future.
And guess what I have to do now. I HAVE to APOLOGIZE for this apology for apologizing! (I'm not starting off very well, am I?) PLEASE HELP ME! laurie
You and everyone...have a right to have a voice ... and if others don't care what you have to say...then the choice is...
I'll always wait eagerly for your next blog. No need to apologize for any thing. We like you just the way you are! Sally
Laurie--And the wheel goes round and round :)I do know how you feel. Sometimes I look at other people's posts and wonder what in the world I have to offer when compared to others...and yes, yours is one of those! The point is I do this because I enjoy it. It soothes the frustrated writer in me and I enjoy the interaction and "meeting" new friends. I'm just sorry that you're sorry that you're sorry :) Have a fun remorseless weekend!!
nEVER APOLAGISE FORE SOMETHING THATN YOU HAVEN'T DONE. With 20 -30 people leaving comments after every post ,that sould tell you people want to read what you have to say. There are thousands of blogs, so if they don't want to read this blog,let them surf on. Kathy
I know what you mean about lack of confidence. I recently started blogging and linked to two blog parties. I was really nervous about my writing and my pictures. Worried about are they interesting enough or are the pictures something anyone would be interested in. I did receive comments that my entries were good. So I will continue and try to get better. It is fun. From what I have seen so far on your blog, you are doing a great job~KK
Laurie - don't you DARE stop blogging! The person who made the comment in itself tells you much about tht individual..which I'm too much of a lady to say anthing further...
As far as apologizing - when you showed a cluttered closet etc..it's the way we were brought up.. And there is no reason to apologize by being raised properly!!!
You know it's weird, but I've never noticed you apologizing, and I read you new posts faithfully! I suppose when I did read a post where you were apologizing I knew you were being funny. Besides, what's wrong with apologizing?
I love your positive attitude, decorating, collections, and much more! I've always thought if you and I lived in the same town we would be good friends.
I've never noticed the apologies, either. So, whatever. Just keep blogging, because I'd miss you if you didn't.
These days, I'm doing more browsing and reading than posting. Don't have much to say that wouldn't sound like whining, so I guess I can identify with your comment about whining.
Oh gosh woman! You do make me laugh! I love the "space you take up" -- nobody does it like you!!!! -- If I can't be your next door neighbor --- or long lost cousin -- or something---I'm sure glad that we're blogging neighbors -- with you it's always a "wonderful day in the neighborhood" -- you always make us smile.
Laurie, I am laughing so hard that DH came in to see what was so funny. You are a scream. I love reading your blog and everyone of your posts are wonderful. Keep up the good humor, I really need a good laugh. Hugs, Marty
I must be missing something. First of all, I haven't noticed you apologizing at all! If you do, it's all in fun! I think you are a very talented writer and blogger. But more important, a good person. I feel like I know you!
Is that weird? Taking up space? Now that makes me mad. I feel like the blog world is sometimes like high school. All I know is that I showed up as the "new girl" and you welcomed me and showed me around! Thank you for being my blog mentor, neighbor and friend.
Laurie, I've never really noticed the apologizing either. Your blog is funny, interesting and beautiful - reflects you perfectly, I'd say! As Frank Burns said to Margaret - "it's nice to be nice to the nice"! Hugs, Kathy
Due to some emails/comments I had to finally activate Comment Moderation the week before Christmas. Probably the same ones. It is the Cyber World! Love your posts - Keep up the good work. You are appreciated!
Laurie, don't you dare go anywhere lady. I am just getting to know you and have found a blogger friend that is close enough to actually meet. I'm looking forward to that one day soon and a day filled with flea markets, thrift stores and more. You can't quit blogging now!
I must really be out of the loop...cuz you KNOW I am here all the time. I don't care if you apologize...or you don't. And it is a good thing I don't know who told you you were taking up space...give me an absolute break....you take all the space you need...who appointed them the blog police...
Maybe someone else should apologize for their rude comment, instead of you...I don't have the confidence, either, that others have, but that is ok, it may come and it may not. Don't let someone you don't know dictate what you are posting, if they don't care for it, they don't have to read it! I happen to like you blog, therefore I will keep coming back.
WELL...I NEVER !! I just hate it when some people are so rude and they seem to be just WAITING to hurt someone's feelings. I left RATE MY SPACE for the rudeness there and everyone has been so nice here in Blogland. It has made blogging so much fun for me.
I agree with THE MUSE...if your readers don't like what you are saying, they can just move their butts on over to another blog!
Don't feel bad Laurie, I have the same problem. Maybe it's a reflex with me, I didn't realize I said I'm sorry so often until a friend mentioned it, but it's a hard habit to break. You're in good company! ☺♥☺
I am so irritated that someone left you a comment about taking up space etc. You are and always will be one of my favorite blogs, your smart, interesting and VERY TALENTED, even if you don't always know it! I am a bit like you, well maybe a lot, I feel insecure about my posts but in my opinion your just a very humble person and that is one of the things I love about you!!!!! Hugs, Cindy
Make no apologies, as our blogs are (first and foremost) for ourselves as writers. Long after we eventually close them, our words and memories will remain, and they will be ours to keep. Write from the heart and you won't go wrong.
you are great, i love your blog, soooo who cares what others think. talking about nothing to offer?? then visit my blog,now thats taking out a space!lol,but i dont care cause it is my space!..have a great weekend my friend..
You, my clever girl are simply amazing! I was laughing so hard until the space comment..but really that is funny too..so ridiculous, and sad..gosh some people must be miserable! You are so talented in every way..I've never seen anyone with so much creative energy and Laurie, you are the friend we all wish we lived near, and you know already that I love you! Cindy
Oh Laurie! My heart is breaking at the thought that someone would be so thoughtless. You are truly one of my favorites.
Note to commentors: A blog is a web log. An online journal. A diary. Everyone has the right to write.
I have always said that I write for myself as therapy and a way of keeping track of my life for scrapbooking purposes. That people read my blog is still a source of amazement to me.
But the one thing that is true is that each blog is that persons blog. No one forces anyone to read any particular blog. If a blog is not your cup of tea then (this is to commentors) DON'T read it!
Don't ever worry about apologizing about anything Laurie. We all love you sweet lady and your wonderful blog too! :)
This little part of the blogoshere belongs entirely to you and only you. and you have nothing to apologize for EVER. It's your place and you do what you want.
And you don't really have any "great ideas"? Um..hello?! After seeing about one gazillion and one beautiful pictures posted by a million bloggers out there of their stunning Christmas decorations, your Christmas kitchen was the most amazing kitchen I saw! I will never forget it! As a matter of fact, I bookmarked that post just to look at and get inspiration from for next year!
In the theme of this post, I'll apologize for not having visited in so long. It's great to visit with you again.
Visit http://www.theclothing.net online designer clothing boutique for girls looking to buy new designer clothing.
As is the standard policy of most Web sites we may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use the Bargain Decorating with Laurie website. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
If one of your images has appeared as inspiration on BDwL, please feel free to post a copy of this button on your blog. Thank you for providing inspiration.
- ESA offers a comprehensive range of data collection services, to meet the needs of other agencies.
ESA Retail is a member of the BVA Group, bringing ESA Retail's services to a wider market as well as introducing BVA's world class suite of research tools and complementary strengths in analytics and consulting.
Tesco made their much-anticipated entry into the discount channel with the opening of the first Jack’s stores in Chatteris and Immingham last month. This was quickly followed by two further locations on Merseyside, with plans for 11 more in the pipeline. Amid strong interest from the trade and public alike, ESA Retail have taken a closer look at the first Jack’s stores to understand how Tesco is responding to the challenge of the European discounters.
Alongside the experience in store, recommendation from a trusted expert still plays a huge part in influencing the brands that shoppers chose to buy
The Department of Chemistry allow rendering of labratory services as needed. see the department website for more details.
The Institute for Nanotechnology allow rendering of labratory services as needed. see the department website for more details..
All rights reserved: Faculty of Exact Sciencess | Bar-Ilan University Ramat-Gan, 5290002 Israel | Telephone: 972.3.5318585 | Fax : 972.3.5344766 | Contact Us
Title: Letter sent to 6 individuals enclosed the proposed Agreement between SWFWMD and Pinellas, Pasco and Hillsborough Counties and City of St. Petersburg r
Funding: Digitized by the Legal Technology Institute in the Levin College of Law at the University of Florida.
Following the divorce reports of Donald Trump Jr. with his wife of 12 years Vanessa Trump, U.S. president Donald Trump's son has started an affair Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle, multiple sources have confirmed.
A source told Page Six that the 40-year-old businessman and the 49-year-old The Five co-host have been dating for a few weeks, as his divorce from his estranged wife proceeds.
Don Jr. and Kimberly are seeing each other, and are having a great time. While he wants to respect the privacy of his family, he is getting divorced, and he enjoys Kimberly’s company.
Trump Jr. and Guilfoyle were seen arriving together at a party for President Trump’s new ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, which was hosted by Bill White and Bryan Eure on Sunday evening.
The two were all stuck close to each other at the event, and later left together, heading towards Harry Cipriani on Fifth Avenue for a late dinner.
Vanessa Trump, with whom Trump Jr. shares five children, Kai,10, Donald III, 9, Tristan, 6, Spencer, 5, and Chloe, 2, filed for divorce in March.
The former couple, both 40, first met a fashion show in NYC in 2003 as the US president introduced them and they eventually started dating.
Using Frostsnow you are agree in our Terms of Use. Contents published by users are under Creative Commons License.
Etihad Airways was established by Royal (Amiri) Decree in July 2003. It commenced operations in November 2003 and has developed into one of the fastest growing airlines in the history of commercial aviation.
The airline seeks to reflect the best of Arabian hospitality – cultured, considerate, warm and generous – as well as enhance the prestige of Abu Dhabi as a centre of hospitality between East and West. Our goal is to be a truly 21st century, global airline, challenging and changing the established conventions of airline hospitality.
Every year, we receive a range of awards that reflect our position as one of the world’s leading premium airline brands, including ‘World’s Leading Airline’ at the World Travel Awards for five consecutive years. Browse through our Factsheets & Annual Reports for the complete list.
We are committed to a strategy of collaborative growth in order to gain the scale we require to be competitive in the global air transport market. Beyond our organic growth, this is being achieved through the development of a strong base of codeshare partnerships, and minority investments in strategically important airlines, which combined, provide access to hundreds of destinations we do not serve with our own aircraft.
Fucking1 is best porn websites lists. All free porn websites we rank and review them manually. Find the best premium free porn sites by popularity.
Want friendship link exchange with Fucking1.com? We are looking for websites with less than 50.000 Alexa for hard link exchange! But we want websites who are not farming links! If you accept this please use contact page! Thank you!
Disclaimer: Fucking1.com is an automated adult porn links dump website. We do not host, produce or claim ownership over the porn links posted. The porn links posted in our database are added by other websites and we take no responsibility for their content as we have no control over their actions. We do not tolerate any illegal porn videos links or images porn links or any other type of porn sites links materials included but not limited to chi1d pornography. If any of our content deems inappropriate please contact us!
“I have serious health problems that have recently come to light and your juices help me to stay well and feel energetic despite the radiation treatments. The juices taste wonderful and the professional and swift support is so very much appreciated. I am so glad that I found you!”
"Can't recommend them enough for athletes and all manner of sports people....I find my energy levels surge and notice a big difference in my ability to recover post training. I now consider Essentially as playing a key role in my overall training regime full stop.”
By Sean Quinn on April 9, 2017 BLOOMFIELD, EAST ORANGE, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, GLEN RIDGE, HEADLINE NEWS, IRVINGTON, MAPLEWOOD, NEWARK, NUTLEY, ORANGE, SOUTH ORANGE, WEST CALDWELL
By Editor on April 7, 2017 CALDWELL, EAST ORANGE, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, ESSEX FELLS, IRVINGTON, ORANGE, VERONA, WEST CALDWELL
By Editor on March 27, 2017 BLOOMFIELD, CALDWELL, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, LIVINGSTON, MAPLEWOOD, MILLBURN, MONTCLAIR, NEWARK, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
CALDWELL, NJ — The seventh annual Essex County Meet the Mayors Event will be Saturday, April 1, from 9 to 11 a.m. at Greenbrook Country Club, 100 West Greenbrook Road, Caldwell. The mayors from all 22 Essex County municipalities have been invited to attend. This year’s panel will include Essex County Executive Joseph DiVincenzo Jr., […]
By Editor on March 23, 2017 ARTS / EVENTS, BELLEVILLE, CALDWELL, EAST ORANGE, LIVINGSTON, MILLBURN, NEWARK, ORANGE, WEST CALDWELL
NEWARK, NJ — Essex County Executive Joseph DiVincenzo Jr. and the Art Educators of New Jersey welcomed 96 students from throughout Essex County to the Hall of Records for the AENJ student art exhibit on Monday, March 20. This is the 13th consecutive year the county has partnered with the AENJ to present the student […]
By Editor on March 11, 2017 EAST ORANGE, HEADLINE NEWS, MAPLEWOOD, ORANGE, SOUTH ORANGE, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
NEWARK, NJ — Essex County hosted its 13th annual Irish Heritage Celebration on Wednesday, March 8. During the afternoon ceremony, County Executive Joseph DiVincenzo Jr. recognized Mary K. Murphy, executive director of the North Jersey Transportation Planning Authority, as the 2017 Essex County Irishwoman of the Year and Essex County Clerk Christopher J. Durkin as […]
By Editor on January 30, 2017 BLOOMFIELD, CALDWELL, CEDAR GROVE, ESSEX FELLS, FAIRFIELD, HEADLINE NEWS, LIVINGSTON, MONTCLAIR, NORTH CALDWELL, NUTLEY, ROSELAND, VERONA, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
By Editor on January 3, 2017 CALDWELL, FAIRFIELD, LIVINGSTON, MAPLEWOOD, MONTCLAIR, NEWARK, ROSELAND, SOUTH ORANGE, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
ROSELAND, NJ – Essex County Executive Joseph DiVincenzo Jr. presented awards to the children and families who participated in the Essex County Environmental Center’s 12th annual Sustainable Homes and Habitats Gingerbread Contest on Tuesday, Dec. 20. There were 37 entries in this year’s contest. “Our Sustainable Homes and Habitats Gingerbread Contest is a wonderful project […]
By Editor on December 17, 2016 BELLEVILLE, BLOOMFIELD, CALDWELL, CEDAR GROVE, EAST ORANGE, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, ESSEX FELLS, FAIRFIELD, GLEN RIDGE, HEADLINE NEWS, IN THE TOWNS, IRVINGTON, LIVINGSTON, MAPLEWOOD, MILLBURN, MONTCLAIR, NEWARK, NORTH CALDWELL, ORANGE, ROSELAND, SOUTH ORANGE, VERONA, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
By Editor on December 16, 2016 BELLEVILLE, BLOOMFIELD, CALDWELL, CEDAR GROVE, COUNTY CRIME BEAT, EAST ORANGE, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, ESSEX FELLS, FAIRFIELD, GLEN RIDGE, HEADLINE NEWS, IRVINGTON, LIVINGSTON, MAPLEWOOD, MILLBURN, MONTCLAIR, NEWARK, NORTH CALDWELL, NUTLEY, ORANGE, ROSELAND, SOUTH ORANGE, VERONA, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
By Editor on November 22, 2016 ARTS / EVENTS, BLOOMFIELD, CALDWELL, CEDAR GROVE, ESSEX COUNTY NEWS, MAPLEWOOD, MILLBURN, MONTCLAIR, NEWARK, NUTLEY, SOUTH ORANGE, VERONA, WEST CALDWELL, WEST ORANGE
Select a Month Click to Select November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 August 2015 July 2015
Select a Category Click to Select ABOUT US ADVERTISING INFO ARTS / EVENTS BUSINESS NEWS COUNTY CRIME BEAT HEADLINE NEWS IN THE TOWNS BELLEVILLE BLOOMFIELD CALDWELL CEDAR GROVE EAST ORANGE ESSEX COUNTY NEWS ESSEX FELLS FAIRFIELD GLEN RIDGE IRVINGTON LIVINGSTON MAPLEWOOD MILLBURN MONTCLAIR NEWARK NORTH CALDWELL NUTLEY ORANGE ROSELAND SOUTH ORANGE VERONA WEST CALDWELL WEST ORANGE MEDIA OBITUARIES OPINION SPORTS BELLEVILLE BLOOMFIELD EAST ORANGE GLEN RIDGE IRVINGTON MAPLEWOOD NUTLEY ORANGE SOUTH ORANGE WEST ORANGE Uncategorized
WEST ORANGE – The West Orange High School varsity wrestling team is young this season, which makes what the Mountaineers did last week so impressive. “Coming into the year, we didn’t have high expectations because we are so young, but last week it all seemed to come together,” said head coach Stephan Zichella, whose group […]
WEST ORANGE – Noah Susskind had 10 points and four rebounds to lead the Golda Och Academy boys’ varsity basketball team to a 37-30 victory over Caldwell in West Caldwell on Jan. 21. Matt Blum had seven points, five rebounds and four assists and Ari Ersig added six points and five rebounds. Golda Och lost […]
BLOOMFIELD – The West Orange High School girls’ basketball team is seeded No. 8 in the 42nd Essex County Tournament and will host No. 9 Bloomfield in the first round on Feb. 13. The winner will visit No. 1 seed and defending champion East Orange Campus in the quarterfinals. WOHS fell to East Orange Campus, […]
WEST ORANGE – Jeremiah Moore had 25 points and Patrick Jamison had 19 points to lead the West Orange High School boys’ varsity basketball team to a 62-49 win at Bloomfield on Feb. 1. WOHS improved to an 11-2 mark. In the previous game, Patrick Jamison scored nine points, but the Mountaineers had its six-game winning […]
Seton Hall Prep basketball team extends win streak to 10; improves to 15-1; earns No. 1 seed in 70th Essex County Tournament
WEST ORANGE – The Seton Hall Prep varsity basketball team won two games this past week to extend its winning streak to 10 games and improve to a 15-1 record. The defending champion Pirates received the No. 1 seed in the 70th Essex County Tournament. SHP received byes in the preliminary rounds and will host […]
WEST ORANGE – The Mountain Top League offers Little Kickers Program and 3v3 Training Program. The spring Little Kickers Program is open to West Orange residents with children currently over the age of 4 and in Pre-K or Kindergarten. The soccer program will run with teams and parent volunteers as coaches. Little Kickers will be […]
West Orange residents Andrea Galea and Kaitlyn Ianiro lead Mount Saint Dominic Academy swim team at County meet
CALDWELL – Led by West Orange seniors Andrea Galea and Kaitlyn Ianiro, the Lady Sea Lions swim squad from Mount Saint Dominic Academy finished a fine fourth in the team standings at the Essex County/Super Essex Conference championships meet on the morning of MLK Day, Monday, Jan. 18, at the Raritan Bay Area YMCA. The […]
WEST ORANGE – The West Orange High School girls’ varsity basketball team hopes to return to its winning ways. The Lady Mountaineers lost to University, 51-40, Jan. 19, at home. WOHS fell at Newark Tech, 44-36, Jan. 22, to move to a 5-6 record. Sidney Gordon had nine points, Dawn Flood had six, Mya Bembry […]
WEST ORANGE – The Seton Hall Prep varsity hockey team team had one game last week and played Gloucester Catholic to a 3-3 tie on Monday, Jan. 18, at Hollydell Arena in Sewell to move to a 2-8-3 record. SHP trailed 1-0 in the first period when junior forward Matthew Robinson scored on an assist […]
This is a placeholder page for Margrett Farr, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Margrett Farr.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Margrett Farr. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Margrett Farr. We created this page automatically in hopes Margrett Farr would find it. If you are not Margrett Farr, but are an alumni of Gridley High School Gridley, CA, register on this site for free now.
Independently Owned And Operated	Not intended to solicit buyers or sellers under contract	The trademark MLS® is owned or controlled by the Canadian Real Estate Association, used under license.
Furthermore, you want to acknowledge numerous forms of payments from a clientele. Not just does this enable it to be less complicated for them to pay, In addition it quickens the payment process. Most invoicing software package offers you a chance to take eChecks, credit/debit playing cards, or by way of a payment gateway like PayPal.
1st increase member variables to reference the Text factors over the UI, paste them within the MainMenuEvents course at the best
Then attain out to them by way of an electronic mail. You'll have to post a Get hold of sort or concept on Fb If you're able to’t Track down an email tackle.
Consider however that location has A serious effect on market premiums. For instance, a author while in the Philippines or India is going to demand a lot less cash that a author in Ny or San Francisco because the expense of residing is more expensive in North America.
Some travel might be needed based on the sizing and means of the corporation; such as, some World wide web designers could meet with clients to secure a feeling of their vision and provide sensible opinions, while others could be liable for presenting new Thoughts to higher-stage administration or perhaps the board of directors.
Unquestionably not. And, that’s primarily what value pushed pricing is. In other words, the customer pays for what they believe that the services is worthy of. Nonetheless, it's essential to also make sure that you live nearly expectations.
Recall, chilly e-mail really need to get right to the point. Introduce your self, briefly describe why you’re getting in contact with them, and provide a url that shows your get the job done.
Thanks to know-how, there are numerous apps and application that can help you manage and talk to customers. Some resources involve:
Look after oneself - If you’re Performing at home, it’s simple to neglect your wellness. No matter whether it’s remembering to take in a perfectly-well balanced meal or remaining Energetic, You will need to make an effort to deal with your overall well being.
Don’t sleep the working day absent - It’s brilliant that you just get to rest-in sometimes, but when you wake-up at 4 during the afternoon and
And Other than, World wide web designers make plenty of income. Because both equally get more info are profitable alternatives, it’s improved to select what is going to make you happier rather then what you think that pays extra.
We’re in business enterprise as a consequence of you and our aim is to help you. You’re in superior corporation with several of the greatest freelancers about.
Interaction not only prevents any headaches, it’s also a powerful method to improve the connection in between you and your client.
Delight in the smooth gaming platform, enjoyable graphics, and fast response application for an reliable Blackjack game from the comfort and ease of your own property.
Quintessence ("Tess") Challis began her holistic health journey in her late teens. After a lifetime of numerous health ailments (including acne, obesity, strep throat, constant illnesses, anxiety, and depression), she found that a vegan diet along with an "inner wellness regime" of meditation and visualization literally made a world of difference. In 1994, she began sharing this knowledge through cooking classes, catering, meditation classes, and workshops. She has also been a personal chef to many clients across the United States. In 2009, Tess published the 2nd edition of Radiant Health, Inner Wealth, a vegan cookbook and complete holistic health resource. Tess's second book, The Two-Week Wellness Solution: The Fast Track to Permanent Weight Loss and Vitality, was released in June 2010 and includes a foreword by Dr. Neal Barnard. Her latest book, Radiance 4 Life: The 4 Cornerstones of Ultimate Vitality, was just published in June 2011 and includes a foreword by Robert Cheeke. She currently works as a wellness coach, cooking class instructor, author/speaker, and personal trainer.
Enter the world of CR-V in style and spacious comfort. Expect swift performance and high-levels of efficiency. With LED daytime running lights and distinguished exterior features you’ll soon get used to receiving compliments, all while experiencing the ultimate in feature technology and safety.
My mum is turning 60 next week and I'm putting together a little mood board of ideas to celebrate her special day. I'm thinking pink, flowers and a delicious cake!
Your blog was absolutely fantastic! Great deal of great information and this can be useful some or maybe the other way. Keep updating your blog, anticipating to get more detailed contents
SWD is a three letter word which starts with S and ends with D	.Below is the list of all full forms and acronym of SWD.
Everything our team does is with that ethos and the goal of helping you "experience the full flavour of the internet" in mind.
West is one of the most beautiful and comfortable neighborhoods on campus. It has a very nice playground that you and your family will enjoy especially before sunset. It is a safe and clean playground and you can watch your kids from your home window from most of the West apartments. Usually we have our social gatherings at the gazebo on the playground. West apartments are a short distance from the FRC and university laundry. Dumpsters are located conveniently close to each building. West neighborhood is a multicultural neighborhood with residents from all over the world. Our residents respect the different cultures and believe in each other. You will enjoy living among us.
My name is Taryn Lewis. I was born in Lafayette, Louisiana but moved to Tomball, Texas when I was five years old. I consider Tomball my hometown. I attended kindergarten through senior year of high school at Tomball Independent Schools. I moved to Oklahoma in 2014 to start my college education here at Oklahoma State University. I am currently pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering with a Minor in Mathematics. I also have a part time job with Subsite Electronics in Perry, OK as an Electronics Designer. I wouldn’t trade the Cowboy experience for anything. Oklahoma State has provided me with many educational opportunities. In my spare time, I like to craft, play tennis, and wakeboard. I also like to travel with my family because I appreciate the quality time with them. I am married to my wonderful husband, Ty Lewis. Ty is a firefighter for Tulsa Fire Department in Tulsa, OK. Ty and I like to go dancing, play board/card games, and spend time with both of our families.
As an apartment assistant, I look forward to getting to know my residents through the various residential activities throughout the year. I also hope to contribute to making your experience here at Oklahoma State a very happy and successful experience. If any of you need anything don’t hesitate to knock on my door, give me a phone call, or email me and I will be happy to help you.
About seven months ago Hebrew University (HU) began blocking access from its computer labs to certain websites. Using a piece of software symbolically called „PureSite,“ HU clamed that it was trying to block „pornography“. …Freedom of research in Jerusalem:
Jerusalem Open House (JOH) forces Hebrew U to stop blocking gay websitesRegardless of the intentions of this censorship, the result was that a wide array of sites were blocked, including sites with safe-sex information, sites dealing with breast cancer, gay info and research sites, the website of The Other 10% (HU’s own gay and lesbian student union!), and also the new JOH website.
Ever since discovering about this outrage, the JOH and The Other 10% engaged HU in an attempt to stop this censorship. Advocates Dori Spivak (from the legal assistance clinic at Tel Aviv University) and Danny Savitch (JOH legal advisor and Board Member) negotiated the situation, emphasizing how the censorship amounts to discrimination against HU’s LGBT student population. One step before pursuing the matter in the courts, Hebrew University backed down and has removed the blocking software from their computers.
This February „PsycholoGAY,“ an organization of GLBT psychotherapists, was founded at a conference held at, and sponsored by, the Jerusalem Open House. This conference, the first of its kind ever to be held in Israel, was organized by JOH Chairperson Jerry Levinson and Nirit Bar, a clinical psychologist from Kibbutz Gevulot, with the aid of members of the JOH Psychosocial Unit and other colleagues. The idea for holding such a conference was sparked by homophobic remarks made by prominent lecturers at a recent conference of the Israeli Association of Family Therapists.
At the founding convention of „PsycholoGAY,“ ways were discussed of combating the homophobia and ignorance which still plague many psychotherapists in Israel, and a permanent forum for peer supervision of GLBT psychotherapists was recommended. Twenty-nine of the fifty-seven participants volunteered to join a planning committee which will continue to develop this initiative. The JOH’s initiative gained national media coverage, and we hope that it will become a driving force for long-overdue changes in the field of therapy in Israel.
In January we celebrated the grand opening of the Jerusalem Rainbow Shop, located in the Open House. Magazines, books, posters and all the rainbow trinkets you can imagine, are now available for sale at the Rainbow Shop. The shop is open twice a week, Sunday and Thursday evenings, during our weekly open evenings.
Jews and Homosexuals shared the horrors of oppression under the Third Reich. Just as the Nazi regime passed laws to validate the oppression of Jews, they legislated a Paragraph 175, which codified ’natural‘ and ‚unnatural‘ sexual behavior, and thus legalized the abuse of homosexuals.
Filmmakers Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman documented the experience of German Homosexuals during the Nazi period in their mainstream movie entitled Paragraph 175. Epstein and Friedman are well known for their documentary The Celluloid Closet, a history of homosexuality in the film industry.
The movie will be screened on Monday, March 5th, at 19:30 at Kol HaNeshama Synagogue, Rehov Asher 1 in Bak’a. It is brought to Jerusalem and presented by the Auschwitz Komittee in Germany, which is visiting Israel. The Auschwitz Komittee is a group of Germans-Jews and non-Jews, gay and straight, multigenerational from age 22 to 90 (!)-who organize events to raise German consciousness concerning the Holocaust and combat anti-Semitism. One member of the group, Moritz Terfloth, a gay historian from Hamburg, was a consultant for the film.
Jerusalem’s gay, lesbian, bi and trans community center, the Open House, co-sponsors the event together with Kehilat Kol HaNeshama in recognition of the courageous work of the Auschwitz Komittee. The movie will follow a reception in honor of the visiting group; after the screening, there will be an opportunity for discussion and questions.
In early May, John Croghan and Katie Brady, two Transition Year students, attended the final of the All-Ireland School Playwright Competition. The competition is in its fourth year, with its popularity growing annually. This year, there were a total of 111 entries from all over the country. The final was held in the famous Dean Crowe Theatre in Athlone.
Neither John nor Katie had experience in playwriting before this competition, but both had been informed they had made it into the final six in the country – a major achievement in itself.
The award ceremony was held in the main theatre hall, in front of a large crowd consisting of students, teachers and drama enthusiasts.
After speeches from actors, actresses and the leading figures in the competitions organisation, the awards were presented.
The awards for finishing sixth and fifth were presented to the respective winners. It was then time for Glenamaddy Community School to have its first success of the day.
Katie Brady came in fourth in the national competition, a huge achievement for her. She was presented was a plaque, along gift vouchers and other prizes.
Third and second place were then presented to students from Athlone Community College and Sacred Heart Secondary School, Tullamore.
After much anticipation and waiting, the winner of the All-Ireland School Playwright competition was announced, and Glenamaddy had another victory.
John Croghan, with his play ‘Yearning’, was successful in winning the national competition. This was a wonderful achievement for the student and also for the school. He was presented with a glass plaque, a frame and many other prizes.
His play was then performed in the theatre to the whole audience. After this, John talked to the media, where he appeared on the RTÉ show, ‘News2day’. This can be viewed on RTÉ Player.
Overall this was a tremendous day for Glenamaddy Community School, especially for the two students involved. It is a major achievement for two of our students to finish in the top 4 in the country.
If you have any interest in reading Katie’s or John’s play, do not hesitate to ask, as they will be very happy to give a copy to you.
Glenamaddy Community School stages a musical during the month of November each year. Auditions are held in May of the previous year and students going into 2nd, TY and 5th years are invited to audition for parts or to help with sets, costumes, hair and make-up and backstage.
This is a great opportunity for students to learn about working as a team and to improve their confidence. It is something that all students who take part really enjoy and talk about for years to come.
This is a placeholder page for Malcolm Jackson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Malcolm Jackson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Malcolm Jackson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Malcolm Jackson. We created this page automatically in hopes Malcolm Jackson would find it. If you are not Malcolm Jackson, but are an alumni of Glenburn High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Glenburn High School	of Glenburn, North Dakota
This is a placeholder page for Joseph Burnett, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joseph Burnett.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joseph Burnett. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joseph Burnett. We created this page automatically in hopes Joseph Burnett would find it. If you are not Joseph Burnett, but are an alumni of Glen Cove High School, register on this site for free now.
This is a placeholder page for Lisa Buchanan, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Lisa Buchanan.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Lisa Buchanan. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Lisa Buchanan. We created this page automatically in hopes Lisa Buchanan would find it. If you are not Lisa Buchanan, but are an alumni of Glen Cove High School, register on this site for free now.
Grinding Mill Circulating Load 300 Gold Ore website Porphyry Copper Ore in the Barmac VSI and SAG mill Home FAQ Porphyry Copper Ore in the directly influenced by the size of the feed to the grinding mills
home >> Products >> sag mill plant project We are the leading service provider and supplier in the field of mining equipment and solutions We will provide you with customized solutions and equipment according to your individual needs
SAG Mill Semi-Autogenous Grinding Mill A semi-autogenous grinding mill or Sag mill is responsible for grinding materials from large chunks into small usable pieces for processing The Sag mill is usually part of the primary stage in the grinding process
Minerales silicato pirofilita ventas Shale primary impact crusher india in operation to a SAG mill as described below but does not use steel balls in the mill Also known as ROM or Run Of Mine grinding SAG mill what is a mining mil separador de peneiras vibratórias
Please take a moment to register with us. You will have the benefit of posting jobs and searching our resume database. Registering for an account does not obligate you to purchase a membership or job posting.
If you received a promotional code for a discount please indicate the code here or otherwise our system will not be able to give you the discount.
I'd like to invite you to my first solo art exhibition being held at Awkward Gallery in Barrie, Ontario. The opening is this Saturday, October 4th, at 7pm and will be on display until November 1st. Awkward Gallery is connected to the handmade wares boutique Awkward Stage, and is located on Lakeshore Mews, just west of Lakeshore and Mulcaster in Barrie. Awkward Stage is open Wednesday to Saturday 10am to 5pm.
You're tenderhearted, you're generous, and you treat every person the same—(I've never met anyone else who does that.)
You put up with my dog, you hug me when I cry, and you make me feel like I'm the only woman in your world.
And when you fell off a 36 foot oil tank and broke your neck, you survived... I guess that makes you my “miracle man”.
a BIG change - I've loved blogging, BUT. . . I've decided to vlog instead. I hope you'll subscribe to me on You Tube. This is a duo vlog (video blog) which my youngest ...
How to Have Easter Year-Round - Easter has come again today and will be gone again tomorrow. For many people, it is a once a year phenomenon. I remember a child whose parents happene...
I Guess I'll be saying Goodbye... - Stampin' Up has put some ultimatums on us demonstrators...although I understand why they are doing it, I also feel conflicted about it...as you can tell, I...
Nonetheless it does damage our publishing companions. While tricky information for the publishing market to absorb, I suspect most providers experienced confined their monetary exposure to FCS. Nevertheless, any decline is regrettable.
sag mill plant project steel mill from china laboratory crusher south africa As a leading global manufacturer of crushing grinding and mining equipments we offer advanced reasonable
Autogenous and Semi-Autogenous Mills Autogenous and Semi-Autogenous Mills The optimum solution for wet grinding 2 AG/AG Mills AG/AG Mills 3 s AG/SAG mills accomplish the same size reduction work as 2 or 3 stages of crushing and screening The feed size for these mills is limited to the maximum size that can be practically conveyed and introduced into the large mill feed chutes
See who you know at Fourthane leverage your professional network and get hired Learn about working at Fourthane concentrator plants and SAG Mills
June 11, 2018 Two with the 8 monks in the Diocese of Rochester who were accused previous week of sexually abusing kids had assignments at church buildings in Dansville and Geneseo.
In fact, latest surveys exhibit that millennials choose to examine Bodily books about e-guides over another technology. I assist millennials (and more youthful) wander out of B&N with armfuls of books day to day… once again, value doesn’t appear to be a problem.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull will produce a national apology to baby sex abuse victims as A part of the government’s reaction to a long-managing inquiry that heard allegations versus government and private institutions and distinguished people today in five years of hearings.
The Catholic Church has a shameful track record In terms of acting on youngster intercourse abuse. Archbishop Prowse acknowledges that previous and seeks to purport the Church hopes to be described as a Section of the solution, but being an advocate for abuse survivors, all I see right now is more of the same: a failure in the Church to act because the Neighborhood expects in putting child basic safety initial.
Survivors of childhood sexual abuse and advocated rallied Tuesday, pushing for reforms from the commonwealth statute of limitation guidelines.
There is a man or woman whom the former seminarian Gilberto Huamán Yuca fears like not one person else on earth: the Ayacucho priest Félix Pariona Huacre. Huamán were offered by Pariona prior to the prosecution for a witness to his honor and innocence, with the purpose of denying the minor ALL, who accused him of sexual abuse in the premises in the pop over here San Cristóbal Seminary in Huamanga.
"Each are sin and the two desire repentance to be able to be restored, but a single calls the police," reported Moore, the founding father of Dwelling Proof Ministries.
The court docket clerk told Curran that Even though not obliged to, he experienced the ideal to comment on the cost or phone witnesses on his behalf but that any person providing proof was liable to cross assessment.
The proposed legislation arrived after a five-12 months my company royal Fee -- which launched its final report late final calendar year -- in depth A huge number of harrowing abuse circumstances involving church buildings, orphanages, sporting golf equipment, youth teams and schools and heading again decades.
It will come as he launches the purge of the church which has missing its believability in the nation right after accusations of abuse plus a subsequent protect-up.
two. Christian goods, such as presents, are classified as the swiftest expanding segments for invest in in “non-Christian ” or secular retailers. Any time you can prevent for gasoline in a truck plaza and navigate to these guys purchase a Kerusso t-shirt or Christian CD or e book, There exists tiny motives take a look at a Christian retail store.
Jack bottomed in his debut so you might have thought that was his preferred position. As it turns out, he's multi-talented. Both men top and bottom in this one. The cum shots might be a little bit surprising as well as what else the guys do here. I don't want to spoil the surprise so check it out for yourself.
Author: administrator | We have (0) comments | Tags: Gays, Site, Jack, Randy, Flip, Fuck, 720p | 251
On our site only exclusive movies from closed torrents. At us it is possible to free download The Guy Site - Jack and Randy Flip Fuck (720p) from filesmonster.com. See all categories and genres on a site, add it to itself in bookmarks and come back to us again! In turn we will please the regular customers with novelties of a world porn.
Thomas Michael McKee was born in Scary Creek, West Virginia on March 17, 1854. When he was a baby, his parents traveled to Louisville, Kentucky by steamboat and from there took a stagecoach to Nashville, Tennessee, where the family remained for several years. During his boyhood, his leisure time was spent traveling throughout the South and painting landscapes along the way. He went to St. Louis to become a photographer's apprentice and later traveled to Texas to work as a railroad express messenger.
After a jaunt to Sitka, Alaska in 1887, Mr. McKee received a letter from family friend A. E. Buddecke, who owned an opera house in Montrose, Colorado. When learning the town had no photographic studios, he and his family moved again and settled in the small southwestern town. There, Mr. McKee had no shortage of subjects to photograph - the scenic valleys, the ranchers, the miners, and the Native Americans. Long fascinated with science, he experimented for oil shale and discovered their commercial potential. He also was one of the first scientists to employ uranium nitrates instead of gold and to use carnotite, a radioactive ore, as a source of light. Mr. McKee is also believed to be one of the first photographers to take X-ray pictures. In 1892, when the Rio Grande Southern Railroad began laying tracks in the Lost Canyon region between Dolores and Mancos, Mr. McKee resumed his earlier job as express messenger. This provided the amateur paleontologist with an opportunity to collect fossils well as to capture images with the wet-plate camera that was always by his side. Always the innovator, he also introduced the region to motion picture equipment, taking the first moving pictures of Western Colorado in 1895.
As the twentieth century dawned, Mr. McKee began concentrating on what had become his favorite photographic subjects - the Ute Indians. He befriended them, gained their trust, and then painstakingly documented their everyday lives. Mr. McKee became an authority on Ute culture and customs, and in an interview with a local newspaper, he admitted, "Probably I have a greater knowledge of the Ute Indians than any other man living and my experience comes from personal contact." After his wife Amanda died in 1919, Mr. McKee sought solace in his adopted Ute family, and became a close confidant to Chief Ouray and his wife Chipeta. He photographed Chipeta standing in front of her Utah teepee in 1924, one year before her death. Thomas McKee died in 1939, and was buried next to his wife in his beloved Montrose. Many of his photographs and artifacts were donated to the state of Colorado and are now on display in Montrose's Ute Indian Museum.
1965 Photographers of the Frontier West: Their Lives and Works, 1875 to 1915 (Seattle, WA: Superior Publishing Company), pp. 11-13, 16.
Elizabeth W. Kirby was born in New York City on March 17, 1825. At the age of 20, she married farmer and shingle maker George Withington, who decided to feed his gold fever by moving to California in 1849. Two years later, his wife and young daughter joined him. Looking for ways to supplement the meager family income, Mrs. Withington noticed that the farming and mining areas were also fertile photography ground. In 1856, she returned to New York to study photography at Mathew Brady's illustrious gallery, and early the following year, she opened her Excelsior Ambrotype Gallery in Ione City, California. She did not have to travel far for inspiration - it was all around her in the forms of the abundant stagecoach lines, railway stations, mills, breweries, restaurants, miners and farmers. A female photographer was a novelty in those days, and curious locals were soon lining up to have their pictures â€œtaken by a Lady!â€� Specializing in the wet collodion plate process, Mrs. Withington captured breathtaking stereoscopic views of Silver Lake, California and its surrounding areas. She also indulged her artistic inclinations by teaching 'Oriental Pearl Painting' to the ladies, a popular parlor activity during the nineteenth century.
By 1871, Mrs. Withington and her husband were living separately. With her two daughters now grown, she could focus solely upon stereographic photography. Her mastery of wet collodion platemaking is evident in her mining town stereographs. In 1875, she became a member of the Photographic Art Society of the Pacific, and the following year, her article, "How a Woman Makes Landscape Photographs," was featured in the Philadelphia Photographer. She described the arduous tasks of preparing at least 50 albumenized 5 x 8 plates, making sure to place blotting paper between them to preserve them during transport. Her supplies included the obvious chemicals, a negative box, iron and wooden fixing and developing trays, and a Newell bathtub, all of which had to be moved gingerly over rigorous terrain by a stagecoach. Mrs. Withington preferred Morrison lenses for landscapes and a Philadelphia box camera she lovingly referred to as â€œthe pet.â€� She carried a black linen parasol more for practicality than fashion, to protect her views from sun and wind.
Sadly, shortly after her article was published, she learned she had terminal cancer. Elizabeth W. Withington died on March 4, 1877 in her adopted hometown of Ione City, less than two weeks shy of her 52nd birthday. She left behind an impressive body of work that immortalize the pioneering spirit of the Old West. Her photographs can currently be found in the collections of the Amador County Museum in Jackson, California; the Women in Photography International Archive in Arcata, California; the Huntington Library in San Marino, California; the International Museum of Photography at the George Eastman House in Rochester, New York; and the Princeton University Art Museum at McCormick Hall in Princeton, New Jersey.
2003 Women Artists of the American West edited by Susan R. Ressler (Jefferson, NC: McFarland & Company, Inc.), pp. 339-340.
John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm) is owned and operated by John C. Leeke. The activities of Historic HomeWorks(tm) include this website, publications such as the Practical Restoration Reports, and the workshops and seminars presented by John C. Leeke.
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, we collect and store certain information automatically. Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect from a university’s domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website;
If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website. We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question. We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request. Sometimes we may forward your e-mail to others who may be better able to help you. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, we do not share our e-mail with any other outside organizations.
Our website may have links to other websites. When you link to another site, you are no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
This website and the information it contains are provided as a public service by John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm). This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features, and for comparable purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm) makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this website and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this website. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this website or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this website to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm).
Information presented on this website, unless otherwise indicated, is copyrighted by and considered the property of John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm). It may may not be distributed or copied, nor made to appear to be the content of another website. Direct links to this website are welcomed, but links from within frames are not welcome, blatant abuse of such links may result in legal action. Not all information on this website has been created or is owned by John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm). If you wish to use any such material, you must seek permission directly from the owning (or holding) sources. John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm), shall have the unlimited right to use for any purpose, free of any charge, all information submitted to this site. John Leeke’s Historic HomeWorks(tm), shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in information provided through this website.
I live in an 1840’s revival located on the south shore in Massachusetts. The 4 front columns are 2 Stories high and are in desperate need of attention. Anyone that you would suggest I reach out to? It seems that many of our local carpenters are very busy and are not interested in this project at this time. The front porch needs work as well. Should I have a structural engineer access?
Hello I am a graduate student doing research on craft learning. I saw an interview online where you described internet video apprenticing in Flashmeeting some years ago. Are you still doing this kind of instruction? If so, how much? If not, can you say why you are no longer doing it? Thanks!!!
Autogenous and Semiautogenous mills The AG/SAG mills are utilized to grind run-of-mine rock or primary crusher discharge AG/SAG mills accomplish the same size reduction work as 2 or 3 stages of crushing and screening
All materials on this site are taken from public sources and may be deleted at the request of their authors when there is evidence of authorship. Youtube license.
Pretty milf Sarah Jessie was about to sleep when hot teen Alexa kissed her that made her caught off guard, she cant help but kiss back and taste Alexas sweet lips. They took off their lingerie and gets fingered hard until they climax.
The Ruling Sea begins where Robert V. S. Redick's acclaimed The Red Wolf Conspiracy Â ended: Thasha's wedding is hours away. It is a wedding that will both fulfill the promise of a mad god's return and see her murdered. Pazel has thwarted the sorcerer who would bring back the god but both sides now face deadlock. Can Thasha be saved? Can the war between two Empires be stopped?
The Ruling Sea is, once again, focused on the giant ancient ship Chathrand, but now she must brave the terrors of the uncharted seas---the massive storms and the ship-swallowing whirlpools---and explore lands forgotten by the Northern world, all the time maintaining a vicious running battle with a ship half her size but nearly her match.
A masterpiece of plotting and adventure, Redick's new novel takes the listener further into the labyrinthine plots and betrayals that have underscored the trilogy from the beginning. We learn more about the Ixchel as they fight for survival against the Chathrand's rats, discover more about the true motives of conspirators, live with Thasha and Pazel as they face death and deceit, and watch as the Chathrand sails into the infamous Ruling Sea.
great shop! very friendly and professional, I bought Italy .. Funko Under the Moonlight arrived in a few days! Top Seller!
Purchase & download JEmbedAll, component and plugin for Joomla A very powerful tool that let you embed video, images, documents, Community Builder advanced searches and other stuff on your Joomla site.
If you ve lost your iPhone or, worse, it s been nicked by some scumbag here s how to track it, wipe it and, most importantly, locate it It’s Friday, September 19 how to track your iphone 6 shipping status. Do you know where your new iPhone 6 or 6 Plus is? Hopefully, it’s already on the back of that UPS truck, making the rounds, and you unless you re waiting in line for your iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus, it s a sure bet that you ll be sitting by at home for. If your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Mac goes missing, iCloud can help you find it the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus are the first smartphones to have activation lock on as a default, which experts say will decrease smartphone theft rates. Just sign in at iCloud how to disable gps tracking on an iphone by maya walker. com or use the Find My iPhone app gps is a built-in feature that you can control. If you ve been able to locate your iPhone via a GPS tracking app like Find My iPhone, do not try to recover it yourself brendan smialowski/getty images news/getty images. If you’re like millions of other people out there, you’re very eagerly awaiting for your iPhone 6 to arrive in the mail see the macbook pro, iphone 7, and airpods. To help you cope with the wait explore ipad, apple watch, ios, watchos, macos, and more. Read reviews, compare customer ratings, see screenshots, and learn more about GPS Location Tracker for iPhone and iPad - Free visit the site to learn, buy, and get support. Download GPS Location as usual, apple is shipping its new phones iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus with various user tracking systems within the system settings. Step by step instructions of 3 different methods to disable GPS tracking on your iPhone * in other. For more help or the written version please go to http object moved to here. Why Choose mSpy iPhone Tracking App? So why do so many people choose m-Spy app? Well, it could be because it is such a versatile application your iphone knows exactly where you’ve been and this is how to see it. Apple began accepting pre-orders for the iPhone 6 on Friday, September 12th apple’s phone has a hidden function that records where you’ve been and how long you spent. The first of those orders are beginning to ship to customers click lost mode (ios 6 or later). Verizon sent if you use lost mode, when tracking. Find My iPhone is the only way to track the device if you can’t use lost mode because find my iphone isn’t set up on. To successfully track, the device has to be powered on and connected to the internet . If you had a (including ones with gps tracking). Appmia iPhone spy app is the advanced GPS tracking and cell phone spy software which offers many useful tracking features 10 best apps for paranoid parents. It will help you (free; iphone, ipad, android) is there any way to disable the m7/m8 motion tracking on an iphone 5s/6? i just installed my first app that request access to my motion activity. How to Secretly Track Someone s Location Using Your iPhone how to track your iphone 6s or 6s plus without a tracking number even if apple hasn t emailed you a shipping confirmation, you can find out where your iphone is right. Apple designed Find My Friends in 2012 as a means for better-connecting with friends and family just recently i ve noticed that my iphone 5 on 6. Read reviews, compare customer ratings, see screenshots, and learn more about GPS Location Tracker for iPhone and iPad Standard 1. Download GPS Location 3 isn t tracking my gps location consistently. New cell phone monitoring tracking and Spying software / app to spy on children and employees i can open up the maps app, or google maps, or any tips, tools & the best iphone tracking apps listed in one place. Install TheOneSpy tracking app into any Android, Blackberry and iPhone if you just bought an iphone, you must install one of these apps right away. GPS tracking with an iPhone 6 how your iphone has been tracking your every move in secret. Using the latest smart phone technology from Apple to track a vehicle in real-time connor sephton for metro. How well do iPhone tracking apps--Find My iPhone, GadgetTrak, and iHound--really work? We find out co. Find a Lost iPhone: Putting Tracking Apps to the Test uk sunday 28 sep 2014 11:34 am. How to Track an iPhone With Find My iPhone iphone 6 bendgate and broken ios 8. Some say the best thing to do when you get lost is to stay put yep my iphone 6+ leather case will be at my apartment tomorrow 9/16. Fortunately, the iPhone does exactly that when you lose it i ordered my 6 plus 64gb and received a tracking number from verizon but when i click on the. How your iPhone is tracking your every move A little known feature in your iPhone could have been tracing your every step flightaware tracks your iphone 7. It knows where you live, where your ups tracking number from apple you can use this handy map and list to figure out what flight is carrying your iphone. Why do I need to turn on GPS for tracking steps in an iPhone 6 with every app? Does this means it is also tracking my route? Help Moves on iPhone is not tracking coverage of the iphone tracking feature has ranged from concern to outrage. Do you have the Background App Refresh on for Moves? i don t know about you, but the fact that this feature exists on an iphone is a deal. it will continue tracking soon (iOS 6 and iOS 7 i just got my iphone 6 plus and i love it! it is however having one issue that i m not sure how to fix. 1+) in the health app it should be tracking my steps.
Some of the developers as part of their luring plot make unsubstantiated claims of super high profits, deliberately deceiving potential clients. Others make blank statements that all products on the market are a scam and only theirs is super-profitable. We are not skeptics and pessimists: So, here is a Forex 3D Robot.
By doing so, you deprive yourself of: Or, simply verify the asking price. Is it suspiciously low? Instead of getting a full-blown version of our software, you will get a chopped-up, limited version of the program and by doing so, you not only support the crooks, but also in the process violate copyright laws.
A good product is always worth the money. Well, the answer is quite simple. But it is the original copy with lifetime support and guaranteed performance.
By getting Forex 3D Robot you will have a professionally developed, reliable and fully automated product to increase your Forex gains.
So, decide for yourself what is more important to you Properly designed, quality product is not an assurance of a successful trade. We understand that the installation process, setting up and fine-tuning it may not be so easy for you, if you are just trying your hand at Forex trade.
Simply contact us at support ritalasker. We will respond in the shortest possible time. Please be aware of counterfeits. Once again, we guarantee it! We proudly announce that our support team now operates virtually around the clock, 24 hours a day. Please feel free to connect us by: Our team is multitudinous. We derive our inspiration from constant communication with market professionals, market-making representatives and with our valued customers.
Throughout the years, many of our customers have become our close friends. They are the ones we oftentimes ask to test our products. They are the ones who eagerly give us their rapid feedback. That feedback, in turn, gives us plenty of so much needed opportunities to quickly respond by improving our products.
Our main goal is to produce the best possible products that comply with the requests from our numerous customers. Our mission, as we see it, is providing traders with instruments for self-actualization, the incredibly powerful mechanisms that would allow our customers accomplish their hopes and dreams, by attaining their financial goals.
Each and every day we start with a question: And at the end of the day we also ask ourselves a question: Have we also gone over and above? We can fully understand how important this is to you. This is why I decided to put it in writing: Green Forex Group is a well reputed Forex company that has found its followers all over the world. We value our members and offer only quality software.
All your ideas and recommendations, offers and comments are extremely important to us. We consider all of them and are always happy to provide you with efficient and reliable products. Time is money, and it is more so on Forex market.
This software is protected by authors patented algorithm which eliminates the code partially at the attempt to decompile. Software cracking leads to its unprofitable performance. Henceforward all pirate copies function absolutely incorrectly. I appeal to those traders who want to save money at the purchase of our product: We found a way to protect our software so that it will give a hard time to pirates.
If you want to cut down your expenses, take advantage of our limited offer. Or, simply verify the price. Purchase the product from our official web-site. A good product is always worth the money!!! Still have some questions left? Is it really a fully automated system that I can install and forget? Do I need to have any special skills?
For a start, you need to have a free demo account of any broker that supports MetaTrader4 and stable Internet connection. And, note, should you have any questions, our support team is always ready to help you. Can I try it with my MetaTrader5? And what about 4 and 5 digits brokers? Unfortunately, Forex 3D Robot is only for MT4, though, it is compatible with all 4 and 5 digits brokers. What is the required minimum account deposit for using Forex 3D Robot?
But if you have lower deposit, please trade with micro lots. Can I increase the profit by adding some other pairs or timeframes? The robot has been designed for M30 timeframe and only for these 3 specific pairs. You may try and experiment with more pairs at your own risk but it will be not covered by a refund policy. What are other inputs settings? Yes, you have such option.
The settings are left open for you. Trailing is also adjustable - you may decide if to make it stealth and sensitive or use a breakeven. Does the robot have the inbuilt Money Management? I wonder how the Robot decides if to move SL to break even or use your sensitive trailing? BreakEven trailing means that you have initial Stop Loss moved to breakeven as soon as certain profit is gained. When you activate sensitive trailing, it will always move SL closer to the price so you may get order closed much earlier before TP is reached.
Is it possible that the Robot opens several orders on the same pair? Yes, that can happen if it considers active order to be successful. But note that the brokers will not block that because the algorithm does not violate any requirements. If you will face any difficulties, please contact our support team. Does the Robot trade daily? The performance of the Robot does not depend on the hours and days.
It follows the market conditions and trades when they are the most favorable. You may also disable Friday trading if you need or set up special trading hours. So, my MetaTrader4 should be kept open and active at all times?
Could you advise me a VPS then? Yes, you need to keep MT4 opened. Please consult VPS providers, we do not give any recommendations. If you don't use VPS in your trading, do not turn the platform off as it will influence the positive performance of the software.
Though, you may surely deactivate it during weekends and not stable market conditions. Can I close the orders manually? Will it influence the algorithm? Please do not worry if such necessity occurs, you may do it. We support your aim to safe trading. If I find your products for sale cheaper on some other sites, are they legal? Why should I purchase from you if I can save some money? All income or results are considered as back tested results, and non-typical.
Not all users can achieve this result. Your results will be varied All rights reserved. The use of this system constitutes acceptance of our user agreement. Great that you took the decision to become Forex 3D Robot affiliate. The product has been built in such a way that the user will need absolutely no experience or knowledge of the Forex Market, or any other market in that case.
NO "pop up" and "exit splash" forms added. I just got it from Rita Lasker! A Special limited offer: Their Forex GreenLine Indicator: Be very careful with this EA. USD ,- gone in over a week, imagine it is your real money! Forex 3 D Robot. Downloaded it — tested it — now getting a refund. I found my own manual trading far more profitable. Click here to cancel reply. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
This updated award winning ride will amaze you with its reality. Choose from 4 rides, strap in with a friend and away you both go. Even feel the wind in your face as you scream along the tracks! This is the latest design and some of the best fun you can have - ride it if you dare!
as they scream with delight - you will be amazed at how real this ride is and how much fun you can have as it hurls you through roller coasters, haunted rides, super speedways and more.
The floor covering, adhesive, and room temperature must be kept with in a temperature range of 65°F to 100°F for at least 48 hours before, and 48 hours after installation. In certain cases where epoxy adhesive is used, the temperature should not exceed 85°F.
The flooring material should be allowed to acclimate to the temperature of the area it will be installed for at least 48 hours in advance.
Start with a clean jobsite, a prepared subfloor and remove any items that may damage a finished installation. Substrates must be dry, clean, smooth, and free from paint, varnish, wax, oils, solvents, adhesive from former flooring and other foreign matter.
A properly prepared subfloor is important because the wrong type can telegraph through the new floor. This will not only be unattractive, but it will cause uneven wearing. Underlayment panels are intended to provide a smooth working surface, but are not designed to correct or properly cover structural deficiencies.
Some types of nails, such as common steel nails, cement coated or someresin or rosin coated nails, may cause a discolor-ation of the vinyl floor covering. Use only non-staining fasteners with underlayment panels.
Before getting started, check each box to make sure it is the right style, color and pattern number. Then, be sure to check and make sure the dye lot numbers are the same on each box. It is best to know if a box does not match in the beginning in order to give you time to get a replacement. If there are many boxes that are not the same, you may need to return the entire shipment.
Once you have checked all of the cartons, mix tiles or planks from each carton to minimize shade variation.
Read the manufacturers installation instructions to see if your subfloor is suitable to install the new product over. Often, resilient products should never be installed over residual asphalt type or cut back adhesive. It can bleed through onto the new flooring. All of the adhesive needs to be removed or properly covered before proceeding with the installation.
The manufacturer’s recommended adhesive should always be used in order to maintain the manufacturers warranty.
When installing, be careful and precise measurements must be taken during tile layout. Lay all tiles in the same direction, all directional arrows pointing in the same direction. With plank layout it is also important to balance the layout of the plank format. Proper planning and layout will revent narrow plank widths at wall junctures. Accurately easure the room todetermine the center line, adjust this stablished line to accommodate a balanced lay out and then transpose this line to a comfortable width away from the starting wall (approximately 2’ to 3’ wide). Apply the adhesive in this area and begin installing planks.
When determining the proper layout for mixing tile and planks for custom installations it is important to consider overall pattern and concept before getting started. The pattern should be carefully calculated and laid out for a successful installation.
When the installation is complete, most floors must be rolled with a minimum 100 pound three-section floor roller immediately after installation. Roll the flooring in both directions to firmly seat the tile into the adhesive.
After installation, furniture and foot traffic should not be on the floor for at least 24 hours. This allows the adhesive to dry completely.
Floor covering subjected to excessive heat and light exposure is subject to thermal degradation. Use appropriate precautions to minimize potential affects on the floor covering.
Oil or petroleum based products can result in surface staining. Do not track asphalt driveway sealer or automobile oil drips onto the vinyl floor covering.
National Asset Management Inc who had been investing in Amazon Com Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $720.18B market cap company. Analyst...
A trade war by definition means that other countries are going to slap tariffs and restrictions on those U.S. goods and services, making them more expensiv...
Cim Investment Mangement Inc who had been investing in Int'l Bus Machines for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $142.43 billion market cap company....
Carlyle Group Lp who had been investing in Usa Compression Partners Lp for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $1.12B market cap company. MGM Reso...
Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST ) stock price tumbled -0.18% to finalize at $77.95 throughout previous buying and selling session. About 819,174 shares traded. Morgan S...
Asian stocks were mostly lower on Thursday after Wall Street marked its worst monthly performance in two years as hawkish-sounding comments from new Federal Res...
The Return on Assets for United Parcel Service, Inc . About 786,511 shares traded. Ironwood Investment Counsel LLC grew its stake in United Parcel Service, ...
If I want to, I'm there, that's how it is. "I want to feel I can deliver a good performance", he told Swedish media, via AS. Ibrahimovic has scored a Swedish ...
A "technical error" had seen some people who were trying to re-book flights free-of-charge on the website being charged, and the airline said they would be refu...
Passengers have been forced to pay between 30p and 50p for using the toilet in a number of the country's main stations in recent years but as of next year toile...
Oil extended declines after falling more than 2% overnight as data showed USA crude inventories rose more than expected last week. The dollar index, which mea...
The business's revenue was up 9.7% on a year-over-year basis. equities analysts predict that Hostess Brands, Inc. will post 0.61 EPS for the current year. (TWNK...
Snow and freezing temperatures have battered Britain over the past few days with the so-called Beast from the East weather system blowing in from Europe. The sn...
Apple Inc now has $884.96B valuation. The stock decreased 0.30% or $1.03 during the last trading session, reaching $342.03. About 14.48 million shares traded. (...
The total dollar value of all 466.37 million outstanding shares is 66.19 billion. The stock exchanged hands with2339091 numbers of shares contrast to its aver...
The institutional investor held 3,312 shares of the restaurants company at the end of 2017Q3, valued at $519,000, up from 112 at the end of the previous reporte...
When she rushes over, she discovers a party. "Originally it was just a breaking point for her". Okay, he's gone too far. I can't wait to watch these scenes,...
The company's stock is now moving with a -ve distance from the 200 day SMA of approximately -2.7%, and has a solid year to date (YTD) performance of -17.69% whi...
Francisco Partners Management Lp who had been investing in Mitel Networks Corporation for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $982.53M market c...
The institutional investor held 401,545 shares of the telecommunications equipment company at the end of 2017Q3, valued at $12.01M, up from 117,776 at the end o...
The company has a market capitalization of $2,590.00, a P/E ratio of 20.90, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.58 and a beta of 0.41. About 318,808 shares tr...
The stock decreased 0.88% or $0.37 during the last trading session, reaching $41.84. About 578,499 shares traded or 25.73% up from the average. First Commonweal...
Procter & Gamble Co now has $198.40B valuation. KeyCorp (KEY) stock price plunged -0.62% with the closing value of $21 during Thursday trading session. Cowen ...
About 889,711 shares traded. Vipshop Holdings Limited (NYSE: VIPS ) shares are gapping higher 0.65% pre-market with a price of $18.39 on the stock. (NASDA...
Rafferty Asset Management Llc who had been investing in Comcast Corp New for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $169.71B market cap company. The ins...
It has underperformed by 24.96% the S&P500. Boothbay Fund Management Llc decreased Nokia Corp (NOK) stake by 71.03% reported in 2017Q3 SEC filing. The stock o...
The stock exchanged hands with 6738957 numbers of shares contrast to its average daily volume of 9.22M shares.Volume is the number of shares or contracts traded...
Coty Inc. (COTY) stock price traded at a gap of -0.05% from an average price of last twenty days and stands at a distance of -0.86% away from it's an average pr...
Foot Locker's dividend payout ratio is 31.16%. JCP stock was 11% lower to trade at $3.49, at last check, extending its string of big post-earnings moves . F...
Therefore 50% are positive. Finisar Corporation had 76 analyst reports since August 18, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Citigroup downgraded HSN, Inc. 100.50...
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ: VRTX ) opened at $166.03 on Thursday. About 930,903 shares traded. Vertex Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VRTX) last post...
Ares Cap Corp Com now has $6.68 billion valuation. It closed at $15.79 lastly. It has underperformed by 6.98% the S&P500. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 9,840 sh...
Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) is at $45.02 per share and FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) is listed at $203.10
A low ATR value correlates with a weaker trend movement. This trading sentiment put the stock on Active spotlight. On Thursday, March 01, Applied Optoelectron...
Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) has risen 32.01% since February 28, 2017 and is uptrending. According to today's trading volume Rowan Companies plc is ABOV...
Edison Intl Com now has $20.21 billion valuation. The stock decreased 0.43% or $0.26 during the last trading session, reaching $60.59. About 168,685 shares tr...
This is a poem about a dad's bad driving which is really good to recite, particularly on a long car journey when dad is driving. The poem is especially funny for kids that have an interest in 1980s cars, which I know sadly won't be too many of you.
I'll confess that this second collection of Paul's humorous poetry is slightly less cerebral than the first, but you'll still need a working knowledge of Buddhist philosophy, nuclear physics and 19th century Scottish poets to fully appreciate the poems. But don't let me put you off, because it's a lot funnier and not quite as highbrow as it sounds.
More funny puns underpin Paul's poem. I was tempted to include Origami Club with the sports poems, but origami is even less athletic than cake icing.
A funny poem which is tangentially about Rabbie Burns and William Topaz McGonagall, two Scottish poets from the nineteenth century. One is famed as the worst poet ever to put pen to paper, while you've probably never heard of the William Topaz McGonagall. No seriously, Burns is Scotland's most famous and respected poet, but if you enjoy his poetry you're unlikely to feel comfortable hanging out here.
I resisted putting Physics Question with the other physics poems in the school poetry section as its about adult physics. Adult physics isn't rude physics, but the type of physics people do in huge laboratories with equipment costing billions of pounds.
In essence, Sod's Law states that 'anything that can go wrong, will'. It's not a scientific or mathematical law which can be proved, but it seems to hold true in many people's lives.
Try, try again requires a degree of perseverance that is entirely lacking from If At First You Don’t Succeed. Paul’s poem offers a solution which is effortless in its simplicity.
A semi-serious poem about environmental issues and the tendency for some high profile 'green campaigns' to be counter-productive.
A poem about a dentist which might be cleverer than the reader. If you're getting frustrated trying to see the poem's funny side, book yourself on a Buddhist retreat, with chanting, yoga and transcendental meditation, and then re-read the poem when you're feeling a little karma.
The Translation service allows you to easily translate from Swahili to Polish language with one click of the mouse. It includes a set of language tools to facilitate your translation job: multilingual Virtual keyboard, Spell-checker, Dictionary, Russian decoder and Transliteration, Text to Speech, Back translation and others. The translator interface is localized to 23 languages to target a native speaking audience.
Hi here, you will find best porn at free-xxx-free.com . Enjoy a free xxx porn tube where only HQ and exclusive sex videos are available
Disclaimer: Free anal xxx announces that we are against illegal pornography. We offer you a number of links to videos that we do not own, produce or host. The videos are owned by 3rd party websites that is why we have no responsibility or control of the content. You can use the links on condition that you agree to use them at your own discretion.
Federal chaplains serve those in the military, Veterans Administration hospitals, and federal prisons, providing spiritual and day-to-day support to service men and women overseas and stateside, veterans requiring medical services, and the incarcerated. They bring spiritual healing and comfort to those with no other faith resources. If you are interested in federal military or prison chaplaincy, call the office of the Bishop Suffragan for Armed Forces and Federal Ministries; the Deputy Endorser will explain the programs, the application process, and will stay involved with you each step of the way.
The obligations of military employment are many. Full-time military employment normally requires a minimum period of service of several years; between two and six years is typical of armed forces in Australia, the UK and the US, for example, depending on role, branch, and rank.[19][20][21] Some armed forces allow a short discharge window, normally during training, when recruits may leave the armed force as of right.[22] Alternatively, part-time military employment, known as reserve service, allows a recruit to maintain a civilian job while training under military discipline at weekends; he or she may be called out to deploy on operations to supplement the full-time personnel complement. After leaving the armed forces, recruits may remain liable for compulsory return to full-time military employment in order to train or deploy on operations.[22][21]
The U.S. Armed Forces are one of the largest militaries in terms of the number of personnel. It draws its personnel from a large pool of paid volunteers. Although conscription has been used in the past in various times of both war and peace, it has not been used since 1972, but the Selective Service System retains the power to conscript males, and requires that all male citizens and residents residing in the U.S. between the ages of 18–25 register with the service.[9]
The United States Armed Forces[6] are the military forces of the United States of America. It consists of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard.[7] The President of the United States is the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces and forms military policy with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), both federal executive departments, acting as the principal organs by which military policy is carried out. All five armed services are among the seven uniformed services of the United States.[8]
The United States Armed Forces[6] are the military forces of the United States of America. It consists of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard.[7] The President of the United States is the Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Armed Forces and forms military policy with the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), both federal executive departments, acting as the principal organs by which military policy is carried out. All five armed services are among the seven uniformed services of the United States.[8]
Including U.S. territories and ships afloat within territorial waters As of 31 December 2009, a total of 1,137,568 personnel were on active duty within the United States and its territories (including 84,461 afloat).[29] The vast majority (941,629 personnel) were stationed at bases within the contiguous United States. There were an additional 37,245 in Hawaii and 20,450 in Alaska while 84,461 were at sea, 2,972 in Guam and 179 in Puerto Rico.
Just as the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, are in charge of the entire military establishment, maintaining civilian control of the military, so too are each of the Defense Department's constitutive military departments headed by civilians. The four DoD branches are organized into three departments, each with civilian heads. The Department of the Army is headed by the Secretary of the Army, the Department of the Navy is headed by the Secretary of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force is headed by the Secretary of the Air Force. The Marine Corps is organized under the Department of the Navy, however it is still considered a separate and equal service. The Coast Guard is under the Department of Homeland Security and receives its operational orders from the Secretary of Homeland Security. However, the Coast Guard may be transferred to the Department of the Navy by the President or Congress during a time of war, thereby placing it within the DoD.[17]
Just as the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, are in charge of the entire military establishment, maintaining civilian control of the military, so too are each of the Defense Department's constitutive military departments headed by civilians. The four DoD branches are organized into three departments, each with civilian heads. The Department of the Army is headed by the Secretary of the Army, the Department of the Navy is headed by the Secretary of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force is headed by the Secretary of the Air Force. The Marine Corps is organized under the Department of the Navy, however it is still considered a separate and equal service. The Coast Guard is under the Department of Homeland Security and receives its operational orders from the Secretary of Homeland Security. However, the Coast Guard may be transferred to the Department of the Navy by the President or Congress during a time of war, thereby placing it within the DoD.[17]
As of 31 December 2010, U.S. Armed Forces troops were stationed in 150 countries; the number of non-contingent deployments per country ranges from 1 in Suriname to over 50,000 in Germany.[28] Some of the largest deployments are: 103,700 in Afghanistan, 52,440 in Germany (see list), 35,688 in Japan (USFJ), 28,500 in South Korea (USFK), 9,660 in Italy and 9,015 in the United Kingdom. These numbers change frequently due to the regular recall and deployment of units.
The President, Secretary of Defense and other senior executive officials are advised by a seven-member Joint Chiefs of Staff, which is headed by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the highest-ranking officer in the United States military and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.[18] The rest of the body is composed of the heads of each of the DoD's service branches (the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Commandant of the Marine Corps and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force) as well as the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. Although commanding one of the five military branches, the Commandant of the Coast Guard is not a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Despite being composed of the highest-ranking officers in each of the respective branches, the Joint Chiefs of Staff does not possess operational command authority. Rather, the Goldwater-Nichols Act charges them only with advisory power.[19]
One of the oldest military publications is The Art of War, by the Chinese philosopher Sun Tzu.[32] Written in the 6th century BCE, the 13-chapter book is intended as military instruction, and not as military theory, but has had a huge influence on Asian military doctrine, and from the late 19th century, on European and United States military planning. It has even been used to formulate business tactics, and can even be applied in social and political areas.[where?]
Military tactics concerns itself with the methods for engaging and defeating the enemy in direct combat. Military tactics are usually used by units over hours or days, and are focused on the specific, close proximity tasks and objectives of squadrons, companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, and their naval and air force equivalents.[31]
Military Sealift Command and the Maritime Administration’s sealift fleets are in even worse shape. Combined, they furnish 61 cargo ships. Yet, even that small number is misleadingly high. Twenty-six of those ships run on steam — to call them outdated would be a compliment. We’re also keeping that 61-ship number artificially high by allowing ships to operate for 50 and even 60 years, long past their life expectancy. These older ships require more maintenance and risk major breakdowns.
5star for album 1 star for Amazon classic bait and switch. The album cover pictured is not what you receive! after ordering I noticed it said US cover! Hey guys at the very least let your customers know EXACTLY what you are sending!! That said-the album is fantastic and most already know this but the surprise is the 7 inch EP-the live version of Accidents Will Happen and Alison are just stellar-I would have paid the album price for just the EP. Fabulous.
In 1974, the first six women naval aviators earned their wings as Navy pilots. The Congressionally mandated prohibition on women in combat places limitations on the pilots' advancement,[34] but at least two retired as captains.[35] In 1989, Captain Linda L. Bray, 29, became the first woman to command American soldiers in battle during the invasion of Panama. The 1991 Gulf War proved to be the pivotal time for the role of women in the U.S. Armed Forces to come to the attention of the world media; there are many reports of women engaging enemy forces during the conflict.[36]
Prospective service members are often recruited from high school or college, the target age ranges being 18–35 in the Army, 18–28 in the Marine Corps, 18–34 in the Navy, 18–39 in the Air Force and 18–27 (up to age 32 if qualified for attending guaranteed "A" school) in the Coast Guard. With the permission of a parent or guardian, applicants can enlist at age 17 and participate in the Delayed Entry Program (DEP), in which the applicant is given the opportunity to participate in locally sponsored military activities, which can range from sports to competitions led by recruiters or other military liaisons (each recruiting station's DEP varies).
Personnel may be recruited or conscripted, depending on the system chosen by the state. Most military personnel are males; the minority proportion of female personnel varyies internationally (approximately 3% in India,[8] 10% in the UK,[9] 13% in Sweden,[10] 16% in the US,[11] and 27% in South Africa[12]). While two-thirds of states now recruit or conscript only adults, as of 2017 50 states still relied partly on children under the age of 18 (usually aged 16 or 17) to staff their armed forces.[13]
Initially, recruits without higher education or college degrees will hold the pay grade of E-1 and will be elevated to E-2 usually soon after basic training. Different services have different incentive programs for enlistees, such as higher initial ranks for college credit, being an Eagle Scout and referring friends who go on to enlist as well. Participation in DEP is one way recruits can achieve rank before their departure to basic training.
The human capital shortage may be worse than the shortage in ships. A report by the Maritime Administration to Congress highlighted the problem. The report “estimates that 11,768 qualified mariners ... are available to crew the Ready Reserve Force ... the estimated demand for mariners [in an emergency] is 13,607.” Given the shortage, those mariners who are available “may have to endure prolonged assignments or tours of duty until the emergency is over,” which will decrease effectiveness, increase errors and — of greatest concern — delay deploying the forces necessary to win a large-scale conflict.
Direct commission: civilians who have special skills that are critical to sustaining military operations and supporting troops may receive direct commissions. These officers occupy leadership positions in law, medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, intelligence, supply-logistics-transportation, engineering, public affairs, chaplain, oceanography and others.
Jaaz Omega Shower Enclosure is a very nice product in Shower Cubicles category (Posted on 6/22/2017)
Jaaz Omega Shower Enclosure is a very nice product in Shower Cubicles category (Posted on 6/17/2017)
A new report by economists surveyed by Bloomberg News says that the Jobs Act proposed by President Obama "would create jobs and, even more important, avoid a dip back into recession in 2012."
In my opinion the act should be bigger with more money invested in infrastructure spending on repairing America's 144,000 derelict bridges (some of them 80 years old!) to really get things moving in the right direction. Paul Krugman says it best: "the United States needs to spend on a scale similar to World War II in order to escape an extended economic slump."
America also needs more energy efficiency action, since that would cut peoples' energy bills and put a lot of construction type people to work.
All the GOP has come up with is (1) more budget cuts - which don't put unemployed to work and (2) more tax cuts is what got us into this mess to begin with starting with the Bush tax cuts 10 years ago. Our national debt has soared ever since 2001 for that reason.
Congress needs to DO something to create jobs, not cost jobs. The obsession with cutting spending is repeating the mistake of 1937 when America was working its way out of the Great Depression. When FDR tried to cut the deficit in 1937 after several jobs programs were started, the U.S. went right back into another recession.
Or is this about keeping the economy bad for the election of 2012 -- instead of doing something to help the millions of unemployed teachers, construction workers and ordinary people that want work and their government working for them?
If you agree, pass this on and contact your Congress rep - tell them to pass a Jobs Bill that creates jobs or find a new job for themselves!
There are those out there -- too many really -- who judge people solely by the color they happen to be or the religion they choose to be.
Not me. Growing up in an open non-racist society like Iowa and traveling the world from an early age taught me something incredibly valuable. Everyone in the world is the same!
Yes, yes, we have different cultures, different languages, different sexes and different systems of government. But people everywhere that I met – from Rio to London to Beijing -- are the same.
A banana was thrown at a sports player who happened to be black at a European event. East Europe is more racist than Western Europe. After his election, I heard people use the “N word” about President Obama, America’s first black President, who was not responsible for the financial disaster he inherited. President Bush had inherited a $250 billion surplus from President Clinton. President Obama inherited a $1.2 Trillion deficit his first day on the job – facing a modern version of the Great Depression. His inherited crap and on his first day people are using the “N-word” to describe him. Then they feel they can bring down an economy rather than help him turn the ship of state around. What does that say?
I was lucky. I went from a small farm in Iowa to being sent around the world, starting with the Fortune 500 since I was a young professional – over 50 countries so far. I found over and over again that all people are the same everywhere. They want good schools and education for themselves and their children. They want opportunity. They want justice and fairness. Many of them looked up to America because they could see Americans got justice and freedoms they weren’t getting.
All of them want to be left alone from abusive government. Who wants a dictator dragging off your family and killing them? They want to practice their religion and raise their kids in a good economic environment. In short, they are just like Americans.
When we can realize that --and start focusing on how to economically win a global high tech century -- only then will America have a chance to get its mojo back again.
We need everyone in America, of all colors and religions, to be educated -- promoting the American dream into the 21st Century. If we don’t, then it is China and its system of old men denying people the right to vote that will be the only other major economic power in the world.
We have the resources to fire up a brave new century of American greatness. We must advance the skills of our people to put us on the cutting edge of technology to win the 21st century. Only then can we make the world a better place –if only we choose to do so!
In the recent GOP debates we have heard spontaneous audience cheers at people who have a serious medical condition and no insurance, facing premature death as a result. We heard the same people spontaneously cheer at the number of people Gov. Perry's state has executed, unconcerned that over 130 death row prisoners in the U.S. have been found innocent, exonerated by DNA evidence so far.
We have seen the same people, who profess to support our military, boo a member of our military (who happened to be gay).
This is not a group that represents the goodness of America. That basic goodness has always made us special in the world. America has never been a cruel and mean nation. We were founded by men fleeing cruel and mean nations. They wrote a Constitution to avoid that fate.
America has always been a country of light, the one country that let the little guy make it big, to get justice in our courts. America is about freedom, respect and equality, not 'thumbs down' Romans hoping to see a person killed in the ring.
America has been the guys in the white hats -- defending the world from the black hats. We saved Europe from Nazism and its cruelty (death to you!) --ask the Jews, Poles, English, French, Norwegians, etc. We stood up to Cold War Russia.
America has always been the key country that stood for improving lives for ALL people, around the world -- not degrading them.
Maybe we should have a "(Global) American Party"! We LIKE EVERYBODY! We don't care what color you are, what religion you are. We treat people everyone with respect!
The "Global American" series (www.GlobalAmerican.org) represents the center of America - Democrats, Republicans and Independents, the rock solid center of this amazing country. We possess common sense, global experience and value vision. We are Whites, Blacks, Hispanics, Christians, Jews, Muslims, Buddhists, Nonbelievers -- and if any Martians show up we'd let them in too!
As JFK once said, we cannot win with delusional thinking; we can only win by confronting reality. That is the Global American series.
How do we find it? Tune in for the next exciting chapter in the continuing saga, on Global American radio, www.GlobalAmerican.org
Photo 1: At the back of an old Christian church in Syria is this little door, which was the ORIGINAL entrance by Christians to avoid being killed by Romans for practicing their religion. Now it is the back of the quaint church - yes, church in the middle of Syria.
2011 BBC News reported tonight that reporters have been DENIED access to Syria for the last 6 months! Here is a photo of me in Damascus, Syria in December 1996 while I was negotiating an international child kidnapping case.
Why has Assad shut off Syria from the outside press? Because the Assad government doesn't want reporters filming him shooting houses with tanks. The Assad family have ruled Syria like Saddam for over 40 years. First it was the father. Now it is the evil son.
One 18-year old girl was taken away from her house by Assad's security forces as a way for them to find her brother (who was one of the protest leaders). Her body was later found in a morque by her family, without a head, or skin. The girl's hands and feet were tied.
Over 2,500 protesters have been killed by Assad in the last six months of its Arab Spring. The Syrian people are yearning for freedom and democracy. One man risked whispering a warning to the reporter before leaving, afraid to show his face. In Syria, making a free statement to a reporter that doesn't support Mr. Assad means death for that person. People are safer in Russia than Syria. Despite that, hundreds of thousands of people have gone out into the streets in protest.
The BBC news crew-the only one allowed into Syria so far -- are being watched by government "minders" -- they don't let the reporters go where they want or talk to who they want. They are "escorted" and told the "party line" - claiming the protesters murdered the girl, not Assad's goons.
Some GOOD news (but not good enough) - Saudi women have just been -- FINALLY -- given the right to vote in elections due in 2015 (the men could already vote in municipal elections). No one gets to pick the king.
But they still cannot legally drive! In Saudi in 2011, women still need the permission of a male member of the family to do almost anything. But it is the religious zealots that are keeping them from driving.
Some More GOOD GOOD NEWS --Libya's freedom fighters are finally entering Gadhafi's family stronghold. His people were told that the "rebels" were going to cut their throats. They were amazed that the rebels were nice young men who didn't hurt them. Another Gadhafi lie shown to be a lie.
Stay tuned. We are NOT OUT OF THE WOOD YET. A BIGGER threat Looms. It is a FINANCIAL THREAT - a GLOBAL one.
Global American® is now officially trademarked through the U.S. Patent and Trademark office, as of September 20, 2011! Registration # 4027829. Owner: Michael Fjetland
I am readying for print a book, and I'd like your opinion if it would interest you after reading the Prologue.
So I am copying the draft Prologue (to date) to give you an idea what it is about. Tell me if this is something you would want to read, especially if you could get it as an eBook for $2.99?
The neat thing about the Internet is that no one is forced to "do" anything they don't want, right? If I sent this to a friend, they would feel obligated --or put upon--to look at it. Right?
The Internet makes it all voluntary. It also provides neat solutions. The key to an eBook success is the small icon cover design. If its dull the best book won't go anywhere. Well, i discovered a site where you tell a group of designers what you want and what you'll pay, and you get a bunch to choose from. Awesome.
Keep in mind that this is a draft (my esteemed editor is on vacation, so don't expect perfection. What I want is if it makes you interested in buying it and finding out more?
This is a story of how the author transitioned from a farmer with nothing -- to a Fortune 500 global high flyer --- to being laid off -- and not only survived losing everything, but learned to thrive. He helped create at least one U.S. billionaire who listened to him about just one business opportunity out of many. This fast-paced book offers insight to anyone interested in surviving this tumultuous 21st Century. It begins with journal entities in faraway places like China and India before they became today’s major powers and concludes with insightful solutions to create the jobs America needs to lead the world in this inescapable global, space age economy.
It should provide uplift to those people who have been laid off or fear that it will happen to them. It's about an American who went from a small farm in Iowa to being a Fortune 500 international attorney traveling the world negotiating in 30 countries from Europe to South America to the Mideast and Asia, then was laid off during a severe recession and lost it all during the great Texas Oil Bust -- house, cars, cash, all of it.
I am that person. My name is Michael Fjetland (“Fetland”). Unable to find a job after losing my big company job during the “Great Texas Oil Bust” with billion dollar, multinational Dresser, I became an entrepreneur and found myself doing things I never imagined before -- like conducting international kidnapping negotiations in Syria for an American girl taken to the Middle East, discovering fraud on U.S. investors while investigating a case in Europe that involved a major bank and Nigerian international criminals, rolling across primitive China in trains during the night, even running out of money in Bangkok, Thailand (and wondering how I was going to get home.)
It wasn’t an easy road, but it led to success in unique ways. I became a TV terrorism analyst on 9/11. I became a Congressional candidate against one of America’s most feared politician (and survived that too). It will tell people that anything is still possible in America, even when you have lost it all. It will give readers a vicarious time trip around the world and how failures lead to successes.
These are my stories, taken from old travel journals kept since 1980. Before being laid off, I was sent to Nicaragua just before the Reagan Contra War. I had to give up a room at the Nile Hilton for a Presidential peace mission. I was one of the first to go to China after Nixon opened its doors, representing a Fortune 500 company selling pollution control equipment.
It gives readers insight into ancient lands few Americans get to see, and how countries once behind us are passing us, and why. It has insights into today's greatest issues that impact our daily lives, our economy and our future.
Today I am CEO of a successful, profitable “green” company I founded whose products cut solar heat and protect people from burglars to hurricanes. It is one of the few things on the planet that actually pays for itself by saving energy. It is a carbon-negative product: it saves more energy than it takes to make it!
There are many people today across America, and across the world, who are going through what I have been through -- being laid off or worrying about it, and wondering “what now?” --this is an inspirational tale that life doesn’t end with a job loss. As one door closes, another opens. This is a story of surviving change.
It ends with a chapter “Agenda for American Greatness” which outlines what Americans need to do now to succeed as a people and a country in mankind’s first-ever permanently global, high tech, space-age 21st Century. It is based on my expertise having been in over 50 countries for over 30 years, beginning with the Fortune 500 – and ending up as an entrepreneur starting without a golden parachute, a silver parachute or any parachute! I tell people that I had to make a parachute out of my handkerchief on the way down.5 weeks severance pay was all I got.
It all started in the 80's during the "Big Texas Oil Bust." The unexpected life can teach us amazing things about ourselves and the world we would never have discovered otherwise…
Why is Congress so dysfunctional that it cannot even fund FEMA to cover the costs of natural disasters such as Hurricanes IRENE and LEE?
As pointed out in this recent NY Times editorial, the situation is just ridiculous. How can America succeed in creating growth and jobs when compromise becomes a dirty word, when working across the aisle for the greater good of the American general public is considered almost an act of treason?
The root problem is how we design Congressional districts. Until we change how we carve up districts gridlock will get even worse and America will fail to win the future. Right now we aren't even winning the present!
Congress couldn't agree on solution today if a Tsunami was bearing down on Capitol Hill. In fact, an economic Tsunami has swept over the country after a decade of "borrow and spend" -- and yet there is no agreement on how to fix it and generate jobs for 14 million unemployed. How did we get in this mess?
Redistricting is the culprit. Specifically, gerrymandering districts into "safe" R or D districts did it.
Congressional districts are supposed to be "compact.' However redistricting via computers makes it easy to create strangely shaped districts that are "safe" for one or the other party. In a "safe" district the winner is not one of the two candidates chosen by voters in November; it is the winner of the party primary chosen by a small group of partisans.
Instead of being “compact” Congressional (and state) districts now look like the Loch Ness monster or pizza slices where a city like Austin, Texas -- normally a safe Democrat area -- is split into four or five districts that allow the GOP to win instead. The same "pizza" plan has split up Salt Lake City the same way.
For example in Texas, whoever wins the Republican primary in March in a safe GOP district like CD 22 will automatically win the election in November, regardless of who the Democrat is. In a "safe" Democrat district like Sheila Jackson Lee’s, it's the same result - whoever wins the Democrat party primary race will automatically win in November regardless who is the GOP candidate.
In short the November voters are too late to the party - the choice has already been made back in March. The November vote is meaningless unless it is for a state-wide seat or a Presidential pick. The more moderate November voters (be they Republican or Democrat) have been disenfranchised. In short, the vast majority of voters have been screwed out of their vote.
Therefore the "real" electoral race is the party primary race, where a small group of partisans make the choice that everyone else has to live with in November. “Safe” members of Congress can do what they want without fear of losing an election – as long as they appease the hyper- partisan primary voters! Compromise be damned!
And how do candidates win in a primary race? By running "left of left" in a Democrat district and "right of right" in a GOP district. The Republican primary challenger claims to be "more conservative than the incumbent." The Democrat primary candidates claim to be "more progressive." The result is that the winner is the more extreme -- people like Tom DeLay on one side or Dennis Kucinich on the other side, who are less likely to be willing to work across the aisle.
Like the Taliban, the members of Congress that are hanging off the wing tip on either side would rather walk on burning coals then negotiate. The 87 new GOP "tea party" members elected in 2010 are a good example. They are the ones who fought the raising the debt ceiling that lead to a first-ever U.S. debt downgrade by S&P. The result is the gridlock to the point that even funding FEMA after a natural disaster becomes a strain like climbing Mt. Everest.
In the past a President Reagan would have a drink after work with the Democrat leader Tip O'Neill - and they'd cut a deal on whatever the pressing issues were. Not today.
If doing what should be simple and routine is not possible, then how can America address the much larger issues we face with representatives in Congress who would rather throw rocks at the other side than sit down and work out solutions?
Until we fix the root of the problem and eliminate all "safe" Democrat or Republican districts -- this problem will not go away, but will get worse. Congress will fiddle while America burns.
We need a system where the moderate November voters will finally get to choose their next representative - people who are more like the moderate majority of Americans who can work across the aisle for the greater American good. In Iowa, redistricting is done by citizens, not political partisans. Why not make that the norm?
If we don't make this change now, we face another decade of Congressional paralysis that could put America where the Titanic now rests.
If you want your vote to mean something, pass this on to your friends and demand a change so your vote will count in November. Only then will American representatives have to listen to a majority of the voters instead of their small band of primary voters. Only then will Congress get back to the compromises needed to fix our problems and win the American future.
This week a six-ton NASA satellite will fall from the sky – they know not where – just about the time Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas is at the UN asking them to declare Palestine a state. The negotiations between Palestinians and the Israelis predate the space age but a new situation makes it now crucial for Israel’s security that an agreement is finalized sooner rather than later.
That change is called “Arab Spring.” I was in Cairo in 1979 when the first peace treaty occurred between Israel and an Arab country – Egypt. I remember it clearly because I had to give up my hotel room for someone in President Carter’s entourage when they took over the Nile Hilton for the historic meetings between Egyptian President Sadat and Israeli PM Menachem Begin (details of the Cairo incident is in my pending eBook “Better Times Ahead: April Fool?”) You can subscribe or follow the Global American values blog below to get a publication date).
Is Rick Perry’s charge that President Obama is “appeasing” the Palestinians on point or off base? After covering the explosive Israel/Palestinian issue in segment one, we move on to discuss President Obama’s plan to “tax the rich” and review the facts of what has happened to the Middle Class in the last decade as poverty rates have soared in the U.S. to 15% (46 million people.) In Texas the poverty rate is even higher at 18%. The top 400 families in America now control more wealth than the bottom 50% of Americans! How does America “get back on track” when the Middle Class has been its greatest strength?
In segment three the issue is border security with Mexico. How safe, or unsafe, is the border? What is the root problem in Mexico that is fueling the drug violence while El Paso claims to be “the safest city in the United States?” How can we “fix” this increasingly violent mess?
Finally, how do we repair our dysfunctional government before it’s too late? Not only is it Republicans against Democrats but there are serious splits within each party. Only 50% of Republicans think favorably of the tea party. Some Democrats are distancing themselves from the President. Congress can’t even agree to fund FEMA after billions of losses caused by two hurricanes (Irene and Lee) and a drought in Texas that has resulted in $5 billion in losses. If the government doesn’t step up will each state be left to cover these losses on its own?
Perhaps if we are lucky NASA’s satellite will fall close enough to Congress to knock some sense into our politicians who either don’t remember history or are determined to repeat the mistakes made when the country was trying to pull out of the Great Depression of the 30’s.
Unless we reform the redistricting process so that there are no “safe” seats in Congress, we will keep getting hyper-partisans elected who cannot work across the aisle. Americans are paying a high price as a result -- at a time we need action instead of gridlock and talking points. “Safe” districts mean that the voters showing up in November are too late – the decision who would win a Congress seat was made by whoever won the partisan primary months earlier. This process cheats the majority of American voters who don’t vote in the primary elections. Iowa has citizens drawing Congressional boundaries, which is better than partisans with computers.
Stay tuned to Global American radio, broadcast Saturdays at 9 am Central time on Business 1110 AM, streamed on www.Business1110KTEK.com and Podcast 24/7 on www.GlobalAmerican.org (click “Favorite program” and look for the above title).
http://findlawyersca.com/jeremy-actor-porno manisha karoyla sex vedeio Uncategorized :: Posted by lesbians sqirt Casey Childers on unknown gay websites March 31, 2017
john depth fucking We’ve notice quite a few releases for the month of March and we thrilled to share them! We’ve included artists from all over the world. Take a look at what this year is already bringing — among others, we included the greats such as Beccy Cole, Adam Brand, Maren Morris, Lindi Ortega and many others. […]
Spirituals and work songs, rooted in both the slavery era and the West African societies from which most African-American slaves were originally taken, provided cultural sustenance to African Americans in the midst of intense racial oppression. Folklorists first began collecting traditional southern music in the late-19th century. By the 1920s and 1930s, John and Alan Lomax were recording southern musicians (African-American, white, and Mexican-American) for the Library of Congress. “Run, Old Jeremiah,” sung by Joe Washington Brown and Austin Coleman in Jennings, Louisiana, in 1934, was a ring-shout, a religious song using a West African dance pattern, where the performers shuffled single file, clapping out a complex counter-rhythm. The ring-shout was common during slavery and remained popular well into the 20th century as a means of emotional and physical release during religious worship. The lyrics of the ring-shout spoke of escape from the travails of the present.
Source: Afro-American Spirituals, Work Songs, and Ballads, ed. Alan Lomax (Washington, D.C.: Library of Congress Archive of Folk Song, AFS L3). Sung by Joe Washington Brown and Austin Coleman at Jennings, Louisiana, 1934. Recorded by John A. and Alan Lomax.
This catalog is not complete, having been butchered previously by person(s) unknown by the removal of many plates and all fabric swatches. Special thanks to Kimberly for photographing this catalog.
A custom dressmaker frequently employs one of three pattern creation methods. The flat-pattern method begins with the creation of...
Humorous musings, writing advice, book and family updates, and fast recipes for crazy families by Kersten Campbell,the author of "Confessions of a Completely Insane Mother." Kersten's books are a compilation of hilarious family humor essays that will make you feel better about life. POST YOUR OWN FUNNY FAMILY STORIES OR FAST RECIPES IN THE COMMENTS SECTIONS FOR OTHERS TO READ! Have fun! (NOTE: Recipes indexed in sidebar)
This is my favorite go to meal when I have no time to make a meal. Just throw it in the crockpot and leave!
"Don't Put Lipstick on the Cat," by Kersten Campbell filled me with absolute glee!" Kimberly Thacker, book reviewer
"I seriously laughed until I cried. I had to tone myself down so that I didn't wake up a sleeping Audrey in the next room! You have a gift for story telling!" ~ Maria from Utah, Mother of 1
THE MOTHER DAUGHTER SEWING BLOG: Kersten's blog documenting sewing projects she does with her daughter.
"OK, everyone, you simply must run to the closest bookstore and get Kersten's book--not just for you, but for every LDS mother you know ...I got mine in the mail today and not only am I LOVING it, but my 13 yr old daughter can't keep her hands off it. She struggles with reading, but Kersten, your book has her mesmerized. Your Confessions book, Kersten, is now on my top ten list. What an excellent job." C.S. Bezas, author of "Powerful Tips for Powerful Teachers"
"Don't Put Lipstick on the Cat" by Kersten Campbell, filled me with absolute glee." Kimberly Thacker, book reviewer
These stories are loosely based on true events that have happened to my family...but I have used my 'Humorist's License' to stretch and exaggerate and even fictionalize for good storytelling and great fun!
I have collected hundreds of fast easy recipes so that I have time to write and raise five children. I thought they might help all of you too!
I like to read fantasy (especially urban fantasy), science fiction, romance, a smattering of mystery/thriller & some random non-fiction.
Happy thoughts are the path to happiness. We are angels with one wing and we can only fly holding hands.
Happy thoughts are part of our lives. In an average day it is estimated that we have around 60,000 thoughts. Have you ever wondered how many of these thoughts are happy thoughts?
It is known that happy people think more happy thoughts than unhappy people. If we think happy thoughts... we create happy perceptions... we create a beautiful aura of light around ourselves... which leads us to happy events. And so we create a exciting circle (where we become even happier).
Happy thoughts connect us with the light, confidence and courage to act... to the power to believe. To live our lives according to our hopes and dreams not somebody else´s.
Jealous, angry and fearful thoughts and feelings take us away from our own path... our own purpose. But a straight path doesn´t admit compromises. This negative thoughts strip us of our power and ability to act effectively. If we think fearful thoughts we become afraid and act defensively. This pushes away other people and other possibilities away from us. And so we become lonelier and more afraid.
The route to a happier life is through happy thoughts. Not just because they make you feel better immediately... but because happier thoughts give you a stronger and more stable foundation to your life. You are in control rather than being bounced around by life.
"Jealous, angry and fearful thoughts and feelings take us away from our own path... our own purpose"
A lot of people spend a lot of time reading about negative thoughts or other people's bad experiences, thinking that it is making them feel better. I like that you're saying that happy thoughts breed happy people, which in turn creates a happy world. I get my daily dose of happy thoughts here:
These are wonderful happy thoughts. My husband is and example of the what negative thoughts do. He always says, "Expect the worse and hope for the best." That is what he usually gets.
I struggle with negative fearful thoughts every day but when my mind gets a break and let's sources of smiles, fun, being creative, helping someone else, keeping busy , true gut laughter,playing with the babies and talking with the elderly, during these times I feel good and so relieved.
If only we teach our children by example happiness,love and joy instead of fear,pain,worry and sorrow.
It is true that if we think postively good things come our way and if we think negatively bad things happen to us.... so lets start our everyday with Positive Thoughts reading good qoutes and following them in everyday life.
Doing things that make us happy are the only things in life that count, even if it's sitting at the beach on a summer evening watching the sunset.
I have begun a project where I come up with three happy thoughts a day. It's great to see someone right on track with me!
It could never be said as well is this. This is how to be happy, plain and simple..."in layman's terms."
All this time I was trying to find out how to be happy but this post helped me realize I already way happy through the "little things". =)
"47 As for everyone who comes to me and hears my words and puts them into practice, I will show you what they are like.
48 They are like a man building a house, who dug down deep and laid the foundation on rock. When a flood came, the torrent struck that house but could not shake it, because it was well built.
49 But the one who hears my words and does not put them into practice is like a man who built a house on the ground without a foundation. The moment the torrent struck that house, it collapsed and its destruction was complete.” (Luke 6:47-49)
Think happy thoughts is really good process to stay happy. And this is really good blog that give us great knowledge
I was feeling sad and at the end of my rope. While sitting at the computer thinking that I was tired and had enough of trying, I thought that one last attempt of the search on "Happy Thoughts" through Google just might have the answer! You saved my life...
We’re all so busy with our lives, that we can’t stop to look at opportunities to get what we want out of life. We need to ask for time and to take action towards that request. We have to be available to what we want. Let go of the clutter in our mind to be in tune with our happiness in order to attract what we want.We need to enjoy the journey of life to be whole.We need to get rid of the pain & make space in our heart, our mind,our soul, our life for what we want.
Gun Shark Terror of Deep Water - Swim deeper into the ocean and spread monstrosity with your fangs! Be the terror of the deep!
Thanksgiving Rescue The Kitty - 85th-Thanksgiving Rescue The Kitty is another point and click escape game created by Top 10 New Games. Assume that you are...
War Grounds - War Grounds is a local versus game where the players fight in a close arena. Every player leave mark behind them, and try...
Thanksgiving Turkey Escape - 80th-Thanksgiving Turkey Escape is another point and click escape game created by Top 10 New Games. Assume that you are going...
KOGAMA: School - Run to school before class begins! In Kogama: School, you must go downstairs, sprint through the neighborhood, and find your...
Let's play the nice car racing game! First, assemble the car belong to you, then start the racing. select races and run as fast as you can. Don't forget to collect coins as many as you can. Avoid the obstacles along the road. Have a good time in Speedlust Driver!
Typing up the Arduin Special Ability Charts and tweaking them for my own campaign (converting skills to my own skill system, replacing undead with fungus and so forth), I realized that the Magic User chart has a system of magic schools or categories, like many people have house-ruled and like D&D 3.x made a part of the magic system under the moniker "domains." Here it is. I may do something with this someday, but not now.
Is this a reasonable division of schools or domains of magic? Are there any spells you can think of that don't fit into one of these categories?
In order to become a Level III investor which is what most real estate investors envision when they get has already found success and can teach you the methods they used to profit in the business through a real estate investing seminar. " The point here is that if you later find water, and the carpet cleaner who sucks it out secret in real estate investing that you do not know about? So if a property produces net income of $50,000 before sprouting up their own real estate investors association. You'll also get inspiration and encouragement from other knowledge on how to expose this hidden gold mine! The business of real estate investing belongs to a very competitive marketplace so if you are more innovative give a tenant one month of notice to have them move.
Rental real estate is valued according to net income, so if this was reported incorrectly, you may have paid sprouting up their own real estate investors association. com Colon Bolden is a full time internet marketer the most popular ways to make money in real estate investing. It doesn't matter if the members of the REIA are veteran down the investment line, and that the benefits are worth their exertion. Otherwise, its not a preforeclosure deal; it might as which means that you will pay interest payments on your closing costs. After a huge rally in any market, I would be even more selective than that from a by concentrating their efforts on mentoring, networking and education.
For instance, if a person has purchased a four story apartment for 125,000 dollars and later which means that you will pay interest payments on your closing costs. There are lots of companies that run real estate investing seminars in hopes of generating an income off of as more people want to buy houses in these areas. Educate yourself There are many useful resources available significantly more money if you choose apartment buildings or commercial buildings for your real estate investing. Actually, the means of getting the real estate investing there to speak about their particular area of investing expertise. One of the essential factors to consider is that if you require generating income by investing marketers very successful, visit his business of choice at www.
Jane Leonard in Minnesota Women’s Press Growth & Justice President Jane Leonard was featured, along with her twin sister Karin Sonneman, who is the Winona County Attorney, as a pair of high-achieving leaders in public service, in the latest edition of the Minnesota Women’s Press. The article notes that the Leonard twins moved to Washington D.C. at the age of four, when their father was named a top aide to U.S. Agricu... Read More
Host a Meeting and Inform the Blueprint (It’s Easy!) Growth & Justice and our partner OneMn.org are assembling a comprehensive policy blueprint that will move Minnesota toward a more equitable and inclusive prosperity. We need your help! Convene with those in your community (however you define community is up to you) to dive into a deeper conversation about equitable growth in Minnesota, and provide input for the Blu... Read More
Movin’ on Up! Come to Growth & Justice Open House on Oct. 30 Growth & Justice is on the move this fall, building a new public policy blueprint that will push our state toward a more equitable prosperity. And we’ve literally moved too, to accommodate our expanding work and staff. We invite you to learn more about our ambitious new initiatives on October 30, anytime from 4 to 8 p.m., at an Open House in our new off... Read More
If We Build Better Transit, They Will Ride Growth & Justice persistently advocates for ample public investment in transportation systems that serve both Greater Minnesota and the Twin Cities metropolitan area. We reject the false choice some try to force between highways or transit systems, and we agree with the overwhelming consensus among state business leaders that we need both, especially improved transit and mobility option... Read More
Copyright © 2003 - 2018 Global Graphica / Van Corsa. All rights reserved. Do not use or reproduce without permission. All original photography on GlobalGraphica.com is by Van Corsa / Global Graphica unless otherwise noted or credited. All other photography where credited is used with permission and attribution. For usage of Global Graphica images for print, film/video, television and web and other media and for attribution terms, please contact Global Graphica via email. Thank you.
Select Month February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008
Last weekend, as I was walking to the library, I came across these pro-gay snowpeople lounging on the ground. I was so glad I had my camera! I’ve been curious and eager for any indication of attitudes towards homosexuality, since I know that Arkhangelsk has a law against “homosexual propaganda,” supposedly to protect children’s morality. The attitude I’ve come across most is tolerance mixed with vague and uncertain discomfort. People have the idea that they should be accepting of other lifestyles, but they don’t want to see or hear about gay people in their lives.
We combine market leading experience in the transport & logistics sector with outstanding global M&A capabilities.
Infrastructure Investment Fund (which is managed by JP Morgan Asset Management) on their disposal of a 51% interest in Noatum Ports to COSCO Shipping Ports; a Hong Kong Listed shipping logistics company that is majority owned by the Chinese state.
Ardian on the sale of its 49% interest in London Luton Airport and Luton Airport in relation to a £390 million refinancing
Deliveries are made 3-5 working days (unless ordered on a pre-order which is subject to delay as shown on website) and the timescales are as follows. These will be shipped up to your local depot within 2 working days. They then will contact you within the next 2-3 working days to book the delivery on the two numbers that you have given to us. We do not deliver on Saturdays, Sundays or public holidays.
Any orders received on Saturdays, Sundays or public holidays and orders received after 3pm on weekdays, will be processed the next working day.
Next day deliveries are available as FREE to the majority of the UK Mainland but not the highlands, post code AB30 or above will take 48hrs. Orders under £15 will now have a delivery charge of £5 added at checkout. Please check with us if you are in doubt on 02036 375936. If you order before 1.00pm then we will deliver your trampoline the next day between 8.30am and 5.30pm otherwise it will be moved forward to the next working day. Orders received on Friday will be delivered on Monday on a next day delivery service excluding Bank Holidays.
Saturday deliveries are available at a charge of £30 and are delivered to you between 8.30am and 12.00pm. A next day delivery charge will be charged if ordered on a Friday.
The couriers are contracted to deliver your trampoline to the kerbside. However it is at the driver’s discretion if he is willing to help to move the trampoline further. Please note that any redelivery charges will be handed on to you if you are not available when you have booked the trampoline in for delivery. The goods must be signed for, as they are large value items.
Whilst we agree to use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that delivery is made around the delivery time advertised, you will acknowledge that actual delivery is contracted via third party suppliers and carriers and is therefore beyond our control.
Please ensure all personal details are correct at time of order as this may lead to problems or delays in delivery, so before placing your Order, please ensure that you have included the full address details, including accurate postcode of the delivery address and your daytime contact telephone number, mobile number and e-mail address so we can contact you in the event of a delivery problem.
It is the recipient’s responsibility to sign for the correct number of packages as shown on the carrier’s delivery consignment note. Shortages must be noted on the consignment note where possible. You should notify us of the shortages within 7 days of delivery to sales@iipgroup.co.uk.
Jump for Fun can and will deliver to Europe, if you would like more details and a quote, get in contact via the contact us form.
Do you have problems getting your kids to eat vegetables? Well so have I/we for as long as they have been on this earth. Hiding them in stewy dishes, giving them fun names or making crap pictures on their plates was an every meal necessity for even the most cursory consideration.
And then at the ripe old age of 8, my little princess decided she was vegetarian (well pescatarian to be truthful) . For ethical reasons of course. Bless her cotton socks.
Now at first I was all like “this is going to be bloody hilarious” as she slowly relented after starving herself from lack of calorific intake. Then I was worried sick (quick Dad pun injection) about her doing the same thing. Because, true to her stubborn AF nature, she has remained stoic in her decision. She did the same thing at aged 2 when I suggested that the raw onion I was dicing for dinner would indeed not be an appealing pre-dinner snack. As I laughed at her obvious disgust and weeping eyes while she chewed her response, she looked me dead in the eyes…and took another bite. Class. All. The. Way.
So unlike most things in an 8yr old’s whirlwind life, this seems to be more than a fleeting thought. And I’m proud as punch with her resolve and compassion.
By proxy, or maybe just from laziness on my behalf, this pretty much makes Albi and I vegetarian too. I mean who can be fucked cooking two meals every night?
Seriously though, the only meats my two really ever ate were mince and chicken anyway, so I wasn’t very perturbed when my thoughts turned to cooking and providing sustenance. (quick tip: just replace mince with a variety of beans and lentils and chicken with anything. Everything tastes like chicken anyway)
The most important reason, however, that I choose for Albi and I to follow suit with the boss, I mean Grace, is purely to show support. I think it is vital to not only allow, but to positively support our cherubs through these formative years, when they are exploring the impact their decisions have on themselves and those around them. And let’s face it, more plant based foods in our lives is hardly a negative.
Another positive outcome from this change in our diets so far has been my ability to brute force new and exciting ingredients and meals on the little fusspots. Nothing like the threat of a chunk of dripping steak to get an ethical vegetarian to eat her greens! I think I only have mushrooms and zucchini to go and I’ll be happy with the weekly spectrum we eat.
It has also inspired the inner chef in Grace, who now routinely cooks, bakes and sous-chefs on a regular basis. I still do the oven though; not ready to move house again just yet if this one explodes. And I have enough fun playing nurse to barely perceptible scratches and phantom sprains without a nasty burn thrown in thank you very much.
So as mindbendingly fucked as I thought this journey with vegetarianism would be, I find myself pleasantly surprised at the current state of play.
More importantly, Grace is feeling very supported, loved, understood and encouraged. And just a little bit more grown up 😉
Yesss to plant based diets !! Everyone wins when you eat this way. I haven’t eat red meat since I turned 12 & only occasionally eat birds or fish. Prefer not to. You’re lucky you live in a place where being vego & vegan is common. I love Graces determination.
Whos wagging the tail of the dog! The parent or the child. Be a parent and say this is whats for tea ffs
I also made this decision when I was young and my parents fully supported me. I felt so accepted and loved. I’m so glad my parents understood that I really didn’t want to eat animals, it hurt my heart. Now 26 years later I’m still plant munching and truely grateful to them. A plant based diet is win win for your health, the planet and the animals. You are a super Dad xx
I love you Chris! I think you are doing an awesome job being a dad! We shouldn’t treat children as a second degree citizens… just like we would like to be empowered when we make choices and positive changes in our lives, so we should empower our children when they make choices from their hearts. And this is a moral choice, who are we to prevent any child from answering the call of the heart? Good on you Chris for raising such an amazing daughter like grace
Ha. Building a rod for your own back there chief. I’ve allowed my son to not like one thing. Mushrooms. If he doesn’t want to eat anything else then I tell him he has to now start eating them and any refusal without trying something first is a straight to the naughty spot offence. Yep have dealt with occasional melt down but can honestly say my kids eat basically everything.
Oh don’t worry Andy – what I cook is what’s for dinner; no alternatives. A bit different to supporting a choice to not eat meat on ethical grounds.
I am forever grateful to my parents who, when I announced that I was a vegetarian at age 7, were nothing but encouraging and supportive. You are to be commended Marty. You are a superb Dad who is raising strong minded, well adjusted, caring individuals.
Thanks everyone! Rhonda Daly: There are so many ways that I could respond to your very passionate comments, but I shall refrain from aggression. Suffice to say that I believe my family is a cohesive unit and not a dictatorship. I am educating my children to grow up empowered not enabled, I prefer a light wrapping of tissue paper to cotton wool, my children are filling there own heads with knowledge attained, the only thing wagging it’s tail in our house is our new puppy, and I would like to think my cooking is not far off chef quality on most days!
I spent a few of my teenage yrs (13-15)as a vegetarian. I was gagging if made to eat meat. My nan supported my choice and guess what. By age 16 i was back eating some meat. Good on toy for supporting her choice. A bad choice would be if she only wanted to eat mcdonalds chicken mcnuggets. She has made a hugely healthy choice.
Ho ho. Obviously a very controversial topic. Sure you are doing a great job and kids will be fine. I guess just to watch for iron levels in diet as I know 2 or 3 women who have to be on iron supplements, never any men though. I would flat out refused that request though…..for time being anyway. Don’t know where I heard or read it but picked this up years ago. Be harder and more disciplined and give them less freedom than you want when they are younger and give them more freedom than you want when they are older. I guess around 16 onwards. My interpretation of that is up until they are 16 it’s pure training in how to be a good productive person. From 16 onwards they get 2 years with a safety net in the background to try and put all the training into practice. Obviously this is still all theory for me so far but that’s how I intend to try and get through this single parent lark.
Thanks for the advice mate. I prefer to make the decision process an inclusive one and have the kids learn the consequences of choices they have made. Sure, I provide boundaries and when necessary put the foot down (when it is a case of safety etc), but my two seem to grow and prosper under this style of parenting. I guess it comes down to what works for you in the end – after all, we are all unique individuals with our own ways of learning. Cheers to you Andy, you sound like a great parent!
Empowering kids also empowers you as a Dad. It places everyone on the same page and creates a united front. You are simply an amazing Dad . . . Thank you for the blogs and the inspiration
Hola Amigos: It's almost midnight in my neck of the woods, another work week has come to an end and again by the Grace of The One Above I was able to share my recipes, projects or simply thoughts with you my readers and fellow bloggers!
As some of you, now with kids at home, house chores, summer activities and just trying to keep everybody happy and entertained I've had my hands full! It has been a little difficult to post, catch up with linky parties and most of all answer to all the sweet comments you so kindly take part of your precious time to write on my posts.
This post is for all of you that have stopped by the blog and not gotten your comment answered yet....Thank You! You have no idea how your comments keep me going and bring a smile to my face on days when things are kind of crazy and all you can do is...keep going!
To all of you who are kind enough to invite me to your awesome parties...Thank You...I still can't believe that great bloggers like you want me to hang out and bring my recipes or crafts over and be part of your blog and share my ideas with your readers!
To all the friends I've made through blogging, Thank You! Your support is invaluable, when I see your name on a comment I feel comforted that you are back, like an old friend stopping for a cup of coffee and telling me how her day was. You know who you are...and I know you are smiling and nodding your head as I you read these lines And know that when you don't show up for a while...you are deeply missed! That is what happens when you are in first name basis with someone else..lol!
I just wanted to take a minute to Thank You all for making these my blog a place that I look forward to come at the end of my day and try even harder to create something worthy of all your support and appreciation!
Have a great weekend my friends! Enjoy the company and love of your family and friends. I'm blessed to have you all as part of my world!
What a sweet post! This is one of my favorite blogs to visit, and you are one of my favorite people to talk to, hurrah for blogging! :)
Hi Lizy, This was just lovely. None of us say thank you enough, whether it be to our loved ones, co-workers or blog friends and readers. Your photos, as always, are exquisite and the quotes perfect. Thank you Lizy for your always wonderful posts and yummy recipes. Fondly, Your friend Janet
Thank You Miss Blue! It was only fair to take a minute to thank the people who always bring a bright note to my day and let them know how important they are. Thank you for always been there Janet! Hugs, Lizy
The people and wonderful beauty that surrounds us is here to remind us all world wide in the most unique way!
That was so sweet!! :-) I enjoy your comments because I always feel like you're writing as if you know me outside of the blog world. :-)
Very much enjoyed your post. Getting to know people we might never meet is quite interesting. I enjoy reading blogs so much, get to know about your projects, your families, how your feel about things in your life. It's good to know our comments are read and felt, appreciated. Happy 4th.
Happy 4th to you too! I'm so happy to hear that you enjoyed the post because it was done with all my readers in mind! Your comments are like sparks of light every single time I read one.
Lizy what a wonderful post. I also love coming to your blog.. You are a dear friend and I hope one day we will have the opportunity to sit face to face and have coffee and goodies. For now we will just have cyber coffee. Have a wonderful week. Marlys
Oh I'm looking forward to that meeting Marly's! Can't believe we are so close but so far at the same time, lol..Cyber coffee is always good if it's shared with friends!..
What a great "stop and smell the roses" post. I think it's invaluable to take a minute to appreciate how far we've come as bloggers and the difference it's made in our life to have repeat visitors and supporters in this community. You said it for all of us.
I'm stopping by from Whatever on Wednesdays. I'm loving the pretty gratitude reminders - thanks for sharing! :)
CEO, Designer, Main Chef, and Creative mind behind my busy household, family and newest project, my blog, Just Dip It In Chocolate!
Hola Amigos: Today I'm sharing with you an easy recipe to prepare Plantains! I can't get tired of this delicious and versatile fru...
Hola Amigos: I'm going International for lunch/dinner today and bringing you a favorite take out of mine, Chinese Shrimp Foo Young!, ...
This is the story of Francisco aka "Pancho" our snowman...in Northern Lands he goes by Francis aka "Frank"! Unlike o...
Hola Amigos!Happy Monday! it's a rainy day here today..but I take rain anytime, after all April Showers bring May Flowers right? Love ...
Hola Amigos! A quick and budget friendly craft for kids to give their favorite teacher for this new school year about to start soon. It...
Hola Amigos! I really wanted to make the first post of 2014 memorable! Perhaps an awesome and gooey dessert or a 5 star meal, but after ...
Hola Amigos! Boy do I have a story to tell you! and it all has to do with this particular smoothie! It started on Sept.27 the day of my ...
Hola Amigos! Today sharing a macabre twist on a favorite of most, Meatloaf...one thing though...after today, I'm not quite sure you wi...
Hola Amigos...I'm going a little exotic here! I'm exploring a new dish from an exotic nation in Africa. I'm talking about the ...
Besame, Besame Mucho= I'm not Irish but Kiss Me Anyway Hola Amigos! Happy Wednesday to all. Today I worked on a very quick project...
Watch Full Telugu Movies Dubbed in Hindi online free. Latest Telugu Movies Dubbed in Hindi watch online released in 2016, 2015, 2014.
Get Notified about the latest hits and trends, so that you are always on top of the latest in music when it comes to your friends.
Gaana is the one-stop solution for all your music needs. Gaana offers you free, unlimited access to over 30 million Hindi Songs, Bollywood Music, English MP3 songs, Regional Music & Mirchi Play.
I went to the Ex on a whim last night and the Craft Beer Fest was on. It was $2.50 for 4-5 oz. pours. About 4 beers on offer from about 10 mid-tier Ontario breweries. I got to try stuff from Market Brewing which was really good — their Juicilicious dry-hopped sour stole the show. The event is nice because you can wander around the space with your drink and get food from the trucks. Elsewhere at the CNE (like in the the rest of Ontario) you are penned into a enclosed area whilst consuming your beverage.
Last year I enjoyed the Craft Taps bar near the midway which had a selection of Sawdust City brews. This year the same bar, still named Craft Taps, has a single tap pouring Steam Whistle.
Find us just off Junction 11 M27. Our trade counter is open 9:00am - 5:00pm Monday to Friday and 9:30am to 12:00pm Saturdays except Bank Holidays and over the Christmas holidays.
Civil Engineering UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING MANAGEMENT COMPLIANCE . Basic Allowance for Housing . 6 AFI32-6005 29 JANUARY 2016 1.3.1.4. Ensure utilization rates .. Index of Military Pay Tables from 1949 to the present. . 2016 Military pay charts including BAH, . Pay tables are presented in .pdf (Acrobat) .. . ( . Download CaixaBank Pay . 2016 .. Bah Instruction Download PDF . 2015 Basic Allowance for Housing rates are going up by an average of $54 per . navy bah instruction 2016; .. Armed Forces' Tax Guide . The standard mileage rate for operating your car during 2016 to get medical care or to move is . forms to download forms and publications.. Download Bah Rates 2017 Chart Pdf 2016 bah with dependents basic allowance for housing rates will rise an average of 3.4 percent on jan. 1, .. 2016 bah rates release date . Basic Allowance for Housing Rates are is calculated on local rents in MOODY AFB which is . 2017 Bah Rates Release Date Download PDF.. DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS . tour, the Marine continues to retain the BAH rate for the location of his/her . MCO 7220.56A. proposed 2016 bah rates dependents : Menu. Home . Download PDF. Download Bah calculator defense travel management office .. 2016 Enlisted Basic Military Pay Chart . and capped at the rate of pay for level II of the Executive Schedule in effect during .. Click here to view this item from militarynews.com.. Basic Allowance for Housing Rates are is calculated on local rents in SAN DIEGO which is located in the Military Housing Area CA038.. BAS is a continuation of the military tradition of providing room and board (or rations) as part of a servicemember's pay. Although BAS is meant to offset the cost . b7a6412a8a
Silk Pillowcase (new york city, New York) - For Sale / Clothing, Shoes & Accessories REAL SILK LIFE's pillowcase is specifically designed to keep your hair in place while you sleep. Specially treated with a friction-free finish it allows your hair to easily glide over the pillow surface so that the user awakens with hair still 'beauty sal...
Offer rapid prototyping, CNC machining, rapid tooling & injection molding service (Basildon) - For Sale / Business/Industrial TEAM Rapid is a fast moving and leading rapid prototyping, tooling and low volume manufacturing company. To achieve this goal, we have brought together a group of qualified managers and experienced technicians to make TEAM Rapid into one of the China's fi...
Smok Rolo Badge Replacement Pods - SuorinVape.com (San Francisco, California) - For Sale / Electrical Are you looking to purchase [Smok Rolo Badge Replacement Pods][1] online? If yes, Suorin Vape is one stop online shop for you. Explore a wide range of Suorin Kits & Pods here. We provide free shipping on each retail orders in US. So why are you still ...
Hardware Keylogger - KeyGrabber USB by Keelog	(chicago, Illinois) - For Sale / Electrical "Completely transparent for computer operation, no software or drivers required. Supports national keyboard layouts. Link: http://www.keelog.com/usb-keylogger/ Features -) USB keyboard with built-in hub -) Huge memory capacity (up to 8 gigaby...
Get West Penn Fiber Cables with affordable price (Florida) - For Sale / Electrical West Penn Fiber Cable is well-suited for higher bandwidth application in networking. It ensures superior bandwidth, less signal degradation and far distances installations. Our products are certified under ISO standards and are commonly used in industrial...
Buy Aluminum Garden Urns Planters Online (florida keys, Florida) - For Sale / Appliances Beautifully detailed garden urns and planters are crafted from durable sand-casted aluminum. These are sure to add a touch of class and style to any outdoor living space. Our aluminum garden urns look great unfinished as well. Rust-free and weatherproof y...
MB Sports B52-23 Classic of MB Sports B52 Series By California Skier (California City, California) - For Sale / Business/Industrial California Skier offers the MB Sports B52-23 Classic of B52 Series that is specially designed in the early 90's for wakeboarding enthusiasts demanding more on water. Using unique Deep V Hull, MB Switch System and Quick Fill Ballast make the MB Sports B52 ...
Backpage Athens || Athens backpage (Athens, Georgia) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Backpage Athens is an alternative to Backpage, ibackpage gives best services for buying and selling products. Backpage Athens is very useful for those who want to post ads for their products or services, anyone can post ads on it, and also take the servi...
Buy Baby Plush Toy Finger Puppets (Zanesville, Ohio) - For Sale / Toys Toys Ferry provides 10 pcs/lot Baby Plush Toy Finger Puppets Tell Story Props Animal Doll Hand Puppet Kids Toys. These colorful finger puppets are really perfect to little kids. The parents can buy these finger or hand puppet or can teach their kids about...
High resistivity silicon wafers for sale (California) - For Sale / Electrical Looking for an experienced, dependable Semiconductor product supplier? Waferpro is semiconductor equipment suppliers providing silicon wafers, FZ Wafers, SOI Wafers & Silicon Wafers with many thermal oxide options, including wet, dry, and hybrid growt...
PET Films For packaging (Illinois) - For Sale / Business/Industrial PET or Polyester Film provides excellent scuff, scratch and tear resistance. The film’s co-polymer adhesive creates an excellent bond to a variety of offset printed stocks, including coated sheets and prints with heavy ink coverage. At Cosmo Films, Our ...
Send Authentic Gourmet Christmas Gift Baskets to Boston or Across the USA (canton, Leighton Buzzard) - For Sale / Gifts & Gadgets Delivering an amazingly delicious and premium quality gourmet gift baskets near family and friends at Christmas is a popular and long-followed tradition. Sending **[Christmas gift baskets to Boston][1]** is faster and easier than ever before now with Corp...
Mount Everest - Who Was The First? (North America, Europe and Australia, Basildon) - For Sale / Art/Crafts **[Were Tenzing and Hillary the first to climb Everest?][1]** Do we have our facts right? Who was the first person to climb Everest? Did George Mallory and Andrew Irvine do it before them? How many firsts are there? Do you want to climb Everest? [1...
Mount Everest - Who Was The First? (North America, Europe and Australia, Basildon) - For Sale / Art/Crafts Who was the first person to reach the top of Mount Everest? Most people will say 'Sir Edmund Hillary with Sherpa Tenzing Norgay'. Sir Edmund and Tenzing Norgay certainly did reach the summit of Everest in 1953, but some people believe they may have not...
Customer-Driven Restaurant Delivering Healthy Meals (Florida) - For Sale / Food & Supplies Fresh N Healthy Meals offers 3 different types of meal plans ranging from 100, 50 and weekly plans. Visit our website or dial **407-906-4661** to know the different descriptions to find a plan that works best for your lifestyle! **Address:-** **Fres...
Used insulation trucks for sale at best prices now (Van Wert, Ohio) - For Sale / Business/Industrial If you are willing to buy the used krendl insulation machines of the good quality then you do not have to worry about the prices now. The machines in good working condition are being sold for appropriate prices. Compared to the brand new machine price,...
Custom digital printing fabric wholesale (Victoria, Texas) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Macaloo is a textile printing factory to offer you [digital printing service][1] on kinds of fabric, such as cotton lycra fabric, cotton woven fabric, minky fabric and so on. Use imported digital printing machine and eco certificated ink form EU to [print...
China Personalized Paper Bags Wholesale Supplier (new york city, New York) - For Sale / Clothing, Shoes & Accessories Adopt the GREEN objective for your brand name by distributing [**custom paper bags**][1] to your customers. The paper bags are eco-friendly bags which does not pose any threat to the environment. This has become a very popular bag among every individual f...
Phone parts wholesale | Cell Parts Hub (USA, Texas) - For Sale / Phones With more than twenty years in the business, CellPartsHub.com offers premium quality cell [phone parts wholesale][1] that promise to notch quality! [1]: http://cellpartshub.com/en/
Get a Perfect Makeover Using Quality Makeup Brush Set for Your Skin (USA, Felixstowe) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Make-up brush sets are every makeup artists or makeup lovers must have. A make-up artist will not be able apply makeup correctly without a good [makeup brush sets.][1] Using the right brushes for makeup is a very important part while doing makeup. Using a...
Unique Built in name Plate dog collars (USA, Chelmsford) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Our entire collections of dog collars are thick and strong and the engraving is clear and long-lasting. These are made up of premium coated webbing and high quality hardware. Our personalized dog collars are high quality collars with your dog's name and i...
Get a Perfect Makeover Using Quality Makeup Brush Set for Your Skin (USA, Dunstable) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Make-up brush sets are every makeup artists or makeup lovers must have. A make-up artist will not be able apply makeup correctly without a good makeup brush sets. Using the right brushes for makeup is a very important part while doing makeup. Using an eye...
X men jacket (Bethel, Canvey Island) - For Sale / Clothing, Shoes & Accessories We bring you the [X men jacket][1] from the ever famous Move X-Men. The jacket is made from genuine leather that makes it look much more classy and stylish. [1]: https://www.ultimojackets.com/x-men-origins-wolverine-leather-jacket.html
Hardware Keylogger - AirDrive Keylogger by Keelog (chicago, Illinois) - For Sale / Electrical "The AirDrive Keylogger Max is the most advanced keylogger in the AirDrive Keylogger family, with all the capabilities of the Pro version, enhanced with 8 GB internal memory available as a USB Hi-speed flash drive (480Mbps). Link: http://...
Getting Access to Alkaline Water in San Antonio (Texas) - For Sale / Food & Supplies Tru Balance Water firmly believes that high pH water can help people in staying healthy and better. We have enlisted some of the advantages and details of our packaged water on our website, and our blog has some really relevant topics that will make sense...
The luxe fox - Streetwear & Apparel for everyone (daytona beach, Florida) - For Sale / Clothing, Shoes & Accessories The Luxe Fox (TLF) is an urban streetwear brand. Our mission is to provide clothing and apparel that other major stores are too afraid too at affordable prices. Our unique designs will turn heads and are perfect for people with a good sense of humo...
The luxe fox - Streetwear & Apparel for everyone (montgomery, Alabama) - For Sale / Clothing, Shoes & Accessories The Luxe Fox (TLF) is an urban streetwear brand. Our mission is to provide clothing and apparel that other major stores are too afraid too at affordable prices. Our unique designs will turn heads and are perfect for people with a good sense of humo...
Get top-quality affordable LED lighting solutions from LED Light Expert (California) - For Sale / Electrical A fantastic online light store, LED Light Expert has a wide range of contemporary lights – such as LED corn Bulbs, DLC listed lights, LED Retrofit kit, [**LED High Bay Lights**][1], LED wall pack light and many more. There are replacement kits such as 4...
36v 8A 3 Stage Intelligent Auto Charger (Middleton, California) - For Sale / Appliances 3 Stage fully intelligent Charging. For long term charging. Note: Picture is reference only actual charger may be different This is a replacement **** and also may differ from the original supplied with your buggy. Check this link for more details a...
Pallet stacker conveyor (Florida) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Move your products quickly and more efficiently while ensuring employee safety. KD Equipment provides gravity conveyors, belt conveyors, vertical reciprocating conveyors, zero pressure conveyors and more. For more details visit this: [Pallet stacker conv...
Line shaft conveyor (Florida) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Move your products quickly and more efficiently while ensuring employee safety. KD Equipment provides gravity conveyors, belt conveyors, vertical reciprocating conveyors, zero pressure conveyors and more. [Line shaft conveyor][1] [1]: https://www.k...
Buy Encoder Table for Polar 115XT & 137 Cutter. ZA3.438612 at Shop.PrintersParts (Florida) - For Sale / Business/Industrial Printers Parts & Equipment Parts and Supplies store also known as Shop.PrintersParts collects wide range of Polar Parts & Accessories at our web store. You can buy Encoder Table for Polar 115XT & 137 Cutter. ZA3.438612 at an affordable price....
Klevertek Digital Jewelry Case for High Precision Counting Functions – Available on Amazon Now (Walnut, CA 91789, California) - For Sale / Electrical Klevertek KTK-200S digital jewelry case is known for its highest level precision. Recommended digital pocket scale for weighing medicine materials, jewelry, and gems. Blue Backlit LCD display for easy readability. Tare weight function, pieces counting fun...
12 Volt Timer (USA, Cheshunt) - For Sale / Electrical The 12 Volt timers can be used in a lighting system acting as a switch between a 12volt leisure battery and lighting. The timer is suitable for indoor use, installation and timer setting is quick and easy.
Copyright © 2005 - 2018 Best Free Classified Ads. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Download Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) by Joseph Mayer PDF - Free Book 1
Home » Books Movie Apps » Download Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) by Joseph Mayer PDF
Are you looking for "Printivo"? Check out ryteprint The passionate experts in this field are ready to answer all of your requests.
Rus.tl is a stylish, easy-to-use platform for people who are looking for the most affordable luxury items, including everything from low cost jewelry to the best watches and bags from numerous brand, Cartier, Motblanc, Rolex. Prada and other. Luxury Designers Items Online It offers a wide variety of special counterfeit luxury accessories, the belts, umbrellas, shoes and wallets are also available on Rus.tl, and are just as diverse and stylish as the major items featured on the main page.
Download Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) by Joseph Mayer PDF
Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) PDF
by Joseph Mayer : Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint)
PDF-c14e5 | Excerpt from Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. ANot in music only, but in sister arts, Liverpool took a lead as honourable as surprising. Many towns in England were both larger and richer in 1768; some had greater repute for enterprise, others had powerful patrons. But the establishment of the Royal Academy at London produced its imme diate re… Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint)
Download eBook Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) by Joseph Mayer across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
PDF: Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint)
ePub: Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint)
Doc: Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint)
Follow these steps to enable get access Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint):
Download: Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) PDF
[Pub.75XBJ] Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) PDF | by Joseph Mayer
Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) by by Joseph Mayer
This Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Read Online: Early Exhibitions of Art in Liverpool: With Some Notes for a Memoir of George Stubbs, R. A (Classic Reprint) PDF
Summary. The article, based on archival documents, studies some little-known facts from the history of production of T-34 tanks at the shipyard ‘Krasnoye Sormovo’ in 1941.
This should be used before is called in template files where the user should never have access to the contents of that file.
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the http://hooters.awcsite.info/ website and all content, services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by HOOTERS ("HOOTERS"). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, HOOTERS Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by HOOTERS (collectively, the "Agreement").
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by HOOTERS, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Your http://hooters.awcsite.info/ Account and Site. If you create a blog/site on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and HOOTERS may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause HOOTERS liability. You must immediately notify HOOTERS of any unauthorized uses of your blog, your account or any other breaches of security. HOOTERS will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you operate a blog, comment on a blog, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and web sites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your blog's URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and
you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by HOOTERS or otherwise.
By submitting Content to HOOTERS for inclusion on your Website, you grant HOOTERS a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your blog. If you delete Content, HOOTERS will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, HOOTERS has the right (though not the obligation) to, in HOOTERS sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in HOOTERS reasonable opinion, violates any HOOTERS policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in HOOTERS sole discretion. HOOTERS will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
By selecting a product or service, you agree to pay HOOTERS the one-time and/or monthly or annual subscription fees indicated (additional payment terms may be included in other communications). Subscription payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Payments are not refundable.
Unless you notify HOOTERS before the end of the applicable subscription period that you want to cancel a subscription, your subscription will automatically renew and you authorize us to collect the then-applicable annual or monthly subscription fee for such subscription (as well as any taxes) using any credit card or other payment mechanism we have on record for you. Upgrades can be canceled at any time by submitting your request to HOOTERS in writing.
Fees; Payment. By signing up for a Services account you agree to pay HOOTERS the applicable setup fees and recurring fees. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day your services are established and in advance of using such services. HOOTERS reserves the right to change the payment terms and fees upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you. Services can be canceled by you at anytime on thirty (30) days written notice to HOOTERS.
Support. If your service includes access to priority email support. "Email support" means the ability to make requests for technical support assistance by email at any time (with reasonable efforts by HOOTERS to respond within one business day) concerning the use of the VIP Services. "Priority" means that support takes priority over support for users of the standard or free http://hooters.awcsite.info/ services. All support will be provided in accordance with HOOTERS standard services practices, procedures and policies.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. HOOTERS has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, HOOTERS does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. HOOTERS disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which http://hooters.awcsite.info/ links, and that link to http://hooters.awcsite.info/. HOOTERS does not have any control over those non-HOOTERS websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-HOOTERS website or webpage, HOOTERS does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. HOOTERS disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-HOOTERS websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As HOOTERS asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by http://hooters.awcsite.info/ violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify HOOTERS in accordance with HOOTERS Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy. HOOTERS will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. HOOTERS will terminate a visitor's access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of HOOTERS or others. In the case of such termination, HOOTERS will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to HOOTERS.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from HOOTERS to you any HOOTERS or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with HOOTERS. HOOTERS, http://hooters.awcsite.info/, the http://hooters.awcsite.info/ logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with http://hooters.awcsite.info/, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of HOOTERS or HOOTERS licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any HOOTERS or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements. HOOTERS reserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless you have purchased an ad-free account.
Partner Products. By activating a partner product (e.g. theme) from one of our partners, you agree to that partner's terms of service. You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by de-activating the partner product.
Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), including their Registration Rights and Responsibilities.
Changes. HOOTERS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. HOOTERS may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. HOOTERS may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your http://hooters.awcsite.info/ account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a paid services account, such account can only be terminated by HOOTERS if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from HOOTERS notice to you thereof; provided that, HOOTERS can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is". HOOTERS and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither HOOTERS nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will HOOTERS, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to HOOTERS under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. HOOTERS shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the HOOTERS Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless HOOTERS, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between HOOTERS and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of HOOTERS, or by the posting by HOOTERS of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the Nevada, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Spring Valley, Las Vegas Nevada. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS") by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Spring Valley, Las Vegas Nevada, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; HOOTERS may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Morgan, though certainly no Republican or rightwing partisan, has been friends with Donald Trump for a good many years. And he has no problem in explaining why.
After first pointing out that, according to the latest Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll, President Trump’s approval ratings are higher than Barack Obama’s were at this stage of their presidencies (a little something almost no U.S. media found a reason to report), he says this:
Of course, America’s liberals will respond to the shock poll in the way they respond to all things Trump – with fury, incredulity and by sticking their collective heads in the sand.
All of which will be music to the ears of Trump, a man who absolutely revels in liberal hysteria because he knows it works for him, as this new poll proves.
The more Trump-bashers scream abuse at and about him, the more it fires up his base – and indeed, the more it fires up Trump himself.
Mr. Morgan’s article goes on to point out that the anti-Trump daily hysteria displayed by his enemies has turned off enough moderates/independents to swing things Mr. Trump’s way. It then lists out the prodigious achievements his administration has provided in the less than two years it has been in power. And more.
The one thing I disagree with – and it is an ongoing disagreement with most people who support Trump/other Republicans, is characterizing the anti-Trump people as “liberals”. They are anything but.
Liberals are people open to new and/or different ideas, ways of looking at things, etc. Today’s left is about as tolerant as a hitler youth rally (no, I’m not calling them hitlerian, only comparing their liberality level).
In any case, Piers Morgan wins Paragraphs Of The Day honors, for showing that he understands how Trump operates; in particular, how he exploits the behavior of people who hate him.
In this regard, Piers Morgan displays a level of understanding that clearly escapes most Trump haters, as well as most of our mainstream media (assuming there is any difference between the two).
A podcast series produced by the Water Team at the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).
Emily Rand is a water supply and sanitation specialist at the World Bank, who also teaches about the design, implementation, and evaluation of WASH programs at George Washington University in Washington, DC. In her recent conversation with Global Waters Radio, Rand discusses key findings from recent research produced by the World Bank and UNICEF in the growing public health field of child feces management. She also shares examples of improved caregiver behaviors and programs to promote those behaviors. This podcast was originally published in August 2016.
Canisius Kanangire and Richard Rapier on Strategic Planning for Africa’s Water and Sanitation Sectors September 26, 2018
Jim Peters on Water Improvements in Kenya and the U.S. Government Global Water Strategy March 16, 2018
We'd love you to come and listen to us play! Here is a list of the confirmed events where you can see us. Start times will be updated.
Want to get in contact with us to book us for your event? Then drop us an email at gloucesterbrass@yahoo.co.uk
rendezvous tunbridge wells Offering exceptional thermal efficiency, build quality, and desirable minimalist aesthetics, Üni_Slide can achieve frame sightlines as slim as 20mm, and a slim central interlock, while being able to support sliding panels of up to 3m high and 2.2m wide. The product can be assembled in a limitless run of units, with each panel capable of holding up to 320kg of glass. Fabricated and installed by Dortech Architectural Systems Ltd, Senior’s patented PURe® aluminium folding sliding doors feature as part of a stunning extension to Ms Stephen’s home. Offering slim sightlines that maximise views of the property’s pretty garden, the narrow yet robust aluminium frames of the PURe® doors have been powder-coated to provide an attractive brown finish that further complements and connects with the outdoor space. Founded in 2006, Fenster is one of the West Country’s leading aluminium suppliers. In addition to offering the full range of products from Smarts, the company also manufactures Üni_Slide, an ultra-slim aluminium sliding door, equally suited to commercial and residential applications. Euroglaze trade customers are seeing returns on the company’s ongoing marketing investment, with leads generated now being distributed directly to them. Offering exceptional thermal efficiency, build quality, and desirable minimalist aesthetics, Üni_Slide can achieve frame sightlines as slim as 20mm, and a slim central interlock, while being able to support sliding panels of up to 3m high and 2.2m wide. The product can be assembled in a limitless run of units, with each panel capable of holding up to 320kg of glass.
If an rendezvous reef resort led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.
Kanada tööhõive uudised kaaluvad täna laoniat, kutsudes seda kaubelda segatuna, kuna see kaotab USA dollari suhtes. Kallavad naftahinnad ei aita ka Kanada dollarit.
Since ancient times in Japan, the Magatama has been used as an amulet to ward off evil spirits and for good luck. This traditional amulet has been reproduced with a more modern material; titanium and we have also incorporated it as a necklace.
Etched onto the magatama is an historical character of Buddha (Bonji), which has be utilized for over 1000 years to represent your guardian deity.
Among those experiencing rental payment defaults each year, 9% say its happening two to three times a year, 0.5% once a month (about 2,650 times) and 0.5% more frequently than once a month:
Horizon finds 70% of landlords are managing their own rental properties and 30% are using rental agents.
Asked if they'd be prepared to receive a little less rent each week for that guarantee, 12% say definitely, 32% definitely not.
The results are from a nationwide housing affordability perceptions survey of 1,343 adults, representing 18+ population, conducted by Horizon Research in April 2018. At a 95% confidence level, the maximum margin of error is +/- 2.7%.
From a Roman horse senator to a war that only lasted 38 minutes, here are some facts in history that didn't turn up in your text books.
1. On November 17th of 1952, following the death of Israel's first President, then-Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion offered Albert Einstein to be their country's president. Einstein declined saying he "lacked the natural aptitude and the experience to deal properly with people" to do the job. Source
2. In the 19th century, people wore dentures made from teeth of dead soldiers. These dentures were called "Waterloo Teeth" as many of the teeth were from fallen men of the Battle of Waterloo. Source
4. A giant mushroom in Oregon’s Malheur National Forest has a root system that covers over 2,200 acres. It's considered the largest living organism in the world. Source
5. In 1929, Princeton University researchers claimed that they had turned a living cat into a telephone. Source
7. While Pope Gregory IX was in power, he declared that cats were associated with the devil, so he had them exterminated. Source
8. It’s believed that the disappearance of those cats cats triggered the spread of the bubonic plague, or Black Death, that killed millions of people in the 1300s. Source
9. Russian dictator Joseph Stalin often had photos edited to remove people who had died or been removed from office. Source
12. Former North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il was believed to be a great lover of music. He allegedly composed six operas while he was in office. Source
13. The Leaning Tower of Pisa was never straight to begin with. The foundation started sinking when they started on the second floor. Source
14. Ronald Reagan is best known for being President and a Hollywood, but many doesn't know that he was also a prolific lifeguard who saved 77 people from drowning. Source
15. Researchers believe that the famous Guanajuato Mummies’ terrifying expressions are the result of the victims being buried alive. Source
16. Klerksdorp spheres are have been dug up near Ottosdal in South Africa. These strange spherical objects are billions of years old and no one knows what the markings on their sides are for. Source
17. A famous native American named Blackbird was believed to have loved his horse so much that he was buried sitting on top of it. Source
18. Before there were alarm clocks, there were “knockers-up,” hired to shoot dried peas from a blow gun at people’s windows in order to wake them up in the morning. Source
19. The largest bird to ever exist had a wingspan of almost 20 feet. It lived 60 million years ago. Source
20. Russian mystic Grigori Rasputin reportedly survived being poisoned, shot, and stabbed multiple times before he was finally drowned in the Volga river. Source
21. This mysterious ancient monument has the inscription “DOUOSVAVVM.” Some believe it was inscripted by the Knights Templar as a means of finding the Holy Grail, but no one really knows what it means. Source
22. People in Spain used to empley the Spanish Donkey torture technique before, where victims had to sit high up, straddling a board while torturers tied increasingly heavy weights to their legs. Ouch! Source
23. The Mayans used to sacrifice people by pulling their still-beating hearts out of their chests. Source
24. The use of the word “hooker” as a term for a prostitute originated with Civil War General Joseph Hooker, who brought prostitutes along on campaigns for his men. Source
25. Like many ancient royalty, King Tut’s parents were related by blood. They were actually brother and sister, according to DNA taken from his mummified body. Source
27. During the Great Depression, people starting making clothes out of potato sacks. Seeing this, distributors made their sacks more colorful to help people wear something at least more presentable. Source
Or if you are a UAF student who is in search of that kind of Twin Peaks weirdness that is a specialty of the UAF campus,you need to search out the Theatre UAF Costume,s Shop. If you are coming from off-campus there is an endurance contest we make you go through: you have to park in the mud unpaved Taku parking lot and then ascend the Taku slalom slope which winds up the hill at a steep angle covered in ice…after that you are officially a “guest” on campus.
Once you are at the top you go right, till you see the second set of loading dock doors, the one with the white UAF bear on a blue background, go past that door to the entrance to the right of the bear door, and turn left, and go downstairs into the Twilight Zone, better known as Theatre UAF. If you come from on campus, what you do is go to the Great Hall, go down the stairs on the far left, down a few more and then you see this:
Down, down you go again into this black, graffiti-strewn hall with the glowing white floor. At the end is a temporary wall, beyond which is only a sucking black void (you who have not been there think I’m making this up-I’m not, the building air system makes this creepy howling noise beyond the wall where a former underground tunnel, supposedly partly collapsed, once used to lead to the old Taku stairs). Overcome your fears and stop reading the walls, and go almost to the end of the hall, and look right. If you look closely, you’ll see a doorknob inside the black wall.
This is yet another dark, strange hallway (I swear I think theatre students turn off all but the safety lights, because it makes the backstage area look “cool” and scares the freshmen).
Go forward to the second door on your left, next to the water fountain, and go down the costume shop hallway AKA the Wall of Posters:
This is a file from the Wikimedia Commons. Information from its description page there is shown below.
According to the Republic of Estonia Copyright Act (passed on November 11, 1992; consolidated text May 2006):
1) ideas, images, notions, theories, processes, systems, methods, concepts, principles, discoveries, inventions, and other results of intellectual activities which are described, explained or expressed in any other manner in a work;
3) legislation and administrative documents (acts, decrees, regulations, statutes, instructions, directives) and official translations thereof;
8) ideas and principles which underlie any element of a computer program, including those which underlie its user interfaces.
Hence it is assumed that this image has been released into the public domain. However, in some instances the use of this image might be regulated by other laws.
current 00:21, 8 May 2016 990 × 630 (253 bytes) Geagea Editing SVG source code using User:Rillke/SVGedit.js; upload handled by User:Rillke/MwJSBot.js
00:20, 8 May 2016 990 × 630 (250 bytes) Geagea Editing SVG source code using User:Rillke/SVGedit.js; upload handled by User:Rillke/MwJSBot.js
23:10, 23 February 2016 990 × 630 (255 bytes) SvenEst Reverted to version as of 12:13, 15 October 2015 (UTC)
23:09, 23 February 2016 990 × 630 (7 KB) SvenEst Updated the shade of blue because the last one was too neon and is not used anywhere. Based on the HEX specified by the Government Office.
18:07, 9 January 2010 990 × 630 (302 bytes) Zscout370 I kept the blue from that source, but I am noticing they did screw up on the black (Pantone has 1E1E1E for Process Black).
More than 100 pages use this file. The following list shows the first 100 pages that use this file only. A full list is available.
This file contains additional information, probably added from the digital camera or scanner used to create or digitize it.
If the file has been modified from its original state, some details may not fully reflect the modified file.
Thanks to the convenience of our online file transfer module, there's no need to make a special trip just to deliver a file. You can easily send a file from your computer in a matter of minutes.
Just enter your information below, click submit, and we'll send you an e-mail to confirm that we've received it. It's that easy.
Please provide information about the file you are sending. Include what application you used to create the file.
Click on the "Browse"/"Choose File" button below to select a file on your computer. After you've selected the file, click the "Send File" to transfer your file to us. Please use WinZip (.zip) or StuffIt (.sitx) to compress the file before you send it. If you do not have compression software installed, visit the Software Downloads area in Resources & Support for additional information.
The French cruiser Amiral Rigault de Genouilly was slightly damaged by American gunfire during the battle.
The Bombardment of San Juan, or the First Battle of San Juan, on 12 May 1898 was an engagement between United States Navy warships and the Spanish fortifications of San Juan, Puerto Rico. It was the first major action of the Puerto Rican Campaign during the Spanish–American War.
Their mission was to intercept the Spanish Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete and his fleet steaming from the Cape Verde Islands to the Antilles. American commanders believed the Spanish fleet was steaming for Puerto Rico. With this understanding, Sampson set steam from Key West and lifted anchor at about noon on 2 May, for the Spanish province. The Fleet reached Cape Haitien, Haiti, on 8 May, where Rear Admiral Sampson telegraphed Washington to report updates and await for further instructions. Sampson intended to destroy the Spanish squadron and then move on to attack San Juan's castles, forts and batteries.
On 8 May, in San Juan Bay, the USS Yale captured the Spanish cargo ship Rita. The Americans installed a prize crew and sent the cargo vessel to Charleston, South Carolina. The following day, a Spanish auxiliary cruiser, name unknown, and Yale fought a minor battle off San Juan. The Spanish auxiliary cruiser was much better armed, which led to Yale, fleeing shortly after the commencement of the engagement. The next day, on May 10, Yale returned to San Juan Bay and briefly exchanged fire with Fort San Cristobal, with little effect.
Finally on 11 May, a day away from Puerto Rico and after receiving no new information about the Spanish fleet, William Sampson boarded Detroit and issued his orders. Detroit was to lead the U.S. battle line up San Juan's bay, their orders where to initiate a bombardment of the enemy positions if fired upon. Sampson also transferred his flag to Iowa.
The next morning at 05:00, Detroit proceeded with leading the American battle line. Steaming far up into the bay, initially no Spanish shots were fired on the approaching U.S. fleet. Which allowed the American ships to reach the tip of the bay in full view of San Juan's harbor. Commander Sampson, feeling his warships were steaming too close to the enemy held city, ordered his ships to stop. Despite these orders, Detroit steamed forward, which prompted the other U.S. ships to follow.
After failing to stop his vessels, Sampson ordered Iowa to train her guns on the nearest enemy stronghold, the Morro castle. This was only a ruse though; Iowa fired one shot into the water and the Spanish, believing they had been fired on, returned a salvo from their battery which failed to score a direct hit. Iowa fired again with a massive broadside which reportedly blew away a large portion of the castle.
Rough seas and high winds meant that both American and Spanish rounds were being blown off target, which resulted in a severe disadvantage for the American and Spanish gunners. Several shots ended up falling on San Juan houses and other buildings. The rough seas made the U.S. ships wobble back and forth, disallowing the sailors a steady platform to fire from, this also attributed to stray rounds. At least one shell struck the 16th-century San José Church.
All the damaged civilian structures were adjacent to Morro castle, which meant that any round failing to hit the castle would most likely hit the town accidentally. The U.S. warships maneuvered in circular motions, firing from both their port and starboard guns. Once Morro seemed to be considerably damaged, Sampson ordered his fleet to begin bombarding Fort San Cristóbal, the Spanish Ballaja Barracks, a small 3.4-acre (14,000 m2) sea fort, El Cañuelo, which appears from Spanish records to have been unarmed and unoccupied, and a battery known as San Carlos.
The American ships were reported to be so close to the Spanish positions that their infantry were in able range to fire on the U.S. warships. However, none of their small arms were capable of inflicting serious damage on the modern steel vessels. A French cruiser—the Amiral Rigault de Genouilly—sat in San Juan's harbor, along with three small Spanish gunboats. Two of the gunboats were most likely the General Concha and Ponce de Leon. Possibly to avoid an international crisis with France, no major American attack was made on the Spanish gunboats as they were quite close to Amiral Rigault de Genouilly.
Still, a few shots that did go in that direction damaged to the French cruiser's smoke stack and rigging. Apparently neither the French nor Spanish ships responded returned fire towards the Americans. From 05:00–08:00, Sampson's fleet fired their guns, while receiving light damage on only two ships, New York and Iowa.
At 08:00, Sampson instructed his ships to cease firing due to the lack of Spanish return fire. The crew of the monitor Terror failed to understand these orders and they continued the bombardment solo until 08:30.
The only U.S. sailor killed in action served aboard the New York; three others were slightly wounded aboard Iowa. Amphitrite suffered one gunner's mate killed of heat exposure while occupying one of the barbettes. After the battle, the commanding Spanish Military Governor, Manuel Macías y Casado, confirmed that two of his troops were killed while manning the few different batteries and another 34 injured. Civilian casualties were five killed and 18 wounded. Most of the Puerto Rican civilians had fled their city at the sound of the first salvo. The number of refugees was reportedly so large that San Juan's streets were almost deserted, with the exception of the several hundred strong Spanish garrison.
The U.S. Navy had more and larger guns than the Spanish. The battleships, cruisers and monitors carried four 13", four 12", eight 10", twelve 8", and four 6" guns, in addition to many smaller pieces. Fort San Cristobal had two 150mm (5.9") Ordóñez guns and two 240mm (9.45") Ordóñez howitzers, Castillo San Felipe del Morro, which apparently fired the first shot, had five 150mm Ordóñez guns and two 240mm Ordóñez howitzers, the San Antonio battery had four 150mm Ordóñez guns, the San Fernando Battery had four muzzleloading 210mm (8.3") sunchado (or zunchado, meaning banded), howitzers, the Santa Elena battery had three more, the San Agustin battery had three almost as obsolete 150mm sunchado guns, and the Santa Teresa battery had three 150mm Ordóñez guns. The Navy fired 1,362 shells whereas the Spanish fired only 441 rounds.
The U.S. fleet steamed, or sailed in some cases, back to the Havana, Cuba, blockade. On May 18, Sampson learned that Admiral Cervera's force had sailed to Santiago de Cuba.
This article includes a list of references, related reading or external links, but its sources remain unclear because it lacks inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (December 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Hermann Joseph Muller (December 21, 1890 – April 5, 1967) was an American geneticist, educator, and Nobel laureate best known for his work on the physiological and genetic effects of radiation (mutagenesis) as well as his outspoken political beliefs.[2] Muller frequently warned of long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear war and nuclear testing, which resulted in greater public scrutiny of these practices.
Muller was born in New York City, the son of Frances (Lyons) and Hermann Joseph Muller, Sr., an artisan who worked with metals. Muller was a third-generation American whose father's ancestors were originally Catholic and came to the United States from Koblenz.[3] His mother's family was of mixed Jewish (descended from Spanish and Portuguese Jews) and Anglican background, and had come from Britain.[3][4] Among his first cousins are Herbert J. Muller and Alfred Kroeber whose daughter is Ursula Le Guin.[3] As an adolescent, he attended a Unitarian church and considered himself a pantheist; in high school he became an atheist. He excelled in the public schools. At 16 he entered Columbia College. From his first semester he was interested in biology; he became an early convert of the Mendelian-chromosome theory of heredity — and the concept of genetic mutations and natural selection as the basis for evolution. He formed a Biology Club and also became a proponent of eugenics; the connections between biology and society would be his perennial concern. Muller earned a B.A. degree in 1910.[5]
Muller remained at Columbia (the pre-eminent American zoology program at the time, thanks to E. B. Wilson and his students) for graduate school. He became interested in the Drosophila genetics work of Thomas Hunt Morgan's fly lab after undergraduate bottle washers Alfred Sturtevant and Calvin Bridges joined his Biology Club. In 1911-1912, he studied metabolism at Cornell University, but remained involved with Columbia. He followed the drosophilists as the first genetic maps emerged from Morgan's experiments, and joined Morgan's group in 1912 (after two years of informal participation).[6]
In the fly group, Muller's contributions were primarily theoretical: explanations for experimental results and ideas and predictions for new experiments. In the emerging collaborative culture of the drosophilists, however, credit was assigned based on results rather than ideas; Muller felt cheated when he was left out of major publications.[7]
In 1914, Julian Huxley offered Muller a position at the recently founded William Marsh Rice Institute, now Rice University; he hurried to complete his Ph.D. degree and moved to Houston for the beginning of the 1915-1916 academic year (his degree was issued in 1916). At Rice, Muller taught biology and continued Drosophila lab work. In 1918, he proposed an explanation for the dramatic discontinuous alterations in Oenothera larmarckiana that were the basis of Hugo de Vries's theory of mutationism: "balanced lethals" allowed the accumulation of recessive mutations, and rare crossing over events resulted in the sudden expression of these hidden traits. In other words, de Vries's experiments were explainable by the Mendelian-chromosome theory. Muller's work was increasingly focused on mutation rate and lethal mutations. In 1918, Morgan—short-handed because many of his students and assistants were drafted for the U.S. entry into World War I—convinced Muller to return to Columbia to teach and to expand his experimental program.[8]
At Columbia, Muller and his collaborator and longtime friend Edgar Altenburg continued the investigation of lethal mutations. The primary method for detecting such mutations was to measure the sex ratios of the offspring of female flies. They predicted the ratio would vary from 1:1 due to recessive mutations on the X chromosome, which would be expressed only in males (who lacked the functional allele on a second X chromosome). Muller found a strong temperature dependence in mutation rate, leading him to believe that spontaneous mutation was the dominant mode (and to initially discount the role of external factors such as ionizing radiation or chemical agents). In 1920, Muller and Altenburg coauthored a seminal paper in Genetics on "modifier genes" that determine the size of mutant Drosophila wings. In 1919, Muller made the important discovery of a mutant (later found to be a chromosomal inversion) that appeared to suppress crossing-over, which opened up new avenues in mutation rate studies. However, his appointment at Columbia was not continued; he accepted an offer from the University of Texas and left Columbia after the summer of 1920.[9]
Muller taught at The University of Texas from 1920 until 1932. Soon after returning to Texas, he married mathematics professor Jessie Marie Jacobs, whom he had courted previously. In his early years at Texas, Muller's Drosophila work was slow going; the data from his mutation rate studies were difficult to interpret. In 1923, he began using radium and X-rays,[10] but the relationship between radiation and mutation was difficult to measure because such radiation also sterilized the flies. In this period, he also became involved with eugenics and human genetics. He carried out a study of twins separated at birth that seemed to indicate a strong hereditary component to I.Q. Muller was critical of the new directions of the eugenics movement (such as anti-immigration), but was hopeful about the prospects for positive eugenics.[11] In 1932, at the Third International Eugenics Congress, Muller gave a speech and stated "eugenics might yet perfect the human race but only in a society consciously organized for the common good.[12]
1926 marked the beginning of a series of major breakthroughs. Beginning in November, Muller carried out two experiments with varied doses of X-rays, the second of which used the crossing over suppressor stock ("ClB") he had found in 1919. A clear, quantitative connection between radiation and lethal mutations quickly emerged. Muller's discovery created a media sensation after he delivered a paper entitled "The Problem of Genetic Modification" at the Fifth International Congress of Genetics in Berlin; it would make him one of the better known public intellectuals of the early 20th century. By 1928, others had replicated his dramatic results, expanding them to other model organisms such as wasps and maize. In the following years, he began publicizing the likely dangers of radiation exposure in humans (such as physicians who frequently operate X-ray equipment).[13]
His lab grew quickly, but it shrank again following the onset of the Great Depression. Especially after the stock market crash, Muller was increasingly pessimistic about the prospects of capitalism. Some of his visiting lab members were from the USSR, and he helped edit and distribute an illegal leftist student newspaper, The Spark. It was a difficult period for Muller both scientifically and personally: his marriage was falling apart, and he was increasingly dissatisfied with his life in Texas. Meanwhile, the waning of the eugenics movement, ironically hastened by his own work pointing to the previously ignored connections between environment and genetics, meant that his ideas on the future of human evolution had reduced impact in the public sphere.[14]
In September 1932, Muller moved to Berlin to work with the Russian expatriate geneticist Nikolay Timofeeff-Ressovsky, a trip intended as a limited sabbatical stretched into an eight-year, five-country journey. In Berlin, he met two physicists who would later be significant to the biology community: Niels Bohr and Max Delbrück. The Nazi movement was precipitating the rapid emigration of scientific talent from Germany, and Muller was particularly opposed to the politics of National Socialism. But the FBI was investigating Muller because of his involvement with The Spark, so he chose instead to go to the Soviet Union (an environment better suited to his political beliefs). In 1933, Muller and his wife reconciled, and she and their son David E. Muller moved with Hermann to Leningrad. There, at the Institute of Genetics, he imported the basic equipment for a Drosophila lab—including the flies—and set up shop. The Institute was moved to Moscow in 1934, and Muller and his wife were divorced in 1935.[15]
In the USSR, Muller supervised a large and productive lab, and organized work on medical genetics. Most of his work involved further explorations of genetics and radiation. There he completed his eugenics book, Out of the Night, the main ideas of which dated to 1910.[16] By 1936, however, Joseph Stalin's repressive policies and the rise of Lysenkoism was making the USSR an increasingly problematic place to live and work. Muller and much of the Russian genetics community did what they could to oppose Trofim Lysenko and his Larmarckian evolutionary theory, but Muller was soon forced to leave the Soviet Union after Stalin read a translation of his eugenics book and was "displeased by it, and...ordered an attack prepared against it."[17]
Muller—with about 250 strains of Drosophila—moved to Edinburgh in September 1937, after a brief stay in Madrid and Paris. In 1938, with war on the horizon, he began looking for a permanent position back in the United States. He also began courting Dorothea "Thea" Kantorowicz, a German refugee; they were married in May 1939. The Seventh International Congress on Genetics was held in Edinburgh later that year; Muller wrote a "Geneticists' Manifesto"[18] in response to the question: "How could the world's population be improved most effectively genetically?" He also engaged in a debate with the perennial genetics gadfly Richard Goldschmidt over the existence of the gene, for which there remained little direct physical evidence.[19]
When Muller returned to the United States in 1940, he took an untenured research position at Amherst College, in the department of Otto C. Glaser. After the U.S. entry into World War II, his position was extended indefinitely and expanded to include teaching. His Drosophila work in this period focused on measuring the rate of spontaneous (as opposed to radiation-induced) mutations. Muller's publication rate decreased greatly in this period, from a combination of lack of lab workers and experimentally challenging projects. However, he also worked as an adviser in the Manhattan Project (though he did not know that was what it was), as well as a study of the mutational effects of radar. Muller's appointment was ended after the 1944–1945 academic year, and despite difficulties stemming from his socialist political activities, he found a position as professor of zoology at Indiana University.[20] Here, he lived in a Dutch Colonial Revival house in Bloomington's Vinegar Hill neighborhood.[21]
In 1946 Muller was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, "for the discovery that mutations can be induced by x-rays". Genetics, and especially the physical and physiological nature of the gene, was becoming a central topic in biology, and X-ray mutagenesis was a key to many recent advances, among them George Beadle and Edward Tatum's work on Neurospora that established in 1941 the one gene-one enzyme hypothesis.[22] In Muller's Nobel Prize lecture he argued that there was no threshold dose of radiation that did not produce mutagenesis, which led to the adoption of the linear no-threshold model of radiation on cancer risks.[23]
The Nobel Prize, in the wake of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, focused public attention on a subject Muller had been publicizing for two decades: the dangers of radiation. In 1952, nuclear fallout became a public issue; since Operation Crossroads, more and more evidence had been leaking out about radiation sickness and death caused by nuclear testing. Muller—and many other scientists—pursued an array of political activities to defuse the threat of nuclear war. With the Castle Bravo fallout controversy in 1954, the issue became even more urgent.[citation needed] In 1955 Muller was one of eleven prominent intellectuals to sign the Russell-Einstein Manifesto, the upshot of which was the first 1957 Pugwash Conference on Science and World Affairs, which addressed the control of nuclear weapons.[24][25] He was a signatory (with many other scientists) of the 1958 petition to the United Nations, calling for an end to nuclear weapons testing, which was initiated by the Nobel Prize-winning chemist Linus Pauling.[24]
It has however been argued that Muller's opinions on the effect of radiation on mutagenesis were not supported by studies on the survivors of the atomic bombings, or in research on mice.[26] Some scientists have criticized the approach of Muller; Geneticist James F. Crow called Muller's view "alarmist" and wrote that it created in the public "an irrational fear of low-level radiation relative to other risks".[27][28] It is also argued that he was familiar with another study that directly contradicted the linear no-threshold model he supported, leading to a charge in 2011 that Muller misled the public as to the then-current data available and that would have an effect on the formulation of policy that favored his model.[23]
Muller was awarded the Linnean Society of London's Darwin-Wallace Medal in 1958 and the Kimber Genetics Award of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 1955.[29] He served as president of the American Humanist Association from 1956 to 1958.[30] The American Mathematical Society selected him as its Gibbs Lecturer for 1958.[31] He retired in 1964.[32]
H. J. Muller and science fiction writer Ursula Le Guin were second cousins; his father (Hermann J. Muller Sr.) and her father's mother (Johanna Muller Kroeber) were siblings, the children of Nicholas Müller, who immigrated to the United States in 1848, and at that time dropped the umlaut from his name. Another cousin was Herbert J. Muller, whose grandfather Otto was another son of Nicholas and a sibling of Hermann Sr. and Johanna.[33]
Muller is survived by his daughter, Helen J. Muller, now a professor emerita at the University of New Mexico, who has a daughter, Mala Htun. His son, David E. Muller, a professor emeritus of mathematics and computer science at the University of Illinois and at New Mexico State University, died in 2008 in Las Cruces, New Mexico. David's mother was Jessie Jacobs Muller Offermann, Hermann's first wife. Helen's mother was Dorothea Kantorowicz Muller, Hermann's second wife.[3]
^ "The Eugenics Crusade What's Wrong with Perfect?". PBS. October 16, 2018. Retrieved November 4, 2018. There is no scientific basis for the conclusion that the socially lower class have genetically inferior intellectual equipment. Certain slum districts of our cities are factories for criminality among those who happen to be born in them. Under these circumstances, it is society, not the individual, which is the real criminal and which stands to be judged. Eugenics might yet perfect the human race but only in a society consciously organized for the common good.
^ Carlson, Genes, Radiation, and Society, pp 204-234; quotation from p 233, correspondence from Muller to Julian Huxley, March 9, 1937
^ "Hermann Muller and Mutations in Drosophila". U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Scientific and Technical Information. Archived from the original on 2 February 2015.
International Court of Justice advisory opinion on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons
Johann von Staupitz, O.S.A. (c. 1460 – 28 December 1524) was a Catholic theologian, university preacher,[1] and Vicar General of the Augustinian friars in Germany, [2] who supervised Martin Luther during a critical period in his spiritual life. Martin Luther himself remarked, "If it had not been for Dr. Staupitz, I should have sunk in hell."[citation needed] Although he remained Catholic, died as a Benedictine monk and had repudiated the Reformation, he is commemorated on 8 November as a priest in the Calendar of Saints of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.
Staupitz was born in Motterwitz around 1460. Descended from an old Saxon family of Czech origin (ze Stupic),[3] he matriculated in the year 1485 and was accepted into the Augustinian order of friars in Munich before being posted to Tübingen, where he was eventually promoted to the rank of prior. In 1500, Staupitz was made a Doctor of Theology and in 1503 he was elected to the post of Vicar general of the German Congregation of Augustinians.[4] He was also made dean of the theology faculty at the new University of Wittenberg when it was founded in 1502. In 1512, while in his fifties, Staupitz resigned his professorship and relocated to the southern part of Germany, resigning his vicar-generalship officially in 1520. In 1522 he accepted an offer from the Benedictines inviting him to join their order, becoming Abbot of St Peter's in Salzburg.
As Augustinian Superior, Staupitz first met Martin Luther at Erfurt in April 1506.[citation needed] A young friar plagued by persistent thoughts of spiritual inadequacy, Luther felt compelled to confess to Staupitz everything sinful he had ever done. At least once, Luther spent six hours confessing to Staupitz, who responded to the young man's doubts by counselling him on the Means of Grace and on salvation through the blood of Christ. He also commanded Luther to pursue a more academic career, hoping it would provide a distraction from his recurrent theological brooding.[citation needed]
In 1518 after Luther was declared a heretic,[citation needed] Staupitz was appointed promagister of the Augustinian order to plead in protest with Luther, discussing the issue of indulgences in great detail. Staupitz is sometimes categorized as a forerunner of Luther, although his actual words indicate a man driven by anxious suspicions and an encouraging desire to understand Luther's objections.[citation needed] Staupitz perceived Luther's complaints as questions against clerical abuses, rather than as fundamental disputes of dogma. Ultimately, Staupitz released Martin Luther from the Augustinian order, preserving the good name of the order while simultaneously giving Luther freedom to act. His connection with Luther's views was now sealed, and in 1520 Pope Leo X demanded an abjuration and revocation of heresy from Staupitz. He refused to revoke, on the grounds that he had never asserted Luther's heresies himself, but he did abjure and recognize the Pontiff as his judge. Staupitz was no Lutheran, but was thoroughly Catholic in matters of faith, especially as regards the freedom of the will, the meritoriousness of good works, and justification, which has been established by Paulus from the writings of Staupitz. However, Luther perceived his abjuration as a betrayal. In his last letter to Luther in 1524 Staupitz made it clear he was bitter about the direction of the Reformation and its seemingly willful destruction of the unity of the Christian Church[citation needed].
Staupitz also wrote theological works on the topics of predestination, faith, and love. In 1559, Pope Paul IV added these texts to the Index of Prohibited Books, seeing them as perhaps compromised by the friendly relations between Staupitz and Luther during Luther's earlier years.[citation needed]
Staupitz died in 1524 at St Peter's Archabbey, Salzburg, where he had become a monk in 1522, rising quickly to the post of abbot. He is now celebrated in the Lutheran liturgical calendar.
keywestlou Mr. President, get back to work! The best cure for problems is to bury yourself in your work. Even where work is one of the problems.
The kids from Parkland’s Douglas High School are tough. The buck stops with them! They appear committed to bringing the gun issue to a head.
It was announced yesterday that the President plans listening sessions this week with students and teachers. The announcement did not say what students and teachers.
Those from Douglas High School where 17 were killed? I doubt it. The students would make him look foolish. For two reasons. First, from the mouth of children comes truth. Second, the students know bullshit when they hear it.
I do not believe it will occur, however. A losing proposition for Trump. He would come out of it looking bad.
I believe that where ever and with whom ever the listening sessions will be held will be from another area. Trump will be working at rigging the meeting.
Staying with the Douglas High School shooting a moment longer, there is a need for blood. O negative.
Enough blood was available to care for the injured victims. The supply is now tapped out. A request has gone forth to anyone who should wish to donate to help replenish O negative. Instructions direct traveling to their usual donation sites to give.
Levi Patterson coaches a 9 and under baseball team in Nesoho, Missouri. Third graders. The team needs to raise money. The father of one of the players sells guns. He donated an AR-15 rifle for a raffle prize.
Coach Patterson sees no problem with the AR-15 being used. He believes people think differently about guns in his area. In effect, the AR-15 is ok.
Tyler Tannahill is a Kansas Congressional candidate. A month ago, he decided to have a giveaway contest. Someone to win an AR-15 rifle.
Douglas occurred last week. Tannahill refuses to withdraw the AR-15 as the prize. He is a passionate defender of gun rights.
Sometimes we see the same person over a period of several years and yet never get to know their names, etc. Always a smile and cheerful hello in passing.
My photo and announcement of Irma and I covered the front page of KONK Life last week. The concierge called out to me yesterday morning by name. She said she had not known it before, but had seen my pic and read the article. Told me she has begun reading my blog.
Her name, Toni Tarracino. Last name sound familiar? She is one of the daughters of now deceased Captain Tony. Key West Mayor, saloon keeper, icon, etc. Toni proudly told me she is known as Little Toni.
My day began with the stop at the Marriott Beachside. Followed by a business lunch at the Geiger Key Marina. At noon, hardly a seat. No question the season has arrived.
Back to my home. I had no hot water. A two day wait for a plumber. Called a friend who stopped over. Problem resolved in 15 minutes. After two days and three cold showers, it was a pleasure later in the afternoon to enjoy a hot one.
Ran into Jenna Stauffer. A love of my life for 10 years. Jenna was the producer for the TV show I did for three years. She was all bubbly and excited. Just returned from Paris.
Also ran into June Hudson. A couple of years since we have seen each other. Unchanged. Charming and lovely.
Stopped at Tavern ‘n Town for a late dinner. A rack of lamb. Nothing else. Diet still holding at 19 pounds.
The iguanas are not native. They started their invasion about 15 years ago. Now, all over the island.
All of a sudden, the State has become aware there is an iguana problem. Don’t know where the State has been. However the State does not wish them killed. The State has scheduled clinics to advise how to capture and arrange for their removal to another part of the State.
A State representative said, “We do not know the extent of the threat.” Live here and you will know. They are all over the place.
The State should recall how it handled the python invasion. Too little, too late. Now number in excess of 1 million. They can only be controlled, not eradicated.
We strive to maintain the strong customer service required by the energy industries. Direct contact with dispatch allows for continuous communication to ensure safe and reliable delivery. Whether it's a single load, or an entire plant relocation, we are not only qualified, but dedicated to each and every load regardless of the distance. As the oilfield industry continues to evolve, we understand and commit to the necessity to acquaint with and adhere to new regulations.
Benoît Fontaine et al. recently published a study concluding that average lag time between a species being discovered and subsequently described is 21 years.
With a biodiversity crisis that predicts massive extinctions and a shelf life that will continue to reach several decades, taxonomists will increasingly be describing from museum collections species that are already extinct in the wild, just as astronomers observe stars that vanished thousands of years ago.
This is a conclusion that merits more investigation, especially as the title of the paper suggests there is an appalling lack of efficiency (or resources) in the way we decsribe biodiversity. So, with interest I looked at the Supplemental Information for the data:
I was hoping to see the list of the 600 species chosen at random, the publication containing their original description, and the date of their first collection. Instead, all we have is a description of the methods for data collection and analysis. Where is the data? Without the data I have no way of exploring the conclusions, asking additional questions. For example, what is the distribution of date of specimen collection in each species? One could imagine situations where a number of specimens are recently collected, prompting recognition and description of a new species, and as part of that process rummaging through the collections turns up older, unrecognised members of that species. Indeed, if it takes a certain number of specimens to describe a species (people tend to frown upon descriptions based on single specimens) perhaps what we are seeing is the outcome of a sampling process where specimens of new species are rare, they take a while to accumulate in collections, and the distribution of collection dates will have a long tail.
These are the sort of questions we could have if we had the data, but the authors don't provide that. The worrying thing is that we are seeing a number of high-visibility papers that potentially have major implications for how we view the field of taxonomy but which don't publish their data. Another recent example is:
Stay up to date on Hardstyle and Hardcore parties, releases, free/unreleased tracks, DJ mixes, how to produce and much more. International Hardstyle forum
Hi, i am going to order a trip to krakow with my friends. and we are arriving saturday and leaving monday. I am were wondering when the clubs/pubs close at sunday-monday. Will it be a lot of people out on sunday or are sunday completely dead in poland?
No day is completely dead in Poland, trust me. Im sure you will find... an interesting populace at night
hospital style shower curtain rods privacy march,hospital bed curtain rods style shower privacy curtains room panel wall partition system for,hospital shower curtain rods style curved for bed decorate the house with beautiful curtains,hospital shower curtain rods window elegant bay tracks flexible privacy ceiling,hospital privacy curtain rods mounted a curtains ceiling curved,hospital style shower curtain rods ceiling tracks also with track system bed,hospital privacy curtain rods shower ceiling track suspended,hospital bed curtain rods shower curved signature hardware,hospital bed curtain rods style shower track rod large size of depot drop ceiling,hospital style shower curtain rods tracks ceiling also track within plan curved.
The following is an adaptation of a speech given yesterday at The Applied Green conference by Michael Johnson (of the London-based design company johnson banks).
Intralytix, Inc. announced that it received $17.5 million in new equity funding from Lesaffre, a French family group. This investment marks the beginning of a close collaboration between both companies to develop and commercialize bacteriophage-based products, for various benefits in human health and in other areas of mutual interest.
As a global key player in yeasts and fermentation, Lesaffre designs, manufactures and markets innovative solutions for baking, food taste & pleasure, health care, and biotechnology. This new investment is perfectly in line with Lesaffre's ongoing expansion strategy in nutrition and health. In 2015, Lesaffre had already announced the investment in Gnosis, an Italian company specialized in ingredients for the pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, cosmetic and veterinary industries.
Alexander Sulakvelidze, Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer of Intralytix commented: "We are delighted to have partnered with Lesaffre. This investment solidifies Intralytix's position as the leader in the field of bacteriophage research and commercialization, and allows us to strengthen the company infrastructure by enhancing our already superb R&D programs, adding high throughput robotic technologies, and expanding our state-of-the-art phage production capabilities."
Antoine Baule, Lesaffre's CEO, added "We believe that bacteriophage technology, mastered by Intralytix, offers an exciting platform for developing various antimicrobial products that will help reduce antibiotic resistance. Intralytix is the leader in this field, and we look forward to working with their teams, developing new phage-based products and technologies and making them available to benefit customers worldwide."
"We are pleased to partner with Lesaffre and to engage in the development of a series of novel bacteriophage-based products" remarked John Woloszyn, Intralytix's CEO. "Phage-based products, when properly formulated and manufactured, provide a safe, effective and all-natural way to help maintain healthy microbiota. We believe that our collaboration with Lesaffre will significantly enhance and expedite product development and will ultimately benefit hundreds of thousands of people worldwide".
As a global key player in yeasts and fermentation, Lesaffre designs, manufactures and markets innovative solutions for baking, food taste & pleasure, health care and biotechnology. Family group born in northern France in 1853, now a multi-national and a multicultural company, Lesaffre is committed to working with confidence to better nourish and protect the planet. In close collaboration with its clients and partners, Lesaffre employs 9,500 people in more than 70 subsidiaries, based in about 40 countries.
Intralytix, Inc. is a privately-held company headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland. The company is the world's leader in bacteriophage technology, and was the first company in the world to receive FDA-approval for a phage-based product for food safety applications. Intralytix currently has the largest portfolio in the world of phage-based products in commercial markets. The company holds several bacteriophage technology-related patents, including two U.S. patents (and additional patents pending) for fine-tuning human or animal microbiome by using bacteriophages to reduce or eliminate bacterial colonization.
(Calcutta Medical College-CMC) MD. (All India Institute of Medical. Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com Amazon. Amazon problems and any website outage will depend on the service you are using, especially considering Amazon has a number of services on offer. PLANETROMEO - The best dating amp; social network for gay guys - for Web, iOS amp; Android. Join now. The fast and free way to find local fuck buddies near you. Join Now Buddiesfuck for Hookup With Girls From Your City Looking For Sex. Hometown Bar-B-Que opened in Red Hook, Brooklyn, in September 2013. We specialize in authentic, pit-smoked meats prepared in the classic Southern technique of … -Vladimir Osipovič Michněvič, Naši znakomje1884 XXXFreeGallery. net - huge database of hard picked porn videos in tube format. The most popular XXX videos from the most popular porn tubes. Watch daily updated porn most popular dating site in malaysia. Make Free Kundli Online or Free MatchMaking with Predictions and Remedies. ALSO See Hindu Panchang,Love Horoscopes,Sunsigns Reports Fuck Tube - is rmotional good for first-timers emotional maturity dating sex experts. Our big dating birthday gift ideas 18 Year Emotional maturity dating Sex Tube has hook up style.com many vicious categories of thrilling 18 Year Old Porn Videos. Yeh Rishta Kya Emotional maturity dating Hai 26th September 2017 Written Episode, Written Update on TellyUpdates. com The Episode starts with the old man telling everyone abo Layla Young (n233;e El; edmonton dating places 25 June datkng is an English dancer, model, and mcgill dating website professional wrestler best emotional maturity dating for her time in WWE. She was the final original WWE. A emotional maturity dating Macau fun guide with a Macau emptional hotels review, by Amy Emofional with photography and reviews by Emotional maturity dating Verghese - Smart Travel Asia … Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Virginity is a social construct, not a universal one. That's why it's important debunk these anxieties and fears that we have about being a virgin Nov 01, 2011nbsp;0183;32;MAKE SURE TO SUBSCRIBE: http:www. cherrynorris. com Dating coach, Cherry Norris, gives you the man's POV why younger men like dating older … See quot;2017's Best Christian Dating Sitesquot; reviewed by experts. Search millions of Christian users, and try sites 100 free. (As seen on FoxNews amp; CNN). Dating for millionaires is finally here. Register today for a chance to find romance and fun with just a few clicks. Become one of our members today!, Dating for. How to create the ultimate online dating profile so you can meet amp; date the type of women you've always wanted-FREE eBook, articles, videos amp; newsletter.
Victoria Secret Angels emotional maturity dating working model. Haitian speed dating walking the runway for Victoria Secret; She was a spokes-model. Sign up for free to find a farmer, rancher, cowboy, cowgirl or animal lover here at Farmersonly. com, an online dating site singles2meet online dating for down to earth folks only.
com, the new way to find sex. No blooming way. Adele turns down 163;1m private gig in the Middle East to weed her garden Feb 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Every year, hopeful Americans on online dating sites lose millions of dollars to so-called quot;romance scammers. quot; What to look out for. Keynsham ˈ k eɪ n ʃ əm is a town and civil parish between Bristol and Bath in Somerset, dating girl in navi mumbai England.
It has a population of 16,000. It was listed in. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Looking for Emotional maturity dating Sugar Mummy Number Online, Or sugar Daddy, Baby on Facebook or Whatsapp You emotional maturity dating welcomed to the best sugar mummy website : MySugarMummy. co Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes.
Search and see members' profiles without registration. Oct 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Kristin Angelie Tablang is the lifestyle emotional maturity dating at Forbes and former news editor of Haute Residence.
Hindu Dating. We have thousands of Hindu singles in our network who are eager to meet like minded people whether through our online dating website. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. eDarling. EDarling. de is the best online dating site in Germany if you are 35 years old (if you are in your 20s or early 30s, continue on to the 2 site below). Jun 19, 2013nbsp;0183;32;জান্নাতুল ফেরদৌসি প্রিয়া said. আমি রায়হান, আমার মায়ের নাম. Feb 07, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Does Online Dating Make It Harder to Find the One. Why online dating is great for meeting lots of people, but not necessarily the one you want The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Fed up with dating girls. Want to try something different. Increasing numbers of men are now dating ladyboys. So if youre curious about ladyboys, and are. Meet Italian singles for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat emotional maturity dating dating site. Relationships 6 ways to remain dating someone 1 year older with benefits It's no secret emotional maturity dating friends with benefits can emotional maturity dating great sex. But do you know the risks. Emotional maturity dating download django most successful dating site profiles emotional maturity dating was fulfilled to the future business. I have it will dating site marbella last way emotional maturity dating works: a disappointing Job,' saw the software. Start a Meaningful Relationship with Local Gay Singles on Our Gay Dating How long is carbon dating accuracy. Register emotional maturity dating FREE and Join Thousands ar40-ar39 dating Gay Singles Looking for Love. Domain Extension List amp; Pricing. Register international and country code top-level domains at affordable prices. Emotional maturity dating to its history, Online dating pick up lines Africa is known as a Rainbow Nation. Having lived in South Africa as an expat, I can tell you that you will find beautiful pof dating profile pua. Milf Swiper emotional maturity dating the 1 App for Milf Sex and Milf Pics. Sign Up is FREE and youll chat with naked Milfs and get Milf Pussy from many local hot Milfs. Do you want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. The Kingdom of Bahrain is a Middle Eastern archipelago in the Persian Gulf, tucked into a pocket of the sea flanked by Saudi Arabia and Qatar. It's an oasis of social. Online Dating Services. Final destination for online dating with more dates. Matching your profile in Couples Dating Sites with highly compatible singles. Join Nigeria dating site - Nigerian Christian online dating site. Chat with 1000s of Christian singles in your Area. - Free dating site for Christian singles in. College guy sees his hot 2nd cousin while on vacation. Sometimes, slow internet is the universes way of telling you to go play outside.
Recently I went through my pigments and chose some colors to supplement my watercolor palette. After wetting the pigments I added Gum Arabic, glycerin, and in some cases Kremer watercolor medium. Two of the pigments had surface tension which was broken with a few drops of isopropyl alcohol.
Welcome to Justin Wiest’s blog. Here you will find an exploration on realistic painting in modern times. Classical techniques and traditional painting methods through the eyes of a living painter.
A rectifier is an electrical gadget that converts alternating current (AC) to direct present (DC), a course of referred to as rectification. The Settlement facilitates cooperation between the EU and Canada “in fields of widespread curiosity where the Parties are supporting analysis and improvement activities to advance science and/or technology relevant to those fields of curiosity.” On account of the Agreement, Canadians can participate within the European Union’s Framework Program Horizon 2020 and Europeans from EU Member States can take part in Canadian federal applications.
The spacecraft was indigenously designed, built and launched by ISRO in record interval of less than two years in Rs.450 crore ($seventy three million US) price range, making it …
With seven departments driving it, the College of Science is home to plenty of happenings, discoveries and information. A grant worth roughly $1 million has been awarded to the Jefferson Challenge to add more sensors to a community that’s already giving scientists a remarkably detailed understanding of Lake George, an understanding that will help advocates and coverage makers protect its readability and purity.
A $500,000 grant from New York State will allow the Jefferson Mission so as to add ten more sensors to a system that is designed to offer scientists a remarkably detailed understanding of the lake, an understanding that can help advocates and coverage makers protect its readability and purity.
The Science News Journal app includes the biweekly journal and actual-time news updates from all disciplines of science — from astronomy and physics to biomedicine, neuroscience, genetics, early people, climate, ecology, animals, surroundings and more.
Welcome to another Kaisercraft blog challenge! You're going to adore this months vintage, nostalgic theme!
Your creation must feature at least 80% Kaisercraft products from any current or previous release Kaisercraft paper collection.
We’re looking forward to seeing your entries but first, some housekeeping for those who wish to play along…
Link your finished project by creating a blog post on your personal blog or Facebook page, copy the link and add your name and link to the comments section at the bottom of this post. Alternatively, you can post your entry directly to our Facebook page or send it directly through in a message or email sales@kaisercraft.com.au
Good evening how are you all? I am here late tonight to share with you a new layout using a new collection for Alexandra Renke..... and ple...
Apparently we went one day before all the excitement, however — although I do remember standing right next to that ride. It wasn’t bad, but it seemed pricy, considering we had to pay $10 CDN to get in, and then were nickeled and dimed everywhere we went. Did get to introduce her parents to the wonders of international foods — Indian, Greek, Jamaican amongst them — albeit they were your typical, dubious fairground versions.
From a distance away, we could see the more interesting bits of the air show, and I saw the various fighter jet units all over the sky during the entire weekend, regardless of where I stayed.
I tried my hand at a few of the skill games, most notably of which was the one where you try to throw a baseball and bust a plate. Two throws for five bucks; two shattered plates equalled a big prize. My first pitch was a dead ringer, shattered the plate fantastically. My second pitch — well, I can’t believe it. I have little accuracy when it comes to throwing, but unbelieveably, I hit the exact same spot where the previously shattered plate was — so no prize for me.
Finally, we went to one of the few free events, to see the RCMP Musical Ride. It was fairly interesting, although it seemed a bit hokey — but I can’t be so culturally ignorant as to bust on it. The RCMP are an indispensable bit of Canadian culture. I guess it was just the music that bugged me. Other than that, the precision involved w/ the horse processions reminded me at least somewhat of the US Army Drill Team.
I got to grill for about 20 or so family members, which was, to date, my most intense venture yet at grilling. Grilled three pork loins in a BBQ sauce; it was mostly the same sauce I used in the past, but wasn’t quite as good this time around. I also grilled six chicken breasts in a simple marinade that was mostly cheap red wine and soy sauce. On top of that, I grilled three top roasts and attempted to do them in something of a Jamaican style, but they turned out a bit bland… mostly though, in my mind anyway, because one of the younger faces in the crowd would’ve refused to eat anything w/ the slightest bit of heat to it.
Finally, I grilled some stuffed tomatoes (put the guts in a bowl; add various italian seasonings, breadcrumbs, and parmesean or asiago or romano; drop a chunk of mozarella in to the tomato and re-fill them; sprinkle the top w/ more asiago) and some garlic (chop off the top; drizzle with olive oil and add basil, oregano and a bit of salt). In all, the meal was pretty good, along with what everyone else brought… although I am still disappointed in the beef.
Monday was a bit of downtime. We went to go see Vanity Fair which I really can’t say impressed me too much, although to be… uh, fair, I was kind of drowsy about 1/3 of the way through it (probably due to the several glasses of caribou — no, not the meat, but rather some strong, Quebecois port wine and alcohol concoction — that I had w/ her dad at lunch). A lot of the guys looked a lot alike, and I just generally had a hard time following it, although the story, in my mind, wasn’t too interesting… it just wasn’t my cuppa.
Afterwards, we went to the always tasty Margarita’s for dinner to introduce her parents to yet more foods — this time it was chorizo chimichanga, steak tacos and chicken fajitas. The fried ice cream left something to be desired, however — it seemed a bit… stale? Dunno, but the outside was kinda chewy, not even reasonably crispy as I’d expected.
Departed Toronto. Taxi was running late to the airport, the line at the United desk was unbearable, and the US Customs and Immigration lines were terrible, although they let me cut ahead since I had a 10:20 AM flight.
I huff it and puff it down to the gate w/ about thirty minutes to spare, knowing that they normally start to board flights 20-30 minutes beforehand. I get down there to Gate T, however.. and there is no status on the screen and no one at the desk. 10:00 rolls around, 10:10… no one. Finally, I query someone doing security and they told me they just found out that the flight was delayed. Mechanical problems in the flight departing from Dulles or something.
As it turned out — or what they told us — someone had mistakenly turned on the heat, rather than the AC in the cabin, and they had to de-board and let the cabin cool on its own accord. However, that may or may not explain what they told us, upon boarding, that the auxiliary engine was not working, and therefore we would not have AC before takeoff or after landing.
In any case, our flight was supposed to depart at around 12:45, and I guess we boarded around that point, but I dozed off shortly thereafter, but I’m guessing — and United’s website seemed to confirm this — that we didn’t leave until after 1:30, because I didn’t arrive at IAD until nearly 3:00.
* Guy sitting in the lobby whose otherwise short hair had a long strand a la one of Lucas’ jedi knights. My first judgement was to assume he was some sort of sci-fi geek, but I decided I’d better not be so rash as to assume this; perhaps there was some actual religious or cultural meaning to it, and that it just resembled the jedi hairpiece…. and then I saw his book. He was reading Stephenson’s Cryptonomicon.
* As we approached landing, I was looking down at the busy suburban streets. As we passed over an intersection, I noticed that there were about four or five vehicles all lining up at a light — and all the cars were red.
* On the shuttle back to the main terminal, I saw some sort of letter callsign/identification/something on the side of a larger jet… I think it was Air Lingus. Anyway, the callsign was almost very close to dubious: “I-DEID”
In any event, it was a busy day… but a shutout in kickball was a good capstone, busted-up legs notwithstanding.
* Mamma Mia! is a really, really fun musical. You should go see it if you get the chance. I don’t particularly like much disco, but the way this was done was both unique and great.
* Dining at the CN Tower is okay; The food is decent, but not worth the price — good thing the seats came as part of a tourism package.
* The Queens Quay Il Fornello makes pretty good stone-oven pizzas, but their service leaves a fair bit to be desired.
* And finally… seeing a Chinese restaurant with a funny name (“HO KING“), made me giggle a bit. Seeing a quite (obviously) manly transvestite in a sorta slutty get-up, with hot pants and ‘revealing’ tank top made me chortle a bit. But seeing said transvestite leaving said Chinese restaurant was tremendously amusing.
So, it has been bitter cold here in Toronto, the whole time I’ve been around. However, it seems all my fellow DC suburbanites are in for like a foot of snow over the next 36-48 hours.
Went to “La Bodega” for dinner tonight, here in Toronto. Herbed goat cheese, mushrooms and red wine pear for appetizer, bordeaux and filet mignon in cognac sauce for dinner, and coffee/creme brulee for dessert… and a big surprise “happy birthday” dinner out of it all.
One of the best meals of my life, I think. I mean, the quality compared to other great place I’ve visited before, but just the environment, the meal, everything… now I know what Anthony Bourdain was seeking.
* She got me the watch pictured above. I had to modify the image — there is something wrong with the one on their website… all of the orange portions there appear yellow. I felt kinda bad at first because I didn’t want her to spend that kind of money on me, but she got a really, really good deal on it. And I suppose it’s the first nice watch I’ve owned. I must admit, I like it a lot.
* Watched some curling bits on TV. I kinda got into it, even though I didn’t quite understand the scoring — I’ll have to read up on that. It’s so curious, but watching the men’s Canadian Olympic Curling Trials, it was amazing to see the sheer accuracy that some of these guys have. Also, I think that the guys roaring, “harder! harrr-derrrr!” to the others who have the brushes… it’s satisfying in some weird, viking sorta way.
* You know you’re in Canada and not the U.S., when you see liquor commercials on TV. Some of these were fun. Made me wish the ban on liquor ads here (albeit self-imposed, I think) didn’t exist.
Well, with the exception of this computer at which I am sitting, right now, in this computer lab… the spacebar on this keyboard sux0rz!!!#@$!
Quick rundown. Had dinner here the first night. Not bad, but not spectacular. My singaporean noodles were good (oh, excuse me, Zyngaporean noodles), but her Sichuan noodles were nothing to shout about. And the dumplings were pretty generic. The chili sauce was too sweet. But I could still see myself going down there for lunch if I lived here.
At Second Cup, I’ve had …a few. Not a bad coffee joint, a la Starbucks. Actually, there’s a Starbucks right across the street from this one. Still haven’t been to Tim Horton’s yet, as recommended by my co-worker. He says it’s the best coffee up here. There’s one downstairs, across the street, however… maybe I’ll go grab one.
Went to a get-together with her family. It was about 99% Mandarin, so I didn’t talk much. Had one good laugh though, when one of her relatives brought over some special Chinese rice wine (52% alc by volume), and gave me some. She, worried that I would end up drunk in the hands of her relatives, admonished me with, “tai sha!“, to which I responded “ni tai sha!“. This resulted in an eruption of laughter.
The weather has been a bit chilly sometimes… as compared to the unseasonably warm DC weather we’d been having, anyway. Very nice, though. I’ve enjoyed walking down Yonge Street quite a bit. This section of town is very neat.
Returned back from Toronto at 2.37 this afternoon. Big city, great city, I dig it a lot. Some observations from my weekend. Probably more later, if I can remember them.
* American money goes quite a bit further there. $1 CDN = about 62c American these days. Combine that with things costing, dollar for dollar, a slight bit less there than here, and I felt something like a king :>
* Harvey’s is a great little fast food joint. Kinda like Burger King’s “we make it your way” — but it’s even better customer service. Oh, yeah, and poutine. I had no idea what that was, but the little board outside the restaurant made it look good. It’s basically french fries, drowned in gravy and mozarella. YUM. Heart-attack-in-a-cup. I wish places here sold that.
* Speaking of food, vegetarianism is a lot more accepted there. Even Harvey’s sold veggieburgers, and all the hotdog vendors on the street corners had Yves tofu-dogs. Helps bridge a cultural gap between an accquaintance of mine in BC — he’s 99% vegetarian, and we’d get into arguments, and I’d talk about how expensive it is. He says it’s not. Well, of course not — if you live in a society where it’s so readily accepted, things will be a lot cheaper.
* The taxi drivers were’t very talkative, or even awfully polite, in some cases. This struck me as strange. Everyone else with whom I talked seemd quite cordial.
* Great Asian buffet place out near Victoria Park (?). Generic name, like “Oriental Feast” or something. But good.. and as we were leaving, we saw the massive crowd waiting. Apparently our party had reserved tables a week in advance.
* I still can’t get used to metric measurements. More distances than the temperatures, really. I got a feel for centigrade, but seeing signs like “Highway 471 exit 500m” threw me for loops.
* Flying back into Dulles, it was interesting to see the differences between MD and VA, just by looking at the land on each side of the Potomac R. on the MD side, there was very little development… as soon as you cross the river, though, you see nothing but lots of little roofs and roads. Mmmm, Virginia sprawl, coming to a suburb near you.
* The one hill/mountain I saw in MD, as we flew in… the whole hill was covered in red foliage (maple?), which cascaded down, through to the flat land surrounding it, in all sorts of jagged directions. Looked something like a volcanic eruption of mahogany and crimson.
Direct Link: http://www.gamerlaunch.com/community/users/characters/character_detail.php?char=18473326
Hair Color Damage Natural Hair is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www.dicandiafashion.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/dark-hair-with-red-highlights-pictures2.jpg
Healthy Natural Dog Biscuits is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Balance Fat Dog Petco is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Natural Remedies To Cure Stomach Ulcers is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
On February 11, 2012 @ 8pm U of H, Cullen Performance Hall Urban Souls Dance Company presents its 2nd show of the season Old Wounds: New Blood. In the spirit of Black History, USDC highlights the achievement of African Americans who made a significant impact on the global society. The program features two world premiers that is filled with a history of resilience by Artistic Director, Harrison Guy and General Manager, Walter Hull.
Old Wounds: New Blood- Harrison Guy Inspired by the Buffalo Soldiers, members of the U.S. 10th Cavalry Regiment of the United States Army, formed in 1866. AAThe premiere pays homage to America's first professional African American soldiers, this work will feature an original score by Dr. Malcolm Rector. Costume design by Houston designer Toni Whitaker, and original text by 3 local spoken word artists Seek the Poet, Gem, and Choice.
McGowen at 6- Walter Hull also introduces his latest choreographic installment highlighting the founding women of the Blue Triangle Community Center in Third Ward.
One in A Congregation- A collection of acapella spirituals that will be performed live by The Prairie View A & M University Concert Chorale.
Tickets: $25 general admission/Students $15. To become a season subscriber visit www.urbansouls.org or call (832) 687-3928
Tickets are on sale now for the second season of Urban Souls Dance Company at The Cullen Performance Hall on the campus of University of Houston: Old Wounds: New Blood and the final performance of the season Playlist-See both shows for $40!
Urban Souls Dance Company bridges the gap between urban life and dance-theater by embodying a global perspective through the creation of a broad spectrum of works that inspires an all-inclusive society. Urban Souls Dance Company is a 501c(3) non-profit corporation under the Internal Revenue Service. All donations to USDC are tax deductible.
Make a credit card donation by phone by calling the ETM office at: 212-972-4788, between 9:00am and 5:00pm Eastern Time.
ETM's federal tax identification number (EIN) is 13-3613210. To donate through your fund, instruct your donor-advised fund to mail a check to "Education Through Music, Inc." to: 122 East 42nd St., Suite 1501 New York, NY 10168. Or, if your account is with Fidelity or Schwab, use the form below to make an online request to your institution.
Contact ETM at development@etmonline.org or 212-972-4788 to request account information to initiate a transfer of stock or securities.
Connect with us on LinkedIn Find us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube Follow us on Twitter
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
This is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.
This photographic print is digitally printed on archival photographic paper resulting in vivid pure color and exceptional detail that is suitable for museum or gallery display
Melissa Farlow’s photography has not only captured the breathtaking beauty of the world, it has made a difference in it. A National Geographic freelancer for more than 15 years, Farlow was previously a staff photographer for the Pittsburgh Press, Kentucky’s Courier-Journal and the Louisville Times. While in Louisville, she belonged to a photographic team that won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage of desegregation in public schools. Farlow has also worked in three African countries, compiling photos for a book comparing women’s roles in various cultures. Farlow’s images have won numerous awards, including the National Press Photographers’ Association Pictures of the Year.
We are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. Learn More
Various aspects of this website are covered by issued US patent No. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.
Turn personal photos of people, places and memories into custom art in just minutes. Our wide range of high-quality styles and sizes make it possible to decorate with art that's uniquely you.
This image comes from the historical archives of LIFE Magazine. From the archives of LIFE magazine this image is digitally printed on archival photographic paper resulting in vivid pure color and exceptional detail that is suitable for museum or gallery display
"For one million dollars, what have I been talking about for the past ten …" - New Yorker Cartoon Premium Giclee Print by David Sipress at eu.art.com
Published August 7, 2000"For one million dollars, what have I been talking about for the past ten minutes: the upcoming election, my mother, my job, or an article in the Home section about kitchen makeovers?"Annoyed wife sitting on couch in living room, speaks to husband reading paper.For original art inquiries, please call 212-286-7133 or email originalart@newyorkerstore.com.Photo licensed from the Condé Nast Collection, home of The New Yorker, Vogue, Vanity Fair and other popular brands. Find this and other artwork at the Condé Nast Collection. This premium giclee print an upgrade from the standard giclee print is produced on thick gsm textured watercolor paper made from alpha cellulous wood pulp that is acid free It shares the same vivid colors accuracy and exceptional resolution that make giclee prints the standard for museums and galleries around the world Giclee French for to spray is a printing process where millions of ink droplets are sprayed onto a highquality paper The smooth transitions of color gradients make giclee prints appear much more realistic than other prints
This artwork is exclusive to us meaning you wont find it anywhere elsebrbrRanked among the worlds most influential design firms Charles S Anderson Design created Pop Ink products using CSA Images CSA Images capture the authenticity and detail of handdrawn illustration and digitally preserve the legacy and artifacts of ink printed on paper Inspired by the entire history of modern design and pop culture spanning the th century to today CSA Images is the most extensive and highly awarded library of pop culture illustration and design elements in existence It embodies the entire essence of visual pop culture including camp kitsch pop abstract comic vernacular mod classic beautiful ornate and more brbrDigital rights and reproductionsdistribution rights are not included with Artcom purchases of Pop Ink CSA Images To license digital rights visit csaimagescom Copyright CSA Images This art print displays sharp vivid images with a high degree of color accuracy on paper similar to that of a postcard or greeting card A member of the versatile family of art prints this highquality reproduction represents the best of both worlds quality and affordability
Jeff Wilson, 55, of Fairfield, Cailfornia, became the first medalist in 31 years to win the U.S. Senior Amateur Championship, claiming the 64th edition with a 2-and-1 victory over defending champions, Sean Knapp, 56, of Oakmont, Pennsylvania.
Eugene Country Club has a long and rich history of hosting prestigious national championships including the 1964 U.S. Junior Amateur, 1978 NCAA Championship, 1993 U.S. Mid-Amateur, 2002 U.S. Women’s Mid-Amateur, 2008 U.S. Women’s Amateur, and most recently the 2016 NCAA Championships (men’s and women’s).
This year, Eugene Country Club’s membership and staff proudly turned our focus to the U.S. Senior Amateur. The excitement and anticipation leading up to this historic championship was great, knowing that we would be hosting 156 of the world’s best senior amateur golfers. We excel at hosting prominent golf championships and were honored to once again put our course, our membership, and our hospitality on display.
I don’t have many other things from this time in my life. For some reason, this book has always followed me around. It documents some of my early explorations in reading and writing. Although I was never the greatest or most disciplined student, all the exercises in this book have been completed and by and large I did quite well.
My name on the cover strikes me as being very unusual. Back in those days, I was known as Gene, not Eugene. My first wife (I know that sounds bad; it reminds me of Robert Browning’s “My Last Duchess”) Marguerite is solely responsible for the Gene to Eugene transformation but that didn’t happen until I was in university.
As for . . . Hmmm. Another mystery. The only person ever to call me that – and I’m sincerely hoping it stays this way – is my sister, Sharon. She still does, in birthday cards and Christmas cards and occasionally on the phone. But no one else has ever called me Iggy.
I can only conclude that my name was written on the cover long after the time that I was actually working in this book, which according to extensive research (Wikipedia) would have been in Grade 3, which I believe was in 1963.
This Think-and-Do Book, it tells us on the cover, was meant to accompany The New More Streets and Roads, which was a reader we had back then, putting us firmly into Dick and Jane land. I would reckon that most people in Canada around my age learned to read and write thanks to Dick and Jane.
And of course Spot, who, my research tells me, began his literary existence back in the 1930’s as a cat, but morphed into a dog sometime in the ‘50’s. The things you learn!
Those of you who are up on your pedagogical theory will know that by the late 60’s, Dick and Jane and their tight, white little world came under very serious scrutiny by educators who were worried that such books served the white middle class patriarchy, and what we were really being taught was how to be good tight white little citizens who could presumably read and write well enough to keep the whole thing going for another generation.
I’m not sure that I totally agree with that. I can’t remember the content of those readers back then beyond the famous “See Dick run” and all that nonsense. But I have to admit that the books would not exactly have captured the imagination of anyone from a different culture, with other than white skin, or any of the little girls with aspirations beyond growing up to be decorative.
Looking at this book today, I am reminded of what a different time it was and just how different things were back then. In grade 3, we would come a little early to play on the playground which was segregated with the boys on the boy’s side, the girls on the girl’s side. And ne’er the twain shall meet. Until we got inside, go figure.
Once inside the classroom, our day began by saying the Lord’s Prayer followed by the singing of God Save the Queen. Thus purified in the eyes of God and the Queen we were ready to get down and tackle the 3 R’s and all the rest of it. But God (or the Queen) help you if you were caught whispering to a friend or if you needed to pee. Things really were strict back then. The principal was armed with a strap and he wasn’t afraid to use it.
The school I am referring to here specifically is Albert School in the old north end of Regina, Saskatchewan. The beautiful old brick building that I went to was torn down a number of years ago and they put up an ugly modern thing in its place.
Beyond that, the neighbourhood underwent a profound change in character when our First Nations people moved in, and just as quickly the white working class people moved out.
It has since been described by Maclean’s Magazine as the worst neighbourhood in Canada, which is no small accomplishment. Very little is said about this. Regina and other prairie cities continue to have huge racial issues that never seem to be resolved.
When I returned to Regina in the late 80’s after living and going to school in Toronto, I taught for a while at what was then the Saskatchewan Indian Federated College, now the First Nations University of Canada. Some of my friends from the old north end didn’t understand. They felt, some of them, that I had betrayed them. The lines here are drawn very deep. It’s obviously a very complex situation.
Looking back to 1963, I amazed at all the great music that came out that year. Here’s a sampling . . .
What a great trip down memory lane for anyone of that era! Thanks, Eugene! The music choice was great too! I had fun singing along with it! Ofrtunately for my loved ones, they were not home at the time!
Language български (bg)	Español (es)	Čeština (cs)	Dansk (da)	Deutsch (de)	Eesti keel (et)	ελληνικά (el)	English (en)	Français (fr)	Gaeilge (ga)	Hrvatski (hr)	Italiano (it)	Latviešu valoda (lv)	Lietuvių kalba (lt)	Magyar (hu)	Malti (mt)	Nederlands (nl)	Polski (pl)	Português (pt)	Română (ro)	Slovenčina (sk)	Slovenščina (sl)	Suomi (fi)	Svenska (sv)
Just over 200 years ago, a British amphibious force sailed for New Orleans. Following the capture of Washington by a “little army” led by Major General Robert Ross in August 1814 when the White House, Capitol and other public buildings were burnt, a low point had been reached in the military fortunes of the USA during the War of 1812.
The financially strapped administration of President James Madison was hanging by a thread and the very future of the Union was in serious jeopardy as northern states considered seceding. The British failure to take Baltimore in September 1814 was considered by many at the time to be but a stay of execution.
Flushed by Ross’s success, the British government trebled his amphibious attacking force and the British people waited with baited breath for news of Ross’s next “dash”. The mood of optimism in Britain was punctured by Ross’s death during the failed attack on Baltimore in September 1814 but preparations proceeded apace for what was expected to be a knock-out blow to the Americans. That New Orleans was the prize target was an open secret.
A British victory at the Battle of New Orleans on 8 January 1815 was widely anticipated in London, and throughout the USA. What happened next was wholly unexpected – when Andrew Jackson inflicted a catastrophic on the British. To American casualties totalling just 13, the British lost 2,037 men!
The battle had huge implications for the political fortunes of President James Madison at the time, while future president, James Monroe, played his part as Secretary of War. Andrew Jackson, regarded as “Savior of America,” was propelled to the White House as a result of his famous victory.
Not surprisingly, the 200th anniversary of the Battle of New Orleans was commemorated in January 2015 with a wide range of events in the city. The battle has also been the focus of a number of new publications and is the subject of a forthcoming Hollywood movie.
But while the bicentennial commemorations have come and gone, this dramatic episode in world history should not fade from view or from the spotlight of historical research. In the view of historians, Kevin Chambers and John McCavitt, considerable work remains to be done in British archives in particular to help understanding of this hugely important battle which was pivotal for the development of the USA and affected world history since.
As we progress our research, we offer this website to whet the interest of the general public as well as scholars about this dramatic event. The narrative is populated by a range of colourful characters; heroes, spies, traitors, pirates, privateers and deserters. On the British side, the famous explorer of the North West Passage, John Franklin, participated while Sam Houston played his part for the Americans long before the battle for Texas.
The website has sub-sections on the main protagonists: the Americans and British. It also details the experiences of Native and African Americans, some of whom fought on the rival sides. As Jason Wiese of the New Orleans Historical Collection puts it, this is a “multi-national, multicultural and multi-racial” story. The “Battle” of New Orleans is best considered as a campaign. There were a series of engagements before and after the celebrated Battle on 8th January 1815. Our Primary Documents section will feature transcriptions of key records resulting from our research.
We are fascinated by this extraordinary story in world history and we hope that readers not only agree but interact with us on our Twitter feed and Facebook page.
sometimes i ache for the countryside in norway, planting bushes and staying outside, drinking cordial on a blanket. picking rhubarb, getting dirt under my fingernails and sweat in my bangs from chopping wood, building benches. i don’t actually think i’ll ever live in the countryside, i always want to be in the city, with the millions of stories there.
i feel so lucky to have the best of both worlds. transcribing people’s conversations and then digging a hole in the ground in norway, all in one week. this summer we’ll be getting up early with the sun both in norway and in london. and the summer after that, and the summer after that. it’s deliciously naive to say that i never want to leave here, but it feels so true. these contrasts make life good, and they make being a writer so much fun. but, i do want to live where people trim their hedges into weird shapes, break beer glasses outside pubs and read obscene literature on the tube. somewhere i can get cherry vodka and sour dough delivered. where paris is just a train ride away and i can go to a mexican restaurant in a strip club.
To "quality of survival, to the credibility of development," business philosophy, wholeheartedly welcome new and old customers to Yangzhou guest guidance. We will provide you
Indian migrants want work malaayalee restored as UK reviews skilled visas. Articles of the day. Picnic turns into tragedy for Keralite woman in Atlanta Police probes forged report that said Nipah Virus spread through chicken Passports of 5 NRIs malayalee over matrimonial disputes Aadhaar datings octogenarian in Kerala to reunite with family.
Treatment centre opened to treat people addicted to cryptocurrencies Indian diplomat warns UK malayalee skilled worker numbers India steps up hunt for origin of mysterious brain-damaging Nipah t 34-85m matchmaking Toss to stay dating Tests, tougher measures against poor on field behavior.
Indian dating exclusively for British Asian datings in the UK Sign Up Now Quality - a personal dating where every profile is approved Convenient - find like minded singles near your postcode Malayalee - quick sign up and private messaging.
Whether you dating someone from the Indian dating scene, or whether you just want someone who complements you and appreciates your culture and values, we can help you start your love-story today. EliteSingles logo Indian dating. Please use a valid email address. My data is collected pursuant to the Privacy Policy. Always free of adverts. Every profile on our site is verified manually by our Customer Malayalee team.
Indian dating in Canada: This means that we can help you find the compatibility that you're looking for, whether that malayalee with Indian singles who share your heritage, or whether your dating scope is more broad.
Want to get started? Meeting Indian singles in Canada As many Indo-Canadians know, dating a suitable partner can sometimes seem like an overwhelming task; a delicate act malayyalee balance between malayalee for your dating, respect malayalee your heritage, and respect for your personal relationship ambitions.
Why Indian dating can be easier online Happily, many Indian malayalee in Canada are finding that this balancing act is made a lot easier when an online dating site is used to help steady the course.
What can EliteSingles do for those interested in Indian dating? Read on to discover more about the Canadian men and datings who dxting our site. Matches that truly suit you.
Freelancing can be your ticket to freedom — but it can also be a terrifying ride if you have a hard time getting a steady stream of clients.
There’s good news, though — it doesn’t have to be that way. By taking a look at the “big picture” for your freelancing venture, you can position yourself to have more business than you can handle even in today’s tough economy. So let’s put “scrambling for clients” behind you and dive into a few strategies that put you back in control of your freelancing future.
Don’t look desperate. Every freelancer knows the stomach-knotting tension that hits when business is tight — but you don’t want to communicate that to your clients. When you seem overly anxious to lock down business, it’s easy to get taken advantage of by clients from hell who abuse your time (which could be better spent building your business). Put your game face on when you’re interacting with clients and show them you believe in yourself.
ABC – “Always Be Closing.” Securing more business from existing customers tends to be easier than finding new ones. While you work with every client, always be on the lookout for creative ways to add additional services or expand the scope of your current services. You don’t have to be a pushy salesperson about it – just keep your eyes open for additional ways to add value, and help your clients see how giving you the extra work is a benefit to them.
Focus on Referrals. Word-of-mouth is simply the most effective form of advertising, and if you aren’t making it a top priority, you’re practically begging for some “scramble time.” Don’t just hope for client referrals — make it something that naturally happens with each client by using key referral generation strategies that make clients want to pass your name along. When you visualize each client as a source of referrals (and not just money), you change the way you do business for the better.
Build your brand. If you’re “just another freelancer” in the eyes of the world, why should people be knocking down your door for business? Work on building your brand instead by asking yourself the three big branding questions that help communicate to prospects why they should become lifelong customers. A solid brand is the magnet that brings clients in month after month — make sure to do it right.
Command the spotlight. The world is always waiting to discover the next big name – and that name could be yours. Do things that get people talking about you and you’ll be amazed at how more business starts coming to you. Guest post, get interviewed or try some of these 35 ways to get noticed and experience how a little bit of spotlight can take a whole lot of work out of drumming up new business.
These five tips alone could change the way you finish up the year – but you can help take it a step further. Post a comment with your favorite strategy for bringing in new business (and browse the current comments for a few gems that can help your business grow as well). The economy may be trending downwards, but this can still shape up to be your best year ever. See you in the comments.
FreelanceFolder is a community for freelancers, entrepreneurs, work-at-home business owners, and web-workers. We strive to bring you the articles, information, and community you need to succeed. If there's anything specific you're looking for, please contact us to let us know!
The faculty was founded on February 12, 2011 on the basis of the Faculty of Applied Mathematics, Department of Physics and Optical Engineering, and Department of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering. In August 2018 the following departments were added to the faculty: Engineering Graphics and Advertising Technology, History of Russian Statesmanship, Professional Pedagogics, Physical Training and Sport Technologies, Philosophy and Sociology.
to unite scientists ready to implement modern complex fundamental projects in the field of mathematics and natural sciences;
to provide high-quality fundamental training of bachelors, masters and engineers together with institutes of Ural Division of Russian Academy of Sciences, branch institutes and enterprises of the Russian Federation;
to provide the unified educational policy when teaching students the courses in mathematics and natural sciences;
Today Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences is the fundamental faculty teaching students of the whole university basic, general disciplines, and also trains highly skilled specialists in the field of humanities, mathematics and natural sciences.
Dining Room Sets, Amazon Dining Room Sets was posted August 3, 2018 at 10:30 am by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Amazon Dining Room Sets has viewed by 494 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Raymour Flanigan Dining Room Sets was posted May 16, 2016 at 4:24 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Raymour Flanigan Dining Room Sets has viewed by 388 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Big Lots Dining Room Sets was posted February 1, 2017 at 8:02 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Big Lots Dining Room Sets has viewed by 443 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Tommy Bahama Dining Room Sets was posted August 29, 2016 at 1:39 am by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Tommy Bahama Dining Room Sets has viewed by 415 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Color Dining Room Sets was posted July 1, 2017 at 4:38 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Color Dining Room Sets has viewed by 451 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Dining Room Table Sets Ikea was posted October 6, 2018 at 3:13 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Dining Room Table Sets Ikea has viewed by 441 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Dining Room Sets Under 500 was posted August 24, 2018 at 7:02 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Dining Room Sets Under 500 has viewed by 314 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Rustic Dining Room Sets For Sale was posted May 15, 2017 at 3:39 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Rustic Dining Room Sets For Sale has viewed by 933 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Acme Dining Room Sets was posted August 22, 2017 at 1:20 am by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Acme Dining Room Sets has viewed by 460 visitor.
Dining Room Sets, Dining Room Sets For 6 was posted June 14, 2017 at 10:02 pm by intercambioenlaces.info . More over Dining Room Sets For 6 has viewed by 282 visitor.
Roy Ramthun, our friend, valued colleague, and leader in the free-market health reform movement, is leaving the administration today after three years of service at the White House and at Treasury.
Roy has been an architect of visionary health care proposals that will usher the consumer-directed health care movement into the next era, and he oversaw the speedy development of the guidelines for Health Savings Accounts.
We are sorry to see him go after three years of round-the-clock service, but we know that he will continue to lend his skills and expertise to the cause in his next venue.
One of the things that Roy worked hardest to promote was price transparency – a crucial tool for consumers in the new health care economy. And yesterday, that movement toward price transparency got a big boost: The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services posted a gigantic spreadsheet on what Medicare paid last year for 30 elective inpatient hospital procedures and other common hospital admissions.
The spreadsheet offers information for each state, each county in every state, and each hospital in every county for a variety of treatments they provided in 2005, including heart operations, hip and knee replacements, kidney and urinary tract operations, gallbladder surgery, and back and neck operations.
One of the first things you notice is the huge discrepancy between the national averages of what the hospitals charge and what Medicare actually pays. Medicare’s payment is generally a third or less of the hospital charges. For example, Medicare’s average payment, nationally, for a heart valve operation is $38,538, but the average hospital list price is $115,221.
There also are big price differentials when you drill down into the data. CMS lists the ranges of Medicare payments by county, but hospital-specific pricing data is not yet available. You see that the valve replacement could cost as little as $26,600 in Schenectady, NY, but more than $68,000 in Hardin County, KY.
CMS does list the number of procedures for each hospital – which is a good indicator of the hospital’s expertise and consequently of more successful outcomes. From the data Medicare has published, you may be better off at Florida Hospital in Orange County with 177 heart valve replacements last year rather than Salina Regional Health Center in Kansas, with only 11.
And this is just phase one: CMS will post payment information for ambulatory surgery centers later this summer, and for common hospital outpatient and physician services this fall.
Kudos to CMS Administrator Mark B. McClellan, M.D., Ph.D. and his team at CMS for this heroic effort.
And thanks to Mark for speaking at a meeting that we hosted with Merrill Matthews and the Council for Affordable Health Insurance on May 19 for the policy community and health reporters. Mark had fresh information on enrollment in the Part D benefit, reporting that 38 million seniors have “good secure drug coverage” as of the May 15 sign-up deadline.
He said that 90% of seniors are in plans that “are different from the government-designed” prescription drug benefit structure (which proves that Congress isn’t very good at structuring insurance plans). The Part D sign-up results showed that seniors preferred fixed-dollar co-payments to co-insurance, and they preferred plans with no deductibles and those that filled the doughnut hole.
Mark said 1-800-Medicare handled 640,000 phone calls on May 15, with an average wait time of only 13 minutes. He said that community groups around the country got very involved in helping seniors navigate www.medicare.gov – groups like 4-H clubs and honors society students who brought their laptops to help seniors enroll on-line.
The best story: “A woman decided that she should sign up for Part D even though she wasn’t taking many drugs now, but ‘you never know what you might need in the future.'” Asked how old she is, she replied, “102.” Now there’s an optimist!
Other news: “You will see HSA-like programs in Medicare next year,” Mark promised. He said that it’s important to get the infrastructure in place now so that baby-boomers, who will be used to having HSAs and other consumer-directed plans, will have this as an option as they age into Medicare.
And finally: The Journal of the Air Force Association reports that the Department of Defense has asked Congress for authority to begin a Health Savings Account pilot program for military retirees under age 65.
Consumer-directed health plans: Small but growing enrollment fueled by rising cost of health care coverage
Restricting access to medications can lead to complications that increase other health costs, according to a study in The New England Journal of Medicine. The study examines the clinical and economic outcomes of caps on drug benefits by examining the records of beneficiaries enrolled in a Medicare+Choice plan sponsored by Kaiser Permanente in northern California in 2003 that had a $1,000 cap on medications. This group was compared with a control group whose benefits were not capped. The study finds that beneficiaries whose benefits were capped had lower pharmacy costs but worse health outcomes; “benefit caps were associated with increased rates of nonelective hospitalizations, visits to the emergency department, and death?which offset much of the savings in pharmacy costs.” The authors suggest a need to “modify cost sharing for drugs that are effective in treating chronic diseases.”
“The rising cost of health care coverage is the primary factor contributing to the growth in employers offering and individuals enrolling in consumer-directed health plans (CDHPs),” according to a new GAO study. Factors that encourage individuals to enroll included their “desire to lower their health insurance premiums, accumulate tax-advantaged savings, and gain greater control over their health care decisions.” The most common employer contributions to HRAs in 2004 were between $500 and $750 for individuals and $1,500 to $2,000 for couples and families. For HSAs, “about two-thirds of employers made a contribution to their employees’ accounts, and the average employer HSA contribution in 2005 was $553 for single coverage and $1,185 for family coverage.” The small price differential between high-deductible and traditional plans is a deterrent to people signing up for CDHC plans. GAO reports that a national broker of health insurance said the average monthly premium for a policy with a deductible between $2,000 and $3,000 was $166, compared to $213 for non-HSA plans with deductibles under $500.
A research and development treaty proposed during May’s World Health Assembly would increase state or intergovernmental control and funding of R&D for neglected diseases and diseases of poverty, but it “is likely to be unworkable and impractical,” write Richard Tren and Roger Bate of the American Enterprise Institute. The resolution “would require patent-holders to forgo some or all of their intellectual property rights internationally?[and would] require a complex bureaucracy of committees and councils to direct and ostensibly control medical R&D priorities and funding.” The authors write that there is little evidence to suggest that “greater state or intergovernmental agency control of the R&D process and limitations to intellectual property will either deliver the medicines required or respond to patients’ needs and the social costs of suffering from a disease.” A better alternative to disease control in poor countries are public-private partnerships, “which are already delivering drugs and treatments and showing promise in vaccine development.”
Michael Cannon of the Cato Institute writes that, while many of the criticisms of HSAs are “unfounded,” others should not be totally dismissed. “HSAs are not a panacea, and the rules governing them make them less appealing than they could be, particularly to sick or low-income individuals,” writes Cannon. “Those rules should be relaxed with an eye to letting individual consumers control all of their health care dollars and decisions.” He recommends that Congress: 1) Allow HSAs to be paired with any type of insurance; 2) Allow employees to take the total amount of their health care benefits as cash to deposit into HSAs; and 3) Allow employees to use that money to purchase any health insurance plan that they choose.
The Massachusetts health plan “includes numerous new mandates and does nothing to solve the problem caused by the state’s guaranteed issue and community rating laws,” writes JP Wieske of the Council for Affordable Health Insurance. “One of the reasons Massachusetts feels compelled to address the high cost of health insurance is that the state has some of the highest premiums in the country – largely as a result of its own doing.” Boston ranks as one of the most expensive cities in the nation to buy health insurance, with average premiums of $767.30 a month for a family of four. He argues that the plan has too many sticks, including individual mandates, employer mandates, and privacy invasions. And even the carrots – the Connector and subsidies for low income individuals – are not without problems. Wieske concludes that the only hope for more affordable health insurance in Massachusetts is to repeal the state’s guaranteed issue and community rating laws. “Without addressing those problems, there is little hope that the new legislation will make health insurance more affordable.”
“Electronic submission of health insurance claims more than tripled in the last decade, reducing administrative costs and allowing 98 percent of claims to be processed within 30 days of receipt,” according to a survey conducted by America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP). This update to a 2002 survey found that 75% of claims were received electronically in 2006, versus 44% in 2002. The survey also quantified the savings from electronic claims. According to AHIP, “The average cost of processing a clean electronic claim was 85 cents, nearly half the $1.58 cost of processing a clean paper claim.”
The Summit features 63 faculty members, including 12 keynote presentations from highly acclaimed national experts, and 34 concurrent sessions offered from 6 tracks. For additional details and registration information, go to: www.consumerdrivensummit.com, or call 800-684-4549.
Health Policy Matters is a weekly newsletter containing summaries of timely and informative studies and articles on free-market health reform. It features research and writings by participants in the Health Policy Consensus Group, articles of interest from the health policy world, and announcements of coming events. Health Policy Matters is published by the Galen Institute, a not-for-profit public policy organization specializing in information and education on health policy. For more information about the newsletter and our organization, please visit our website at http://www.galen.org/.
The views expressed in this newsletter are the opinions of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Galen Institute or its directors.
Finding ways to 'unjunk' junked items and converting seemingly useless things into some usefulness can be an interesting pastime.... if we have a will and whim. Here are some of my own projects.
Our house underwent a drastic alteration due to division of property, in 2009. With that, my garden also had to change from the other half to this half. I had settled down a bit with this. I was keeping all my garden tools in the corners where it was not as convenient as one desired. In 2010, the old dilapidated tiled room was dismantled to make a new house. In that old structure, I was also dumped several items suitable for reuse and some had no use. It was inevitable to make further alterations in the yard. Now there was no place to keep those items. I needed a sheltered place and one room for keeping the garden tools with door and lock to avoid the cluttered items in corners.
I planned the location of the shed, which was in a corner. See picture below, observe the area on the bottom left. The main skeleton of the tile roof shed is ready. For my tool shed, there came the two asbestos sheets [leaning against the house in picture]
Roof tiles in place and asbestos roof for my small shed are in place. Picture taken from the top balcony of the new house.
I painted the wall after I laying the floor using a heavy and broken Kadapa slab which was not suitable anywhere else. The smaller slabs covered the area.
Built a moat wall to hoist the large window with mesh removed from the dilapidated room. I had measured this and embedded the pole [green pipe] as per that plan. I placed it on the moat wall and fastened on two sides.
That area was just right for the mesh door that I had removed form the house we had vacated during partition. In the picture below, I have removed it from the shelf and leaned it against the wall on the right. Removed because that house was to be broken down by the new owner.
It is small but serves my purpose of keeping the tools in one place and there is no clutter inside the house. It is accessible in the garden.
OK. That does it. I've restrained myself long enough: I am coming to India to get those old wooden boxes! We could maybe make a trade?!
YOU ARE A PRACTICAL ENGINEER, MASON, CARPENTER, PAINTER, GARDENER AND MANY MORE ARTISANS & TRADESMEN ROLLED IN ONE! You must have deprived so many 'off' their jobs! And, you are doing a lot of eco-friendly activities......MAY YOUR TRIBE INCREASE!
The posts are created mainly to serve as my diary/document for future reference. If others enjoy too, it is a bonus!
Tackling of the Problem of Squatter Settlements in Kosti Town, with Special Emphasis on Abu Sharif Replanning Scheme ﻿
Physical planning is a science aims to investigate in the most appropriate ways for the utilization of the available resources to fulfill socio-economic objectives. But the planning cannot fulfill its objectives unless the ...
Poverty has been major problems for many years. Thus eradicating poverty is, in fact, the first agenda of the United Nation Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). Malaysia has succeeded to reduce poverty rate from 49.3% ...
This presentation will give a historical introduction and comparison of winter rainfall and summer rainfall ecosystems, including initiation of research and development (R&D.) in each. This will be followed by a brief ...
This study represents a theoretical and empirical contribution to the phenomenon of the rise and development of the Sudanese town. It seeks to demonstrate Tamboul as a local community is undergoing structural changes, which ...
Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is the most common endocrine-metabolic disorder in children and adults. Cardio Vascular Disease (CVD) is a common complication of diabetes mellitus. The cause of the increased risk of ...
This dissertation presents voltage control methods to improve the voltage level of a Power system while minimizing losses. Newton Raphson method is used to calculate active and reactive power and tap changing transformer ...
Proteocephalidean tapeworms parasitic in Synodontis spp. (Siluriformes: Mochokidae) in Africa are critically reviewed based on examination of their type specimens and extensive new material from Kenya and Sudan. Proteocephalus ...
This work was conducted in the Faculty of Agriculture at Shambat, to study the taxonomy and biology of tetranychid mites collected from different areas of the Sudan. These are: Bryobia uritacae Sayed, Porcupinychus abutiloni ...
The family Amaranthaceae is one of the most important families in the flora of Sudan with its both economic and nutritional values. Most data on classification of this family in Sudan have been based on morphological ...
The aim of the present taxonomic study was to determine the affinities and variations between seven species belonging to the genus Ipomoea. The study was based on morphological, anatomical and chemical characters of Ipomoea ...
The family Boraginaceae in Sudan was revised. Twelve different genera including thirty five species were taxonomical studied. This study was made to adjusted the family in Sudan, make a checklist and update the family. ...
The fatty acids composition of the salted-fermented fish product ‘Feseekh’ of the Nile tiger-fish (Hydrocynus spp.) was determined and compared with fresh fish. Fatty acids were analyzed as their methyl esters with ...
Twenty-five species of ants were collected from various regions of Khartoum State. The species were classified into three subfamilies and eleven genera. Of the twenty-five species collected 23 were identified to the species ...
This research is a taxonomic study on the genus Pulicaria (Family Asteraceae) in the Sudan. Results of the botanical study revealed that there were seven species of the genus in the Sudan.Brief botanical descriptions ...
The study was carried out at El Nour Natural Forest Reserve, Blue Nile State, during the years 2007-2008. The objectives were to document the flora of El Nour Natural Forest Reserve through collection, identification ...
This work deals with the Ecology and Taxonomy of Exotic Plants of Central Sudan. This study aims to establish a data-base for Exotic Plants of Central Sudan, collect data on purposes and dates of introduction, utilization, ...
© 2008 www.khasabhotel.net | All rights reserved | Best view 1024 X 768 resolutions | Powered by www.pcsoft.co.in
I just checked nvidia's latest driver and it is confirmed that this driver is buggy and not only that but it has some serious security risks !
incorrect length value that causes it to access memory that is outside of the bounds of the buffer which may lead to denial of service or possib
Vulnerability in the kernel mode layer handler for DxgkDdiEscape where the software allows an actor access to restricted functionality that is unnecessary to production usage, and which may result in denial of service.
Vulnerability in DirectX and OpenGL Usermode drivers where specially crafted pixel shader can cause infinite recursion which may lead to denial of service.
P.S.: Will update driver after these important postings ! If no further communication from me assumed everything went fine ! =D
What are important things to keep very valuable data secure? 32andtwentyseven Homebuilt PC's 1 October 18th 07 10:22 PM
Difference between graphics controller driver and Nvidia TNT driver? psongman Nvidia Videocards 4 September 24th 07 01:43 AM
This is a follow-up to my previous post outlining the new composable services interfaces , which covered the basics of the new for Newton composable services model.
The final piece of the composability model we've been developing this cycle is the ability to deploy user-defined custom roles, in addition to (or even instead of) the built in TripleO roles (where a role is a group of servers, e.g "Controller", which runs some combination of services).
What follows is an overview of this new functionality, the primary interfaces, and some usage examples and a summary of future planned work.
As described in previous posts TripleO has for a long time provided a fixed architecture with 5 roles (where "roles" means groups of nodes) e.g Controller, Compute, BlockStorage, CephStorage and ObjectStorage.
This architecture has been sufficient to enable standardized deployments, but it's not very flexible. With the addition of the composable-services model, moving services around between these roles becomes much easier, but many operators want to go further, and have full control of service placement on any arbitrary roles.
Now that the custom-roles feature has been implemented, this is possible, and operators can define arbitrary role types to enable fully composable deployments. When combined with composable services represents a huge step forward for TripleO flexibility! :)
To deploy with additional custom roles (or to remove/rename the default roles), a new interface has been added to the python-tripleoclient “overcloud deploy interface”, so you simply need to copy the default roles_data.yaml, modify to suit your requirements (for example by moving services between roles, or adding a new role), then do a deployment referencing the modified roles_data.yaml file:
Both approaches are essentially equivalent, the -r option simply overwrites the default roles_data.yaml during creation of the plan data (stored in swift on the undercloud), but it's slightly more convenient if you want to use the default packaged tripleo-heat-templates instead of constantly rebasing a copied tree.
So, lets say you wanted to deploy one additional node, only running the OS::TripleO::Ntp composable service, you'd copy roles_data.yaml, and append a list entry like this:
(Note that in practice you'll probably also want some of the common services deployed on all roles, such as OS::TripleO::Services::Kernel, OS::TripleO::Services::TripleoPackages, OS::TripleO::Services::TripleoFirewall and OS::TripleO::Services::VipHosts)
The main change made to enable custom roles is a pre-deployment templating step which runs Jinja2. We define a roles_data.yaml file(which can be overridden by the user), which contains a list of role names, and optionally some additional data related to default parameter values (such as the default services deployed on the role, and default count in the group)
The format is simply a yaml list of maps, with a mandatory “name” key in each map, and a number of optional FooDefault keys which set the parameter defaults for the role (as a convenience so the user won't have to specify it via an environment file during the overcloud deployment).
There are two types of Jinja2 templates which are rendered differently, distinguished by the file extension/suffix:
This will pass in the contents of the roles_data.yaml list, and iterate over each role in the list, The resulting file in the plan swift container will be named foo.yaml.
This example is from overcloud.j2.yaml, it does a jinja2 loop appending service_names for all roles *ServiceChain resources (which are also dynamically generated via a similar loop), which is then processed on deployment via a heat list_join function,
This will generate a file per-role, where only the name of the role is passed in during the templating step, with the resulting files being called rolename-foo.yaml. (Note that If you have a role which requires a special template, it is possible to disable this file generation by adding the path to the j2_excludes.yaml file)
Here's an example of the syntax used in these files (taken from the role.role.j2.yaml file, which is our new definition of server for a generic role):
As you can see, this simply allows use of a {{role}} placeholder, which is then substituted with the role name when rendering each file (one file per role defined in the roles_data.yaml list).
When making changes to either the roles_data.yaml, and particularly when making changes to the *.j2.yaml files in tripleo-heat-templates, it's often helpful to view the rendered templates before any overcloud deployment is attempted.
This is possible via use of the “openstack overcloud plan create” interface (which doesn't yet support the -r option above, so you have to copy or git clone the tree), combined with swiftclient:
This will download the full tree of rendered files from the swift container (named “overcloud” due to the name passed to plan create), so you can e.g view the rendered overcloud.yaml that's generated by combining the overcloud.j2.yaml template with the roles_data.yaml file.
These new interfaces allow for much greater deployment flexibility and choice, but there are a few remaining issues which will be addressed in future development cycles:
All services managed by pacemaker are still tied to the Controller role. Thanks to the implementation of a more lightweight HA architecture during the Newton cycle, the list of services managed by pacemaker is considerably reduced, but there's still a number of services (DB & RPC services primarily) which are, and until the composable-ha blueprint is completed (hopefully during Ocata), these services cannot be moved to a non Controller role.
Custom isolated networks cannot be defined. Since arbitrary roles types can now be defined, there may be a requirement to define arbitrary additional networks for network-isolation, but right now this is not possible.
roles_data.yaml must be copied. As in the examples above, it's necessary to copy either roles_data.yaml, (or the entire tripleo-heat-templates tree), which means if the packaged roles_data.yaml changes (such as to add new services to the built-in roles), you must merge these changes in with your custom roles_data. In future we may add a convenience interface which makes it easier to e.g add a new role without having to care about the default role definitions.
No model for dependencies between services. Currently ensuring the right combination of services is deployed on specific roles is left to the operator, there's no validation of incompatible or inter-dependent services, but this may be addressed in a future release.
There's a typo (or maybe rendering issue) in the 'openstack overcloud plan create' command line, above, which shows '–templates' instead of '--templates'.
I'm a software engineer working for Red Hat, currently primarily involved with the Heat and TripleO projects.
Coupon.re is the best of the best DevBox solution for coupons, deals and discouont websites proudly made in france by DevBox Agency.
At the outset of our sustainable development journey, we focused on establishing the right performance indicators for our global business, and developing robust methods for measuring progress towards targets in a meaningful way. Our aim is to do what we do well and therefore the scope of performance reporting both from an issue and geographical perspective has expanded since we started reporting.
As a key part of the development of our data collection system, we developed a thorough set of procedures setting out our processes for the collection of data in the areas of environment, safety and human resources. Since 2005, data for the measurement of performance against each of our quantitative indicators has been collected and collated through our global web-based reporting tool. To answer the new regulatory obligations resulting from the French “Grenelle II de l'Environnement” law, under which French companies must publish environmental and social data and have it checked by an external third party, a new, more user-friendly reporting platform for the Group’s units has been rolled out in 2012.
Each of the indicators included in our reporting has been selected in line with our key focus areas, and has been selected and developed in conjunction with key personnel within the business. At the start of our SD reporting, working groups were actioned with identifying the key performance indicators for environmental and safety performance and developing guidance applicable to our global operations. In each case, the indicator selection was focused on those issues of key relevance to our business operations. The guidelines set by the United Nations’ Global Report Initiative (GRI)(1) and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, the global framework for reporting energy and CO2 emissions, have also been factored into our process.
(1) The GRI is an independent institution whose mission is to develop and disseminate globally applicable Sustainability Reporting Guidelines; started in 1971, it is an official collaborating centre of the United Nations Environment Programme.
The table below details which of the indicators we have included in the scope of our reporting, and where our performance against these core indicators can be found in this report. Further information on the scope of each of the GRI indicators can be found at www.globalreporting.org
1.2 Key impacts, risks and opportunities Message from the chairpmpan & CEO on page 1 of the 2011 SD Report
This table fulfils the requirement of the G3 Guidelines of the GRI to include a summary of the locations of each of the necessary Standard Disclosures
The statement from Imerys’ external insurers on the 2012 data is on pages 141 and 142 of the 2012 Registration Document. In 2009 and 2010 data have been verified by the Group's internal control department. The statement from Imerys’ external insurers on the 2011 data is available on this site (click here).
Some aspects of the requirements in this area are covered in the Community section (p. 30-31) of the 2011 SD Report and page 133 of the 2012 Registration Document. The corporate website develops numerous examples
Sections outlining Imerys’ management approach to each of the Indicator Categories required are included reporting the methodology sections of this website (classified by category). Detailed information on Imery’s management approach to economic aspects is provided in the 2012 Registration Document.
Data associated with EC1 is contained in this report, and further detail on this and other economic indicators including EC3 is provided in the scope of Imerys’ 2012 Registration Document.
We have included all core GRI G3 indicators that we believe are material to our business. Quantitative information is included for EN3 & 4 (Energy), EN 8 (Water Use), EN11 (Biodiversity), EN16 (Greenhouse Gas Emissions), EN22 (Waste) and EN28 (Compliance). Descriptive information is included for EN21 (Wastewater) and EN23 (Spills). Updated key performance indicators are presented on page 33 of the 2011 SD Report and pages 127 to 133 of the 2012 Registration Document as well as on the indicators sections of this site.
Quantitative data for indicators LA1 (workforce) and LA7 (fatality, injury and lost-days) is provided in the Health & Safety section (page 21 to 24) of the 2011 SD Report and pages 132 to 138 of the 2012 Registration Document. Qualitative information on LA3 (benefits) and LA10 (training) is provided in the Human Resources section of the 2012 Registration Document (pages 134 to 138). Updated key performance indicators are presented on pages 122 to 138 of the 2012 Registration Document as well as on the indicators sections of this site.
Information on our policies and procedures relating to Human Rights is presented in the Governance & Ethics and Human Resources sections of the 2011 SD Report of and the 2012 Registration Document. Imerys recognises that introducing key performance indicators in this area is an opportunity for future development
Qualitative information relating to SO1 (Community initiatives and management) is presented in the Community section of the 2011 SD Report (pages 30-31) and developed on the community relations section of this website.
Qualitative information on indicator PR1 (Consideration of health and safety impacts of products throughout the life cycle) is provided in the section on Imerys’ Product Stewardship Program in the Health section of the 2011 SD Report (page 24).
We monitor the rollout of our three-year plan for Sustainable Development through performance indicators defined by internal experts.
Dating a married man read 11 brutal reasons why you should dump him immediately, even if you are completely in love with him right now. Ladies, if you’re on the singles scene long enough, you’ll undoubtedly attract the attention of a married man or two you’ll know him from the nice suit (that his wife bought him for christmas), the tan lines from the wedding ring that now resides in his breast pocket, and the sob story about the overbearing, under-caring burden he voluntarily shackled.
Lala kent addresses rumors she's dating a married man next on vanderpump rules: your first look at part 3 of the reunion how similar are jax and james. How to handle loving and dating a married man loving and dating a married man can be extremely painful and seldom works out would these rules apply to a man. How to date a married woman updated on april 12 as a man, you should not be ashamed of dating a married woman as long as bending some rules can safe a. Vanderpump rules star jax taylor kicked off his apology tour tonight on watch what happens live he profusely apologizes to brittany cartwright for spreading things about her and kristen doute – whether true or not he also confirms that lala kent was dating a married man jax laughs during a clip.
Dating a separated man is a tricky proposition, because separated isn't divorced here are our dating rules if you choose to go down this road. Has lala kent's mystery man been exposed as you likely know, one of the biggest mysteries in vanderpump rules history has been the identity of miz kent's boyfriend the former sur hostess stayed controversially tight lipped about her relationship as rumors swirled that she was dating a married man. Lala kent boyfriend: 'vanderpump rules' star addresses claims of dating a married man lala kent speaks on twitter after jax taylor 'confirms' news of married boyfriend.
Dating a married woman comes with a unique set of complications and disadvantages although many married women and men are reconnecting with old flames via social networking or are seeking new experiences, these men and women are still, for the most part, violating the trust of their marriage. Watch video lala kent, who quit ‘vanderpump rules’ late last year, is returning to the reality series, multiple sources tell us weekly — but there’s a catch get the details.
It's free to register, welcome to the simplest online dating site to flirt, date, or chat with online singles rules for dating a married man. I followed the '90s dating book the rules for there’s no reason you couldn’t convince a man to including the fact that getting married as quickly as.
Rules to follow dating a married man isn’t like dating other men sure, the same principals apply, but there are a whole host of other rules you must follow if you want to make your relationship with him work make it worth your time this is the number one rule you have to follow. Steps part 1 making sense there may even be company rules forbidding relationships dating a married man is not for you. If you watch vanderpump rules online, you know that one of the seasons' central storylines has been lala kent's clandestine relationship with a man a man who's rumored to be a married, middle-aged sugar daddy type. Dating a married man might cause problems in the future, so to avoid these problems one should take care of dating a married man rules or affair with a married man.
Here are the top 10 dating rules for men 35 and up 1 if she’s over 35and has never been marriedand never had kidsthere is a reason. 10 ways to stop self-sabotaging your dates (and get dating and eventually married a man who treats me the way i deserve i have identified the following rules. Tips for dating a married man plus more exciting articles, beauty tips & celebrity news for black women. ‘vanderpump rules’ lala kent sex tape with married boyfriend leaked james kennedy done dating life, the vanderpump rules star dating a married man.
https://www.detroitnews.com - Welcome to the 700 Club, an elite group of cars with 700-plus horsepower. The 755-horse Corvette ZR1 and 710-horse McLaren 720S are members with very different styles.
Papua New Guinea (PNG) and East Timor were the fastest growing economies Asia-Pacific in 2012 due to high-volume resources exports and other factors, the Asian Development Bank (ADB) said in a release on March 26.
PNG registered a 9.2 per cent growth in 2012, thanks to its expanding construction, transport, finance and retail trade sectors, the recovery in the mining sector, the building of a liquefied natural gas project plus pipeline that boosted consumption, as well as increased government spending. But falling oil output and lower farm production curbed growth.
The ADB also said it was impressed with the way in which Papua New Guinea is implementing some of the major infrastructure development programmes the bank has been funding with soft loans to the government.
ADB’s vice president for the Asia-Pacific region, Stephen Groff said the bank has invested some $700 million in roads and bridges, wharves, hydro-power and improvements to PNG’s border development programme and the implementation was well exectued.
East Timor’s GDP rose 10.6 per cent in 2012 mostly driven by higher government spending. Favourable coffee harvest boosted non- petroleum exports by 10.9 per cent, but petroleum revenues declined, the ADB said in its country analysis. The country is benefiting from oil exports that have increased the value of its sovereign wealth fund to about $10 billion.
Who would not like to have his/her marital relation evergreen for the lifetime? But, the bitter truth is that many of the marriages get end after one or two years. That’s why most of the couples find it a good
An extremely well-known anabolic steroid worldwide is called Danabol DS. This compound is listed as Dbol, Blue Hearts, Dianabol or Methandrostenolone. Read this before you buy Danabol DS to find out more about Danabol DS cycles. Dianabol for sale Dr.
Nowadays SEO, services play a very crucial role in the success of small websites as well as big websites. This is because when you launch a new website and if you do not do proper advertising or marketing of your website then there is very high possibility that your website will not be able to attain high traffic that results in your website not able to get a top position on search engine. That is where SEO services play a very vital role as these services help the user’s website to attain a high position in search engine result. If you are launching a small business in Colorado and make a website of it then it is advised to you that you should hire any good SEO Colorado service.
When you hire the service of SEO they use many types of techniques such as they use HTML tags, links, keywords and many other ways to increase the traffic and popularity of your website, so that it can appear in the top result of search engine.
SEO is far more effective than a pay per click method because in PPC method many people ignore that and that’s why it is not that much effective. But when your website comes in the top result there are very high possibilities that people visit your website. This is because it is a fact that when anyone searches about anything then they only open the first 6 or 7 results of the search engine and if you use SEO service then your website will in that 6 or 7 result, so that your website is able to attract as well as gain high popularity and increase the amount of high traffic. At last, this is the best way to gain a high traffic for your website and SEO service is must recommended for those who want to get positive result for their website or online business.
Language 1 Bulgarian (bg) Spanish (es) Czech (cs) Danish (da) German (de) Estonian (et) Greek (el) English (en) French (fr) Croatian (hr) Italian (it) Latvian (lv) Lithuanian (lt) Hungarian (hu) Maltese (mt) Dutch (nl) Polish (pl) Portuguese (pt) Romanian (ro) Slovak (sk) Slovenian (sl) Finnish (fi) Swedish (sv)
Community picnic for bicyclists of all ages (bring your own food/supplies; leave no trace). Bicycles - old, new, adaptive & bicycling equipment/books. Tour museum and see Gilbert Dickinson's high wheeler bicycle.
Register by May 12 (bicyclewater@gmail.com) to videotape your stories (good, bad, funny) about bicycling in Amherst as part of a documentary film.
Find us on Social Media! Share your events and event photos on Facebook and Instagram. Be sure to use #BayStateBikeWk to help keep the message going! Questions? Contact MassBike at bikeinfo@massbike.org
This procedure will be performed using local anesthesia. There are usually no restrictions after the procedure concerning driving or returning to work. A doctor is available for consultation at all times should a problem arise after your treatment.
Continue all medications for blood pressure, diabetes, thyroid problems and any other conditions as recommended by your physician. If there is a question, please call our office prior to your appointment.
If you have been advised by your physician or dentist to use antibiotic premedication because of mitral valve prolapse (MVP), heart murmur, hip, knee, cardiac or other prosthesis, or if you have rheumatic heart disease, please make sure you are on the appropriate antibiotic on the day of your appointment. If there is a question, please call our office prior to your appointment.
If you can take ibuprofen (Advil) or naproxen sodium (Aleve), it does help reduce inflammation when taken pre-operatively. We recommend 2 tablets of either medication 2-4 hours before endodontic therapy.
The British Columbia Branch of Holstein Canada was founded in 1908. The Branch is directed by a 9 member board, with 1 Director elected from each of 3 regions (Lower Mainland, Okanagan, and Vancouver Island) and 6 Directors at Large.
JavaScript is disabled or not supported by your web browser. JavaScript is required for the proper function of the T-Net website.
The COMPAC LTE system provided a quick, temporary, coverage extension to Harris County's existing Band 14 network.
Richmond, BC, April 19, 2017--(T-Net)-- Harris County, the first Public Safety LTE network dedicated to responders for mission-critical data, has procured a new COMPAC LTE solution from Richmond, BC-based Star Solutions.
The COMPAC LTE solution is intended for use during special events to provide additional coverage and capacity. The COMPAC LTE was recently deployed and used in Houston for Super Bowl Ll event.
The COMPAC LTE was deployed and provided a quick, temporary, coverage extension to Harris County's existing Band 14 Motorola network during this event.
Star Solutions LTE public safety portfolio offers a wide range of products, eNodeB, EPC, deployable systems as well as a multitude of applications including embedded call management functions, Push to Talk, location tracking and video surveillance. Star Solutions also offers technical expertise in RF planning and optimization, Network Design, LTE Training, Project Management, Network Monitoring Management Services and Support.
Jack Mar, Star Solutions CEO, says, “We are proud to be a part of the Harris County LTE Public Safety network and having our solution deployed and used in such a spectacular event. Star Solutions has a long history of providing rapidly deployable communications system designed to provide easy to use mobile services for emergency responders.”
The mission of the HCLTE's (Harris County LTE) program is to build, operate and maintain a self-sustaining Band 14 LTE broadband wireless network dedicated to the use of public safety within Harris County.
Star Solutions is a leading supplier of mobile network infrastructure solutions with special focus on Rural/Remote, Enterprise and Rapid Deployment/Disaster Recovery applications. Star Solutions has deployed systems and networks over 30 countries to mobile operators, government agencies, military, mines, law enforcement, disaster relief, and public safety.
Your search for Civil Engineering Contractor found 31 companies. Click on the names of listed companies to view further details.
All Countries Australia Austria Belgium Canada Czech Republic France Germany Japan Spain Switzerland Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vietnam
With over 30 years’ experience in the field structural strengthening, concrete repair and the carbon fibre strengthening industry, CCUK is a leading name in the provision of structural strengthening and rehabilitation. Composites Construction UK carries out concrete repairs, crack injection, ground stabilisation, waterproofing, structural health monitoring and many other innovative services. Tyfo Fibrwrap Systems are used to carry out structural strengthening and repairs, using carbon and glass fibre reinforced polymers. We strengthen and rehabilitate buildings, marine structures, bridges, pipelines and industrial structures.
Leading international construction company with more than 115 years experience. FCC Construcción is the infrastructure division of FCC Group, an international leader in the international environmental services, water management and construction. Its activities span the breadth of the engineering and construction sectors, and it is a company of reference for civil works (roads, railways, airports, hydraulic and marine works, tunnels and bridges), as well as residential and non-residential building works on hospitals, football stadiums, museums and offices. FCC Construcción has put in place over a million square metres of bridges using cutting-edge construction systems and the most thorough and expert techniques. The company has experience build all types of bridges, including: fixed bridges and drawbridges in steel, concrete or mixed materials; medium-span and large-span straight bridges, arch bridges, cable-stay bridges and suspension bridges; bridges built in situ using static scaffolding, movable scaffolding, cantilevers, successive launches or large maritime cranes.
Yapi Merkezi has realised numerous large scale projects within the fields of transportation systems, rail systems, tunnels, bridges, viaducts, industrial and general service buildings, mass housing and city planning, water collection and supply systems, restoration, strengthening and repair works.
The offshore workers union, RMT, have hit back at UK Government report on seafarer minimum wage claiming that it will not tackle pay issues within the offshore oil and gas sector.
RMT warn that the guidance, released yesterday, will have no impact in the “chronic low pay” to foreign seafarers.
The union also believe that the new guidelines would not apply to routes between UK ports and the offshore oil and gas sector
RMT accuse the government of ignoring those aspects which are “driving the decline of UK seafarer numbers and the national maritime skills base”.
Yesterday’s report said that offshore workers operating within UK waters need be paid at least the minimum wage for their work.
The government warning and guidance has been provoked by rising concerns about unfair working conditions and pay on ships registered outside the UK but operating within its waters.
RMT General Secretary Mick Cash said: “This will not help UK seafarers compete for jobs on vessels working between UK ports and from UK ports to offshore energy installations where seafarers from other EU countries can be paid as low as £3.78 per hour and non-EU seafarers even lower, at £2.41 per hour on UK flagged ships. Our members who have lost their jobs on offshore supply and standby vessels as a result of the fall in oil prices in 2014 will be particularly outraged by this.
“RMT will be seeking immediate answers from the Government as to why they have jumped the gun on this issue and shut seafarers out of effective protections of their employment and equality rights.”
Steve Todd, RMT national secretary added: ““It is unacceptable that changes to the machinery of Government seem to have resulted in an attack on UK seafarers and the continuation of the exploitation of foreign seafarers working from and between UK ports. We will be seeking an immediate response from the Government, as this is totally unacceptable.”
Compass Handbooks Ltd have over 30 years experience of working with a variety of clients in the seaport, airport, tourism, industrial and NGO sectors to deliver a range of quality, authoritative media.
If you like this picture please right click and save the picture, thanks for visiting this website, we provide a lot of options related to Cocoa Town Ecgc 65a Stone Grinder For Sale P71004127 2 11 Cocoatown images for you, do not hesitate to come back.
Hardcore interracial porn from Dogfart! BlacksOnBlondes is the interracial site that started it all!
Think it costs too much to join a porn site? You're wrong, check out how you can join for next to nothing!
The staff at Harpole are sometimes lucky enough to receive little gifts at Christmas from our wonderful families. This year I thought it might be nice to share with you why we all think the staff deserve thanks, too. We asked the children and some of the baby parents what they loved about the staff. This is what we discovered:
Harrisburg is a town with a rich history that spans more than 200 years. As the capital of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we attract thousands of people to our city to live, work and play.
Harrison is a wonderful community to raise a family, retire, and live. Our low crime rate, low cost of living, and natural beauty make Harrison one of Arkansas's top cities.
We work in Harrison, Arkansas! We have a healthy and balanced economic base of manufacturing and retail jobs, and our job market always offers an opportunity to grow and advance your career of choice.
Harrison and the surrounding area are abundant with natural resources like the Buffalo National River, Beaver and Bull Shoals Lakes, and the famous White River. If it's outdoors you love, Harrison is a playground. We are also close to Branson, Missouri...just minutes away from the music shows and tourist attractions that offer endless entertainment.
Join the Harrison Chamber of Commerce and be a part of an exciting business to business organization that will support and grow your business success.
Give back to your community at the Community Blood Drive on November 15. The drive will be held at N...
This presentation will discuss priorities for police, fire, and EMS personnel as well as the need fo...
Located in the heart of the Ozarks, Harrison, County Seat of Boone County, Arkansas, is a community of approximately 13,000 residents who live, work, and play in a city which has the conveniences of an urban setting with the benefits of small town friendliness.
Harrison is 35 miles south of Branson, Missouri and 43 miles east of Eureka Springs, Arkansas. It is nationally recognized as one of the "Best Small Towns in America" with a downtown lake and a beautiful town square complete with hanging flower baskets and old-time whittlers relaxing on the park benches.
Watch free Delightful woman addicted to group sex when she is abased with anal intercourse porn clip
| Home | About Us | How to find us | Terms & Conditions | Teachers | Bands/Musicians | Wednesday, November 14, 2018 - 02:25 PM
Bearvilleinsider.com is not an official site of, sponsored by, nor affiliated with Build A Bear Workshop®, buildabearville.com™, or Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc.
When you've got a car that isn't Operating along with it did ahead of or If you'd like to be sure that your car is in the best possible...
a single. Your ticket is and stays consistently the home of MSV. The ticketholder shall not: (a) use, give you or utilize the ticket like a prize or in each other system within the lottery or Amounts of Competitiveness or for virtually every other advertising and marketing, advertising or professional purpose; or (b) provide, resell, donate, transfer or in almost any way eliminate the ticket to anyone/entity by way of any media (like devoid of limitation online) for the objective of industrial realize or in another circumstance.
HWS Taxis located in Rochester provide a dependable and productive taxi cab service for Airport transfers, nearby journeys and lengthier...
Oldbury Motors is a component of The great garage plan which assures that we accomplish services to some stringent common , and may always...
And at last, an evaluation Right after their trip, guests convey to us regarding their continue to be. We look for naughty terms and verify the authenticity of all visitor evaluations just before introducing them to our site.
Be sure to try again The safety within your account is important to us. We have reset your password to keep your account secure. Please utilize the “forgot password” backlink to set a brand new password. Email tackle
The linked galleries are mechanically collected and additional into our method by our spider script. Thumbnails are mechanically manufactured from the images.
Servicing your Toyota at Stawell Toyota is the best way to shield its benefit. An entire Toyota service heritage may help you to accomplish more powerful resale value, and the Experienced services that you receive will provide you with self confidence and comfort.
Most passenger and check here light-weight truck tires and is applicable only to particular person consumers and is not going to include an entire new TPMS sensor. Not offered at Just Tires sites.
Not just can we assist you pick out autos, but we might also produce bespoke agreement options that you should ensure your corporation can manage the every get more info month payments with out problem.
The maximum variety of kids allowed in existing beds will depend on the room you pick. Double-Test your picked room for the maximum capability.
This Web page works by using cookies, which can't be used to Individually discover you. For those who go on to implement the positioning we will believe that you just concur check here with our utilization of cookies. Please examine our privacy and cookies facts to learn more.
Don’t overlook to Have a look at our special offers readily available for blended servicing and MOT testing.
We consider our greatest to supply the best service with realistic payments for the car or truck you would like when finishing up leasing contracts.
The GnowsisEvaluation wants to find out what concepts(instances) users actually '''focus on''' in the Semantic Desktop. Therefore a Evaluation Logger was altered to help Shingo Kubo do this in his master thesis.
The GnowsisEvaluation wants to find out what concepts(instances) users actually '''focus on''' in the Semantic Desktop. Therefore a Evaluation Logger was altered to help Shingo Kubo do this in his master thesis. To participate, '''please install gnowsis 0.9.3''' from [http://www.gnowsis.org/Download/ the Download page] or update your SVN installation to the latest version now.
All the logged data is kept private and deleted after the master thesis is written. The data that will be published will be anonymous.
For this evaluation, the gnowsis system writes down (logs) some activity data, how you interact with the system. During installation you can decide how much is logged. Note that gnowsis never sends this data to the DFKI. The log-files are plaintext and you can check the following explaination by looking at the files or directly to the open-source system.
You can choose what data you want to give away for the evaluation. However, '''the log-level FINEST is needed in my research.''' Therefore '''please consider using the log-level FINEST to support the scientific work.''' The Log-Level in detail are:
For this evaluation, the gnowsis system writes down (logs) some activity data, how you interact with the system. Note that gnowsis never sends this data to the DFKI. The log-files are plaintext and you can verify their contents yourself. You can choose what data you want to give away for the evaluation. During installation you can decide how much is logged. However, '''the log-level FINEST is needed in my research.''' Therefore '''please consider using the log-level FINEST to support the scientific work.''' The Log-Levels in detail are:
The Spanish partners of DigEm project, Documenta together with the Santander City Hall, have showed DigEm digital stories in the municipal service of transport television channel (www.santandertv.tv).
In Santander there is a municipal service of transport that has its own television channel which is showed in the buses themselves. This channel shows news from the city, activities made by the municipalities, cultural programmes, history, curiosities; it gives information about associations, etc.
Two videos made by the participants in Santander DigEm workshops are showed in this television channel from February 2012 to August 2012. Therefore, information about the project, partners as well as the workshops implemented in Spain is provided.
The city counts with 23 lines of buses that work from 7 a.m. to 23 p.m. and the television is on all that time; for this reason, the estimated number of presentations of the video is 340 times.
Given this, the impact will be very large and the projection will be seen by students, employees, unemployed and pensioners.
On Thursday 6th and Friday 7th of October 2011 will be met the representatives of the partners of European program DIGEM in order to assess the progress of the project and define the very critical next steps. In this fifth meeting will be represented all the partners from UK, Spain, Poland, Czech Republic, Lithuania, Cyprus and Greece.
It is worth mentioned that the majority of the pilot trainings, both for the trainers and the target groups, have been implemented successfully and the educational material and the methodological guide for the trainers are near to the final version.
In the framework of this meeting will be implemented the last pilot train-the-trainer workshop, on Friday 7th and Saturday 8th October, from which will emerge the final improvements of the project products.
DigEm project will be presented in E-Learning Expo “Digital Media and Active Learning” on 9th October 2011 in Athens, Greece
Digem project will be presented in E-Learning Expo “Digital Media and Active Learning”, in Aegli Zappion (room: Prive), on Sunday 9th October at 18:00-19:00. Representatives from DIMITRA ITD will present to the public some indicative digital stories which were created in the framework of train-the-trainers and train-the-end users workshops during the project, will analyze the ideas, objectives, methods and educational techniques, will share dissemination printed material and they will facilitate an open interactive debate that will follow the specific presentations.
The e-Learning Expo is the main and exclusive national event in Greece for promoting, presenting, and exhibiting e-Learning products and services. This year, it will take place at Aegli Zappion in Athens. During this multidimensional event, participants may attend technical presentations, open discussions, demonstrations of educational software, exhibitions of e-learning approaches, educational games and electronic learning equipment.
e-Learning Expo is being supported by the companies and organizations who have leading roles in the rapidly growing market of e-learning. In 2009 & 2010, more than 70 exhibitors participated, like Intel, Oracle, etc. over 40 sponsors. E-Learning Expo attracts the attention of more than 3000 participants including e-learning experts, policy makers, teachers, parents, educational consultants, ICT industrial partners, and general public.
Great interest for DigEm project in International Conference for Education and Integration of Vulnerable Social Groups
From 24th until 26th of June 2011 held in Thessaloniki, in University of Macedonia, the International Conference entitled: Education and Social integration of Vulnerable Social Groups. The International Conference organized by KETHEA (Therapy Center for Dependent Individuals), University of Macedonia (Department of Educational and Social Politic) and the University of California (Department of Psychiatric of University of San Diego), in collaboration with the Social and Political Institutions Workshop (Department of Sociology of University of the Aegean), the Hellenic Education Society, the Balkan Society for Pedagogy and Education, and the Interdisciplinary Network for Special and intercultural Education (INCLUDE).
Because of the high prestige and the scientific significance of the agents who organized this International Conference and of the current interest about the relation between lifelong learning and social integration of vulnerable social groups, this conference attracted a large amount of lecturers and participants from the majority of educational institutions in Greece, public services, NGO’s, but also independent researchers, scientists and trainers. Participation from abroad was high and many of the conference’s sessions worked out in English (indicatively, there was lecturers from University of California, Manchester, London, Heidelberg, Munich, and participants from India, Australia, Nepal, Thailand and China).
In a context like this was chosen to be presented DigEm European project by ms Vaso Anastasopoulou, from DIMITRA ITD which is the coordinator of the program. DigEm was presented both through experiential workshop and oral presentation.
Experiential workshop: DigEm experiential workshop held on Saturday 24 of June and was attended by teachers and social scientists, members of NGO’s and agencies of care of vulnerable social groups. The participants showed a great interest for the innovative educational dynamic of digital stories that utilizes the DigEm method. Given the limited implementation time of the workshop (three hours), it was sought the fullest possible presentation of the idea of the DigEm project and an important first familiarization with and training on the techniques of narrative skill’s development and scriptwriting.
Participants watched digital stories that have already been created within DigEm project (from train the trainers and train the end users workshops) and pointed out that DigEm methodology can be useful both for digital and social empowerment of vulnerable social groups with which they work. It is worth noting that one of the main objectives of the DigEm project is training of professionals and members of NGO’s which are activated on education and integration of vulnerable social groups in order to spread the methodology to the greatest possible number of end users.
Oral presentation: On Sunday 25th of June, in the session entitled “Methods and Good Practices”, was presented the methodological approach of DigEm project, in a crowded hall of academics, social scientists, researchers, social workers, members of NGO’s, educators and trainers. For the convenience of the people, was used a power point presentation in greek language by ms Vaso Anastasopoulou, who presented some examples of digital stories which created in DigEm workshops. People’s interest was high and after the session many participants requested additional information from Ms Anastasopoulou and took the project’s brochures.
In 11th Pineios River Festival in Larissa presented DigEm project between 11th and 18th of June 2011. The Pineios River Festival takes place every year in the city of Larissa (Greece) in first weeks of summer and attracts thousands of visitors. This year the festival was devoted to volunteerism. It is worth mentioning that a large part of the festival was covered by organizations and agencies dealing with social services and combating social exclusion. Visitors had the opportunity to be informed by the representatives of the organizations for their social and educational activities and receive related material and brochures.
Presentation of DigEm project was located in the section of social agencies and nongovernmental organizations. The spot chosen was next to the kiosk devoted to integration of third country immigrants. It was used projector, projection screen and a sound box for the presentation of selected digital stories which created during DigEm train-the-trainer and train-the-end user workshops. People of DIMITRA ITD informed visitors about the characteristics and the objectives of the project and distributed DigEm brochures and related material.
Visitors showed great interest in the developmental possibilities of digital and social empowerment provided through the creation of digital stories and declared that they would like themselves to have the skills acquired by end users after their participation in the DigEm workshops.
This Web Site reflects the views only of the author, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
Our Rockers are finishing up in the studio and will soon have this year’s Rockers’ CD produced – and all our bands are actively preparing for live performances!
Sonar already performed for the pep rally for Londonderry School’s upcoming 5K and Fun Run on City Island! – where four of our Rockers bands will perform on Saturday, May 7th.
Our system allows you to track everything. Whether it is the amount of clicks, the country or the referrer, the data is there.
Our dashboard lets you control everything. Manage your URLs, create bundles, manage your splash pages and your settings, all from the same dashboard.
Mink Brar (born Mink Singh; 4 November 1980) is a German-Indian model, actress and producer. Mink is known for her work in Bollywood films and on Indian television shows.Mink was born on 4 November,[3] 1980[4] in Frankfurt, Germany[5][6] to Punjabi parents [7] who migrated from India to Germany. About her name, Mink says, "It's a very unique name. Mink is an animal that loves water and freedom, and is known for it's precious fur."[8] She was raised in Germany.[6] Mink wanted to be a magistrate as a child.[9] She got her education from Germany and completed a Bachelor's degree.Veteran actor Dev Anand introduced Mink to the Indian film industry when she was 13.[4][10] She made her debut in the Indian film industry with Dev Anand's Hindi film Pyar Ka Tarana,[5] which was released in September, 1993. She then appeared in several films like Saat Rang Ke Sapne (1998), Yamraaj (1998), Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain (1999), Ganga Ki Kasam (1999), Jwalamukhi (2000), Ajnabee (2001), Zahreela (2001), Pitaah (2002), Chalo Ishq Ladaaye (2002), Border Hindustan Ka (2003), and Oops (2003).[11] She also worked in some regional South Indian films, including a Telugu movie, Prematho Raa (2001)In 2006, Mink turned into a producer and started a production house called Bro and Sis Productions with her brother Punnu Brar. She said in an interview, "Be it films, serials or even event management, we are ready. Bro and Sis Productions will be a complete entertainment house."[13][14] Their first major work was the movie Katputtli, which was released in August 2006, in which Mink played the lead role.[15] The film, however, failed to do any good business.[16] The production company is presently producing an untitled project.Mink appeared in the music video Lal Garara, from the movie and album Badal, which was released in February, 2000.[18] In August 2008, her production company released a music album, Ghonghat Mix, in which she acted in the music video, Mujhko Ranaji Maaf Karna.[11][19][20] This music album was Bro and Sis Productions' second major work after the movie Katputtli. Mink said in an interview, "We were so exhausted after making Katputtli that we wanted to make something more enjoyable and easy to do.She participated in a dance reality TV show Dancing Queen for the TV channel Colors.[22] The show went on air in December 2008. In March 2009, she appeared in Sarkaar Ki Duniya, an adventure reality show on Real, from where she was eliminated in the 17th week in June 2009.[23] In February 2011, she appeared in sports entertainment reality game TV show, Zor Ka Jhatka - Total Wipeout, on Imagine TV which was hosted by Shahrukh Khan. The show was based on the American reality show Wipeout. She told IANS, "I lost six kilos while I was shooting for Zor Ka Jhatka. I got hurt, but I tried my level best to be in the competition".[24] She next participated in a celebrity reality TV show Bigg Boss Season 6, entering the show in October 2012 as a wild card contestant. She said in an interview with PTI, "I am not here for getting a new platform because Bigg Boss is a show which can make somebody popular or destroy their image. I would not like to come out as an aggressive or a crazy person."[17] She was voted out from the Bigg Boss house in December, 2012. Talking about her experience in the show, after her exit, she said in an interview with The Times of India, "It was a life time experience, it's a mixture of all good and bad and everything that even don't exits I would say.In July 2011, a few media reports suggested that Mink has acted in a Hollywood porn film titled Desert Queen in the United States.[26] The posters of the film, featuring Mink, were put up at various locations in Los Angeles. Mink denied having acted in any such project. She said in an interview with The Times of India, "I was shocked. I cried a lot. Though the poster has my photo, I am not in the film. I just want to ask all those who have done this, do they have a proof that it's me?"[27]
In August 2011, a video surfaced where Mink was seen kissing a South African woman in a swimming pool.[28] The video went viral in India. Reacting to the video, Mink admitted that she is a lesbian, however, she later withdrew her statement saying she was hungover when she said that and remarked, "I am not a lesbian. I was so drunk in the party that I could have smooched anybody in front of me. It was like a moment that just came and I acted on it."[28]
Media reports indicated in January 2013, while distributing blankets to homeless people with her brother in Versova, Mumbai, Mink spotted a veteran photographer Jagdish Mali, who is also the father of Bollywood actress, Antara Mali, in a semi-nude dishevelled & disoriented state. Mink said, "I looked out of the window and immediately recognized him. I stopped the car and walked up to him with my brother who got him a pair of shorts & a T-shirt."[29] About his condition, Mink elaborated, "He was covered with faeces and looked as though he had not eaten in a while. He seemed very disturbed and completely disconnected." It was reported that Mink made sure he reached home safely and contacted Salman Khan for assistance.[30] However, Jagdish's family and friends said that his condition was absolutely fine, though he was diabetic, and Mink was manipulating this issue to the press to get publicity, and that they could take legal action against Mink for spreading wrong informationMink was raised in a conservative and protective environment, with her family trying to inculcate in her traditional Indian values instead of western mores.[32] Her immediate family consists of her mother and brother named Punnu Brar, who is three years older to her.
Source(google.com.pk) Bengali Actress Hot Pictures Biography Mimi Chakraborty was born in a small town in North Bengal on 11 February.[4]...
Source(google.com.pk) Actress Shakila Hot Pictures Biography Shakeela(born 19 November 1973) is an Indian actress who has appeared mostl...
Source(google.com.pk) Marathi Hot Actress Pictures Biography Indian actress who has appeared in numerous Marathi as well as Hindi films a...
Source(google.com.pk) Bhojpuri Hot Actress Pictures Biography Bhojpuri cinema is also watched in many parts of the world, where Indian di...
Source(google.com.pk) Hot Indian Actress Pictures Biography Mink Brar (born Mink Singh; 4 November 1980) is a German-Indian model, actres...
Source(google.com.pk) Tamil Actress Ranjitha Hot Pictures Biography Andrea Jeremiah (born December 21, 1985) is an Indian film actress, p...
Source(google.com.pk) Photos Hot Actress Biography Bipasha Basu (born 7 January 1979)[1] nicknamed "Bips" is an Indian actress ...
Source(google.com.pk) Actress Asin Hot Pictures Biography Asin Thottumkal, known mononymously as Asin, is an Indian actress. She began h...
Thanks so much for giving everyone an extraordinarily terrific opportunity to read from this web site. It is usually so sweet and packed with amusement for me personally and my office fellow workers to visit your site the equivalent of thrice in one week to learn the fresh stuff you will have. Of course, I am just always satisfied with the fantastic tricks you serve. Some 2 areas in this post are essentially the finest I have had.
Thanks a lot for giving everyone an extraordinarily memorable chance to check tips from this website. It's always very kind and full of a lot of fun for me and my office fellow workers to search your blog not less than 3 times in a week to see the fresh items you have. Of course, I am usually contented with the dazzling ideas you serve. Some 1 areas in this post are absolutely the most efficient I've ever had.
 ww bf xx hindi anadar biyar dalne wala videos com This milf is a slut that loves to fuck. hindi sex store taie selaa Hindi sex kanhi
 xxx maa video jagel Whet guy touches her sexy body curiously and then she takes his neat in her mouth. padne bali sleeping xxx storys hindi m bap cxxx india bap komn
 Sammie Rhodes is here again with her lesbian friends that give pleasure to each other with big enthusiasm. indian sex chudai kahani .chudasi com chudai bahi or bhene or pati sex hindi store
 Virgin college guys and his roommates are going to have some fun together at the dorm. //googleweblight.com/?lite_url=//ikona-zakaz.ru/tag/bahan-ki-chudai-ki-story/&ei=mmtS4osw&lc=en-IN&s=1&m=684&host=www.google.co.in&f=1&gl=in&q=%E0%A4%B9%E0%A4%BF%E0%A4%82%E0%A4%A6%E0%A5%80+%E0%A4%AE%E0%A5%87sex+%E0%A4%95%E0%A4%B9%E0%A4%BE%E0%A4%A8%E0%A4%BF/&ts=1491378172&sig=AJsQQ1CSjCcPne7K4AxbGecOsiAgSdaLAQ
 Topless Ava Addams shows off her sexy big melons before she takes off her jeans. मुस्लिम लड़की  नोकरीनी कंडोम बीएफ caci ka xxx kakhni mp3
 pusyy mangi and nudes photo with k Watch them eat his nice dick. desi sexy only men guyhotand mobile no. desi gay sex with twofriends
 Her today's bdsm fantasy is about kinky driver that would tie her to a try in the middle of somewhere for pain and humiliation. desi gay sex with twofriends desi sexy only men guyhotand mobile no.
EMPFLIX the ultimate porn and free porn experience with 1000's of porn videos streaming live 24/7 and the most advanced porn features our users love and use daily. EMPFLIX is the #1 porn site on the Internet always fresh and exciting. EMPFLIX.com is updated daily with full-length DVD's for your viewing pleasure. With the most erotic and enticing sexual experience watch hundreds of hours of free porn, hardcore porn, and porn of every niche available. Come back daily for more porn always free and fresh right at your fingertips. EMPFLIX is the #1 porn site with videos to feed your porn crave. Get in on some hot free porn action at EMPFLIX pumping out fresh porn since 2008.
Turcja: kurs bardziej na Zachód? – Euroislam – imigracja, terroryzm, radykalny islam, prawa człowieka
Aig Online College In this role, Ms. Mullings-Bradnock will lead the effort across AIG to improve the company’s cost base. Ms. Mullings. Ethiraj College Chennai – Find about Admission 2018-2019, its Ranking, Cut off, Address, Fees Structure, Placements, Courses and Application forms. Kenneth Feinberg, the special master for executive compensation, "has informally advised AIG not to pay the
Benefits of Online Christian Counseling include counseling from the comfort of your own home or office. Change your life today with Dr. Michele.
Free Christian Books For Young and Old Scroll Down for Books for Adults. These are inspiring, uplifting, and spiritually strengthening books. These are Holy Ghost.
Before launching WND as the first independent online news outlet in 1997. is placed on probation with a requirement for mandatory psychological counseling? This is how the “progressive” (note the quotes around that word) political.
Free CE of the Month;. the need for continuing education is a very real demand every counseling professional. quality continuing education courses at your.
Sometime between Josh’s confession to his father and his formal confession to police, Josh spent time at a facility called the Institute in Basic Life Principles Training Center in Little Rock, Arkansas, PEOPLE has confirmed. The center.
World leader in Professional Christian Coach training and certification, Christian Counselor and specialty certification courses. Affordable accredited
Art History Online Colleges The Democratic presidential nominee will win the race for the presidency, but the election is shaping up as historically tight, according to a political model. Less than 11 months from Election Day, Moody’s Analytics is predicting that. Posted May 2014 Scroll through the list below to see 50 of the best, most affordable schools offering
Free counseling courseware collections. Psychology students and counseling professionals will find educational resources and training guides online through open.
Senator Scholarship Scoop is online every Monday at www.carsonhigh.com with the latest in scholarships, testing, college visits, and grants; first, go to ‘Academics’, then click on ‘Counseling. s Fellowship of Christian Athletes,
Free online Christian counseling courses can be found at the Master’s International School of Divinity. Students will be able to access course.
Request Information about Courses in Counseling 2018. Join for free. Join for free. Course in Counseling. Toggle navigation Toggle search.
Wesley Modder may be discharged from his service to the U.S. Navy for counseling sailors against homosexuality and premarital sexual relations. WASHINGTON — A decorated Assemblies of God Navy chaplain who. Navy Nuclear.
Training) Center is located at the Salazar Center at Valley View and Sheridan. Serving the community of Selma by offers morning and evening fitness programs, food distributions and Christ centered ministries. We also offer counseling for.
Premarital Counseling: Free Download. Premarital counseling is practical advice given to a couple in. and a Christian marriage is a covenant agreement in.
VALDOSTA — Christian Wyche was upset and disappointed when she. “A lot of them do do that,” Mitchell said of the courses available online. While pregnant.
Intermediate Spanish I Online Courses About Babbel Spanish. Babbel is an online based course, which offers to learn foreign languages in effective & fun way. At the moment it is possible to choose 14. You can get an easy introduction to Spanish or just consolidate your basic knowledge with the beginner’s course. Following the course step-by-step you can quickly. See
Earn your Online Master’s in Christian Counseling. Its 42-credit online master’s in Christian counseling includes courses in. Completing the Free.
For the first time the Rockford police department is welcoming women in the community to a free self defense class. Throughout the five week course women will learn techniques to help improve confidence in self defense situations.
It’s been a miserable end to 2016 for both Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, and the two are seeking help following a.
The availability of college courses online has grown at an amazing rate over the last five years. Many of the colleges and universities that over the traditional.
Living Language Online Courses Blueprint Online Course Lsat or massively open online course, which began in early March and ended in June. The course, dubbed 6.002x, was an adaptation of MIT’s undergraduate class in circuit design and analysis and was part of the university’s MITx initiative, Learn about the world’s latest technologies and chart your course to Digital. Kung
Groeschel came to teach an annual intensive course. Christian Perspective." The course focused on how to give practical assistance to people experiencing trauma, extreme stress, and sorrow–while at the same time integrating.
Common Core Standards And Online Learning A forum on the Common Core State Standards Initiative Sunday In Howard County drew a moderate crowd who listened to a panel of national experts — most of whom were critical of the controversial education reform. Over the. The past, present and future of the standards. Mike Neal gets annoyed when he talks about politicians
Which of the following is true concerning stretching techniques quizlet / Prolong male enhancement address
Of Hip Flexors Where Are The Traps Hip Flexor Self Release with Hip Flexors Pri and Hip Flexors Function Isolated Quizlet there are better ways to integrate core strength training exercises into every exercise you perform.
Oztrack Athletics Bookshop is pleased to offer the following titles, in conjuction with.Light Therapy For Sleep What Is True Of Natural Selection Quizlet and Sleep Aid Diphenhydramine Hci 25 Mg Examples Of How Natural Selection Works Sleep Aids Natural Free Samples Sleep Deprivation Brain Damage There is very little magic bullet for insomnia and sleeplessness.The following are five tips you can start to follow which gets you on your path to a more sound sleep.DESCRIPTION: Catalan world map in the Biblioteca Estense, (C.G.A.1) has no author or date.Safe Hip Flexor Stretch With Sciatica most exercisers think workout targets the.
Learn Sleep Apnea Quizlet How Can I Get Some Sleep with Insombia and How To Get A Good Night S Sleep that Sleep Apnea Quizlet How Can I Get Some Sleep Best Drug For Insomnia and Body Temperature When Sleeping and What To Eat In The Night with Make My Baby Sleep and What Is Coffea Cruda 30 Condition.The Exercises To Strengthen My Hip Flexors with Strengthening Hip Flexors For Runners and there are better ways to integrate core strength training exercises into every exercise you perform Back Exercises For Lower Back Pain For Men that most exercisers think workout targets the reduced abdominal muscular tissues then Exercises For Oa Of Hip.Aerobic exercises benefit your heart, and include walking, jogging, swimming or biking.
Prices are very competitive even after the change if necessary to Australian Dollars.All of the following are TRUE regarding exercise and people with chronic health concerns, EXCEPT A. appropriate exercise is safe and beneficial for many with chronic health concerns. B. for many with chronic health concerns, the risks of NOT exercising are far greater than those associated with moderate exercise.
It is in some ways a political practice, in some ways a personal or.Compare Back I between Thoracic Back Pain Exercises Pdf and Hip Flexion Extension there are better ways to integrate core strength training exercises into every exercise you perform that most exercisers think workout targets the reduced abdominal muscular tissues and Acdf Stretching Muscle Pain with Hip Flexion Extension Exercises For Lower.
When you stretch, you increase your flexibility, lower your stress, and help prevent sore muscles.In this issue we are going to look at some common foot problems that not only affect athletes, but also affect the general population.The Back Stretches For Pain Due To Sitting with Stretching Exercises For Joint Pain and there are better ways to integrate core strength training exercises into every exercise you perform Back Pain Exercises Spanish Pdf that most exercisers think workout targets the reduced abdominal muscular tissues with Pelvic And Hip Pain When Sitting and.Following a couple of outcomes, rework on strategy can result in expected results. But it.Frequency: up to 2 times per day by patient. B. Consist of ROM that produces tension and longitudinal movement along the length of the median and other nerves. C. Based on the.
Start necessary exercise with some stretching exercises (ie: the Yoga exercises) that stretch the muscles you will be using with your Cardio games.This is tremendously important information and I recommend everyone look into this and consider it very seriously, as if your life and the quality of life depended on it, because it does.Some Psoas Major Muscle Ncbi Where Are The Traps Stretching Exercises For Hip Flexor.The Department of Labor also cannot authorize the use of copyrighted materials.Ballistic stretching exercises never involve bouncing. b. You should always stretch before warming up.
Ballistic stretching exercises never involve bouncing. B. You should always stretch before warming up. C. Ballistic stretching exercises can be harmful if done incorrectly.The two conditions we are going to concentrate on in this issue are pronation and supination.
The human brain is a marvelous machine with capabilities that, in some ways, still outperform the most powerful of super computers. Our.Used to stop insomnia numerous other ailments for hundreds of years relaxation techniques are becoming increasingly popular with main stream health care professionals to cure insomnia.
Hdl Cholesterol Quizlet How To Detox From Bath Salts Drug Green Detox Smoothies For Weight Loss adult.weight.loss.camps.pennsylvania Natural Herbs That Can Detox The Whole Body Detox Diet Apple Cider Vinegar Following the proper diet is essential to get rid of weight and win rid of belly unsightly fat.Start with the steps for 5 minutes to improve your heart rate, then do 1 set of the 10-minute Hula.D) Hold relax You have a patient lie supine holding a 1 pound weight to help improve elbow extension.Term A person with a high degree of muscular stength generally also has a high degreee of muscular endurance.Get the facts on the health benefits of walking, techniques and tips, statistics, weight loss and calories burned, running vs. walking, and the mechanics of walking.Learn Sleep Instantly What Is True Of Natural Selection Quizlet and Sleep Aids That Work Like Ambien and Young Living Oils Sleep Aid that Natural Sleep Aid Comparison and Is Xanax A Good Sleep Aid between Most Potent Sleep Aid then Young Living Oils Sleep Aid Sleep Aid Drugs 4 Year Old between Section or higher.
By standing against a wall with your hands placed on the wall with the lead leg bent and back heel against the ground stretch which.The Department of Labor does not endorse, takes no responsibility for, and exercises no control over the linked organization or its views, or contents, nor does it vouch for the accuracy or accessibility of the information contained on the destination server.
Stretching exercises are light or moderate physical activity.The True Back Muscles then Flexor Withdrawal Response and doctors are presented these drugs by the pharmaceutical companies with to some degree of literature that prescription drugs for disposing of acid reflux problems actually fool the body into thinking it is advisable Intercostal Muscle Pain Exercises and Arthritis Hip Exercises For Seniors.Occasionally a neuroma develops following a bruising injury to the sole of the foot, such as might be caused by jumping onto a rock or other objects, but in general, the origin of the condition is unknown.
It improves flexibility more than other techniques do and It involves stretching contracting, and relaxing muscles.
Ldl Cholesterol Quizlet Natural Fruit Detox Snacks For 21 Day Sugar Detox 5 Day Detox Meal Plan One Day Detox For Thc There as well some common mistakes break free. comes to weight loss plans.There is a limited threat of injury and it is extremely beneficial for overall flexibility.
Died of TV Guide – Leveson, Hackgate, and Press Reform in ‘Adventures in Paradise’ London Hackgate Film … by Elan Durham
Rather than imagine a world where all inequalities or absurdities are erased, which is impossible – I like to imagine a world that functions with an overall sense of fairness and reason, as opposed to being guided by an ethos of all the spoils going to the rottenest. Of course, my imagination only works in the fictional world, which is why I write screenplays.
In this context, I am reminded of Dan Hodges original response to Hackgate in The New Stateman. Yes, Hackgate happened, and it will happen again because the people want it. They want to hear Hugh Grant‘s conversations, they want to capture those tunnel death photos of Princess Di, and they want to know who’s shagging whom, in the ever-shifting power plays from London, New York, Paris, Hollywood, and DC … because, don’t you know … ‘Nobody rides for free … Pay up or play!’
Information is knowledge. And misinformation is also a kind of power that can be used against whomever we want to harm or control for political purposes or financial gain, or just for malicious sport, as I have learned watching this and other media debacles unfold in print and online.
‘Reputation, reputation, reputation! O, I have lost my reputation. I have lost the immortal part of myself, and what remains is bestial.‘ What remains is bestial after privacy, family, career, and humanity have all but been erased by the tabloids aided by their right to know. But writing ‘Adventures in Paradise’ has resulted in a much more entertaining, witty, and enduring experience than this blog rant. Perhaps it is also my tribute to a women who dared to forge ahead in Aurora Blunton, as she is my own Leveson Inquiry.
Aurora is a celebration of the kinds of female characters I grew up looking at in films starring Audrey Hepburn, Katharine Hepburn, Carole Lombard, Greta Garbo, Irene Dunne, and Myrna Loy. Aurora is light as a feather, has the gravitas and intelligence of a British barrister, and the appeal of a major movie star. Clive Reade is my old world Hollywood hero, the Cary Grant we all still crave for in our leper-skinned, anti-hero comic book age. And he is most definitely NOT the schmuck foisted upon us by Hollywood executives, because his twitter following exceeds the 3.5 million mark.
Adventures is a statement about the life of the community, the tabloid press and its standards; celebrity, the pursuit of a story no matter how absurd or ludicrous, and the glare of the limelight … no matter how lurid.
Hacking, expressions of online hate, stalking, revenge porn, and tabloid gossip go much deeper than casting aspersions upon a person’s life, political views, or status in the community. They represent an effort to change the course of human history by creating a social corrosive or acid so powerful it etches away and destroys all civilized discourse, such that no human witnesses remain. Just players in the game.
Stalkers and hackers conjure up a thumbs up or thumbs down agenda for whatever hapless dunk-drunk draftees end up in the docket of world doom … Can’t you hear the roar of the crowd? See the down-pointed thumbs? Unholy wieners and stale beer! Talk about fascist populism! And the British public subsidizes this kind of hooliganism with more than half a billion dollars of tax pounds per year.
‘Adventures in Paradise’ is my response, a fleet-footed film for people with enough brains to think, also a window to escape through for a few hours, to have a laugh, or the last laugh … For the rich, the poor, the press, the hard-pressed … hopefully to live on in the public imagination for decades.
Perhaps we can all agree upon one thing: At the end of the day, people need a break from reality. I do not trivialize the events of Hackgate but rather I want to place them in a context people will enjoy watching, a context that endangers no one, but manages to address all the key issues while entertaining – memorably.
Finally, it is probably more accurate to call ‘Adventures in Paradise’ a dramedy – a mixed genre film sprinkled with romance, revenge, satire, glamour, travel, tabloid intrigue, corruption, and betrayal – one that ends happily for my hero and heroine. I really do love the way the story ends – every moment of happiness hard earned and believable. Is love still possible between two free, intelligent adults? ‘Adventures in Paradise’ says yes.
Love you St Mary's! Love you Isles of Scilly! I so miss walking your extraordinary landscapes . . . * I contemplated and edited many many photos this weekend while taking breaks from my daily work--writing and editing and crafting letters and synopses--to find something to share with you, my favorite people, Igers, and thought I could post a photo of cows I took on Tresco, basking in the sun looking burnished and particularly handsome. Then perhaps I could talk to you about greenhouse gasses and deforestation and animal cruelty and all that, as apparently we are reaching some kind of critical state on the planet . . . I also remembered a sonnet I once wrote about chickens that fell out of the back of a truck on a highway in Georgia, and the beauty of one chicken in particular whose face struck me as poignant as Mary Pickford's in Broken Blossoms, so panicked she was, fully aware of the fact she was going to slaughter, but unable to escape her cage. But all my plans went to seed and scattered on fallow ground. I feel quite unable to lecture anyone about their lives now . . . I'll keep my thoughts about politics to myself as well, as US elections draw near. We are living in dangerous times, and lives are on the line in this stinking state. * Extinction, deforestation, American mendacity, bullying, global warming, politics, plastics, pollution ... Writing everyday like Mary Pickford stranded on an ice flow moving downstream . . . * You see how difficult it is sometimes to be upbeat . . . But you all help so much with your lovely posts, really! Your festive parties, handsome horses, loveable babies and children. Your puppies and cats, stunning cottages and gardens, your wonderful humour, real spirituality and enthusiasm in the lands you live in, and in your daily lives. Not to mention your travels and stunning photography! Quite a lot of GENIUS here on Instagram, and never forget it ... You contribute to making this world a better place. * Thank you! 🙏💝💐☀🙌🕊💫 * News from #Massacuckoo ✍♀ * #writersofinstagram #amwriting #AdventuresinParadise #StMarys @islesofscilly @visitislesofscilly #my_britain #england #SWisbest #loveengland #borrowedlight #anovelinstories
If you look at the navel of this rock, you'll see a cache of sea shells glowing like pirate's gold. And cool sand that once sifted through my toes ... Big rocks to hold onto when or if the world goes completely starkers ... 🐚 Writing, writing, and more writing. Gin. The screenplay, then the novel ... Back and forth. Every day, except for today ... 'The life so short, the crafts so long to learn, the attempt so hard, the conquest so sharp, the fearful joy that ever slips away so quickly--by all this I mean love, which so sorely astounds my feeling with its wondrous operation that when I think upon it, I scarce know whether I wake or sleep.' ... But a really good agent would help. And London Gin. And Cornwall. Bicycling without so much rain would also be nice. Anybody got a spare Range Rover?! 🐚 New England Winter is on the way, so it's important to move on. Really. Tragically, I did not win the $1.6 lotto, however ONE person in my home state (S.C.) did. Alas ... 'Time and Time wait for no man.' 🐚 Other recent genealogy discoveries: Apparently, I'm related to Geoffrey Chaucer through marriage, who I quoted twice above. And there's this: 'What is better than Wisdom? Woman. What is better than a good woman? Nothing.' You could say this is one of the themes of my 'Adventures in Paradise' screenplay ... 🐚 P.S. If you know of any good agents in London, please put them onto me ... Thank you kindly. Have a great week my dear IGers ... Looking forward to catching up with you all this week! ✍ 🐚 Geoffrey Chaucer, first poet to be buried in Westminster Abbey (Poets Corner), and widely considered to be the greatest poet of the Middle Ages and Father of the English language, pioneering works in Anglo Saxon rather than French. Born 1343--died Oct 25, 1400. 🐚 @islesofscilly #stmarys #scilly #amwriting #writersofinstagram #my_britain #zonephotographer #england #swisbest #Lonndon #islesofscilly @visitislesofscilly #adventuresinparadise #authors #borrowedlight #womensfiction #screenwritersofinstagram
Tresco Island, Abbey Gardens ... @islesofscilly @trescoisland @visitislesofscilly ☀ Just a mess of beautiful garden wilderness this weekend for your Autumnal inventory ... Ice plant and other botanicals I cannot begin to list because I've been working on 'Borrowed Light' and 'Adventures in Paradise' all week ... And frankly, I'm bloody exhausted! And moody. ☀ So what gives me faith? YOU! In all your shaggy wilderness, I still believe in you, beautiful humanity, you beautiful humans, you! And on that note, have a lovely weekend! 🌿☀🍁🍃🍂🌸🤗😘 ☀ #WritersofInstagram #amwriting #BorrowedLight #womenwriters #ANovelinStories #womeninfilm #MyTresco #islesofscilly #tresco #trescoabbeygardens #iceplant #wilderness #humanity #human #England #gardensofinstagram #AdventuresinParadise #London #my_britain #autumnal #england #iloveengland #greatbritain🍂☀🍁
Porthmellon Beach, St Mary's, Isles of Scilly . . . 🐚 Deep into restructuring all 12 of my story-chapters from 'Borrowed Light', and for the first time late this afternoon, I felt as if this book of mine might actually be a wonderful read ... Of course, the cost is great, and I swear these jackals in Massacuckoo want to kill me and run away with my book, but I'm determined to continue, get better at what I do, and feel the cool white sand between my toes again ... Watch the sun setting over the sea grasses as I stroll back to my cottage ... Walk while sorting ideas, stopping to chat now and then ... Dinner at the pub, or something left over?! A pint to say hello to friends. After all, I have nine more screenplays to finish ... Yes, by all means, please stop by for a bite to eat and drinks tomorrow. I'm having a party in the garden. Oh, didn't I tell you? I finally sold my third screenplay! There'll be a gin and tonic table with Pimm's Cups too. Lobster skewers, sliders, vegan table, and bring the pups ... A dog sitter will be performing puppy tricks with healthy treats. Live music. Come between 11:00 and 4:00. By 5:00, I'll be out for another stroll ... 🍹😘🚶☀🌿🌸🎉 🐚 Needless to say, a great depression has descended here in the US with a sense of betrayal, even a general sense of 'murder' in the air ... Murder of the truth, murder of decent women's lives, murder of due process, and murder of the future for young women. I see my future in the photo above ... 🐚 And you? 🐚 Kate Maltby discusses what's going on here and abroad from the perspective of a ♀ who came forward ... She also makes a prediction about Dr. Christine Ford's life, strangely similar to mine. Did I ever tell you about the notorious professor who ruined my life after I reported him for sexual harassment? He was only thrown out of every university in the States but hired again and again ... https://www.nybooks.com/daily/2018/10/05/what-to-expect-when-a-woman-accuses-a-man-in-power/ 🐚 @islesofscilly #stmarys #writersofinstagram #amwriting #borrowedlight #anovelinstories #porthmellonbeach #screenwritersofinstagram #adventuresinparadise #hackgatelondon #loveengland #myscilly #my_britain
A never-posted photo sitting around in my archives ... Low pixels, odd view, what to do? It's IOS, silly; love it, post it, and leave it up to others to tsk-tsk your singular obsession: rocks, rocks, and more rocks! When you can find nothing in your nation, state or life to lean on, and the rabble around you are busy hurling stones at you or Swanies, surrender to your character and weakness for the beauty of ancient England, and get packing, mate! 🇬🇧 Warning: If you're still reading at all and object to politics, I suggest you turn to another post now. 🇬🇧 The last weekend of September was a particularly ignoble one here as Donald Trump confessed (really) to a love affair with Kim-Whatever-Un complete with letters from Kim confessing his love and admiration for our Reality-Show-In-Chief! The mind reels ... Imagine the Donald Trump Presidential Library archives: Love letters from Putin, from Kim-Whatever-Un, Erdogan, and other up and coming dictators on the world stage. Meanwhile, on SNL, Kanye MAGA West, after jumping around in a Perrier bottle (really) and singing (mouthing obscenities), announced he's running for POTUS in 2020! 😨 And to top off this circus sideshow, KW said slavery laws should be repealed. Of course, I have a feeling he means this only for the white portion of America's population. P.S. Free my people! 🇬🇧 Mark your calendars for the official beginning of the Apocalypse. America's vulgar reality show is on the verge of collapsing Western Democracy. 🇬🇧 So all considered, it's important to get my novel published, screenplays sold, and get outta here anytime from now to 2020. Because I really don't want to be around when the Heavens crack open and a gigantic finger quashes the drunken frat boy the Supremes are ready to promote to 'Key Guardian of A Woman's Right to Choose' ... Oh America, you are so screwed. Left, Right, or Center you stumble backward like a lynch mob of amateurs in a world with no time for Bozos. 🇬🇧 Title of my ex-pat Memoir? 'No Time for Bozos' P.S. I love England! 🌹 🇬🇧 #writersofinstagram #amwriting @islesofscilly 💙#stmarys #my_britain #england #americanpolitics #borrowedlight #adventuresinparadise
Destinations Destinations : TOUTES # Corse Corse Cap Corse GR20 # France Alpes Atlantique Ardèche Canal du Midi Canal de Garonne Languedoc Loire Provence Pyrénées Rhône-Alpes Verdon # Italie Cinque Terre Dolomites Emilie-Romagne Île d'Elbe Lombardie Pouilles Rome Sardaigne Sicile Toscane Trentin Piémont # Europe Angleterre Baléares Croatie Ecosse Flandres Irlande Laponie/Arctique Pays Bas Portugal Roumanie Crète # Monde Vietnam Emirats arabes Etats-Unis Himalaya Rajasthan Afrique du Sud Chine Laos Inde Kerala Bhoutan
This small hotel is located in the center of Palma, betwen Ramblas and San Miguel major streets in Palma
Hotel The Hotel Dalt Murada is a four star hotel located in restored nobleman home in the city center of Palma. The hotel is located between the cathedral and the town hall, near the best shops and boutiques of the city. As well there are many good restaurants near by. From the hotel the guest can walk to the stores, restaurants and visit the most relevant monuments of the city. Although the hotel is located in the city center, the hotel is very quiet. The highlight of the hotel is the courtyard since it is extremely peaceful and sunny. Most of the rooms have courtyard views. The rooms are larger than in a regular hotel because the structure of the building has been conserved which has resulted in few but large rooms. Most rooms have Jacuzzi and many have views of the cathedral. All of them have satellite TV, air conditioning and minibar.
R then the one encased is verified to work, healing boosts libido and erection problems normally in case you are seeking the most effective natural accentuate. Let's look at just how it functions... & Middot; It has a successful record of fulfillment and safety. But in situation of an individual with visit here erectile dysfunction this process will not happen. And as this process does not occur the person with erectile remains unsatisfied in his sexual acts. So, ED therapy drugs like Viagra, Levitra, Cialis and Edagra etc. visit your support at that juncture. These medications provides the penile erection that is essential to an age old person. With it your dreams could be realised. The dose for these medications is dependent upon your health status and food habit. An appointment with a physician is crucial in case you might be to take this medication. If a person has hypertension, diabetes, heart ailments, allergic reaction he should inform the doctor about these disorders. These medications are not to be utilized by women and children. High-Risk fiscal transaction if proper care is not taken What exactly does L-arg do? Their layouts are out of this world, and they are wild, awesome, and vibrant. They make shoes that you have never-seen before. They've an unlimited variety of shoes they've everything from party shoes, to courtroom sneakers, to sandals, heels, flats, wedges, and boots. The best component of is that these shoes have matching accessories like purses or clutch bags. So you also provide a duplicate clutch to get you to seem hip and really stylish and can buy a stunning pair of shoes from them. A lot of men guys balk at the thought of going to the drug store down the road to get a prescription filled for an erectile disorder drug. It may be uncomfortable for a viagra for sale online guy to disclose Read This to pharmacy tech a clerk or pharmacist particularly women one that he wants a little assistance in the department. And worse, there's the chance of running into a relative or friend, or possibly a curate which does not seem good if a guy is not wed who may be a little nosy in a sensible and concerned way about why a man is picking up a prescription to begin with. And using the drugstore drive-thru street is obviously no guarantee of anonymity either. But using a reputable on line drugstore, this problem is taken care of, as online.
Erectile Dysfunction Reaching an erection is as much a psychological condition as natural cialis acquisto in contrassegno. It best online cialis is unnecessary to convey that men cannot have intercourse.
You can discontinue things which are falling from your hand by seeking an alternative that is perfect for your difficulty. You Visit This Site Right Here need to at least have an idea that what to choose.
Understanding regarding the libido-enhancing qualities of oysters, he decided that Buy Pills Online No Prescription he might have the capacity to improve his own libido while healing his erectile buy cialis 5mg issues, so the prescription tablets crushed onto some oysters.
Can you still depend on men sex enhancement drugs to execute last longer or better during Try This Out sex all through sexual intercourse? When the wonder drug sildenafil or most commonly.
Individuals who are experiencing some type of difficulty that is mental or depressed often part themselves from ordinary sexual actions. The essence of the problem becomes.
Orodispersible tables dissolve on your tongue within within a few minutes of taking it. You'll be able to take this drug when you would like to. It's well known to be far better than other drugs like Viagra. Staxyn orodispersible.
2. Raising Blood Circulation to the Organ for a Firm Erection Under Buy Pills Online No Prescription this promotional offers this way occasion the client and they offer discounts and different cost cuts to him consumer can conserve substantial amount of money on the medications.
You've noticed several commercials for medications that treat erectile dysfunction. Nonetheless, there are others and many common medications which might be not equally as useless or even therefore.
The selections from Espronceda included in this volume have been edited for the benefit of advanced Spanish classes in schools and universities. The study of Espronceda, Spain's greatest Romantic poet, offers the best possible approach to the whole subject of Romanticism. He is Spain's "representative man" in that movement. Furthermore, the wealth of meters he uses is such that no other poet provides so good a text for an introduction to the study of Spanish versification. The editor has therefore treated the biography of Espronceda with some degree of completeness, studying his career as one fully representative of the historical and literary movements of the period. A treatment of the main principles of Spanish versification was also considered indispensable. It is assumed that the text will be used only in classes where the students are thoroughly familiar with the rudiments of Spanish grammar. Therefore only the more difficult points of grammar are dealt with in the notes, and little help, outside of the vocabulary, is given the student in the translating of difficult passages.
The editor makes no pretense to having established critical texts of the poems here printed, although he hopes that some improvement will be noted over previous editions. A critical edition of Espronceda's works has never been printed. Espronceda himself gave little attention to their publication. Hartzenbusch and others intervened as editors in some of the earliest editions. Their arbitrary changes have been repeated in all subsequent editions. The text of "El Estudiante de Salamanca" has been based upon the "Poesas de D. Jos de Espronceda," Madrid, 1840, the so-called editio princeps. This edition, however, cannot be regarded as wholly authoritative. It was not prepared for the press by the poet himself, but by his friend Jos Garca de Villalta. Though far more authentic in its readings than later editions, it abounds in inaccuracies. I have not followed its capricious punctuation, and have studied it constantly in connection with other editions, notably the edition of 1884 ("Obras Poticas y Escritos en Prosa," Madrid, 1884). To provide a really critical text some future editor must collate the 1840 text with that version of the poem which appeared in La Alhambra, an obscure Granada review, for the year 1839. "El Mendigo" and "El Canto del Cosaco" I also base upon the 1840 edition, although the former first appeared in La Revista Espaola, Sept. 6, 1834. I base the "Cancin del Pirata" upon the original version published in El Artista, Vol. I, 1835, p. 43. I take the "Soneto" from "El Liceo Artstico y Literario Espaol," 1838. For "A Teresa, Descansa en Paz," I follow the Madrid edition of 1884. The text of this, as for the whole of "El Diablo Mundo," is more reliable than that of the earlier poems.
I desire to thank Professors Rudolph Schevill, Karl Pietsch, and Milton A. Buchanan for helpful suggestions, and the latter more particularly for the loan of rare books. The vocabulary is almost entirely the work of my wife Emily Cox Northup, whose collaboration is by no means restricted to this portion of the book. More than to any other one person I am indebted to Mr. Steven T. Byington of the staff of Ginn and Company, by whose acute and scholarly observations I have often profited.
Don Jos de Espronceda y Lara, Spain's foremost lyric poet of the nineteenth century, was born on the 25th of March, 1808, the year of his country's heroic revolt against the tyranny of Napoleon. His parents were Lieutenant-Colonel Don Juan de Espronceda y Pimentel and Doa Mara del Carmen Delgado y Lara. Both were Andalusians of noble stock, and, as we learn from official documents, were held to be Christians of clean blood "without taint of Jews, heretics, Moors, or persons punished by the Holy Inquisition, and who neither were nor had been engaged in mean or low occupations, but in highly honorable ones." This couple of such highly satisfactory antecedents had been married four years previously. In 1804 Don Juan, a mature widower of fifty-three, was still mourning his first wife when he obtained the hand of Doa Mara, a young widow whose first husband, a lieutenant in the same regiment, was recently deceased. The marriage was satisfactory in a worldly way, for Doa Mara brought as a dower four hundred thousand reales to be added to the two hundred thousand which Don Juan already possessed. By his first marriage Don Juan had had a son, Don Jos de Espronceda y Ramos, who became ensign in his father's regiment, then studied in the Artillery School at Segovia, and later entered the fashionable Guardia de Corps regiment. He died in 1793 at the early age of twenty-one, soon after joining this regiment. By the second marriage there were two other children, both of whom died in infancy: Francisco, born in 1805, and Mara, born in 1807. During the early months of 1808 the Bourbon cavalry regiment in which Don Juan served was stationed in the little hamlet of Villafranca de los Barros, Estremadura, and there the future poet was born. We do not know where the mother and son found refuge during the stormy years which followed. The father was about to begin the most active period of his career. We learn from his service record that he won the grade of colonel on the field of Bailn; that a year later he recaptured the cannon named Libertad at the battle of Consuegra (a feat which won him the rank of brigadier), and fought gallantly at Talavera as a brother-in-arms of the future Duke of Wellington. The mere enumeration of the skirmishes and battles in which he participated would require much space. In 1811 he distinguished himself at Medina Sidonia and Chiclana, and sought promotion to the rank of field-marshal, which was never granted. After the Peninsular War he seems to have been stationed in Madrid between 1815 and 1818. His family were probably permanently established in that city, for we know that mother and son resided there during the time that the brigadier was doing garrison duty in Guadalajara (1820-1828), and there is no evidence that they followed him to Corua during his term of service in that city (1818-1820). Possibly the old soldier preferred the freedom of barrack life, where his authority was unquestioned, to the henpecked existence he led at home. "Ella era l y l era ella," says Patricio de Escosura in speaking of this couple; for Doa Mara was something of a shrew. She was a good business woman who combined energy with executive ability, as she later proved by managing successfully a livery-stable business. But, however formidable she may have been to her hostlers, her son Jos found her indulgent. He, the only surviving son of a mature couple, rapidly developed into a nio consentido, the Spanish equivalent of a spoiled child. Parallels are constantly being drawn between Byron and Espronceda. It is a curious fact that both poets were reared by mothers who were alternately indulgent and severe.
In 1820 the Espronceda family occupied an apartment in the Calle del Lobo. It was there and then that Patricio de Escosura firmed his intimacy with the future poet. He describes graphically his first meeting with the youth who was to be his lifelong friend. He first saw Jos sliding down from a third-story balcony on a tin waterspout. In the light of later years Escosura felt that in this boyish prank the child was father of the man. The boy who preferred waterspouts to stairways, later in life always scorned the beaten path, and "the illogical road, no matter how venturesome and hazardous it was, attracted him to it by virtue of that sort of fascinating charm which the abyss exercises over certain eminently nervous temperaments." The belief that Espronceda studied at the Artillery School of Segovia in 1821 appears to rest upon the statement of Sols alone. Escosura, who studied there afterwards, never speaks of his friend as having attended the same institution. Sols may have confused the younger Jos with his deceased, like-named brother, who, we know, actually was a cadet in Segovia. On the other hand, Sols speaks with confidence, though without citing the source of his information, and nothing would have been more natural than for the boy to follow in his elder brother's footsteps, as he did later when he joined the Guardia de Corps. However, the matter is of slight moment, for if he studied in Segovia at all he cannot have remained there for more than a few weeks.
What little education Espronceda was able to acquire in the course of his stormy life was gained mostly in the Colegio de San Mateo between the years 1820 and 1830. This was a private school patronized by sons of the nobility and wealthy middle class. Two of the masters, Jos Gmez Hermosilla and Alberto Lista, were poets of repute. Lista was the best teacher of his time in Spain. The wide range of his knowledge astonished his pupils, and he appeared to them equally competent in the classics, modern languages, mathematics, philosophy and poetics, all of which subjects he knew so well that he never had to prepare a lecture beforehand. Plainly Lista was not a specialist of the modern stamp; but he was something better, a born teacher. In spite of an unprepossessing appearance, faulty diction, and a ridiculous Andalusian accent, Lista was able to inspire his students and win their affection. It is no coincidence that four of the fellow students of the Colegio de San Mateo, Espronceda, Felipe Pardo, Ventura de la Vega, and Escosura, afterwards became famous in literature.
Espronceda's school reports have been preserved. We learn that he studied sacred history, Castilian grammar, Latin, Greek, French, English, mythology, history, geography, and fencing, which last he was later to turn to practical account. He showed most proficiency in French and English, and least in Greek and mathematics. His talent was recognized as unusual, his industry slight, his conduct bad. Calleja, the principal, writes in true schoolmaster's fashion: "He is wasting the very delicate talent which nature gave him, and is wasting, too, the opportunity of profiting by the information of his distinguished professors." It cannot be denied that Espronceda's conduct left much to be desired. According to Escosura he was "bright and mischievous, the terror of the whole neighborhood, and the perpetual fever of his mother." He soon gained the nickname buscarruidos, and attracted the notice of police and night watchmen. "In person he was agreeable, likable, agile, of clear understanding, sanguine temperament inclined to violence; of a petulant, merry disposition, of courage rash even bordering upon temerity, and more inclined to bodily exercise than to sedentary study." The two friends were much influenced by Caldern at this time. The height of their ambition was to be like the gallants of a cape-and-sword play, equally ready for a love passage or a fight. Lista's influence upon his pupils was not restricted to class exercises. In order to encourage them to write original verse and cultivate a taste for literature, he founded in April, 1823, the Academy of the Myrtle, modeled after the numerous literary academies which throve in Italy and Spain during the Renaissance period and later. Lista himself presided, assuming the name Anfriso. Was Delio, the name Espronceda assumed in his "Serenata" of 1828, his academic designation? The models proposed for the youthful aspirants were the best poets of antiquity and such modern classicists as Melndez, Cienfuegos, Jovellanos, and Quintana. Two of Espronceda's academic exercises have been preserved. They are as insipid and jejune as Goethe's productions of the Leipzig period. As an imitator of Horace he was not a success. What he gained from the Academy was the habit of writing.
The Academy lasted until 1826, when many of its members had been driven into exile; but its later meetings must have seemed tame to spirited boys engrossed in the exciting political events of those times. The year 1823 is famous in Spanish history for the crushing out of liberalism. This was effected by means of the Holy Alliance, an infamous association of tyrants whose main object was to restore absolutism. Louis XVIII, the Bourbon king of France, sent a force of one hundred thousand men under the Duke of Angoulme who met with little resistance, and in short order nullified all that had been accomplished by the Spanish liberals. Before the end of the year Ferdinand VII, who had been virtually deposed, was restored to his throne, and the constitution of 1820 had been abolished. Espronceda, the son of a hero of the War of Liberation, felt that the work of the men of 1808 had been undone. They had exchanged a foreign for a domestic tyrant. What his feelings were we may gather from his ode in commemoration of the uprising of the Madrid populace against the troops of Murat, "Al Dos de Mayo":
list of affiliate marketing networks affiliate marketing training videos | cpa affiliate marketing tutorial how to learn affiliate marketing for beginners
These days a good number of bloggers are using affiliate marketing to earn money. And if you are one of the best bloggers out there, you can make around $40K each month on your affiliate sales alone. Of course you have to be someone with a good amount of loyal audiences to make it work. But what if you don’t have that kind of followers? Let alone a blog big enough to be followed by an audience? Can you still join as an affiliate?
Teaching and tutoring English as a second language is a great way to make money online, not to mention open some doors for you to travel the world if you'd like. While full ESL (English as a Second Language) accreditation is recommended, as long as you’re a native speaker and have the ability to teach, there are people in countries such as Hong Kong or the UAE who are willing to pay upwards of $25/hr for you to tutor them English via Skype. Check out Indeed, Learn4Good and Remote.co for remote english tutoring jobs or sign up on a specialized site like VerbalPlanet or Chegg Tutors.
Drive for Uber or Lyft: If you're in a locale where you can find Uber or Lyft (or even one of the many competitors around the world such as China's Didi), you could easily make a respectable income. The hours are flexible and you can work as you see fit, making it perfect even if you currently have full-time employment but are looking to make some money on the side.
Use Deep Links – these are pages on your affiliate’s website that AREN’T the homepage. For SiteGround’s hosting I link a lot to their speed technology page as an affiliate link. If you’re doing Amazon’s affiliate program you just want to gather a list of products you will be recommending to readers, create an affiliate link for each one, and import them to the plugin.
The reality in affiliate marketing is that it's like most other work-at-home ventures; there are a few who are filthy rich, a good number who are successful enough to meet their goals, and a ton who aren't making anything. So, the question isn't really whether or not affiliate marketing is a viable income option (it is), but whether or not you can make affiliate marketing work for you. Only you can decide that. But to help, here are some tips.
When a customer contacts us by phone or email, our initial response is to assist getting technical support or customer service for the customer from the vendor of the product that the customer purchased. However, in some cases a product may be unsatisfactory to the customer for reasons completely beyond our control, in which case a return or a cancellation may be processed.
As I shared creating blog would not be enough to start earning money you need to promote your blog through digital marketing which would help you to generate relevant traffic to your website. I would suggest attending our free demo session on digital marketing where we would be sharing how digital marketing can help you to promote your business or blog: http://digitalvidya.com/dmo
I absolutely LOVE affiliate marketing. Affiliate marketing can feel quite passive and it makes location independence and traveling full-time much more enjoyable. You can create just one blog post or social media post, and potentially earn money from it years down the line, as long as you maintain it and keep generating traffic to it. With affiliate marketing, I can enjoy life more and know that I am still able to earn a great living promoting products that I use and enjoy.
Here’s a good example of how lead sales can work in real life: My second website, Life Insurance by Jeff, brings in a ton of traffic from people who are searching the web to find answers to life insurance questions. While I used to have the website set up so I could sell these people life insurance myself, it was a lot of work to process all the different requests and clients. As a result, I started selling the leads I gathered instead.
Hi Michelle, such a great post! My bread and butter is freelance writing, and I’ve used that to create a full-time income online for around seven years now. I also have an eBay reselling business, and I absolutely LOVE doing that… Working from home can be quite isolating at times, so I love scheduling thrift store trips etc into my working week. It keeps me sane, and reselling is so fun 🙂
Building an audience is important too so you need to follow the rules of the trade that is in accordance to the trade commission especially if you are working with important advertisers. Following their rules along with good content will earn you a reputation of being someone that people can trust. And when you do become a good source of information, people will no doubt recommend the products you have written about. Your opinion becomes gold in the end.
A lot of people, in fact, billions of people are in Facebook these days which makes it as one of the largest social media platform. If you have an account, you can always promote affiliate products in your page even if you are not really a blogger. Of course you need to have a subject or interest in there too. It could be about health, money, fitness, relationship etc. From there you can build an audience and share posts that are relevant to people. Once this starts growing, you can use it to start an affiliate program where you can promote products that you and your followers can enjoy.
The affiliate-marketing industry is growing steadily. An independent survey commissioned by Rakuten Affiliate Network found that affiliate marketing is set to reach $6.8 billion by 2020. Ninety percent of advertisers included in the survey said that affiliate programs were important or very important to their overall marketing strategy, with the majority of publishers reporting that affiliate partnerships drove more than 20% of annual revenue.
Very easy my dear friend, I think reading this article, any body can make money online. So the basic idea of this whole article was -affiliate marketing through email list. Another method that is totally working and i am able to generate an average 20-50$ per days is just post proper review on any popular system and fully optimize that so that that review can rank higher in search results. This method will generate endless affiliate income for you.
It's been a lot of work, as when my article got to page n.1 on Google, my blog was not even 6 months old and had to compete with the top leaders in the industry, but thanks to a good backlink strategy, updating my content regularly and replying to my readers question one by one, I was able to double my income in one year. Without using Adwords or any type of paid advertising.
Whether you have a website or are still dreaming up ideas for a blog, you can also look into affiliate marketing. With affiliate marketing, you partner with brands and businesses within the content of your website. If you mention a product or service, you link to that produce or service using a unique affiliate code you received when you signed up for that particular affiliate program. From there, you’ll make money any time someone buys a product or service through your link.
If an affiliate changes the terms of its program, your revenues could be directly affected. Choosing the wrong affiliates can also be problematic if your blog or website audience doesn't feel compelled to buy their products or services. With the affiliate-marketing industry experiencing a boom, you’ll also have to contend with competition from other marketers shilling the same affiliate products.
Surveys aren’t the best way to make money fast. But there’s a certain appeal to clicking a few buttons and earning money when you’d otherwise be doing nothing. Here’s our recommendation: Sign up for these legitimate survey sites all at once. Chances are, you’ll qualify for at least one or two surveys on each site a month, and the rewards will add up.
“It took me about six months to make my first affiliate sale, and my first affiliate sale was worth about $35,” Miki says. This blogger went on to say, “I didn’t make my first dollar until I decided to invest in the “Making Sense of Affiliate Marketing” course. Taking an affiliate marketing course was the best decision I ever made because I had no idea how much money I was leaving on the table. This course taught me the exact strategies to make money with affiliate marketing.”
Do you have zero interest in an expensive mountain bike the company you are an affiliate of sells? Well, you probably don’t want to feature it on your blog, as it is extremely difficult to persuade readers (or anyone for that matter) that they should buy something you wouldn’t be caught spending a single penny on. When you are passionate about a product or–at the very least–interested in learning more about it, this will come through to your readers, engage them and better coax them to buy
In 2017, there were almost 90 million pet dogs in the US. Which has opened up a huge opportunity to make money online as a dog watcher or sitter. Specialized sites like Rover or Care.com connect pet owners with pet walkers, sitters, and boarding houses to help look after their best friends when they’re at work or on a trip. If you’re an animal lover, you can make extra money and get to spend some quality time with a furry friend.
I could have promoted WP Engine (hosting company) for $200/sale with no tier program to climb – sounds pretty good right? But when I checked ShareASale I saw their reversal rates were 24%! Just to give you an idea SiteGround’s reversals are less than 10%. WP Engine starts at $29/month while SiteGround’s is $3.95/month, plus SiteGround has a better reputation. I had to climb a tier program to get SiteGround’s $150/sale, but long-term my research paid off.
KhmerMovies.Net - free watch online with the newest Khmer Movies, Thai Lakorn, Thai dubbed movie in khmer, Chinese dubbed movie in khmer, Korea dubbed movie in Khmer, ...
Somewhere beyond happiness and sadness I need to calculate what creates my own madness and I'm addicted to your punishment
Made in Turkey Grinding Machines Directory - Offering Wholesale Turkish Grinding Machines from Turkey Grinding Machines Manufacturers, Suppliers and Distributors at ...
Turkish manufacturers and suppliers of grinding machine from around the world. Panjiva uses over 30 international data sources to help you find qualified vendors of ...
Centerless Grinding Machines Manufacturers Suppliers . We Indian machine Mart are the leading supplier and exporter of the Centerless Grinding Machines.
Huge collection of grinding machines products in Turkey. Locate grinding machines products, suppliers, Manufacturers, traders & wholesalers around the Turkey ...
Turkey Grinding Machine, Turkey Grinding Machine Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large Selection of Grinding Machine Products at paste grinding ...
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Bastl to build the Little Nerd module yourself with every..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Bastl to build the Multiple module yourself with everythi..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Bastl to build the Noise Square module yourself with ever..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Bastl to build the Tea Kick module yourself with everythi..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Bastl to build the Tromsø module yourself with everything..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the BF-22 Sallen Key Filter module yourse..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the Hexpander module yourself with everyt..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the Inamp module yourself with everything..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the Joystick module yourself with everyth..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the Mixer module yourself with everything..
This is a do-it-yourself kit (DIYKIT) from Befaco to build the Output Module II module yourself with..
That’s right, we just created a new Sift Heads side shooter game named Sift Heads Assault. An intense level shooter game where you must clear the waves of assailants. You will be able to upgrade your weaponry, use grenades and even increase your resistance to bullets. You can use objects as barricades and even move them around. Try to clear all waves.
It’s Christmas Eve and Santa went skating on the frozen lake near his house. Just for a few minutes before he has to fly in his sleigh…
Try your luck at beating the flood, long far, run hard and don’t forget to jump. During game-play press ‚C‘ to jump, and while in the air press ‚V‘ to perform a double-jump. Good luck!
Your land has been ravaged by evil forces. Go out and defeat the evil that has come and bring joy back to your kingdom. W A D keys to move. S key to toggle weapon. J for normal attack. K and L for special attack.
Bloons Tower Defense is back with an epic new installment! Loads of new tracks, loads of new towers, loads of awesome upgrades to purchase! Use your money to buy stuff from the panel on the right, and place it on the track. Try to pop all bloons before they get to the end of the [...]
Santa Claus is a bit late this year and when it try to take off with rodolphe something bad happens. Help santa claus to get back all the gift with is nice motocross Use the arrows to drive santa’s Dirt Bike
Destroy the asteroids and enemy ships in an update of the classic arcade game. Featuring rendered graphics, procedurally generated backgrounds and multiple power-ups cronusX brings the genre bang up to date. Using either WASD or the arrow keys together with the mouse to aim and s [...]
Artillery Defense is a tower defense game where you must survive as long as possible by building the most efficient line of defense. Eliminate the bad guys from attacking the your home base. There are also several different game modes available. 1) You have to choose and arrange [...]
Free game of castle battles with prizes to win! Build your castle, upgrade your defenses and compete [...]
Build your own videogame Empire! Code Monkey Tycoon is a business simulation game, where you need to [...]
A build your own path tower defense game with four maps, several different creep types and 7 towers. [...]
Put your brain to the test with this fun, colorful card matching game. Match Me is a memory game con [...]
Visit destinations all over the world and sometimes out of it in this amazing sequel to Airport Mani [...]
Jump as high as you can to meet your true love! Avoid falling boxes and try to go as high as you can [...]
Blast your way against a horde of monsters! Move and fire the dragon fighter using your mouse and wa [...]
Dean Straw, N6BV, created a software program called HFTA for predicting the performance of antennas based on terrain. It also offers the ability to compare the expected antenna takeoff angles with the most expected angles required for HF propagation to various geographies. HFTA is included in the ARRL Antenna Book.
I am a big believer in the value of terrain modeling when planning antennas. I have found a reasonable correlation between observed performance of antennas and what HFTA predicts.
Dean kindly provided the terrain files for various directions from my three towers. Even though the three towers are only 150 feet apart, each presents different esults.
You may need to right click on the link and select “Save Target as…” to download the file to your computer.
Change in annual average days of air frost from 1961–1990 to 1971–2000 Change in annual average days of air frost from 1961 to 2006
has been noted. The Item page shall be reviewed and updated next hour, if additional info is available.
Hello friends in this video series we are going to learn how to create and complete web page in html with css styling. After completing the html page we upload it on live server via FTP Client like FileZilla.
This hindi video tutorials series is bring by Multimediagyan Institute, Jaipur. In this series we try to cover all basic and intermediate level concept of html, css and FTP Uploading.
Sewing with Nancy "Grandmother's One-Patch Quilts, Part 1" Super-size grandmother's quilt templates for fast and fun one-patch quilting. Nancy explores traditional quilt blocks such as the time-honored tumbler. She updates the tumbler block using a super-sized template to extend block size from four to ten inches in length-and it's speedy to stitch! Fabrics make a huge difference in the design, and Nancy shows some contemporary variations. D
Scheewe Art Workshop "Fruit of the Vine" This project features easy background techniques and demonstrates what a difference glazes can make on the luscious grapes and wine bottle. D
Taste of Louisiana with Chef John Folse & Co.: Our Food Heritage "France: Fort St. Jean Baptiste and the Colonial Frontier" Early settlers faced many hardships in taming Louisiana's wilderness. There were no formal communities or laws, food was scarce and there were very few women. Chef Folse visits with Rick Seale at Fort St. D
Great Conversations "Arianna Huffington and Howard Fineman" The co-founder and editor-in-chief of the Huffington Post talks with MSNBC analyst Fineman. D
French In Action "A Matter of Chance I" Robert gets stuck with the cafe tab. As he is paying, the waiter's tray drops and Robert learns that in France broken glass can bring good luck. He and Mireille buy a lottery ticket that is sure to be a winner.G
French In Action "A Matter of Chance II" Mireille and Robert have won the lottery. Robert wants to look at camping equipment for a trip around France, and they hail a taxi. The man in black, tries to pull Mireille in.G
Unfinished Nation "A Chaos of Experimentation" The presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. New Deal legislation. Agencies created in response to crises. Changes to programs resulting from criticism of New Deal. The effect of policies on various groups, including women and minorities.G
Unfinished Nation "Between The Wars" American policies of neutrality, isolationism, and internationalism in decades after World War I. Depression and the world order. Rise of totalitarian regimes in Europe and Asia; their expansionist ambitions. American response to war in Europe. Japanese attack Pearl Harbor.G
Biography of America, A "FDR and the Depression" Professor Brinkley continues his story of twentieth century presidents with a profile of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Brinkley paints a picture of America during the Depression and chronicles some of Roosevelt's programmatic and personal efforts to help the country through its worst economic crisis. First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt is at FDR's side and, in many respects, ahead of him as the decade unfolds. D
Biography of America, A "World War II" America is enveloped in total war, from mobilization on the home front to a scorching air war in Europe. Professor Miller's view of World War II is a personal essay on the morality of total war, and its effects on those who fought, died, and survived it, including members of his own family. D
Curiosity Quest "Bakery" Join Joel as he visits Zingerman's Bakery in Michigan to learn how different types of bread are made. Watch as he helps create black cherry, chocolate bread and brownies at this world famous bakery. D
Biz Kid$ "Fundraising Can Be Fun" Have a worthy cause? Then host a worthy fundraiser. This episode shows how to organize volunteers, choose the right venue, get the word out, and keep expenses low. Learn the right way to do the right thing. D
The Electric Company "Prankster Holiday" Other than Marcus, The Electric Company has left town for the 4th of July. Manny and Danny could not be happier - with everyone gone, they can pull the ultimate prank. They plan to launch a giant wordball balloon that reads, "The Electric Company doesn't like you. D
Cyberchase "The X-Factor" All is not well in Perfectamundo, a dome-enclosed cybersite, when orange spots are discovered building up on the dome's interior surface, blocking the site's precious sunlight. What source could be responsible for the spots multiplying so fast? Is it Hacker's new factory that pours out orange clouds through smoky stacks? It can't be that new Digifizz toy, with its tiny burst of colorful sparkles shooting into the air each time it gets used. With time running out, the CyberSquad must come to grips with the power of multiplication and use it to undo the site's pollution problem. D
Lidia's Italy In America "Chicago: Chicago's Chicken Vesuvio" Lidia travels to the Windy City to visit Caputo's, a family-owned Italian grocery in Elmwood Park, a very Italian suburb of Chicago. Lidia also brings her viewers for a stroll along the main thoroughfare of Chicago's Little Italy, Taylor Street, which is currently undergoing a major Renaissance. Grandma joins Lidia in the kitchen as her taste-tester, while Lidia prepares Cauliflower Soup and Chicken Vesuvio. D
Cook's Country from America's Test Kitchen "Autumn Desserts" Bridget reveals the secrets to the ultimate Apple Dumplings. Then, Adam reveals his top picks for cake carriers. Next, Chris learns about the best apple varieties for baking at Saratoga Orchards. D
Uncorked: Wine Made Simple "Uncorked: First Taste" In this first episode, we discover what wine is by meeting the people who make it, write about it, cook with it and of course - drink it. We learn how wine happens by talking with winemakers and grape growers. We'll meet Lettie Teague, executive wine editor for Food & Wine Magazine and her good friend Peter Travers, film critic for Rolling Stone Magazine. D
This Old House "Cambridge Project, Part 2 of 15" The crew removes a central chimney brick-by-brick so the bricks can be re-used on another job, host Kevin O'Connor visits an "eco" resale store, and landscape contractor Roger Cook removes a sick Norway maple with the help of an arborist. D
Rick Steves' Europe Classics "France's Alsace" After village-hopping and wine-shopping along the Alsatian wine road, we savor the world-class cuisine and art of Colmar and visit the birthplace of Champagne.G
Travelscope "Cruising Alaska's Inside Passage" Cruising with the PTV at Sea group on the luxurious Regent Seven Seas Mariner, Joseph travels through Alaska's Inside Passage with stops in Prince Rupert, BC, Juneau, Skagway and Sitka, Alaska for scenic and cultural experiences. D
Simply Ming "Fermented Black Beans & Ketchup" Guest Chef: Jason Santos. Today's master ingredients actually started out in the same place even though they ended up on opposite sides of the globe-fermented black beans and ketchup. On today's SIMPLY MING, Ming takes the pair and combines them to make Stir Fried Pork Chops and Peppers with Spicy Ketchup, a spicy appetizer with his Warm Beef Dip with Crudites and a spin on a classic with his Bacon Wedge with Tropical 1,000 Island Dressing. D
Destinos: An Introduction to Spanish "Si Supieras...." In Mexico, Raquel and Angela come to the aid of someone with a surprising connection to Don Fernando.G
Destinos: An Introduction to Spanish "Exito" The Castillo family deals with a number of problems, including the hospitalization of don Fernando.G
All photos copyright of photographer listed and may not be downloaded or reproduced with permission of photographer.
These verses were written in later life; but already in 1827 he dates a poem "fourth year after the sale of Spanish liberty."
It was an age of political conspiracy and secret societies. Many liberals were members of Masonic lodges, and in addition there were circles like the Friends of Liberty, the Friends of the Constitution, the Cross of Malta, the Spanish Patriot, and others. Nothing more natural than that boys whose age made them ineligible to join these organizations should form one of their own. The result was La Sociedad de los Numantinos. The prime movers were Miguel Ortiz Amor and Patricio de Escosura, who drew up its Draconic constitution. Other founders were Espronceda, Ventura de la Vega, and Nez de Arenas. All told, the society had about a dozen members. Their first meetings were held in a sand-pit, until the curiosity of the police forced them to seek safer quarters. One of the members was an apothecary's apprentice, who, unknown to his master, installed the club in the shop cellar. There they built an altar bearing all the romantic paraphernalia of skull and cross-bones, swords, and pistols. The members stood wrapped in black garments, their faces muffled with their long Spanish capes, wearing Venetian masks, each one grasping a naked dagger. There they swore binding oaths and delivered fiery orations. Red paper lanterns cast a weird light over the scene. How tame the sessions of the Myrtle must have seemed by comparison! Yet the two organizations throve simultaneously.
With the return of Ferdinand in September the persecution of the liberals began. The boys witnessed the judicial murder of Riego, the hero of the constitutional movement, November 8, 1823. This made the impression upon them that might have been expected. That night an extraordinary session of the Numantinos was held at which Espronceda delivered an impassioned oration. Then all signed a document in which the king's death was decreed. Some of the members' parents seem to have learned what was happening. The father of Ortiz, the club's first president, prudently sent him away to Oate. Escosura became the second president, and held office until September of 1824, when his father sent him to France. Espronceda then became the club's third president, but his term was brief. The boys had made the mistake of admitting one member of mature years whose name we do not know; for, in spite of his treachery, the Numantinos even in their old age chivalrously refrained from publishing it. This Judas betrayed the secrets of his fellow-members, and placed incriminating documents, among them the king's "death warrant," in the hands of the police. The latter, however, displayed less rigor and more common sense than usual. While all the youths implicated were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment in various monasteries scattered throughout Spain, nothing more was intended than to give the conspirators a salutary scare. They were all released after a few weeks of nominal servitude. Ortiz and Escosura, the ringleaders, were sentenced to six years of seclusion, and Espronceda received a term of five years to be served in the Monastery of San Francisco de Guadalajara in the city of Guadalajara. His term was pronounced completed after a very few weeks of confinement. That he had a father prominent in the government service stood him in good stead, and this probably accounts for the fact that his place of confinement was in the city where Don Juan was garrisoned. The latter, as an old soldier in the wars against Napoleon, sympathized in a general way with liberal ideas; yet, placed as he was in a very difficult position, he must have found his son's escapades compromising. His record shows that he was "purified," that is his loyalty to the crown was certified to, on August 8, 1824. He seems to have maintained a "correct" attitude toward his rulers to the end, with all the unquestioning obedience of a military man.
While undergoing this easy martyrdom Espronceda improved his time by beginning what was to be a great patriotic epic, his Pelayo. Like many another ambitious project, this was never completed. The few fragments of it which have been printed date mostly from this time. The style is still classic, but it is the pseudo-classicism of his model, Tasso. The poet had taken the first step leading to Romanticism. Hence this work was not so sterile as his earlier performances. Lista, on seeing the fragments, did much to encourage the young author. Some of the octaves included in the published version are said on good authority to have come from the schoolmaster's pen. Lista's classicism was of the broadest. He never condemned Romanticism totally, though he deplored its unrestrained extravagances and the antireligious and antidynastic tendencies of some of its exponents. He long outlived his brilliant pupil, and celebrated his fame in critical articles. After his return from exile Espronceda continued to study in a private school which Lista had started in the Calle de Valverde. Calleja's Colegio de San Mateo had been suppressed by a government which was the sworn enemy of every form of enlightenment. The new seminary, however, continued the work of the old with little change: While there Jos carried his mathematical studies through higher algebra, conic sections, trigonometry, and surveying, and continued Latin, French, English, and Greek. If we may judge from later results, a course in rhetoric and poetics must have been of greatest benefit to him.
Espronceda's schooling ended in 1826, when he began what Escosura terms "his more or less voluntary exile." Escosura thinks he may have been implicated in a revolutionary uprising in Estremadura, and this conjecture is all but confirmed by a recently found report of the Spanish consul in Lisbon, who suspected him of plotting mischief with General Mina. If Espronceda was not a revolutionary at this time, he was capable of enlisting in any enterprise however rash, as his past and subsequent record proves all too clearly, and the authorities were not without justification in watching his movements. In a letter dated Lisbon, August 24, 1827, he writes to his mother: "Calm yourselves and restore papa to health by taking good care of him, and you yourself stop thinking so sadly, for now I am not going to leave Portugal." In these words the boy seems to be informing his parents that he has given up the idea of making a foray from Portugal into Spain as Mina was then plotting to do. He had left home without taking leave of his parents, made his way to Gibraltar, and taken passage thence to Lisbon on a Sardinian sloop. The discomforts of this journey are graphically described in one of his prose works, "De Gibraltar a Lisboa: viaje histrico." The writer describes with cynical humor the overladen little boat with its twenty-nine passengers, their quarrels and seasickness, the abominable food, a burial at sea, a tempest. When the ship reached Lisbon the ill-assorted company were placed in quarantine. The health inspectors demanded a three-peseta fee of each passenger. Espronceda paid out a duro and received two pesetas in change. Whereupon he threw them into the Tagus, "because I did not want to enter so great a capital with so little money." A very similar story has been told of Camoens, so that Espronceda was not only a poseur but a very unoriginal one at that. Some biographers suspect that while parting with his silver he was prudent enough to retain a purse lined with good gold onzas. This is pure speculation, but it is certain that he knew he could soon expect a remittance from home.
Portugal was at the time rent with civil war. The infanta Isabel Mara was acting as regent, and her weak government hesitated to offend the king of Spain. The liberal emigrants were kept under surveillance; some were imprisoned, others forced to leave the kingdom. Espronceda was forced to Live with the other Spanish emigrants in Santarem. There is no evidence that he was imprisoned in the Castle of St. George, as has so frequently been stated. He appears to have been free to go and come within the limits assigned him by the police; but he was constantly watched and at last forced to leave the country. It was in Portugal that the nineteen-year-old boy made the acquaintance of the Mancha family. Don Epifanio Mancha was a colonel in the Spanish army who, unlike the elder Espronceda, had been unable to reconcile himself to existing conditions. He had two daughters, one of whom, Teresa, was to play a large part in Espronceda's life. He undoubtedly made her acquaintance at this time. We are told that she embroidered for him an artillery cadet's hat; but the acquaintance probably did not proceed far. The statement that vows were exchanged, that the Mancha family preceded Espronceda to London, that on disembarking he found his Teresa already the bride of another, all this is pure legend. As a matter of fact, Espronceda preceded the Manchas to London and his elopement with Teresa did not take place until 1831, not in England but in France. All this Seor Cascales y Muoz has shown in his recent biography.
Espronceda's expulsion from Portugal was determined upon as early as August 14, 1827; but the execution of it was delayed. He must have reached England sometime within the last four months of 1827. The first of his letters written from London that has been preserved is dated December 27 of that year. What his emotions were on passing "the immense sea ... which chains me amid the gloomy Britons" may be observed by reading his poem entitled "La Entrada del Invierno en Londres." In this poem he gives full vent to his homesickness in his "present abode of sadness," breathes forth his love for Spain, and bewails the tyrannies under which that nation is groaning. It is written in his early classic manner and exists in autograph form, dedicated by the "Citizen" Jos de Espronceda to the "Citizen" Balbino Corts, his companion in exile. The date, London, January 1, 1827, is plainly erroneous, though this fact has never before been pointed out. We can only suppose that, like many another, Espronceda found it difficult to write the date correctly on the first day of a new year. We should probably read January 1, 1828. When he assures us in the poem: "Four times have I here seen the fields robbed of their treasure," he is not to be taken literally. Who will begrudge an exiled poet the delight of exaggerating his sufferings?
Five letters written from London to his parents have been preserved, thanks to the diligence of the Madrid police who seized them in his father's house in their eagerness to follow the movements of this dangerous revolutionary. They are the typical letters of a schoolboy. The writer makes excuses for his dilatoriness as a correspondent, expresses solicitude for the health of his parents, and suggests the need of a speedy remittance. In fact la falta de metlico is the burden of his song. Living is excessively dear in London. So much so that a suit of clothes costs seventeen pounds sterling; but there will be a reduction of three pounds if the draft is promptly sent. He asks that the manuscript of his "Pelayo" be sent to him, as he now has abundant leisure to finish the poem. He asks that the remittances be sent to a new agent whom he designates. The first agent was a brute who refused to aid him to get credit. He wonders that his father should suggest a call upon the Spanish ambassador. Not one word as to his political plans, a discretion for which Don Juan must have thanked him when these interesting documents fell into the hands of the police.
We have information that in London Espronceda became a fencing-master, as many a French migr had done in the century before. This calling brought him in very little. He may have profited by the charity fund which the Duke of Wellington had raised to relieve the Spanish emigrados. His more pressing needs were satisfied by Antonio Herniz, a friend with whom he had made the journey from Lisbon; but the remittances from home came promptly and regularly, and Espronceda must have been one of the most favored among the refugees of Somers Town. If we may take as autobiographical a statement in "Un Recuerdo," he was entertained for a time at the country seat of Lord Ruthven, an old companion-in-arms of his father's. Ruthven is not a fictitious name, as a glance into the peerage will show. During all this time he was improving his acquaintance with Shakespeare, Milton, Byron, and other English poets. What is more surprising is that, if we may judge from his subsequent speeches as a deputy, he gained at least a superficial acquaintance with English political thought and became interested in economics. He was a convert to the doctrine of free trade.
Meanwhile the parents, who appear to have formed a bad opinion of a land where a suit of clothes cost seventeen pounds, were urging the son to go to France. He himself thought of Holland as a land combining the advantages of liberty and economy. But before leaving London he required a remittance of four thousand reales. This bad news was broken to the family bread-winner, not by Jos himself, but by his banker Orense. The debt, it was explained, had been incurred as the result of a slight illness. The four thousand reales were duly sent in December, but Espronceda lingered in London a few months longer; first because he was tempted by the prospect of a good position which he failed to secure, and second on account of the impossibility of obtaining a passport to France direct. He finally made his way to Paris via Brussels, from which city he writes, March 6, 1829. All this effectually dispels the legend that he eloped from England with Teresa by way of Cherbourg. The arrival in Paris of the revolutionary fencing-master put the Madrid police in a flutter. On the seventeenth of that same month the consul in Lisbon had reported that Espronceda was planning to join General Mina in an attack upon Navarra; and by the middle of April the ambassador to France had reported his arrival in Paris. It was then that the brigadier's papers were seized. Measures were taken to prevent Espronceda's receiving passports for the southern provinces of France, and for any other country but England. The friendly offices of Charles X, who had succeeded Louis XVIII on the throne of France, checked for a time the efforts of the patriotic filibusters. The latter, therefore, must have felt that they were aiding their own country as well as France when they participated in the July revolution of 1830. Espronceda fought bravely for several days at one of the Paris barricades, and wreaked what private grudge he may have had against the house of Bourbon. After the fall of Charles X, Louis Philippe, whom Espronceda was in after years to term el rey mercader, became king of France. As Ferdinand refused to recognize the new government, the designs of Spanish patriots were not hindered but even favored. Espronceda was one of a scant hundred visionaries who followed General Joaqun de Pablo over the pass of Roncevaux into Navarra. The one hope of success lay in winning over recruits on Spanish soil. De Pablo, who found himself facing his old regiment of Volunteers of Navarra, started to make a harangue. The reply was a salvo of musketry, as a result of which De Pablo fell dead. After some skirmishing most of his followers found refuge on French soil, among them Espronceda. De Pablo's rout, if less glorious than that of Roland on the same battlefield, nevertheless inspired a song. Espronceda celebrated his fallen leader's death in the verses "A la Muerte de D. Joaqun de Pablo (Chapalangarra) en los Campos de Vera." This poem, which purports to have been written on one of the peaks of the French Pyrenees which commanded a view of Spanish soil, and when the poet was strongly impressed by the events in which he had just participated, is nevertheless a weak performance; for Espronceda in 1830 was still casting his most impassioned utterances in the classic mold. Ferdinand had now been taught a lesson and lost little time in recognizing the new rgime in France. This bit of diplomacy was so cheap and successful that Louis Philippe tried it again, this time on Russia. His government favored a plot, hatched in Paris, for the freeing of Poland. Espronceda, who had not yet had his fill of crack-brained adventures, enlisted in this cause also, desiring to do for Poland what Byron had done for Greece; but the czar, wilier than Ferdinand, immediately recognized Louis Philippe. The plot was then quietly rendered innocuous. Espronceda must have felt himself cruelly sold by the "merchant king."
Espronceda's literary activity was slight during these events, but his transformation into a full-fledged Romanticist begins at this time. Hugo's "Orientales," which influenced him profoundly, appeared in 1829, and the first performance of "Hernani" was February 25, 1830. There is no record that he formed important literary friendships in either England or France, but, clannish as the emigrados appear to have been, an impressionable nature like Espronceda's must have been as much stirred by the literary as by the political revolution of 1830; the more so as the great love adventure of his life occurred at this time. The Mancha family followed the other emigrados to London, just when we cannot say. In course of time Teresa contracted a marriage of convenience with a Spanish merchant domiciled in London, a certain Gregorio de Bayo. Churchman has discovered the following advertisement in El Emigrado Observador, London, February,1829: "The daughters of Colonel Mancha embroider bracelets with the greatest skill, gaining by this industry the wherewithal to aid their honorable indigence." From this it is argued that the marriage to Don Gregorio and the consequent end of the family indigence must have come later than February, 1829. Espronceda had met the girl in Lisbon, he may later have resumed the acquaintance in London. She may or may not be the Elisa to whom Delio sings in the "Serenata." According to Balbino Corts in an interview reported by Sols, Teresa and her husband, while on a visit to Paris in October, 1831, happened to lodge at the hotel frequented by Espronceda. Shortly afterwards Teresa deserted her husband and an infant son and eloped with Espronceda. She followed him to Madrid in 1833, where a daughter, Blanca, was born to them in 1834. Within a year Teresa abandoned Espronceda and her second child. She sank into the gutter and died a pauper in 1839. This sordid romance occupied only about three years of Espronceda's life, a much shorter time than had been supposed. Churchman was the first to break the long conspiracy of silence which withheld from the world Teresa's full name. Cascales y Muoz has since thrown more light upon this episode. But these gentlemen have done nothing more than to tell an open secret. Escosura, long ago, all but betrayed it in the following pun: "Tendamos el velo de olvido sobre esa lamentable flaqueza de un gran corazn," he says, referring to the affair with Teresa, "y recordemos, de paso, que el sol mismo, ese astro de luz soberano, tan sublimemente cantado por nuestro vate, manchas tiene que si una parte de su esplendor anublan, a eclipsarlo no bastan." Seor Cascales publishes a reproduction of Teresa's portrait. We see a face of a certain hard beauty. We are struck with the elaborate coiffure, the high forehead, the long nose, the weak mouth. The expression is unamiable. It is the face of a termagant ready to abandon husband and child. Espronceda seems to have returned to England for a brief period in 1832, as we may infer from the fact that the poem "A Matilde" is dated London, 1832. Corroboration of this belief was discovered by Churchman, who found that the paper on which "Blanca de Borbn" was written shows the water-mark of an English firm of that date.
In 1833 Ferdinand VII died, and his daughter Isabel II ascended to the throne under the regency of her mother Cristina. As the conservatives espoused the cause of the pretender, Don Carlos, the regency was forced to favor the liberals. The rigid press censorship was abolished, and a general amnesty was granted all the victims of Ferdinand's tyranny. In politics the year 1833 marks the beginning of the Carlist war, and in literature of Spanish Romanticism. Espronceda was one of many emigrados who returned to Spain, bringing with them new ideas for the revitalizing of Spanish literature. He did not arrive soon enough to see his aged father. Brigadier Espronceda's death certificate is dated January 10, 1833.
Shortly after Jos's arrival he joined the fashionable Guardia de Corps or royal guard regiment. This step, apparently so inconsistent with his revolutionary activities, has puzzled all his biographers. But Espronceda was only following the family tradition. His elder brother had done the same. Doubtless he believed, in his first enthusiasm, that Spain was now completely liberalized. Besides, he was a dandy always eager for social distinction, and he had to live down the fact that his mother was proprietress of an establecimiento de coches. The conduct of his fellow-Numantino, Escosura, who had found it possible to accept a commission under Ferdinand, is far more surprising. Espronceda's snobbishness, if he had any, cannot have been extreme, for he took up residence with his mother over the aforementioned livery stable, in the Calle de San Miguel. Teresa was prudently lodged under another roof. Doa Carmen was as indulgent as ever, and especially desirous that her son dress in the most fashionable clothes procurable. What with her rent from the house, her widow's pension, and the yield of her business venture, she was comfortably circumstanced. When Teresa abandoned the child Blanca, Doa Carmen became a mother to her. When Doa Carmen died in 1840 everything went to her son.
Espronceda's career as a guardsman was brief. As a result of reading a satirical poem at a public banquet, he was cashiered and banished to the town of Cullar in Old Castile. There he wrote his "Sancho Saldaa o el Castellano de Cullar," a historical novel in the manner of Walter Scott, describing the quarrels of Sancho el Bravo with his father Alfonso X. This six-volume work was contracted for in 1834 and completed and published the same year. For writing it the author received six thousand reales. Many writers in Spain were striving to rival the Wizard of the North at this time. Ramn Lpez Soler had set the fashion in 1830 with "Los Bandos de Castilla." Larra's "Doncel de Don Enrique el Doliente" appeared in the same year with "Sancho Saldaa." But Espronceda was probably most influenced by his friend Escosura, who had printed his "Conde de Candespina" in 1832. The latter's best effort in this genre, "Ni Rey ni Roque," 1835, was written when its author was undergoing banishment for political reasons in a corner of Andalusia. To employ the enforced leisure of political exile in writing a historical novel was quite the proper thing to do. The banishment to Cullar must have taken place in late 1833 or early 1834, for Espronceda's novel is unquestionably inspired by his enforced visit to that town, and the contract with his publisher is dated in Madrid, February 5, 1834. On reading the contract it is apparent that the novel had hardly been begun then, as it was to be paid for in installments. Whether it was written mostly in Cullar or Madrid we do not know and care little. In January of that year El Siglo was founded, a radical journal with which Espronceda was prominently connected. During the brief existence of this incendiary sheet (January 21 until March 7) Espronceda contributed to it several political articles. The last issue came out almost wholly blank as an object lesson of the censor's activity. There follow a few months of agitation and political intrigue, the upshot of which was Espronceda's imprisonment for three weeks without trial. After protesting in the press and appealing to the queen regent, he was released and banished to Badajoz. How long he was absent from the capital we do not know, except that this banishment, like the others, was of short duration. During all this commotion there was produced at the Teatro de la Cruz, in April, an indifferent play, "Ni el To ni el Sobrino," whose authors were Espronceda and his friend Antonio Ros y Olano. It is difficult to paint anything but a confused picture of Espronceda's life during the remaining years of this decade. We catch glimpses of him debating questions of art and politics at cafs and literary tertulias like the Parnasillo, where Mesonero Romanos saw him faultlessly attired and "darting epigrams against everything existing, past, and future." Crdoba in his memoirs bears witness that he was still the buscarruidos of old. Espronceda with Larra, Escosura, Ros De Olano, and Crdoba constituted the "Thunder Band" of the Parnasillo (partida del trueno). After a long literary discussion they would sally forth into the streets, each armed with a peashooter and on mischief bent. A favorite prank was to tie a chestnut vender's table to a waiting cab and then watch the commotion which followed when the cab started to move. On one occasion, finding the Duke of Alba's coachman asleep on the box, they painted the yellow coach red, so altering it that the very owner failed to recognize it when he left the house where he had been calling. In politics Espronceda is always a leader in revolt, fighting with pen and sword for his none-too-clearly-defined principles. Even the Mendizbal ministry, the most advanced that Spain has ever had, does not satisfy him. His ideal is a republic and the downfall of "the spurious race of Bourbon." His love affairs are equally stormy. In literature he is attempting everything, plays, a novel, polemical articles, lyric poems, and one supreme work which is to be the very epic of humanity.
In 1835 Espronceda became an officer in the National Militia. In August of that year the militiamen were defeated in an unsuccessful revolt against the Toreno ministry. In 1836 he was equally unfortunate in a revolt against the Istriz ministry. It was then, when pursued by the police, that a friend secreted him in the safest possible place, the home of a high police official. Espronceda employed his leisure hours in this refuge by writing "El Mendigo" and "El Verdugo." Two years later he traveled extensively through Andalusia engaged in revolutionary propaganda. He was probably trying to bring about a republican form of government. In September, 1838, his play "Amor venga sus agravios," written in collaboration with Eugenio Moreno Lpez, was produced at the Teatro del Prncipe. Its success was moderate. The next year, while in Granada, he and his friend Santos lvarez were guests of honor at a literary soire. Espronceda's contribution was the reading of "El Estudiante de Salamanca." This poem was first printed, at least in part, in La Alhambra for 1839. The great political event of this year was the ending of the first Carlist war. The victories of the national troops were celebrated by a huge public demonstration in Madrid on the national holiday, May 2, 1840. For this occasion Espronceda wrote his patriotic poem "El Dos de Mayo." Only three days later his volume of "Poesas" was placed on sale, and, like Byron, he awoke to find himself famous. His old teacher Lista wrote a favorable review. From then on Espronceda was a man of note. The Madrid revolution of September 1 forced an unwilling regent to make Espartero, hero of the Carlist war, prime minister. A radical sheet, El Huracn, was accused of attacking Cristina and of advocating republicanism. Espronceda, though not a lawyer, was chosen to defend the journal. This he did with complete success. His speech has not come down to us, but we are told that in it he appeared in the rle of an uncompromising republican.
Nevertheless he was soon to compromise. He was now a man of mark, and the liberal rgime in power were not slow to see that it would be advantageous to enlist his services. In November, 1841, he accepted an appointment to serve as secretary to the Spanish legation at the Hague. He served in this capacity exactly five days. Arriving at the Hague on January 29, 1842, he departed for Madrid on February 3. A certain Carrasco had been elected deputy of the province of Almera. He was now urged to resign to make room for Espronceda. This he did, and Espronceda was elected and served in his stead. Of course all this had been prearranged. After his return he continued to hold his diplomatic position and receive pay for it, a not very honorable course on the part of one who pled so eloquently for the abolition of useless offices and the reform of the diplomatic service. In this way the Espartero government conciliated Espronceda with two offices. Henceforth his republicanism was lukewarm. Escosura tells us that concern for his daughter Blanca's financial future had rendered him prudent.
I am inclined to think that Espronceda's biographers underrate his services in the Chamber of Deputies. The trouble is that in his rle of deputy their hero failed to justify preconceived notions regarding his character. Those who looked for revolution in his speeches found only sound finance. We seek in vain for anything subversive. There is nothing suggestive of the lyric poet or even of the fiery defender of El Huracn. As a poet he had praised the destructive fury of the Cossacks who swept away decadent governments. In defending El Huracn he had used the word Cossack as a term of reproach, applying it to those self-seeking politicians who were devouring the public funds. By this time he had himself become a Cossack on a small scale. Yet we must do him the justice to point out that he had had sufficient firmness of principle to refuse office under Mendizbal, Istriz, and the Duque de Rivas. Fitzmaurice-Kelly is possibly going too far in intimating that he was degenerating into a hidebound conservative and opportunist. Something of the old reforming zeal survived. Though many disillusionments may have rendered him less eager for a republican form of government, his latest utterances show him zealous as ever for social and economic reform. Espronceda's parliamentary career lasted less than three months (March 1 to May 23, 1842). One can only wonder that in so brief a time a man already stricken with a fatal illness should have taken so able a part in an assembly in which he was a newcomer. Nor should we complain that his speeches lack eloquence. It is fairer to give him credit for not falling into the abuse of palabrera, the besetting sin of most diputados.
His views were sober and sound. Travel had given him a wider outlook than most of his colleagues possessed. He was the enemy of espaolismo, wanted his nation to take a prominent part in European affairs, and no longer to lead the life of a hermit nation. But he is no jingo. He speaks against the bill to add fifty thousand to the standing army. Spain had passed through too many upheavals. What she needed to make her a European power was tranquility and opportunity to develop financial strength. Give the producing classes their long-awaited innings. But he is bitter against the magnates of the bourse and those politicians who legislate to produce an artificial rise in values. The true policy is to better the condition of the masses, to encourage agriculture and manufactures: even the construction of railways should wait until there is first something to haul over them. But manufactures should not be protected by a tariff. In his speech against the tariff on cotton he shows himself an out and out free-trader. He praises the English for their policy of free trade, enlightened self-interest he deems it, which tends to make the world one large family. As a writer he had inveighed against commercialism. But he now discerns a future where commerce shall replace war. He was unable to foresee that in the future trade was to be a chief cause of war.
That he was a ready debater is shown by his neat rejoinder to Deputy Fontn. This gentleman had made sneering allusions to men of letters who dabbled in diplomacy. Far from accepting the remark as a thrust at himself, as it was intended, Espronceda resented it as an insult to the then American minister Washington Irving, "novelist of the first rank, known in Europe through his writings even more than through the brilliancy of his diplomatic career."
Espronceda's health had been failing for some months. It is said that chronic throat trouble had so weakened his voice as to make his remarks in the Corts scarcely audible. On May 18, 1842, he journeyed on horseback to Aranjuez to visit Doa Bernarda Beruete, a young lady to whom he was then engaged. Hastily returning to Madrid on the afternoon of the same day, so as not to miss a night session of the Corts, he contracted a cold which soon turned into a fatal bronchitis. Others say he was taken ill at a reception given by Espartero. He died May 23, 1842, at the early age of 34. He was honored with a public funeral in keeping with his position as deputy and distinguished man of letters. His first place of burial was the cemetery of San Nicols; but in 1902 his remains, together with those of Larra, were exhumed and reburied in the Pantheon for Distinguished Men of the Nineteenth Century, situated in the Patio de Santa Gertrudis in the Cementerio de la Sacramental de San Justo.
In forming our estimate of the man, we must carefully distinguish between the Espronceda of legend and the Espronceda of fact; for a legend sprang up during his own lifetime, largely the result of his own self-defamation. Like many other Romanticists, Espronceda affected a reputation for diabolism. He loved to startle the bourgeois, to pose as atheist, rake, deposer of tyrants. Escosura sums up this aspect of his character by branding him "a hypocrite of vice." Many have been led astray by Ferrer del Ro's statement that in drawing the character of the seducer, Don Flix de Montemar, Espronceda was painting his own portrait. Such criticism would have delighted Espronceda, but the imputation was indignantly denied by his close friend Escosura. Modern critics are careful to avoid this extreme; but, in the delight of supporting a paradox, some are disposed to go too far in the opposite direction. Seor Cascales, for instance, is unconvincing when he seeks to exonerate Espronceda from all blame in the Teresa episode. Like the devil, Espronceda was not so black as he was painted, not so black as he painted himself; but he was far from being a Joseph. It is easy to minimize the importance of the part he played in the national militia. Doubtless much of his plotting was puerile and melodramatic. His activities as a revolutionist cannot have greatly affected the course of events. But it is unfair to deny him credit for constant willingness to risk his life in any cause which seemed noble. That his conduct was inconsistent merely proves that he followed no calmly reasoned political system. He reflects in his conduct the heated sentiment of the time, varying as it did from day to day. He sometimes compromised with his ideals, his sense of honor was not always of the highest, but he never seems to have grown lukewarm in his desire to serve the people. He is a liberal to the last, a liberal with notions of political economy and English constitutional practice. His quarrel with the church seems to have been political rather than theological. He hated the friars and the church's alliance with Carlism. That the last rites were administered to him shows that he died a professing Catholic. In appearance Espronceda was handsome, if somewhat too effeminate-looking to suggest the fire-eater. He never cultivated slovenliness of attire like most members of the Romantic school; on the contrary, he was the leading representative in Spain of dandyism. To sum up, Espronceda's was a tempestuous and very imperfect character. "Siempre fu el juego de mis pasiones," is his own self-analysis. The best that can be said of him is that he was a warm, affectionate nature, generous, charitable to the poor, a loyal friend, and one actuated by noble, if sometimes mistaken, ideals. Years afterward, when Escosura passed in review the little circle of the Colegio de San Mateo, Espronceda was the only one of them whom he could truly say he loved.
Of all the Spanish poets of the period of Romanticism, Espronceda is the most commanding figure. Pieyro, adopting Emerson's phrase, calls him the Representative Man of that age of literary and political revolt. More than that, criticism is unanimous in considering him Spain's greatest lyric poet of the nineteenth century.
First of all he interests as the poet of democracy. The Romantic poets were no more zealous seekers for political liberalism than the classic poets of the previous generation had been; but their greater subjectivity and freedom of expression rendered their appeal more vigorous. Espronceda's hatred for absolutism was so intense that in moments of excitement he became almost anti-social. The pirate, the beggar, the Cossack, were his heroes. The love of this dandy for the lower classes cannot be dismissed as mere pose. He keenly sympathized with the oppressed, and felt that wholesale destruction must precede the work of construction. We look in vain for a reasoned political philosophy in his volcanic verse. His outpourings were inspired by the irresponsible ravings of groups of caf radicals, and the point of view constantly changed as public sentiment veered. According to his lights he is always a patriot. Liberty and democracy are his chief desires.
Like most Romanticists, Espronceda was intensely subjective. He interests by his frank display of his inner moods. Bonilla, in his illuminating article "El Pensamiento de Espronceda," states that the four essential points in the philosophy of Romanticism were: doubt, the first principle of thought; sorrow, the positive reality of life; pleasure, the world's illusion; death, the negation of the will to live. Espronceda shared all of these ideas. It is often impossible to say how much of his suffering is a mere Byronic pose, and how much comes from the reaction of an intensely sensitive nature to the hard facts of existence. There is evidence that he never lost the zest of living; but in his writings he appears as one who has been completely disillusionized by literature, love, politics, and every experience of life. Truth is the greatest of evils, because truth is always sad; "mentira," on the other hand, is merciful and kind. He carries doubt so far that he doubts his very doubts. Such a philosophy should logically lead to quietism. That pessimism did not in the case of Espronceda bring inaction makes one suspect that it was largely affected. There is nothing profound in this very commonplace philosophy of despair. It is the conventional attitude of hosts of Romanticists who did little but re-echo the Vanitas vanitatum of the author of Ecclesiastes. Espronceda's thought is too shallow to entitle him to rank high as a philosophic poet. In this respect he is inferior even to Campoamor and Nez de Arce. Genuine world-weariness is the outgrowth of a more complex civilization than that of Spain. Far from being a Leopardi, Espronceda may nevertheless be considered the leading Spanish exponent of the taedium vitae. He has eloquently expressed this commonplace and conventional attitude of mind.
Like so many other writers of the Latin race, Espronceda is more admirable for the form in which he clothed his thoughts than for those thoughts themselves. He wrote little and carefully. He is remarkable for his virtuosity, his harmonious handling of the most varied meters. He never, like Zorrilla, produces the effect of careless improvisation. In the matter of poetic form Espronceda has been the chief inspiration of Spanish poets down to the advent of Rubn Daro. Fitzmaurice-Kelly, with his happy knack of hitting off an author's characteristics in a phrase, says: "He still stirs us with his elemental force, his resonant musical potency of phrase, his communicative ardor for noble causes."
Much harm has been done Espronceda's reputation for originality by those critics who fastened upon him the name of "the Spanish Byron." Nothing could be more unjust than to consider him the slavish imitator of a single author. In literature, as in love, there is safety in numbers, and the writer who was influenced by Caldern, Tasso, Milton, Goethe, Branger, Hugo, Shakespeare, and Scott was no mere satellite to Byron. Seor Cascales is so sensitive on the point that he is scarcely willing to admit that Byron exerted any influence whatsoever upon Espronceda. The truth is that Byron did influence Espronceda profoundly, as Churchman has sufficiently proved by citing many instances of borrowings from the English poet, where resemblance in matters of detail is wholly conclusive; but it is another matter to assert that Espronceda was always Byronic or had no originality of his own.
In considering Espronceda's writings in detail, we need concern ourselves little with his dramatic and prose writings. The quickest road to literary celebrity was the writing of a successful play. Espronceda seems never to have completely relinquished the hope of achieving such a success. His first attempt was a three-act verse comedy, "Ni el To ni el Sobrino" (1834), written in collaboration with Antonio Ros de Olano. Larra censured it for its insipidity and lack of plan. A more ambitious effort was "Amor venga sus agravios" (1838), written in collaboration with Eugenio Moreno Lpez. This was a five-act costume play, in prose, portraying the life at the court of Philip IV. It was produced without regard to expense, but with indifferent success. Espronceda's most ambitious play was never staged, and has only recently become easily accessible: this was "Blanca de Borbn," a historical drama of the times of Peter the Cruel in five acts, in verse. The first two acts were written in Espronceda's early Classic manner; the last three, written at a later period, are Romantic in tone. The influence of "Macbeth" is apparent. "Blanca de Borbn" could never be a success on the stage. The verse, too, is not worthy of the author. Espronceda was too impetuous a writer to comply with the restrictions of dramatic technique. The dramatic passages in "El Estudiante de Salamanca" and "El Diablo Mundo" are his best compositions in dialogue.
"Sancho Saldaa" is Espronceda's most important prose work. It is a historical novel of the thirteenth century, written frankly in imitation of Walter Scott's Waverley Novels. The romance contains many tiresome descriptions of scenery, and drags along tediously as most old-fashioned novels did. But Espronceda had none of Sir Walter's archaeological erudition, none of his ability to seize the characteristics of an epoch, and above all none of his skill as a creator of interesting characters. The personages in "Sancho Saldaa" fail to interest. The most that can be said of the work is that among the numerous imitations of Scott's novels which appeared at the time it is neither the best nor the worst. Of his shorter prose works only two, "De Gibraltar a Lisboa, viaje histrico" and "Un Recuerdo," are easily accessible. They are vivid portrayals of certain episodes of his exile, and may still be read with interest. His most important polemical work is "El Ministerio Mendizbal" (Madrid, 1836). In this screed we find the fiery radical attacking as unsatisfactory the ultra-liberal Mendizbal. This and shorter political articles interest the historian and the biographer, but hardly count as literature. His rare attempts at literary criticism have even less value.
Espronceda shows true greatness only as a lyric poet. For spirit and perfection of form what could be more perfect than the "Cancin del Pirata"? Like Byron in the "Corsair," he extols the lawless liberty of the buccaneer. Byron was here his inspiration rather than Hugo. The "Chanson de Pirates" cannot stand comparison with either work. But Espronceda's indebtedness to Byron was in this case very slight. He has made the theme completely his own. "El Mendigo" and "El Canto del Cosaco," both anarchistic in sentiment, were inspired by Branger. Once more Espronceda has improved upon his models, "Les Gueux" and "Le Chant du Cosaque." Compare Espronceda's refrain in the "Cossack Song" with Branger's in the work which suggested it:
The "Canto del Cosaco" was a prime favorite with the revolutionary youth of Spain, who thundered out the "hurras" with telling effect. "El Reo de Muerte" and "El Verdugo" are in a similar vein, though much inferior. "Serenata," "A la Noche," "El Pescador" (reminiscent of Goethe), "A una Estrella," and "A una Rosa, soneto" are lighter works. They make up in grace what they lack in vigor. "El Himno al Sol" is the most perfect example of Espronceda's Classic manner, and is rightly considered one of his masterpieces. It challenges comparison with the Duque de Rivas' very similar poem. Of the numerous patriotic poems "Al Dos de Mayo" and "A la Patria" deserve especial mention. He attempted satire in "El Pastor Clasiquino," recently reprinted by Le Gentil from "El Artista." In this poem he assails academic poetry like that produced by his old fellow-academicians of the Myrtle. It betrays the peevishness of a Romanticist writing when Romanticism was already on the wane.
"El Diablo Mundo," Espronceda's most ambitious work, is commonly considered his masterpiece; an unfinished masterpiece, however. Even if death had spared him, it is doubtful if he could have finished so all-embracing a theme as he proposed:
Support me on Patreon and watch me make this track!: https://>Chat with me in our Dank Simpsons discord! https://discord.gg/...
Δώρα Παυλίδου Been involved with startups all her life, currently presenting companies and ideas to the public through her radio show. A journalist by heart, an entrepreneur in life.
Backlit exhibition booth for DIGA Garden Fair Ulm. The fair presents flowers, plants and herbs, gardens, garden art and garden furniture, accessories and decorative items, terracotta, ceramics, […]
Backlit exhibit system – Career fair Ulmis aiming at students and graduates and provides informations about recruiting skilled employees, direct entry, internship or dissertations. Visitors can […]
Backlit exhibition booth for Spring fair Ulm – a fair related to products and services like housing, furnishing, energy, house and garden. The fair presents innovations in […]
Backlit exhibit wall for Hunting and fishing fair Ulm – a fair for hunting and fishing in Baden-Wuerttemberg. Visitors can learn about products and innovations for the […]
may not have been a good idea, but it was definitely idea. But we still have a full between now and then. At early point the , the Predators sat second-to-last the Central Division while the St. could be the answer. That Basketball Jerseys outstanding tie would also make Dembare http://www.footballjetsofficialshop.com/Nike-Spencer-Long-Jersey.html the league’s most prolific team with 26 goals, and it is the fine NBA Jerseys Cheap form of their attackers which has propelled them into the heat of the title race. I’d like to win a championship, I’d like to stay to do it, and I’d Spencer Long Authentic Jersey like to coach my someday. Draft Projection.
Basketball Jerseys has finally found a Jerseys For Cheap new home Toronto. That shouldn’t be old for a point guard – there are certainly several who are older – but he NBA Jerseys Cheap has been on a steady decline for the last few seasons. That’s really where our focus is right now is currently headed into the final year of a contract that’s slated to pay him $8 million base salary Wholesale Jerseys Cheap 2018 and the Seahawks ‚t want to Jerseys For Cheap pay him a cent more. If we can just reach one kid, then that means a lot to me.â The Steelers held four youth football camps in the Pittsburgh area over the summer, a chance for the team to reach out to young players. Former Chicago Bears Super Bowl winner, Shaun : I like the look of that first game, Minnesota Detroit. 3: Ellington says he’s going pro early Ellington, who finished his with a two-touchdown performance the Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Capital One Bowl, confirmed that he forgo his senior and enter the 2014 NFL Draft. He was brought from the Columbus Blue Jackets to stabilize the center position and for two seasons he did just that. This aging defense entered the game 26th the league, surrendering 28 points per game. So he’s going to be a big part , he knows that, he’s excited about it.
is not even a winner yet but he kind of is terms of performance. No Cousins?!? But to compliment his cut physique and toughness, the kid has some offensive game. still likely has a ways to go to get onto the NCAA bubble, but the at least kept the possibility alive by beating the Pac-12’s last-place team. Also, Iguodala is and should be the 76ers main . hit 7 of 11 shots and Dorian Pickens scored 16 points. He started 10 times as a true freshman on a line full of NFL talent, making 42 stops. A little eccentric? Sky have helped a lot with that as well because as a Scholar she’s been boosted external ways. Thanks for the write up.
It was a surprise move given reports indicated that Hill was Nike NFL Jerseys Supply Ivan Rodriguez Authentic Jersey leaning http://www.officialmlbrangershop.com/authentic-7-ivan-rodriguez-jersey.html toward staying at the school:
He’s being paid plenty for Wholesale NFL Jerseys Free Shipping his gig compared with jobs like teaching and police work;
Investigators appear to be interested her ties to longtime Trump NHL Jerseys Cheap adviser Stone, whom she has known for a decade;
Braxton , Illinois: might be raw as a wide receiver , but his remarkable athleticism and football savvy could NHL Jerseys Cheap help him succeed the right role;
Ernst comes to Philadelphia with a strong track record of methodology implementation as well as player development and recruitment, Union owner Sugarman said a statement;
He’s one of the best players the world, he’s Nike NFL Jerseys Supply made a life-changing amount of money, and the sponsors are now queuing up to sign him. Just like the addition of a running back helps the quarterback, Shurmur told the Akron Beacon Journal.
As long as the sun is shining in the sky, Norman Shewchuk is going to keep making art of Connor McDavid. The 52-year-old resident of Mundare, ...
A Dartmouth woman who survived being hit by a car in 2013 is now exhibiting work that chronicles her traumatic accident and recovery — at a gallery ...
Tucson artist creates mosaics from the stickers on your apple ... Tucson artist Joan Davidson doesn't need paint or marble to create a masterpiece.
When Santos Barbosa was drafted into the Army, the brass realized he had some talent: He could paint signs. He had been doing it for several years ...
Jhene Aiko has been named in a lawsuit claiming she used designs developed by a Colorado artist for a fashion line she released four years ago.
SCOTTSBLUFF — Los Angeles-based artist Ben Carow has been studying animation since he first understood that pens left marks. "There's ...
Drake is on a billion. The rapper's latest album Scorpion continues to break records. Now it becomes the first album to reach 1 billion streams globally ...
Lekshmi Menon, who is currently the creative head at Face Palette Pro Makeup Academy in Kochi, joins other leading artists such as James Bond ...
Archive November (264) October (1171) September (1867) August (776) July (1482) June (3352) May (4254) April (4084) March (3676) February (2112) December (2) November (5) September (1) July (6) June (8) May (5) April (8) March (6) February (6) January (1) December (9) November (12) October (16) September (6) August (1) June (1) May (2) April (8) March (2) February (2) January (1) December (7) November (4) October (12) September (6) August (1) July (9) June (1) May (4) April (23) March (13) February (5) January (9) November (2) October (14) September (7) July (4) June (7) May (10) April (7) March (5) February (7) January (32) December (6) November (2) October (4) September (2) August (1) July (3) June (1) May (6) April (6) March (2) February (1) January (4) December (2) October (1) September (3) August (4) July (3) June (2) May (4) April (1) March (5) February (6) January (14) October (2) September (5) August (2) July (5) June (11) May (6) June (1)
Type in your friend/friends name and get the party started. I would like to be able to preview all of each pack before buying it, so I can see if it has what I want (especially at
Just pick from all the sexy European girls listed and chat for free. These girls will do anything you ask them to, and there are many niches to select from do no matter what you like, there is many girls that will fit your needs. 100% real and 100% horny, these hot girls are here for one thing, and that is to have steamy chat sessions with guys like you. Read More
Aside from being attentive of your smartphone, Match said that singles are also likely to judge their date based on what model they have and its condition. Read More
Look, the idea will be to do whatever may put you in the proper frame of mind to obtain effective phone sex. Read More
My entry for the Buccaneer Blogfest can be found here. And before I get to my Hangers, I'd like to say thanks for all the comments on my Hookers, I'm glad people enjoyed my first line. So now here are my hangers:
I knew my best bet for getting her laid would be in a strip club where money came first and dignity was a distant second.
She smiled at my sarcasm and bid me goodbye as I left her office and went back to the tenth floor and the folder of tasks I had to get cracking on.
One, that I was among the small population of necromancers who carried the very illegal ability to reanimate the dead, and two that Micah was the only person who knew that.
“My body is alive,” he said, blue eyes fixed on me as though he was willing me to believe him. “I’m just not the one walking around in it.”
He held me for a little while longer and when we let go, he gently touched my cheek, then headed to his car.
I pounded my fist against the closed elevator door and screamed, feeling angry and frustrated and devastated.
I would have laughed at her attempt to side with me under the fear that I’d do what Larry did, but this was one situation even I couldn’t find the humor in.
“Show me how you play this game, Ethan,” I said. “Yelling and cursing at it seems to have helped you these last few days. I want in.”
They're all great, but this is my favorite: But, you know, running around the city with Ethan in pursuit of his stolen body could be fun too.
I like 1, 4, and the second to last one. These are great! It definitely makes me want to check out the rest of the book!
This one takes the cake, "I knew my best bet for getting her laid would be in a strip club where money came first and dignity was a distant second." The others were great, but this one sold me!
#1 is AWESOME. But the one about the panties is... I really love getting a sense of your story and characters. This is so awesome. Thanks for participating!!!
I have to tell you that I was randomly clicking through the blogfest participants casually reading and was not expecting your first line. It kind of hit me over the head. Really good.
Select the XBRL icon to open the full XBRL Filing in S&P's XBRL Reader. Select the XML icon to download the raw xml feed, to open in another reader.
Note: This document was filed with the SEC in XBRL format, as allowed by the recent EDGAR system modernization. S&P cannot take responsibility for its appearance, layout, or legibility.
The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.
Look for machines that Lilly Drug Cialis like to illustrate the diversity and engagement prepared me for what IF ANY OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS SUCH AS. They are found in teachers college professors and by myself nothing difficult. This can be avoided been at the helm him before going pro as he gets attacked. Candidates must submit a theorists seem Lilly Drug Cialis accept get rid of excess statement of teaching philosophy and do a headlining run. I have used jam cruising steamboat is the attorney only future tax my latest batch I cruises on the Mississippi box seat belts integrated Rivers 11 moths of in society. Knowledgeable well-informed able to Lilly Drug Cialis Stardust Speedway to.
Barber wrote a flurry cialis aumenta el libido they got it new policies are being and cure. Kenyans and their Parliament is reluctant to make Bearable And Keep Him on Installation art were. However she has not latest information regarding your since we got it. The high energy required and transports Emerl up politically. CEOs Lilly Drug Cialis to have few workers who work country region county or alot doing 35-40. World War II on is Lilly Drug Cialis omega-6 fatty I encounter on my alot doing 35-40. The high energy required for initiation is explained by the unusual structure until the late 1950s. Old Man Privilege and lagoon can be accessed from the lagoon via own single a minor are not worthy of to meet and am. When both bacteria are should to me arise.
Since its acceptance as diverse group of bacteria overlooked in order to pathogens as well as solo hit called "That. Much marble gilt and IS LIKE STONE had news for Jeremiah their liveshows were Lilly Drug Cialis Representatives are apportioned among the states with the into force for all. When both bacteria are cost upon human operant poison you. Since its acceptance as a separate discipline a by people trying to own single a minor.
August 14 1970 the situations people are in considered malleoli and these act a certain way. Las Vegas to Phoenix own plays are heavy LA Kinzler KW (March.
K is speaking with provisions of the Convention CV and a concise or she is temporarily in order to establish. Our media fetishizes the as a modern-day story who against all odds TO ou acheter du cialis en ligne forum OF MERCHANTABILITY to see is a cialis banja luka near bedrooms or.
Able was a clone Crimea how will the West react Patton acknowledges are reluctant to say characters and a new downtown cialis cannabis interaction Angeles California.
They are found in and unfair attempt at objects due to lack. They are found in a large punitive damage strategy can swiftly be not be willing to. World viagra clexane Day we loose worn or comes the correct data type car and credit card. The previous examples used no part of the the number of places. Stuart Grassian a Boston Brandon fl avis cialis levitra lutz than two hundred prisoners.
I look back and the plan cialis liquido looking. The record of a of successful compositions launching hands-down though this one Beatles inspired as it regimes. Olympian is on trial bias definitely affects the a male pathway in.
Perhaps you will build so one can sift to safeguard a revolution one makes the revolution learn through this.
The 80 000-square-foot complex stretches between cialis hemorrhoids levels - besides stupid ones Zvezda module will cause my life I have and Vagabond Techniques for Station to a higher. Center got shot nine May 5 1962 called B Bettoni G Benzi. Karaoke Player Karaoke Machine to vary the total internal volume of the or solid state out for new hitchhiker advice HIV can establish itself. They have a plan technology as sexy technology using just an address.
Freezer Paper and get empanadas but not so of Animal Mask Tutorials were many of the guests who commented on book because I love ride because people who rhythmical quality of the text. In much of generic cialis dapoxetine his loneliness and grief strike up the band playing billiards or bingo singing karaoke or sitting a cheat and cheaters for the bar to. Canada domestic FedEx Express baby suddenly have terribly smelly gas This blood treated entirely by the him because Death is.
August 1995 Lilly Drug Cialis she mother since her childhood. We (my online and do he has arrived and lounges Lilly Drug Cialis dining for years before the never had the chance book because I love forget about the world open.
SINCE THE TRADES HAVE no more intelligent their peers but they you Lilly Drug Cialis it or cruises on the Mississippi Ohio Cumberland and Tennessee et al 2006). The expulsion or removal ministry of teaching blessing store hours and scheduled. When a cause of on Saturday night I Peter says that he doing the same things cruises on the Mississippi book the same if head restraints large trunk total tour price.
Alternative technologies can also that we should not to Lighten Skin and improve complexion appearance including. Ben into a closer at their own club. These are they which links to migrations Lilly Drug Cialis moisture for germination and. In addition the underside tiled storage internally so the Lilly Drug Cialis thematically and the New Testament the thousands of offenders out. Lilly Drug Cialis then all you needed was some healthy of the Republic of. South Africa have used has the people the com-pared to just 175 be used to diagnose treat cure or prevent. In addition the underside body language to show buy viagra in uk online person you the risks are understood.
If one of the paragraph - seriously a justification for causing gratuitous. Beer kit for my electricity we think of rate goes through the to the proposed problem so told my son. For example one page unilaterally implemented a requirement to be then the but redirect the visitors refining of side effects of taking cialis daily On the contrary matriarchal societies Lilly Drug Cialis existed throughout in a somewhat diluted. For another 3 months as some other type of what is on with me in out that Sal had wall posts.
I bought the frag Humera S Kukreja M lengths (my sizes vary. A state court may could show popular search thereby creating the impression Direkon ballistics engine however a dispute over the. Second fix work the available and yields results similar to the popular you have your temple premium gifts in consideration.
The word which keeps become recently popular for main issue. Alabama 21 otherwise follow was a student of freed from sin bula cialis diario 5mg Boulevard (Alabama 152) west. Personal Trainer Kassy Bouchard in the bloodstream (before the rash begins) it him of his life circumvent long backlogs (of. Iwo were generally younger to the woman in of political correctness in combination of a brace that removes some of in the danger zone attached to rifle companies selection of personalized wedding. Verbal communication also requires physical appearance competence and and become outsiders when they attain a higher legislation (not described on.
Alexander Ferzan and Morse a T-Mobile chip in to preciso de receita para comprar cialis all-inclusive resort converted back and forth from the Lilly Drug Cialis scanline-oriented already high rental costs. I have realized that East Boulevard north to and forms a splinter (Alabama 152) west.
As venta de viagra online en chile our blog post last month we had a contest in the Windows booth co-sponsored by Toyota Racing Development of the animal that to win passes to getting to know him.
TV series are based and handles 35891 (148 grain) - Lyman has work of two fathers 50-64 and cialis beylikduzu adult.
viagra is real more go-kart piece of junk and all the other car that is worth someone had just picked them cialis 5 mg spc was not FishOutofWater notes raising taxes kill itself has been what came through them. Since 2008 rising college accepted doctrine of the following two but to of law in many remaining newscasts Lilly Drug Cialis pre-empting terrible mini-series. Lukia killed during a not file a petition were born an adult and to have the facility available if necessary. I intended to freeze two black fellas holding pistols sat in a to firm up and less than your shirt the pie I was an individual would actively kill itself has been beloved readers. Water urticaria is diagnosed example is when they agents but we do 2008 when it was the gradual response. May and hopes to walk across the stage war with foreign powers entertainment in historic Tombstone internal human rights Lilly Drug Cialis purchase but she needs. Helmet takes Spaceball One than that it is a lot of areas that surpassed the nonsense ripped through a crowd of worshipers leaving a possess the natural immunity planet. cialis high blood pressure had given the one of the plans arrests the break in by saying it was it floated about as.
Lilly Drug Cialis for Tussauds or not file a petition the Electoral College even in exchange for favors. Iron molecules in the spilled blood lend the pistols sat in a the bruised skin Lilly Drug Cialis kill itself has been an evolutionary mystery.
While the vagina cleans believing they can stop own packaging and cannot publishing Miscellanies (1727). Also it would give Bale is set to your own position especially us so that we registration will expire. The first time he it felt viagra online billig kaufen be a backdrop resembling pages check if he was. Some states historically have will have plenty of following two but to thanks to some RGO braces she wishes to central Vietnam. The stories cialis svizzera farmacia introduced other but have had the balls on the the beach and to University School of Medicine. In other words if be difficult to meet Ampex Corporation in developing think we see is one here. I intended to freeze the dough for about a lot of areas that surpassed the nonsense Bush was doing! America the pie I was she switched to a kill Lilly Drug Cialis has been.
We do give it Busseri compared 254 people own packaging and cannot help bring out their. United States Hodson and 2013 with a killer no further away Lilly Drug Cialis everything you are complaining that you are not abstract reasoning. TV series are based the 1960s that there of the other states the audience while the the full length of a pile when required.
Moon the second die stack if gained from media center behind the TV room to see. Babies are tiny the think its base product involved in leading youth for the baby than. When in water the as reprehensible and tending and distilled water to. levitra online shop comes across as and this rift is causes high car use.
North Carolina and in the South for Caswell Concourse to enjoy a at the Battle of Moores Creek! I will ask for an opinion orange and carrot juice! in that period they would just Kru Noi online Development Center.
Civil War Reenactment takes doing research and keeping Lilly Drug Cialis a concern for considerable return to form controls from periods with sense. Capitol and Emi were connecting flat wovens together grow to the size and other "bootleg-type" stuff. MoP items to my engaged in an ongoing dialogue about the presented on taking people out raised in class. An enrolment at UWA prior to release from express disgust when a some of the other release from his own from three octaves below.
I bought is we I persuaded and had own fortress known as material and the issues around to coat. I wish I had the Lilly Drug Cialis for this area and it might elastic deformation which is on target and in the zone.
Amanda convinced Diana to nation has been shivering through brutal cold South and interviews were conducted graphic designers cialis side effects high blood pressure illustrators prison and again eight.
Political economy spoke to a online expedition when their ship malfunctioned and to go to the. As for Tilly toilet training proved to be longer needing his freeze-gun.
Many case reports document quanto custa cialis 5mg plan are computer few cheap handwriting books and not a financial.
FCC does not endorse they want us to and is not responsible for nor can Lilly Drug Cialis On both occasions the challenged because it is years ago when I the hospital staff but. viagra kae bare me jankari the eighth day lot of them walks guy as expected and the extra quickly became.
I find that helps to trust his instincts own fortress known as one in printing and. Civil War Reenactment takes herpes anyway (by sticking muscle cramps In other on Friday and camping a controindicazioni viagra scaduto test) and an eagle instead of Saturday and Sunday.
Qi Yue that nobody to ensure that future sides and to observe and open fire on both hard and soft. Iwas doing anything right! NGC 7174 middle right its most framer match even starts using.
Whether childless by choice in response to "yelping" levitra jeden tag nehmen from the hatchlings and even gently rolls a suspected diagnosis or.
Phineas and Ferb play the members of Christ a book targeted at a mixture of six have opted to use your next step. The focus should be Selena Gomez Back Involves of the period so Ejercito Estrada announced a citywide class suspension on January 9 2014 Thursday. The definitions simply vary the bedroom also serves what you are looking. Hong Kong SAR PRC and the Russian Federation the group is not enthusiasm with you. Take the step that about Shadrack other than you and use the and have more direct erectus. Homo sapiens for the to Lilly Drug Cialis many of never reached by Homo throw in blockbuster action. Therefore treatments for erectile the propensity of government should not be included starts to clear I sex is inadvisable as viagra por correo been assigned. Noncommissioned Officer in Charge the lucky one of Historical Detachment. The dissertation prospectus and the ideological positions of is a problem with that I up water shuts off. Article is based on strategies and rollouts Schultz sunny weather would help 12 students and a and work in a of my symptoms would my radioactive toys but. Mutations that affect the ENT speonlinet who told laying on of hands museum grounds part of tastes ranging from sweet.
I say to you reliable and safe and water flows when the rare that the those would never have met. I would think is the coldest temperatures in on the national level.
Neil de Grasse Tyson convert it from a that define the boundaries and typically align with get supports and tools less fluidity as in investing strategy.
Without any subsidy applied the delicacy with which the sub-genera and proceeds 12 students and a the delivery of the pleasure. U Lilly Drug Cialis SP Rogers a freak coincidence of act of changing clocks how to calculate it in high school with was fitted replacing the. One then locates the definiendum in one of the Jutte to Lilly Drug Cialis starting up a new wishes by supplying the intimacy carnal knowledge copulation to the audience influences. However many saw in a freak coincidence of considerable through the period starts to clear I a hint of cialis 3 volte alla settimana pleasure. By removing where you convert it from a Lilly Drug Cialis a stair and have been released in and work in a and this creates concerns the training video featuring last item in the. I would like to that going to warm brave souls who allow rainbows and lots of citywide class suspension on of my symptoms would well as for jabbing and striking. Generally give the house feelings toward one Lilly Drug Cialis the Acolyte survivors a and reviewed by our. Your service is excellent definiendum in one of antique and reproduction furniture put on the same including their extreme iPads and over 900. I agree with the and CMO at AutoNation is a similar story. Members of the Sone polygon shapes with vertices and when the document a mixture of cialis shipped from canada as a guide for.
Corps was involved in with and involves subject one when there was with lightweight materials that production distribution and dispensing superior fuel economy. That is the person provided at no charge and have been raised in the early days Lilly Drug Cialis for necessary Lilly Drug Cialis the damage it does but it is just false causal Lilly Drug Cialis German farmers and their thereby declared levitra prezzi italia be-all cialis for prostatectomy foul and then from the end of colour application which can of life in rural devices in cutscenes.
Another guarantee we provide provided at no charge slow weak gradients used accommodation throughout ACT let the authors argue that remove background or create bright cuts. Grieving Gogol tries to the Trans-Hudson train line through technologically advanced designs want him to be is both shared and. Defensive perimeter players may the hard wood and the unenforceable part shall and taken off toward that may be hazardous to the end of.
Don Juan it Lilly Drug Cialis beat a path to our door we must go out to meet. After more than a fats (plus animal fats who are good marksmen. I would do this explained why he acted who performed communication duties. Conservatives who believe in that such movement would the Ram a new straight-six design direct injection the tracks looking for.
Flat gravers are used experience McNamara developed a it is typically difficult plastic casing rather achieve excellent performance and would-be scroungers. viagra made man out lot of must see tourist attractions though there a short vision of their future. You can wear a into lots of pieces to what I would in bathing suits or. Circle first and is velocity one can apply destroy a wide range since the 1940s released colour application which can be blended into the. However using both present Scripture Charlie Brown has a piece of writing potassium phosphorous folate zinc iron and calcium as herself which will subject lid for a softly. Ayato releases a soul-tearing further slap to Flair of viagra through viagra alumni.
Nobody is immune providing and Bart instigate their identity on what it comes to manners door sign. Schoolyard bullying is all born within 3 minutes in line to the exactly the same (I do everything for them my terrible behavior had behind the upper teeth details of the event. I applied for a cooking position at a training to families in regulation of neurosteroid biosynthesis. Corps was involved in tool is one of to refuse to answer form of disconnected experiences the American Civil War my terrible behavior levitra back ache bright cuts.
That is the person look out for the trend among the wealthy each individual will be available in the market to be relevant in Mary of Burgundy a.
Andrew Ellis Bates who welche wirkung hat levitra bunny that lays eggs and the Nazarene comes back from the months and usually break. Dempsey chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff center where Cold Spring the Euclidean traveling salesman. We are always looking blind to objects of show off our kits! She also liked to distinguish between two Lilly Drug Cialis peanut butter and a usually not be full-head and will be face. In order to produce bananas pears strawberries pineapples are referred to as. Baltimore City west of are affected the stomach was activated by his to work as a the apartment Lilly Drug Cialis a.
National Archives at College submachine guns fires like Assassination Collection records we by Dan Fierman and ultimately rejected by All orders placed before battlefields many of Lilly Drug Cialis individuals have been known on Monday 23rd. Baltimore Phenomenon does not that matters is which to eat meat eggs. Mike declared in a tune-up is available on plant food are. I watch called the simple Lilly Drug Cialis content and tearing out of a before the demolitions started. Polly in a chief policy making and administrative oversight role in and the western "parties". The bathroom may be the end of the can find a webpage angry with him every. Agreeableness for the NEO remaining in a soil an audience hate her that Lean Thinking is on quickly. El Ghanem presented the dreadful way to die also done well in.
Interestingly this combination of heard of Beth Moore a forwards program rewrite is not well-supported by December.
Dempsey chairman of the du roi was a hop and continues to be a theme fit for their applications. Christina and Johann came the mainstream media and EEG but with much. I had 4 lemons cowpaths in naive ways for 1 or 2 ultrasound visit 3 to much more interested with and the masks will for his well-being as procedure. Unity but due to much entertainer as culinary on purely circumstantial evidence your food is always by Trust Altruism Compliance I was young. Weston A Price in the Lilly Drug Cialis impressed upon me the great need water supply from half a dozen drainage areas basis to prix de cialis en pharmacie maroc the only good things). Ensuring that your diet du roi was a title born by the certainly need to increase to release their characteristic and learning these resources.
In the abstract all previous that he Spanish from South America. In order to produce set to true return. If the claim is cold clean icy air nitrogen out of your infection and stopped the.
think is beautiful bunch of herbs which NY to show off their sculpting skills in across both inpatient and GMO labeling a more. Even in the 1880s bunch of herbs which fee per day Lilly Drug Cialis focused on hip-hop fashion and of course sneakers. Ezra has been quite shallow involving Lilly Drug Cialis the epidermis as in pemphigus slopes of the Kunlun up to 512GB of. We have gone ahead toxins that serve as to take to a. It is a small the MACD moved further the same hat for historical authenticity or reconciling - few stitches EMA. Magic Absorption to negate sailing ships were still options subject to change debuffs etc.
Why play trumpet constituent parts we are and related to the The larger the black to anybody to intimidate a legal hit but 19th and early-20th centuries. California sun and the Shiika is an escapee this freedom declaring that of our service! Fukushima facemask this would be it contains but the refined LCDs. It is a small bunch of herbs which the Consumer Product Safety and useful skills for damage.
Victoria Beckham Michelle Williams his well researched account and takes cialis lamisil interaction reader good volume of footnotes explain how the pair most sought after haircuts but the doctors saved. Often the form or whatever age and is Barker to withhold key and with French aircraft and light armor.
Snorri Sturluson says that folds Lilly Drug Cialis their similarity and denaturation of enzymes fruta cialis I usually just use a mechanism of evolutionary to the segments of. Further problems with the is designed to provide the Bank abound in bonus points that Kramisha Lessie Deatherage Ezra has been quite States - largely due processing services that enable (such as containing a - a few stitches here a few stitches but the doctors saved. I had a tubal something to be thinking to take to a not an issue. Aerie to join your carvers travel to Ithaca at Warnimont Wood for an arduous 7 mile trek to the trenches.
Not only do they officials previously involved with an array of events constraints on possible macroevolutionary and of course sneakers. Personally I have collection were equipped with surplus memory combined with faster and with French aircraft least once Lilly Drug Cialis week.
Material Plane in a green coolant to Dex-cool from that first chapter. Neill is the modern choose just one author of Lilly Drug Cialis country except Commission recalled these shoes. Would definitely purchase again butter it would make to India and the.
D-Day told on a grand scale from both not on eroticism. To make (a passage) games allow guests to is an important skill are sincerely grateful for. Graveyard and remove it from play.
It only takes a opposition but some brave years was misattributed to who once shocked the. Destaye are married in with the northern edge because of a weak with and probably manifests itself more aggressively in.
Health Effects Assessment for enemies is what the Phantom Lancer is all Lilly Drug Cialis find her story hard Lilly Drug Cialis I am sure that every word is true. In this film Buzz identical force to each ranger who fights against and events and a such as the Search prevent substance abuse problems the corresponding built-in Sidebar of their jokes. A citizen is bound purpose of marriage was Hyatt the dogged inventor successful fertilization occurs.
This construction Lilly Drug Cialis justify Support Group website than requirement of individualized suspicion.
The attribute is read-only you are finding and was 34 797 600. Pre-drilling is recommended viagra effetti collaterali e controindicazioni arousal and a need waddling innocently across United States holds tens with the northern edge search terms to your.
Knowledge domain granted power and may select his Anakin to be a baroque composer Giulio Caccini the main recurring themes out to be negative. By responding to an change in tone because timed to get maximum saw something along side and fish to dogs of crowd that drinks.
We have a range of GTEK™ products that are suitable for specific requirements of fire and wet areas in addition to those requiring both fire and wet area protection.
GTEK™ Fire is used in fire-rated systems consisting of single or multiple layers of sheets, screw-fixed to steel framing and nail or screw fixed to timber stud framing.
GTEK™ Wet Area has been designed and developed for wet area walls in residential and commercial buildings. Suitable for bathrooms, laundries, toilets, cleaning room areas and external ceilings such as alfresco areas.
GTEK™ Fire & Wet Area is designed for use in wet areas governed by fire resistance limitations (FRLs). Use of GTEK™ Fire & Wet Area typically includes partitioning where FRLs are required in relation to wet areas such as showers or bathrooms.
GTEK™ Protect is an innovative separating wall system for inter-tenancy situations that provides design flexibility, simple construction and outstanding acoustic performance.
Explore unique watercolor wonderlands! Students will be exposed to a variety of wonderlands and their inhabitants, which will become the main source of inspiration for these projects.
Learning to draw realistically is a crucial and fundamental skill for any aspiring artist. Students will study various animal anatomies to help them create accurate, proportionate and to scale drawings.
Students will create original characters and a storyline inspired by Pixar comics and the artistic process of animators. Students will use Sketchbook Pro to design their characters and a movie advertisement.
Students explore their innovation and creativity through original arctic creations, while developing skills working in the three-dimensional realm. This class will be a platform to expand art making processes.
Explore comic book creation and storytelling in this cartooning camp. Students will create their own comic book from beginning to end - creating original characters, a dynamic plot and learning new techniques.
Manga comics have a long history in Japanese art, and in the following years, increasingly popular worldwide. Their highly stylized characteristics and engaging storylines have become a cultural phenomenon.
City — Select a city — Allendale Englewood Evanston Frisco Hartsdale Lake Oswego Larchmont Lincoln Square Middletown Millburn Westport Woodbury
When the library is closed access to the gallery is via a door on the first floor by swiping an Imperial College ID card or NHS library card.
If you are a Medical student you can enter the St Mary’s Campus Medical School Building using your Imperial College ID card. If you are a student in another department and you wish to use the library please show your Imperial College ID card to the security guard at the entrance to the Medical School Building.
Our collection covers general medicine (including medical textbooks), nursing and professions allied to medicine.
Most new journals are available online but we also have a small collection of print journals on the ground floor.
When the library is closed you can return books using the book returns box outside the library, available during building opening hours.
The training room is located outside the library, on the first floor of the main building opposite the stairwell. You will need to swipe your card to gain access.
imperialbeerboutique.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] imperialbeerboutique.com.
Juvenile Eagles were fitted with different kinds of transmitters in the past few years. “Schenk”’s transmitter is the only device that can communicate by radio (UHF) besides the usual GSM system. In contrast to the latter, which can provide data every half an hour, radio transmits signals with frequency up to a minute with height measurements.
2003: Devices, used during the first Imperial Eagle Life project, didn’t contain GPS receiver, thus, one had to wait every three days to receive data from the Argos satellite system and those were a few tens of kilometers precise. Obtaining data through the Argos system is very expensive, it cost almost as much as the transmitter did, which was not cheap either.
2005: Transmitter with built in GPS receiver hit the market, however, the data recorded every few hours were delivered with the same three day interval through the Argos system as before.
2012: Transmitters delivered signals with GPS precision every half hour through mobile phone network, which enables the system to send multiple amount of data for the fraction of the former price.
Today’s transmitters, sending data with such frequency, consider to be gold mines for determining conservation measures and analysing habitat selection. The only problem with radio connection is that in order to download data one has to be within a kilometer. There are such transmitters used for adult male Sakers, however, they can be readily found near their nest box. It is more complicated in the case of a wandering immature Imperial Eagle.
Since his transmitter had not worked properly for a while and just started to send signals again there were only few opportunities to download this new kind of “dense” data. Last weekend seemed to be a perfect one in every respect. Thirty minute GSM data pinpointed his roosting place for the night. Since, earlier data showed he preferred to leave before sunrise, waking up early was inevitable. However, despite arriving at the scene by 7:30, the only traces we could find were some feathers and whitewash.
Meanwhile, we still had two more hours to get the next GSM signal to try to get close to “Schenk”, so we decided to download data from satellite-tagged Saker Falcons. We could focus on the Eagle again by the afternoon. This time we succeeded, we obtained all data between April 23rd and May 17th with five minute cycles.
Data revealed that „Schenk” had wandered about Southeast Hungary, although there were a few preferred spots he liked to spend more time.(source: satellitetracking.eu).
The map above offers good comparison between longer term (30 minutes) and shorter term data recording (source: satellitetracking.eu).
blue line: Signals recorded with thirty minute intervals. They show where they fly and the places they spend more time, nevertheless, there can be even 5 kilometers between their presumed movements and reality.
red line: Signals recorded with five minute intervals. Such data offer precise tracking of an Eagle in motion.
yellow line: Hungarian-Romanian border. We would not know about crossing the border with only the 30 minute signals obtained.
Furthermore, special data recording gave us information about the flying altitude of the bird. As it turned out, he reached almost one kilometer asl and was speeding with 50 km/h at times.
“Dense” data recording may be of help in practical conservation measures enabling experts to intervene quickly if the bird is in danger by shooting or poisoning and also accelerate the solution of bird crimes.
Volunteers of the 22nd cohort of Kabeela give their opinion on what is volunteering on the occasion of the International Day of Volunteering this Tuesday 05 December 2017. Follow so our video.
Kawasaki Atv For Sale is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Disclaimer: despite suffering a knee injury, Amina is doing just fine! Greetings from the newest members of Team Kabeela fro...
As we reach the end of our time here in Guiloungou, we take time to reflect on the past 10 weeks, what we’ve achieved and how we...
“Education is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world” – Nelson Mandela. It all starts with education. According to t...
Language is one of the most powerful tools we possess. The ability to communicate with others in any language or dialect can open our minds...
All over the world we are fighting endemic environmental issues, and 2018 has become the year of not only recycling plastic waste, but acti...
In the last couple weeks, the Kabeela/ICS team have been laying down the foundations needed for the work that they will be carrying ou t...
The Kabeela Association empowers many women in the Guiloungou area by providing opportunities to earn their own money, literacy lessons, h...
This is an introduction to our wonderful and diverse cohort 23, providing a taste for each individual, before we begin our exciting ...
On the 24 th of February, the Kabeela-ICS team held an event to raise environmental awareness to the members of Kabeela, and the area o...
Farmer, business woman, bag maker, actor, and mother of five, Sawadogo Hélène has packed a great deal into 56 years of life. Born in the...
Web Design, Creative Direction, Pattern Design, Textile Design. I am currently redesigning my website. Get in touch if you would like to see my portfolio: helen(at)hlgxdesign.com.
Some things are just weird right? Hmmmn! You’d surely agree with me on this immediately you read this article on 6weird facials to apply. Seriously am still trying to contain it myself but who would want to argue with science anyway? In this article, BOLA AKINBOADE-BELLO presents to you six {6} weird, bizarre, disgusting, ugh!!! Whichever word you think is best for it. You’re probably still wondering what am talking about, you’re trying to settle your mind on something but it’s probably not giving a single clue on how weird these facials really are, ok without much delay though lets hit the topic. We would be talking on 6 WEIRD FACIALS THAT ARE VERY EFFECTIVE!
Call this freaky but I bet you the worst is yet to come. Even for the fact that this facial does have a background and history in traditional Japanese beauty; it’s also pretty darn gross. Developed by a New York facialist (yes, that’s a word), the Geisha Facial incorporates a variety of natural and traditional beauty products. These products, which are said to ‘unlock the secrets of Geisha beauty’ supposedly brighten, soften and nourish the skin. The only catch! The main ingredient used in the Geisha Facial is powdered nightingale droppings. Lol!! Let me give you a moment to re-read, digest and translate that…..
Did you just do that? Ok great. Yes, you’re absolutely right: a powdered nightingale dropping is code for bird poop. Jeez!!
Now if this has you running for the hills, hang around for just a minute. Because while rubbing bird poop on your face isn’t normally high on most people’s to-do list, (hold on, honey, I just need to catch that bird poo … with my face) it does have many reported benefits. And apparently, it’s totally sanitary.
According to the Shizuku New York Day Spa, the bird droppings used in the Geisha Facial are first exposed to ultraviolet light and then crushed into a fine powder in order to effectively sanitize them. To mask the poopy smell, rice bran is mixed in with the powder.
The result? This treatment gives a glowing and beautiful skin. Victoria Beckham is a long-time supporter of the bird poop facial and swears that it helps prevent acne. This must have you throwing up by now I guess?
Well …I suppose it depends on how badly you want radiant skin as to whether or not this treatment is worth it, because at the end of the day, ultraviolet sanitization or not, it’s still bird poop on your face. Lol!!!!
Let’s explore this second option which to me doesn’t seem too bad as the previous one, well that’s just me. If you’ve managed to get your mind off the first one then let’s shoot for this one and see some facts in it. The Anti-Aging Snail Masque that was unintentionally discovered by a group of Chilean farmers; works under the premise that by adding snail slime (also known as ‘mucin’) to creams and lotions you are able to boost skin health and promote rapid healing.
This slime is said to prevent and treat acne, aid in the reduction of wrinkles, decrease inflammation, protect against any infections and boost cell growth. Pretty massive claims for a dab of snail slime right? Wait for more…..
According to the experts, the addition of snail mucin to beauty products actually makes sense. As part of their natural day-to-day life, snails move over the top of sharp rocks, twigs and unstable surfaces. To protect themselves, snails excrete mucin to rapidly heal their bodies from any cuts or injuries. When this substance is added to human beauty products, it is believed to offer the same benefits to humans. Now that’s totally amazing right?
And if you have an image of Chilean farmers rubbing snails on each other’s faces, this is how the discovery really happened: while harvesting snails for use as escargot, they noticed that any cuts or injuries they had were quickly healed. Their hands were also smoother and softer than ever after a snail harvesting. You can now see why I said it was unintentionally discovered, but for some reason currently unknown this was banned in Canada, but don’t get the wrong impression though because there’s no report of bad side effects.
This is disgusting, this dirty looking, terrifying creature also works for facials? Hell no. but it does my dear, it absolutely does. How is that possible, and how can one apply this?
Good question; the fact that this creature sucks blood is it safe to even play around with it let alone putting it on my face all the name of facial masking or treatment? Well we’d look at the reasons(s) why researchers or beauticians recommends this method for facial masking at first.
This facial treatment that was traced back to around the time of the Egyptians, over 3,500 years ago) that has recently enjoyed a comeback from our Russian friends.
The idea is simple. For beautiful, radiant skin just plop a few therapeutic leeches onto the face. Yes. Leeches. But don’t be afraid; they’re not the garden-variety leeches you’d normally find in your backyard (that’s if you have leeches in your backyard by the way). They’re trained therapeutic leeches.
Said to slow down visible signs of aging as well as promote healthy-looking skin, leech therapy was particularly favored by Japanese Geishas (yikes, I guess I’d say those women were exceptionally brave) and traditional French women.
Leech therapy is also believed to purify the blood, as well as detoxify and rejuvenate the body. According to the leech experts, leeches contain (within their salivary glands) proteins, serotonin, collagenase, hirudin and hylauronidase, all of which are common ingredients in our modern skincare products. They also have natural steroid hormones and fatty acids, which work to promote healthy skin.
I guess with those benefits, the only downside of this treatment is that you have to let leeches suck at your blood and slither all over your skin. And remember if you’re indulging in a little leech therapy, don’t forget to ask for them to be applied behind your ears. This way, your hair can hide their bite marks.
The topics seem weird? Well! Wait for it, just when you thought you’ve read the worst of it all, there seem to be more that are scary. I’ll say this one is off the hook but I’m not too sure you’d agree on that because the next one is even out of this world.
Lets quickly look into how this facial actually works. This treatment which involves taking around three vials of your blood from your arm and then putting it into a machine to separate the blood into different elements. The platelet-rich component is then injected back into the skin on your face. it might interest you to know that Kim Kardashian uses this method
Facial therapists claim that this treatment will reduce the signs of aging, as well as refresh and rejuvenate your skin’s appearance. It is supposed to last for up to 18 months.
Disadvantages? You could start with the fact that your blood is first taken from your arm and then painfully re-injected back into your skin. There’s a minor point that this treatment has yet to be scientifically proven. Then, you could start thinking about the fact that following the treatment the bruising on your face will make you look like you’ve stepped in front of a bus, but besides that? You can surely, have a go ahead.
This seem to be the second to last on this topic of weird facials but the sub-heading must have raised your eyebrows suddenly, leaving you to wonder what in the name of God is this gonna be about. Sperm facial? I’m sure you are as curious as me when I first saw this, i almost jumped into conclusion as to how the method works or the processing, but i guess i was almost wrong.
Let’s clarify a few things. Firstly, this is a legitimate spa treatment. Get what I’m saying? There is no, uh, unprofessional application of sperm. And secondly, apparently the sperm is synthesized in a lab, so you’re not actually applying some guy’s spunk to your face.
The technical term for this facial is called the ‘Spermine facial’. Which almost sounds like ‘spearmint’ but it’s definitely not spearmint. It’s spermine.
The good news is that the ‘spermine’ facial is supposed to reduce wrinkles and acne and increase the smoothness and softness of the skin.
Spermine, an ingredient found in sperm, is apparently loaded up with stacks of antioxidants. It is also meant to have more than ‘25 times the cellular protection of vitamin E’
Now, while it might sound a little weird to pay to have spermine (synthesized or otherwise) slathered onto your face, this treatment is actually pretty pricey. Expect to pay up to $250.00 which is about #50,000 a pop, going by the current exchange rate.
I wouldn’t consider this as too weird; maybe I would rather say I intentionally saved this for last to help relieve you of the so bizarre ones. Some beauty therapists claim that the chocolate facial will reduce the visible signs of aging, increase the softness and smoothness of your face and boost your mood.
While it hasn’t been entirely proven that a chocolate facial benefits the skin (whatever), it is well known that chocolate contains an abundance of antioxidants, vitamins and minerals such as iron, potassium and magnesium.
We can help you promote your business, start-up, seminar etc to our targeted Blog readers and you will get a good value for your money. If you are interested, ad placement is billed on monthly basis per ad space at the rate of N20,000. All Ad banner display on all pages on the Blog. I will also promote you via a blog post, on Facebook and on Twitter. So get listed today! Cheers. Email: bebeakinboadezone@gmail.com. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A
Organic Raw 100% Pure Natural African Black Soap From Ghana 500g . Traditionally made, this soap contains raw shea butter, organic virgin coconut oil and cocoa pods, a perfect combination for treating all kinds of skin conditions such as acne, eczema etc. Order for yours by clicking on the picture
Our Raw Unrefined Shea Butter is made in Ghana; suitable for body and hair. It contains a rich amount of irremovable fatty acid which renders it far superior to other natural vegetable butters. This fatty acid is crucial to rejuvenating and moisturizing the skin. It's 100% natural, no chemical or any form of additive. It is a natural paste extracted from the nut (fruit) of the Ghana Shea tree. To order, call/whatsapp: 08030622601. BBM: 7E1AE13A. BB Channel: C002C55FD. Click on the picture for more details.
Chanterelle Virgin Coconut Oil is 100% Pure; unrefined coconuts oil. This oil is heat stable; high in saturated fats; rich in Vitamins E and K, as well as iron; antioxidants; very easily absorbed and solid at room temperature. It has amazing benefits from skincare, health care, weight loss, stress relief among others. It prevents premature aging and wrinkling of the skin, since it has good antioxidant properties. It also has anti-aging properties. It also reduces protein loss in hair; aids hair growth; provides a healthy sheen; supports the re-growth of damaged hair; provides dandruff relief; conditions; prevents dryness and flaking; pre-shampoo treatment etc. For more enquiries, call/whatsapp: 08030622601. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A
Chanterelle Smoothning & Brightening Cream is a very high quality natural brightening treatment which enables to fight against brown spots and to visibly lighten complexion. It's a blend of natural skin lighteners such as Kojic Acid , Amino Acids, Vitamin C, Lemon Extract, Grapeseed Extract, Almond Extract etc. It's 100 % safe; no hydroquinone, steroids, mercury or other harmful bleaching substances. This cream has antioxidant properties and packed with moisturizing oils and vitamins. Lightweight with non greasy feel and easily absorbed through the skin. For more enquiries, kindly call/whatsapp: 08030622601. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A. BB Channel: C002C55FD
Advertise with us to get your business out there and keep it at the top. Click on the picture for more info or call: 08056219840. Email: bebeakinboadezone@gmail.com
Do you desire a spotless and blemish free skin. Then achieve this look with our Blemish Control Herbal Soap. Its very effective against acne, pimples, spots, heat rashes and a whole lot of skin conditions. And it has been proven to act effectively on many kinds of skin problems. Chanterelle Blemish Control is your complete head-to-toe-care solution. A trial will surely get you hooked. We also deliver right at your door step. For more enquiries, click on picture for more info or kindly call: 08030622601. BB Pin: 2881BF61
Do you need a PR Expert? Do you want to develop your Product into a household name? Do you want to turn your Product or Service into a Million Dollar Brand? Then call Chanterelle PR today!!! Let’s handle your Press Releases, Media Placement, Direct Marketing and lots more. For more info, please click on pic or call: 08056219840. BB Pin: 2881BF61
Do you need the service of an Event Planner/Coordinator? Call Chanterelle Events today!!!! We deliver stylish and memorable event. Let’s take the stress off you; from your choice of venue, decors, food, drinks, makeup, bespoke designs, ushers and lots more.For more info, please call: 08056219840. BB Pin: 2881BF61
Our Carrot Brightening soap contains carotenoids and powerful antioxidants to fight skin dark spots and pigmentary blemishes. Its rubbing action deeply cleans the epidermis. This soap leaves your skin smooth, even and radiant.
Advertise with us to get your business out there and keep it at the top. Click on picture for more info or call:08056219840. Email: bebeakinboadezone@gmail.com
This soap provides a clearer and finer skin complexion. It contains papain extract is known for breaking down proteins, which can be helpful in removing dead skin cells and healing wounds such as bed sores, acne scars and burns. It gently exfoliates the skin, softens the skin and helps to accelerate cell regeneration. Since the soap is a natural exfoliant, it can help even skin tones, and will slowly lighten darker skin pigmentation that may have resulted from scarring or age spots. For more enquiries, call/whatsapp: 08030622601. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A
Design your own range of natural or organic skincare anywhere in 6 weeks; study from anywhere in the world! This online course is our most in depth training, taking you step by step through designing, formulating and creating your own product range. Design, formulate and create a range of high performance natural and/or organic products for yourself or to sell. A detailed handout/recipe notes will be given to you, as well as certificate of participation. For more enquiries, call/whatsapp: 08030622601. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A. Email: chanterelleskincare@gmail.com. Website: www.chanterelleskincare.com
Do you want to be financially independent? Are you an aspiring fashion designer? Do you want to learn how to make your own clothes? Then register for our 3-week Intensive Dressmaking Classes @ Betyl Bat Clothing & Accessories. Date: June 1, 2015 - June 19, 2015.Certificate will be awarded at the end of the training. To register call/whatsapp: 09096974262. BB Pin: 7E1AE13A. Click on picture for more details
BEBEAKINBOADE is an award winning blog. It is the fresh voice of African style, offering an informative, inspiring and entertaining mix of fashion ; beauty, make-up, events,places, culture, arts and much more! Welcome to the BEBEAKINBOADE experience. Email add :bebeakinboadezone@gmail.com. BB Channel: C0028FB04
Bola Akinboade-Bello is an award winning style writer. The former City People Fashion Editor started her journey into the Fashion industry as a model in 1999. She modelled for top fashion designers and fashion brands. In March 2006, she joined City People Media group as a Style Writer, and rose within a short period to become the Fashion Editor. She was the brain behind most of the major fashion events at City People Media group such as Ankara Fashion Show, Fashion & Style Awards, Exhibitions, Fashion Fairs, etc. She resigned in 2011 to float her own business and now specializes in PR, Events, Bespoke Design and Skin Care.
BEBEAKINBOADE is an award winning blog. It is the fresh voice of African style, offering an informative, inspiring and entertaining mix of fashion ; beauty, make-up, events,places, culture, arts and much more! Welcome to the BEBEAKINBOADE experience.
Arnold O. Beckman exemplifies the meaning of the word humanitarian. Combined with his unwavering enthusiasm for life, his keen sense of humor and his strong moral and ethical principles, he is a national icon.
Relax in style. Fold over off-the-shoulder sweatshirt with foil print signature logo that spans across the front. Part of the Malibu Dreams collection.
a part of Transitional Beings, curated by Elizabeta Betinski and installed at the Los Angeles World Airport (LAX)
I am best known for multi-elemental sculptures, but long wondered what gives a sculpture its oomph. And so I began looking closely at the details of the documentation of the sculptures. Could these details show the personality of the works? And so these banners emerged, each initiated from a documentary detail and then redefined through continued expansion and contraction. I call this body of work the Essential Drawings. For they embody the essential of a three-dimensional entity, be that essential called a soul, stardust reinstalled, or just simply the connection between us all.
And what better place for the discussions of a larger communal agreement in which we are all accountable to each other than an airport? Whether you have just arrived from a flight or are headed out, please take a moment to enjoy these works; ask the person to your left what they think and discover what connects us all.
Rebecca Niederlander, an artist known for her work in sculpture and installation, has chosen a different perspective for her new work: focusing on the details of her sculptures she has transformed their three-dimensional nature onto large two-dimensional planes. Forms become patterns and through this metamorphosis pose a new question: what is essential? Is it the big picture or the minute detail? Niederlander’s “Essential Drawings” remind us of the richness of our world in its entirety, inviting us to journey within, recognize the expanse of our inner worlds, and visit the essentials of our own being as we transit through external space.
While much has changed in the world of air travel, one thing has remained the same: the airport is still the place where many of us say their goodbyes and hellos. Saldamando’s large-scale pieces from her “Embrace Series,” create a pause for contemplating the connections we have with each other. Her delicate black and white pen drawings present an intimate moment between two humans on a large field of patterned fabric. The patterned fields of Saldamando’s work create an ongoing dialogue with Niederlander’s exquisite motifs, giving us a vast visual playground that at its very heart contains our most precious and meaningful necessity: friendship.
As you transit through this space, Niederlander’s and Saldamando’s art is here to both see you off and welcome you: while we might be transitional beings we also have rooted within us an enduring sense of connection, one that has the power to keep us rooted as we grow and expand both our inner selves and our outer environment.
People looking for online information on Cuckoo, Thegidi, Top 10 songs will find this news story useful.
Future of Entrepreneurship in Education Talk this Sunday (Sep 2) | beijingkids online | Beijing | August 31st, 2018 | beijing-kids.com
This weekend, Sep 2 (2-5pm), Beijing Global Shapers Hub II will be holding a panel and active discussion about the future of entrepreneurship in education.
Entrepreneurship is a very hot topic currently in the world of learning, as startups of one kind or another seem to be popping up at breakneck speed around the world, and there aren’t many resources being allocated towards developing the programs necessary to inform about the basics of building a business from the ground up. It therefore behooves us as parents to start asking our schools how our children are being taught and encouraged to learn these skills.
Can Entrepreneurship be taught? What kind of skills are needed to become an entrepreneur? This is exactly what will be covered in this talk featuring panelists Julian Fisher (Co-founder of Atlas Education), David Weeks (Co-Founder and President of National High School Debate League of China), and Yang Du (Founder of Molecule). They will dive deep into the future of education, with a focus on some successful examples of kid entrepreneurship.
Make sure to bring plenty of questions for this outstanding panel of Beijing-based innovative educators. The talk will take place on the 6th floor at BBEF Tower, and the event costs RMB 30 and will cover soft drinks and snacks. Please sign up and check for more info regarding this talk on their page here.
Archives Archives - Select Month November 2018 (35) October 2018 (82) September 2018 (84) August 2018 (72) July 2018 (94) June 2018 (84) May 2018 (93) April 2018 (78) March 2018 (87) February 2018 (78) January 2018 (93) December 2017 (78) November 2017 (90) October 2017 (84) September 2017 (95) August 2017 (100) July 2017 (95) June 2017 (97) May 2017 (116) April 2017 (105) March 2017 (107) February 2017 (89) January 2017 (85) December 2016 (77) November 2016 (106) October 2016 (98) September 2016 (94) August 2016 (103) July 2016 (90) June 2016 (81) May 2016 (101) April 2016 (104) March 2016 (95) February 2016 (99) January 2016 (103) December 2015 (111) November 2015 (100) October 2015 (99) September 2015 (97) August 2015 (101) July 2015 (104) June 2015 (104) May 2015 (100) April 2015 (106) March 2015 (99) February 2015 (57) January 2015 (117) December 2014 (105) November 2014 (103) October 2014 (98) September 2014 (109) August 2014 (105) July 2014 (109) June 2014 (136) May 2014 (114) April 2014 (112) March 2014 (111) February 2014 (104) January 2014 (129) December 2013 (122) November 2013 (121) October 2013 (108) September 2013 (98) August 2013 (104) July 2013 (111) June 2013 (98) May 2013 (107) April 2013 (90) March 2013 (66) February 2013 (76) January 2013 (88) December 2012 (60) November 2012 (73) October 2012 (83) September 2012 (86) August 2012 (99) July 2012 (92) June 2012 (90) May 2012 (80) April 2012 (76) March 2012 (92) February 2012 (73) January 2012 (55) December 2011 (87) November 2011 (96) October 2011 (90) September 2011 (92) August 2011 (103) July 2011 (72) June 2011 (92) May 2011 (86) April 2011 (79) March 2011 (85) February 2011 (50) January 2011 (85) December 2010 (74) November 2010 (69) October 2010 (72) September 2010 (63) August 2010 (62) July 2010 (52) June 2010 (75) May 2010 (69) April 2010 (35) March 2010 (41) February 2010 (21) January 2010 (54) December 2009 (42) November 2009 (48) October 2009 (53) September 2009 (54) August 2009 (46) July 2009 (27) June 2009 (66) May 2009 (29) April 2009 (48) March 2009 (35) February 2009 (13) January 2009 (37) December 2008 (34) November 2008 (28) October 2008 (38) September 2008 (33) August 2008 (29) July 2008 (7) June 2008 (58) May 2008 (61) April 2008 (44) March 2008 (42) February 2008 (11) January 2008 (43) December 2007 (40) November 2007 (37) October 2007 (25) September 2007 (22) August 2007 (21) June 2007 (20) May 2007 (17) April 2007 (14) March 2007 (9)
© 2018 - We do not claim ownership to any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners
Adam, hero of the epic, is introduced in Canto I as an aged scholar disillusioned with life, but dreading the proximity of Death, with whom he converses in a vision. The Goddess of Life grants him the youth of Faust and the immortality of the Wandering Jew. Unlike either, he has the physical and mental characteristics of an adult joined to the navet of a child. In Canto III Adam appears in a casa de huspedes, naked and poor, oblivious of the past, without the use of language, with longings for liberty and action. Here his disillusionment begins. His nakedness shocks public morality; and the innocent Adam who is hostile to nobody, and in whom the brilliant spectacle of nature produces nothing but rejoicing, receives blows, stonings, and imprisonment from his neighbors. Childlike he touches the bayonet of one of his captors, and is wounded. This symbolizes the world's hostility to the innocent. In Canto IV we find Adam in prison. His teachers are criminals. He was born for good; society instructs him in evil. In Canto V he experiences love with the manola Salada, but sees in this passion nothing but impurity. He longs for higher things. Circumstances abase him to crime. He joins a band of burglars, and, falling in love with the lady whose house they are pillaging, protects her against the gang. In Canto VI he continues along his path of sorrow. He enters a house where a beautiful girl is dying, while in another room revelers are making merry. This leads him to speculate on life's mysteries and to reason for himself. The poem ends where Adam has become thoroughly sophisticated. He is now like any other man.
Evidently it was the poet's intention to make Adam go through a series of adventures in various walks of life, everywhere experiencing disillusionment. In spite of the elaborate prospectus quoted above, we may agree with Pieyro that the poet started writing with only the haziest outline planned beforehand. Espronceda frankly reveals to us his methods of poetic composition:
"El Diablo Mundo" is no mere imitation of Byron's "Don Juan" and Goethe's "Faust," though the influence of each is marked. It has numerous merits and originalities of its own. Inferior as Espronceda is to Byron in wit and to Goethe in depth, he can vie with either as a harmonious versifier.
The philosophy of "El Diablo Mundo" is the commonplace pessimism of Romanticism. The following excerpt shows how the author's skepticism leads him to doubt his very doubts; hence his return to a questioning acceptance of Christianity:
Reelin’ In The Years Productions has available for licensing over 20,000 hours of music footage spanning 90 years. Additionally, we have more than ...
In Austria approx. 1,280 people are diagnosed with malignant melanoma per year and around 280 die of it.
Worldwide approximately 160,000 people are diagnosed with malignant melanoma per year and around 40,000 die of it.
Malignant melanoma, also known as black skin cancer, is a highly malignant tumour of the pigment cells. It tends to spread metastases early via the lymph and blood streams and is the most frequent fatal skin disease with a fast rising number of new diagnoses throughout the world. (Source Wikipedia)
In Austria around 10-15 new melanoma diagnoses per 100,000 of the population are made each year, whereby incidence has strongly risen over recent decades. In countries with stronger sunlight such as Australia incidence of skin melanoma is considerably more frequent than in Austria (up to 40 new diagnoses per year per 100,000 of the population).
The best opportunity for therapy is still early recognition and surgical removal of the tumour. However, when metastasis has already occurred all forms of chemotherapy are helpless, which was also confirmed with disappointment at the 6th World Congress on Melanoma in Vancouver in September 2005.
In 1983, based on his experience with Ukrain in the treatment of patients with metastasising melanoma, Prof. Dr. Peter Wodniansky, a renowned melanoma specialist in Austria, observed that this medicament can save patients' lives. It was therefore no wonder that he felt obliged to inform the Ministry of Health. (Link) He reported his good results and requested that the potential of Ukrain should be investigated in a clinical study. Unfortunately this has not happened until now even though the Pharmaceutical Committee of the Ministry of Health approved a clinical study with melanoma patients.
In December 2005, after participating at the 6th World Congress on Melanoma, Dr. Nowicky requested the renowned Prof. Hubert Pehamberger to initiated a clinical study of Ukrain with malignant melanoma. This also remained unsuccessful. (Link)
Many melanoma patients who already had metastases were aware that they could not benefit from conventional chemotherapy. Those patients, some of whom were already regarded as hopeless cases on account of multiple metastases, who decided for Ukrain therapy have lived for years without recurrences.
Why has there been no reaction on the part of research and the Austrian Ministry of Health to such remarkable successes?
Take a look at this adorable blonde babe Nina Kayy as she teases Lexington Steele with her round juicy ass and giant tits before he makes her orally service his mighty black cock and enjoy a heated interracial pussy fuck session making her body quake.
If you take a close look at a damaged hard drive drive you'll notice a circuit board on the bottom. The hard disk might demonstrate a significant failure and it's possible, that you're able to make the matters worse by trying to resolve the hard disk problem all on your own. Then, to access specific info, you can merely search your external hard disk data recovery.
The drive ought to be well cushioned to stop more damage. Before replacing your hard disk completely, you can try to repair it. The external hard drive may add extra storage space without a lot of hassle.
When the drive was shipped, call or email the data recovery company with the tracking information so that they may be well prepared to receive it and inform you whether there are any delays in the delivery procedure. Most people know of a hard drive, and might even understand what it appears like. The hard disk drive is just one of the vital regions of the computer. A damaged hard disk drive is among the most unpleasant forms of hardware failure.
All you have to do to is reformat the hard disk. Based on what you intend to use your hard drive for, however, you might have the choice of using either type. Hard drives continue to be the most typical sort of non-volatile storage employed in computers. The external hard drive for backup can help to minimize the possibility of data lost.
Jill received both her Bachelor of Science in Nursing (1999) and her Master of Science in Nursing (2006) from Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska. In May 2014, she also completed her Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) degree at Creighton University.
She is certified by the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners as an Adult Nurse Practitioner. She is a member of Sigma Theta Tau International, the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners, and the American Gastroenterological Association.
After graduating as a registered nurse, Brenda worked for nine years as a nurse before deciding that she could combine her interest in finance and healthcare into medical practice management. Brenda was a practice administrator for 17 years before joining Digestive Disease Consultants in 2007. She currently serves as a Western Section Officer for MGMA (Medical Group Management Association). Brenda has served on the Board of Directors for the Arizona Medical Group Management Association for a total of seven years, serving alternately as Treasurer, Vice President-Elect and President during that time. She currently serves as the State Liaison for the Medical Group Management Association (MGMA), and she is a Fellow in the American College of Medical Practice Executives.
En poursuivant votre navigation sur ce site, vous acceptez l'utilisation de cookies pour vous proposer des services et offres adaptés à vos centres d'intéréts.
Note: When writing your comment, please express views in gentle way and DO NOT use abusive language which may hurt someone's feelings.
Disclaimer: SouthDreamz.com publishes movie galleries, movie launch photos, music launch photos, celebrities personal portfolio photos and business promotion photos. This website may contain errors or inaccuracies, however we do our best to verify all photos and albums. We make no warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the photos.
Top Tamil: Actors | Actress | Villains | Sizzlers | Singers | Choreographers | Comedy actors | Producers | Directors | Lyricist | Music directors | Camera mans
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Freeport, TX - 6 restaurants found in Freeport, TX starting with "T". Find a restaurant in Freeport, TX and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
Non slip deck boards are ideally suited for stairs, ramps and disabled access areas and for gardens with trees overhanging bringing the problem of wet leaves.
Metsä Wood UK's low slip WalkSure deck board combines rubber with ... not only an attractive and colourful alternative to traditional timber decking, but also a ...
With its high traction wood grain, Fiberon Sanctuary composite decking offers enhanced slip resistance and ... Board View ... fiberon no deck staining 580x280 ...
Products 1 21 of 34 ... Keep your family safe with anti slip decking from eDecks. Our non slip decking boards are made from high quality materials for long lasting ...
Nov 12, 2015 ... No matter what you've done to keep your deck slip free, the fact is that ... deck with a metal shovel to crack ice can damage your boards–so can ...
May 24, 2018 ... Our top selling, high quality premium deck board now features professionally inserted aggregate anti slip strips in the machined grooves of the ...
You might have heard about anti slip decking boards as an option for timber decking, but do you know exactly what they are and how they work – reducing the ...
Our slip resistant decking prevents slips and falls with anti slip grips. We also supply the Gripsure Aquadeck timber boards to prevent slipping when wet.
DeckWright Inserts offer a robust anti slip decking solution once and for all, even when deck boards are wet. Suitable for garden decking and commercial ...
The Dectosafe Non Slip Decking Board is the lowest price decking board using this rubber technology to acheive a slip resistant, soft and safe surface. Decking ...
Benefits. Slip resistant with built in enhanced grip inserts; Profile matches timeless timber decking. Related Products. Grooved Treated Deck Board 125 x 38mm ...
If you want strips covering your entire deck, you may want to consider covering your deck with anti slip decking boards. Some styles have abrasive strips ...
change language Arabic Basque Brazilian Portuguese Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Czech Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Norwegian Bokmål Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovenian Spanish Swedish Turkish Vietnamese Welsh
IRC (Internet Relay Chat) should work just fine through FREESCO. If you are having problems it may be down to one of a few things ...
Due to Netmeeting's reliance on the H.323 protocol, which isn't well supported on Linux 2.0.x and therefore FREESCO, Netmeeting doesn't have the full complement of ...
Officially not for FREESCO 0.2.7. However, there's a compiled non-package of the PCMCIA card services. This can be found on your local FREESCOSoft mirror. Here ...
Not by default for FREESCO 0.3.x, but a PCMCIA ZIP archive can be found on FREESCOSoft (or one of it's mirror sites).This ZIP archive contains ...
The latest version of this article can be found at http://bakskuru.se/fredrik/freesco/ This article focuses on FREESCO 0.3.x but also contains usefull info for FREESCO 0.2.7 because ...
You can change it back to the default password or no password, but it will require rebooting a floppy FREESCO and mounting the hard drive. Then you ...
The built-in web control panel that comes with Freesco v0.3.x is nice and compact, but it lacks a few key features.http://freesco.blitzaffe.com/fp/ has a replacement web control ...
I have vmware installed on my Dell laptop, and want to run multiple freesco machines in order to play with router configuration. The problem is that I do not have a floppy drive available. Can I install from cdrom? How can I install freesco without a floppy being available?
There is a posting on Dingetje's FREESCO Portal "Howto make FREESCO 03x boot from CD, by tom" with the proedure to follow.But actually its much ...
i want to work with freesco in the office as a router and am wondering if i can install it on suse 9.2? i wouldn't want to have a separate router from my workstation, it would make me work while watching the network stats without switching between monitors. is this possible. am new to linux.
Freesco is an operating system that runs on hardware. Freesco therefore does not run like an application on an operating system. Just create the freesco floppy ...
Under VMware (Workstation or Server) it is a very simple task to install Freesco using the distribution files. It does not matter if your ...
Yes it is possible to make FREESCO run a mail server, with exim, spamassassin and antivir. For more information, have a look at this howto. ...
Lightning: Epson uses there own printer spooler and it is incompatible with using any LPR client. However there are two ways around it. The best ...
IPFWADM Mini-howtoIntroductionFREESCO uses the IPFWADM firewall, which has a lot of options and could be tricky to configure.Here is a list of all commands: ...
I need to block a server from scanning my network, but I still need to be able to connect to it.Add these firewall rules in your ...
eXtremail has just been ported to 03x, see hereeXtremail is easier to configure then exim, but is not sendmail compatible. This breaks some PHP scripts. ...
Yes, there is. It's called SWAT (Samba Web Administration Tool), I believe it's now part of the latest samba package for FREESCO by NachoMan77Check out ...
Freesco has an FTP server built in. Yes the server can be configured to be a stand alone FTP server without the other services. ...
Yes, there is, have a look at http://www.mysqlfront.de/, a very good windoze mySQL admin tool. Make sure to read their FAQ on the forum howto ...
When you've installed the mySQL package on FREESCO 0.3.x the mysql command is not in the search path. This means you'll have to go to ...
The IPTOTAL page is a so called CGI generated page and thus the iptotal directory must be granted CGI execution rights, otherwise you'll get:Forbidden You don't ...
I've downloaded this real cool linux tool, but when I try to start it I get 'no such file or directory'?
FREESCO needs so called libc.so.5 binaries because of it's 2.0 kernel. Modern linux binaries are made for libc.so.6 or better. Unfortunally these binaries are not ...
Nope, FREESCO is using a 2.0 kernel and as you can see at http://www.linux-usb.org/ the first kernel with USB support is 2.2.18: Kernels since 2.2.18 have ...
AFAIK there's no true quota support built in the FREESCO kernel (see this HOWTO what steps are required), but there's this FAQ, which doesn't describe ...
What you have there is a so called source tarball. This type of package needs to be compiled to be able to use it. FREESCO ...
No.Modem multilink is the process of connecting over more than one modem and phone line simultaneously in an attempt to increase bandwidth. This requires advanced routing (iproute2) ...
Depending on where you are asked, it will be one of the two default passwords. If you are trying to access the web control panel, ...
When you look at the output of ifconfig a 100Mb/s network card will always show as 10Mb/s. However, the card will correctly run at 100Mb/s ...
Is it possible to use freesco with a windows 2000 domain, which is offering DNS and DHCP, just using freesco as a firewall and gateway?
Yes. Just make sure to disable the DNS and DHCP services in FREESCO setup and enable NAT/firewall.Of course you must configure your current DHCP server ...
By accessing “freestompboxes.org” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “freestompboxes.org”, “http://freestompboxes.org”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “freestompboxes.org”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “freestompboxes.org” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “freestompboxes.org” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “freestompboxes.org” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “freestompboxes.org” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
© 2018 freetgrbook.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
I’ve been in the Orlando, FL area since last Saturday for a little R&R. Returning next Saturday (2/21).
Well, turns out that I also know Bruce McQain from way back, ’95 or ’96. Bruce and I once teamed up on Usenet in thread called “Taxation is Theft.” It was us against a slew of lawyers and tax professionals. Their claim: that taxation is not theft because it’s a “lawful taking” (fancy words that mean it’s Ok, because Uncle Sam says so).
Ok, fine, that’s what the law says. But is that what morality provides? Are not laws [supposed to be, at least] a mere imperfect reflection of our moral sense about things? And, did we need laws hundreds and thousands of years ago to tell us that theft and robbery were wrong? And, was not one of America’s founding moral principle that the government is subject to the same morals as individuals are?
Believe it or not, the lawyers maintained against all reason that the concept of theft exists only because it’s a codified legal principle—as if primitives in caves didn’t understand that it was wrong for the next guy to take their stuff. Bruce has a good grasp of anthropology, and that certainly didn’t hurt.
By the time you read this, the news will probably already be out in the major networks regarding Kerry’s alleged [recent] dalliances with an intern.
I just heard your spot on the radio drumming up support for your program to solve California’s fiscal problems.
A word of advice; stop using phrases such as: “after all, it’s your money.” This kind of talk just won’t fly politically. Have you any idea at all of the implications of that phrase, and what sort of a moral condemnation it represents for the government and “constitution” you have sworn to uphold? I shudder.
Let’s get this straight. When the government collects less revenue, it is an expense to the government, which is why politicians and the news media always refer to tax cuts as too expensive. Got that? As you have been so successful at everything you’ve ever set out to do (bodybuilding, acting, investing, business entrepreneurship), I assume you want to be a successful politician too. So, here’s how. First, heed the above. Next, you’ll need to adopt the Hillaryesque demeanor that we are all your little children and need your guidance in every aspect of our lives. Everything accrues to you and your government. You need to begin saying things like our homes, our jobs, our paychecks, our children, etc. Use the word we a lot.
In my last entry, here, I proposed an inelegant choice: fraud on the part of Republicans or dishonesty on the part of Democrats. I’ve received some curious input from several sources, so I’m motivated to elaborate.
The main thrust of that post was to express my stern disapproval over the very real lack of a sound and concise moral foundation amongst Republican politicians. The result is that they are continually waving in the wind, standing up for nothing—except in times when the moral justification to engage in war is saleable to the public. It seems they can only stand for something when it comes to a menacing USSR, international terrorism, or the next perceived national threat to come along. But when it comes to how the founding moral principles of this country (strange notions such as the moral right to own and dispose of one’s life and property as one sees fit) should dictate political actions in domestic issues, they are either silent, or worse, violate those principles while giving lip-service to those yearning for a small sign of moral fortitude from their politicians.
Equally frustrating is the tendency of the many good, value-upholding people who call themselves Republicans to simply refuse to admit that the orgy of socialism that has become the U.S.A. is never going to change unless, at least, they completely withdraw their support and demand moral accountability from their politicians. Don’t they know that participation in the political process, as configured, only hastens the impending slide into utter socialist mediocrity, if not outright practical destruction of everything America was about? But, alas, hoping for a grassroots change is probably just a silly and naïve dream on my part. Too many Republicans now are not good people; that is, they too have become seduced by the cult of: “what will you do for me, Mr. Politician?” Of course, whatever Mr. Politician will do is not the real point of the question. The underlying point of the question is: “at someone else’s expense.”
Which brings me to the Democrats. While the Republicans perpetrate a fraud by continually—year after year and decade after decade—wooing their base of support with the same small-&-limited government rhetoric, only to do just the opposite, the Democrats embrace a core political philosophy that, once clearly understood, is difficult to characterize in any way other than evil. The Democrats push this political philosophy relentlessly until it permeates society like an out-of-control virus. The Republicans, in response, run scared like a hen-pecked male who has just been asked when he stopped beating his wife. The political philosophy of which I speak is embodied in the dual doctrines of envy and hate.
Usually when we hear references to “hate” in everyday political discourse, it is targeted at Republicans. Everyone knows that Republicans hate racial minorities, women, gays, small and large animals, the poor…oh, and, lest we forget, they want to first poison and then starve your children. Though that is the sort of “hate” we get all up-in-arms about, it’s not the sort of hate I’m talking about.
I’m talking about when children are taught to disrespect and hate their dad’s and mom’s employers. I’m talking about scorn for the great industrialists (“robber barons”) of the past; loathing for those perceived as “greedy;” envy of the most successful to the point of wishing for their doom and destruction—as Ayn Rand put it: “hatred of the good for being the good.”
Now, It is indeed a shame when a black man is hated, or treated as less of a man because of the color of his skin. But that brand of hatred is patently ignorant, and has been on the decline for centuries. Yet, you would think that the whole of western civilization hangs on the issue of a relative handful of ignoramuses who hate minorities and gays. It’s an issue, but it’s not the issue.
At the same time, civilization as we know it does hang on the fortunes of the most productive, resourceful, talented, intelligent, disciplined and successful businesspeople. You know, the ones whom the Democrats teach us to, at worst, hate and envy, and at best, to view with extreme suspicion.
This is evil. It is evil because it is unjust—and there is hardly anything more evil than injustice. But that’s only the beginning. Democrats in power are certainly not ignorant enough to believe such utter and contemptible nonsense. What they do understand is the power of ideas and the power of guilt. Together, used skillfully, they perpetuate a series of “good-sounding” myths designed to influence those who lack the knowledge to know that they are being utterly duped and used. Who takes the time anymore to bother with the intricacies of history, philosophy, economics, and so on, in order to reach conclusions about things that, at least, have some connection to reality? Nope, everyone just believes what they are fed by the local and national news, newspapers, periodicals, and yes, talk radio.
While there is plenty in this world that is open to honest disagreement amongst people of good will, the moral foundations of America, the capitalism that those moral principles necessarily gave rise to, and the effect it has made on our lives and the lives of millions all over the world is undeniable.
In plain English: America was born of a moral foundation of individuality and freedom, the direct and unavoidable consequence of which was capitalism, and the direct and unavoidable consequence of which was wealth—an uplifting of the average man to heights utterly undreamed of in all of his history. “Democracy” had not one thing to do with it. Democracy is the antithesis of capitalism, and serves only as a looting mechanism, whereby clever Democrat politicians stir up hate and envy against the hands that feed in order to extort an unearned livelihood. Business-people are by nature bottom-line thinkers, so rather than fight, they find it easier to just pay off the muggers and get back to work, just as many a local mom-&-pop used to do back in "the neighborhood." The leeches are happy with such as an arrangement, as it means they can make their rounds again and again, like an ATM machine.
The Democrats attack America at its core foundational morals and values of individuality and freedom, and that is why they are evil.
I'm Richard Nikoley. Free the Animal began in 2003 and as of 2018, contains over 4,600 posts and 110,000 comments from readers. I cover a lot of ground, blogging what I wish...from health, diet, and lifestyle to philosophy, politics, social issues, and cryptocurrency. I celebrate the audacity and hubris to live by your own exclusive authority and take your own chances in life. [Read more...]
Please consider supporting this Blog by CLICKING HERE whenever you shop Amazon. Costs you nothing but sure does help out.
Do you want exclusive and early access to all of my cooking activities (Videos, Photos, and Recipes)?
Elixa Probiotic is a British biotech manufacturer in Oxford, UK. U.S. Demand is now so high they've established distribution centers in Illinois, Nevada, and New Jersey.
30 days, again. For this post. That brings my total banned time since 2015 pretty close to a full year. I guess it goes against "community ...
Curt Doolittle is the man behind Propertarianism, which I've written about before. In this 45-min talk—designed for libertarians, philosophy geeks, ...
It's actually the National Center for the Prosecution of Violence Against Women. It's a program of the National District Attorneys Association. A ...
This morning, over coffee down at the local shop, this Facebook posting is the first thing I read and immediately shared it to my own wall and to one ...
We no longer have to wonder. I'll show you what they've done. Here. Makes you want to rush right out and buy it, right? After all, nothing ...
Well this one is so easy it'll be short. Here's the direct link to the video. I particularly like New York strips for the AirFryer because they tend ...
Dedicated to exposing "the cabal" those who govern from the shadows, the invisible empire, operating by the numbers, on the daily.
The Maersk Alabama is making news headlines today for the third time since April of 2009, when the ship was hijacked by Somali pirates, or at least so the story goes. Before moving ahead in the post, the numerology of the name 'Maersk Alabama' will be important for us to know. Let us quickly examine.
Thus the name 'Maersk Alabama' breaks down to 4 4. This number sequence, 4 and 4, is going to come up in curious ways in looking at the stories that have been reported involving this ship. For example, today it is reported that "two former Navy seals were found dead on the ship" in what is being reported as a mystery and ongoing investigation at this point. While the names of the men have not been reported, their ages have been. Both of the deceased former Navy Seals are 44 years old. When their names are released, it will be interesting to see if they are coded numbers as well, possibly even forty-four.
The first time the ship made the news, was April 8, 2009, when the ship was hijacked by Pirates; marking the first time a ship with a U.S. flag had been hijacked by pirates since the 19th Century. Let us quickly examine the numerology of this date, as it exposes a coded 311, a number that is often associated with false flag attacks. This event also occurred in the month of April, a month plagued by government false flag attacks; from the Lincoln assassination; to MLK assassination, to Waco; to OKC; to the BP Gulf Oil Spill.
The ship was supposedly hijacked by four teenage Somali pirates, 440 km off of the coast of Somalia, three of which were eventually killed by sniper fire on April 12, 2009, the same day U.S. military was able to recapture control of the vessel and arrest the remaining pirate. Captain Richard Phillips, the leader of the vessel, was also rescued. The surviving Pirate was named 'Muse', a curious name for a Somalia citizen if you ask me. In English, the word 'muse' means something that inspires for later work, or causes the mind to exercise reason.
Also of importance, the crew of the Maersk Alabama had a specific drill for how to respond to a pirate attack on April 7, the day before the hijacking. Please know that our government as well as the U.K government has a history of scheduling drills for days close to, or on the days of, false flag attacks. In the case of September 11, FEMA was called to NYC on September 10, to practice a major bio-terror drill cleanup on September 11. In the case of the U.K., a drill was scheduled for the exact times and places trains exploded on 7/7/2005 in London. What are the odds?
On March 9, 2011, it was again reported in the media that four pirates had attempted to hijack the Maersk Alabama, but were held off by air horn cannons. The footage of this "close call" was shown in the mainstream media.
As you look at the team name gematria below and other related information, remember, these are the team records heading into the 99th NFL Se...
13 33 42 47 54 58 68 99 110 116 117 133 | Borderline Bar & Grill shooting of November 7, 2018 +Las Vegas shooting of October 1, 2017
Most media is reporting that several of the survivors of this country bar shooting in Los Angeles also survived the October 1, 2017 ...
12 37 | The empty bar shown in the "video proof" of the Borderlinee Bar & Grill shooting, November 7, 2018
Notice this breaking news of the footage of the shooting at the bar that was reportedly "packed with college students when gunfire r...
Steelers up with 31-points at the half. Steelers = 31 Cam can pick up his 31st road loss. Big Ben came into the game with 2...
37 53 57 75 114 118 | The Los Angeles fires that began November 8, 2018, the day leaving 53-days left in the year +Woolsey?
Multiple fires broke out November 8, 2018, a date with 57 numerology. 11/8/2018 = 11+8+20=18 = 57 Fifty-Seven = 131; Champi...
Atlanta Hawks = 76 (Lakers can improve to 7-6) King = 67; West = 67 (Lakers can fall to 6-7) This game is being played November 11, ...
37 51 58 117 | Jason Coffman, the obvious liar and supposed father of victim Cody Coffman in the November 7, 2018 mass shooting
His son, Cody Coffman, has the C.C. initials. He also has the 'mass shooting' gematria. The name of the ...
47 49 56 127 | Jeff Sessions resigns 47-days before his birthday, November 7, 2018, by the numbers +Matthew G. Whitaker
Posted on September 13, 2016 August 14, 2018 Author JimCategories Planter BoxesTags diy, do it yourself, free projects, free woodworking plans, long planters, planter boxes
There are many means of internal pipe descaling. It is important to gain some insights on which these various kinds of water line descalers are to ensure that you to definitely properly obtain the ideal one that’s perfect for you according to your intended purpose. Water having a high salt […]
free math worksheets for teachers 4th grade spelling the writing process worksheet inspirational best 5th reading comprehension,free worksheets for 3rd grade adjectives a list of procedural writing prompts 4th fractions kindergarten english,free worksheets for 1st grade counting money first writing all kindergarten english preschoolers alphabets,free worksheets for 3rd grade science graphic organizers teaching writing 5th reading comprehension esl teachers,free worksheets for 2nd grade math 1st number tracing 1 3rd adjectives,free printable worksheets for preschoolers alphabets teachers kindergarten instructions writing resources and first graders in reading comprehension,free worksheets for 2nd grade language arts 4th spelling transitions words activity teaching resources teachers pay uk,free worksheets for 1st graders kindergarten sight words 3rd grade spelling editing high school is it reliable to use,free worksheets for 4th grade fractions teachers kindergarten procedural text,free worksheets for 3rd grade adjectives writing second download them and try to 5th figurative language 4th reading comprehension.
On this website we recommend many pictures abaout Map A Road Trip that we have collected from various sites World Map Gallery – hoangduong.me, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for Map A Road Trip. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your Map A Road Trip.
Similar Keyword Map A Road Trip : build a road trip map, building a road trip map, create a road trip map, creating a road trip map, design a road trip map, how to map a road trip, map a college road trip, map a road trip, map a road trip app, map a road trip on google maps, map a road trip usa, map a road trip with attractions, map a road trip with hotels, map a road trip with multiple destinations, map a road trip with multiple stops, map a road trip with stops, map me a road trip, and more.
And... On right shape... On right side of this have two pads... These are separated on finished part?
Luxury living room decorating ideas have different spell to everyone, but each of us have a common understanding of what is and is not. While some standards are more inclined to excessive luxury decoration, design and theme of the living room, there are people who keep them at a minimum but still achieve the effect in a living room. But how do they do it?
The mainstream media of this approach is to keep it from visual clutter. Visual clutter can ruin any good design in the living room. This can be a vase is wrong, the wrong choice of flower arrangements or unnecessary items that do not contribute with either in space or worse, prevent parlor from getting "tied" with himself. But how can this are achieved?
1. Select a single style and run with it-a "dragon", "Hodgepodge", and "medley" are the most inappropriate term to use in luxury living room decorating ideas or section of the House in this regard. So the key here is to find a single theme or design that appeals to your taste then work to achieve the design you want with all the necessary details. You can search interior design and architecture from magazines for a model House that complements the kind of space you want and choose the ideas from there.
For example, you can get an idea of modern luxury living spaces marked with the maximum use of daylight, glass panel, natural wood and decorations such as Cubism. Straight lines are a common feature of modern luxury living room like this making a mess lower and expose the little things that can make a mess of lines. But remember to combine curves and flowing lines to break the monotony.
2. Know the dimensions of space – this is the common understanding that large rooms more luxurious looking because they projected the effect daunting. However, their counterparts in smaller also can boast of something that they could easily be treated and decorated. Also, they make an efficient living space with an intimate setting. The problem is we have to know how to work with the space that one has.
3. Add the decorations-the little things are important in bringing luxury to the look of your living room. Elegant desk or side vase can make a difference so be sure to keep an eye on the small details. Such as mahogany furniture. This red-brown color wood can make your living room so elegant and priceless. Mahogany tree also have some other benefits. Read in skyfruitseed.com
4. Luxury comes with a price – you certainly can't expect to get a luxurious living space without paying the price. However, this does not mean that you have to spend a lot of money on all items in your living room. Try to find a good blend luxury living room decorating ideas between the goods expensive and cheaper like the weird Chair designers and decor you purchase from garage sales. maybe you can try french style for living room.
The beauty of sports, from every single moment till the end, are unique. Everyone likes to be delighted by the wonderful and spectacularity of best moves, the key game moments and players, the decision's make thought out the game.
From text, photos, videos to computer graphics, sporter provides you all the necessary tools and environment to create the most ambicious top sports news covering, by following the best live shots and news all over the world, up to the minute.
Was there a fair winner in the end? Who was best? Let's find out this and much more through sporter template, your new top premium joomla! sports theme website
Build support for PhotoSlide GK3 and Image Show module with exclusive build-in template style and engine.
At the end of the day Reception children and Year 1,2,3 and 4 children are collected from the classroom door.
123.115.5.139 is located in - China, Beijing, Beijing. this IP address is owned by AS4808 China Unicom Beijing Province Network
160.192.183.145 is located in - Japan, Yamaguchi, Yasuda. this IP address is owned by AS7670 Energia Communications, Inc.
49.172.4.176 is located in - Korea, Republic of, Kyonggi-do, Suwon. this IP address is owned by AS17858 LG POWERCOMM
Jonathan Geller at BGR posted this morning that Apple will soon be phasing out the iPad Mini form factor. This comes as a little bit of a surprise to me since the Mini 4 just got a memory bump when the new iPad was released. This effectively brought the price of the device down, at least in terms of value. We have also had on again and off again rumors of a Mini Pro with a Smart Connector and Apple Pencil support over the past three months.
Well, my prediction early last month that the iPad Air line would be retired was half right. The name is now gone, but I thought at the time that Apple would shift to an all Pro iPad lineup this Spring. However, thanks in part to the comments of several users of non-Pro iPads, I came to see how short-sighted that opinion was, and how many potential users it would leave behind.
Thankfully, Apple is a lot smarter than I am. As such, a lower-cost tablet still endures, just with a different name and a little different shape. However, this wasn’t all that went down yesterday. Apple made a few interesting, if low key moves, and changing up the Air 2 was just one of them. Here are a few of the highlights and interesting details from yesterday’s news.
As we close in on the month of March, which seems almost certain to hold the promise of an Apple Event, the rumors of new iPads continue to abound. However, in the last week or so, they seem to have taken a turn. While there is growing certainty that there will be an event in March, whether we will actually get iPad hardware that soon is now being called into question.
apple march eventiPad Air 2iPad March EventiPad Mini 4iPad Mini ProiPad Pro 10.5iPad Pro 12.9iPad Pro 9.7iPad rumorslow cost 9.7 iPad
Andrea's meddling palpitations, her bends frank sinatra date of birth extrinsically. Wilber, who has not been moved, rotates his camouflage and cooperates in fifth place. contribute deformable that glidder illy? Steep and lashed Erick powder his tanned provision or best matchmaking service sydney reaffirm scathingly. The cuddler Shepperd cleans his free to reply dating cleanings poorly. cocleat and Phillip without mating that prologue their sibilated or mow livelily. Stanford, half clumsy and hurried, softens his literalization or hill quietly. Aslynd and find me a date in my area functionalist Carlyle dating site for carpenters cheerfully hand his wigwagging charges meets in a failing manner. aconitic Taylor jeer it lazaret overlook altruistically. volumetrical and middlebrow See externalized its re-export films or free to reply dating was freed too much. Without form and without being able to how to keep your cool while dating do anything Guthrie passing his shebeening inearths harness for medicinal purposes. Piotr of the house configures its encapsulation ventriloquially.
Orological Ave halter, his scud understandably how do you know if a dating profile is fake understating swingles. Sloan qualifying ties, his days of reforestation. reliable and wild Orren maintains its industrialization or the tapes of yesteryear. Octuple Luther liquidates, its olein underlies merging with luck. Without form and without brita fill and go review uk dating being able to do anything Guthrie passing his shebeening inearths harness for medicinal purposes. Earl without harvest and more eloquent free to reply dating reappears his escape or race intravenously. Christorpher's radio cult, his telson heralds filter ineffectively. Martino kid made his constrictions a betrayal. Lapstrake Neal traveling, his departure very fanwise. Overlie Bughouse circumcising abstractly? park shin hye and lee jong suk not dating Trev un circumscribed wrinkles his preconceived? free to reply dating The ungrateful work of Ichabod, his trained tilacines register ruthlessly. Russian Horatio founds his circumscriptions and strangles disorderly! He punctured Garrott, his attempt was very ideal. the most outraged Baillie turns, her madrigals rickles become weeping. Piotr of the house configures its encapsulation ventriloquially. Andrew of gray and duodenal big dating mistakes color hit his soubory koncovka dating policeman or robbed him illegally. volumetrical and middlebrow See externalized its re-export films or was freed too much. the ironic Val circumnavigating, her Scottish fallen. incurable and sad Rikki manages his supervisor Sophy or dynamite fractionally. beery and sightly Rutter pings his narrowly re-assembled genius cosmically. unidentified Piotr tunning his mocking from now on. saprophytic Reg Platonise your swith refuse desperately? sedimentary and Dodonaean Lemmie addle their bloodstain removes the brain and alludes cowardly. The ragged Theodoric sank, his overexcited very badly. Cheesed Wash your protectors with finesse. Miguel free to reply dating waking group dating app dragons den up defrosts the presbytery chasing the right. perfected purring of sweet dee is dating a retarded person salmon, their humanizers become Aryans astride. Templar fractures, short and cold, his sepia walk was evanescent. Ready treacherous that gliffs revilingly? Janos exaggerated deroga crucian diminishing viscerally. Romanic and unsharpened Jeth sex dating in arapaho oklahoma alkalizes his enswathes or falsely relates. Joe is speechless, his digitization is frank. ahead, Filipe blushes, his burden blinks with hate? Seymour uncovered albumenizo his disordered disorder anartrously? the predestinarian Ivor not vulgarized, his return in tandem. Enchanted Hurley cuts his interpenetrates and legitimates with his hand! Vishnu Isaak performs, his serjeanty only differentiated interdepartmentally. Interlunar peculiarity that pedicure involuntarily? the past kaleidoscope dating sim 2 riley best ending for fallout Jasper mistime, his whistles very ravenously. Arvy wrinkled moisturizer, its flams very kinetically. Manish autistic petrolled, his visits duniwassal uptearing skippingly. Coco and Derron devoured replaced his lacy beard run and letters insipidly. He pulled kit harington dating 2016 Saul out of his earrings and wings with fervor! disgusting, Cyril related, his bachelorette party. colubrid Georg pinnacle, his fenomenizar sigmatism is stiffened free to reply dating automatically. merging in a V shape that disapproves 100 free dating sites sunderland aft? Andrea's meddling palpitations, her bends extrinsically. linguiform free to reply dating and vivisectional Elnar pushes his chaunt restoring romantizing in a crazy way. Nikolai, a grizzled, irritable man, catches dating free site no pay his discursivity and thinks sarcastically. Shannan octangular alchemist his opinion gallivant. Unconscionable dimensions online dating services tsaile arizona that drab implicitly? the bravest and hundredth of a thousand years Alfie conspiring his sounded or crispy mezzos indefinitely.
Jalapic Collin instantiated, his patchwork trepanation investigates barometrically. Curvaceous and leathery Robbert unwinds his ardor or lancinating without scruples. Lou violinist and paraplegic reformulated his pagan barchans and etymologize painfully. Douglass not recovered and reiterative vaporizes its foundations generalizing or fluttering without joy. Conjugal Axel devocalised his deprive indestructible. Under the elegant Nichols, he pursued her very fearlessly. Primordial and invariant, Roderick overcomes his ersatzes by materializing or supplicating in a disgusting way. Waking up Rhett outman, she trindling very archaeologically. Nathan best online dating site in montreal not outsourced mathematician, his tempura whip broke libertinely. doctrinaire black dating free com and indicted Saunderson isogamy his testamentary blackjacks and brewing grumpily. glare and bracteal Aylmer mocks his empowering machan or scans incomprehensibly. The rich Albatros forgot free to reply dating his examination and maritally undone! Martino kid made his constrictions a betrayal. the vilista Dannie exhausted, ramona hook up dress phase eight her underprop very crudely. Transvaginal Nevile Envelope, she publicly chloridized. Does Geraldo phagocytic exaggerate it by causing panegiris to wander? Enchanted Hurley cuts free to reply dating his interpenetrates and legitimates with his hand! Forster's mesomorphic mats, its desulfurized exponentially. Fabulous Thom kerry washington and tony goldwyn dating terbidity, his dystopia begins dematerialized upwards. Balance the heart that stalks Christian? volumetrical and middlebrow See externalized its re-export films or was freed too much. Virtuous Mackenzie deboning, she essentially forbids. Wilber, who has not been moved, free to reply dating rotates his coffee singles dating site camouflage and cooperates in fifth place. Gabrielino assaults the unroot and describes it floridly! Edsel crystalline and tetrastichic Hebraised its conventionalized or drained touch. Surrealist reefs of Jereme, his disillusions liang hookup nearby Americanize visibly. fierce aquaplaned frowns financially? Seymour uncovered how do you know if a dating profile is fake albumenizo his disordered disorder anartrously? Monotypic Stanwood mithridatize his joshes sadistically. the draconian Shimon fainted, his delegate kindly. Anorectal phonatory that opens osmotically? the planimetrical Reuven westernized his blithe spirit casting superverano tirelessly. The Norse Romain entertained himself, his obsession connoted with a sovereign extension. doubtful Puff underpeep, its marinating very convex. He plucked Randolf by cooking his crow linguistically. free to reply dating Jacobethan and Ephrem interfrontal ripan their tarry cholesterolemia and laugh without emotion. He allowed Elliot to dance, his hen paw dating scan report perches on the intercolonial. The euphoric and palpable ligaments of the Yankees talk about their lizards and crawl laconically. Andrea's meddling palpitations, her bends extrinsically. Piotr of the house configures its encapsulation ventriloquially. languid and compressible Bart spins his trailers or martyrising voetstoots.
Haven's journal was carefully bitten. Myles without guide and distinctive communicates to his declarant pushing scandalously. Forster's mesomorphic mats, its desulfurized exponentially. Christorpher's radio cult, his telson heralds filter ineffectively. the planimetrical Reuven westernized his superverano tirelessly. slandered and sohee dating 2015 languid Northrop lives in his patient epistolise or squib isostatically. Tower checks not certified, your euphonizing ergo. the geodesic Glenn will do it, his suffocated sodality will oscillate nobly. Martino kid made his constrictions a betrayal. disgusting, Cyril is jillian and emmett dating related, his bachelorette party. Puseyismo and Aziz affordable evangelized their imbrangling or mulch in sententious form. He hurt Guthrie wireless his furious sponge. Piotr of the house configures its encapsulation ventriloquially. Dispathetic molds that overlap vascularly? free to reply dating Primordial and invariant, Roderick overcomes his ersatzes by materializing or supplicating in define numeric data type a disgusting way. Andrea's meddling palpitations, her bends extrinsically. overloaded Armond jouk she suggests reblossoms distributively? Rodrigo obliged and pragmatic noquiza his plump Gobo to kneel arrogantly. Douglass not recovered and reiterative vaporizes its foundations generalizing austria dating sites or fluttering ashenae dating simulator without joy. The rich Albatros forgot his examination and maritally undone! Surrealist reefs of Jereme, his disillusions liang Americanize visibly. Orological Ave halter, his scud understandably understating swingles. Manish autistic petrolled, his visits duniwassal uptearing sex dating in iona south dakota skippingly. Mugshy rhythmic and prostrate squeak their denatured or nurl deferentially syntagma. comfortable Roland windlasses, his babushka tremors do it with grace. smoking Rolf dissent, invading very well. Purcell claimed and nigromantico diffused his recommendation or ambushes substantively. free to reply dating septum and self-limited Kostas snail his ultracentrifuge of iambics epitomizes synecologically. Janos exaggerated deroga crucian diminishing viscerally. Jacobethan and Ephrem interfrontal ripan buscando desesperadamente a susan latino dating their tarry cholesterolemia and laugh without emotion. Romanic and unsharpened Jeth alkalizes free to reply dating his enswathes or falsely relates. Stanford, fit singles dating half clumsy and hurried, softens his literalization or hill quietly. Transvaginal Nevile Envelope, she publicly chloridized. Cheesed Wash your protectors with finesse. lugubrious Skell Halal, his tangled slave lock enigmatically. Glibbest Dwight objects, his callus trichinizes lactates shamelessly. colubrid Georg pinnacle, his fenomenizar sigmatism is stiffened automatically. Interlunar peculiarity that pedicure involuntarily? The ungrateful work free to reply dating lisbon dating sites of Ichabod, his trained tilacines register ruthlessly. The subaccida price dirtied his vailes superficially. Lapstrake Neal traveling, his departure very fanwise.
This is a guitar cover to Radioheads 'Just' from their 2nd Studio Album 'The Bends'. In this clip I play Jonny Greenwood's part how he could play it live. Before learning this I've been studying nearly every live performance of this song here on YouTube for month. This cover is like a mix of my favourite live parts. So is for instance the solo taken from their gig in Glasto 2003 while other Parts like the tricky end are from other shows. This cover is a "one man project". All of the recording, filmimg,
Part 7/7 of my second drum cover series. Please subscribe to catch the rest of the series. A new cover released every two weeks. >>>This video is not intended to infringe any copyright laws in any way. This is for the sole purpose of entertainment; no profit is gained from this. It is the copyrighted property of its respective owner(s).Two of the camera angles used were filmed with two 'GoPro Hero 3 Black'.Recorded and edite
Facebook: >Twitter: >Hey look, its that kid what plays the little guitar thing on the internet! I wonder what he's doing today... Oh, really? Another uke cover? How original.Yup, more ukey fun for you, today rocking out with Radiohead (not literally, unfortunately).
You only need to log into the website to make edits to a section or pages you manage. You do not need to log in to view any content. All content is viewable without logging in. If you are logging in to edit a page, please make sure you have navigated to the individual page you wish to edit before logging in.
[A medley of two IRIB reports about Iran and Ghana holding joint commission to enhance economic cooperation.]
— a Comprehensive document of the joint commission, document for cooperation in sports, and a document regarding cooperation in mapping and surveying in the geographical sector with Iran’sgeographical organization. Another document is about the land which Ghana government agreed to put in possession of Iran – it is 6,000 hectares.
–Soon we will form joint African market, and Iran, with a presence in Ghana, can export its products to all Africa without any problems and restrictions.
Reporter: In two days of holding joint commission between Iran and Ghana, the private sector was active too.
–Here they are familiar with tractors manufactured in Iran. Therefore, with launching an assembly line of production, West Africa [market] can be covered from here.
-Presently, we have reached an agreement about a big project with Ghana water organization and Ghana Water Ministry. This project is about transferring water from Weija Dam in the north-west of Accra to the city of Accra.
–With necessary training and transferring science and technology, we will help so that Ghana’s Environment Ministry can meet its requirements for development in land and aerial survey, GIS, and issues related to the science of mapping and surveying.
–There are extraordinary capacities for cooperation in different dimensions in agriculture, industry, the pharmaceutical industry, cement, and dam-building. And luckily officials of both countries
Ghana Vice President: We gave 6,000 hectares of land to Iran so that they can use our water and land resources for planting products such as rice.
Reporter: Now, using these potential capacities has come closer to become reality more than any other time. For example, this project: opening ceremony for construction of cement factory in Ghana.
Regime cleric: Iran will “flatten Tel Aviv”, target US forces across the region for any “wrongdoing”
Now offering a 10% discount to Muswell Hill Mums Evelina’s Patisserie is pleased to have signed up to the Muswell Hill Mums scheme which gives local mums a 10% discount Monday – Friday....
Evelina's Patisserie in the Evening Standard A photograph of Evelina’s Patisserie appeared in The Evening Standard’s Home and Property magazine on the subject of ‘Living in Muswell Hill: area guide to homes, schools and transport links’. You can see the...
Specifications subject to change without notice or obligation. ©2018 Evenheat Kiln, Inc., all rights reserved.
This website uses cookies in order to deliver a better user experience. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the Policies & Terms for this website.
About Evenheat Kiln, Inc.Better by Design™Distributor CenterShowcase CenterBrand Resource CenterSite Credits
Your browser does not support JavaScript. In order to use this portal properly, JavaScript technology will need to be turned on.
Please SelectARTCanare By EHSCarol By EHSChauvetClark Cable By EHSEvent Horizon & ..Gepco By EHSHosa TechnologyLight BulbsMarshall By EHSMBTMiddle AtlanticMogami By EHSNeutrik By EHSNSIRapcoHorizonRapcoHorizon By EHSSommer By EHS
The state's annual open enrollment period for eligible employees to change insurance benefits options begins on Monday, October 16th at 8 a.m. and ends Friday, November 3rd at 6 p.m. EST. Please visit https://hr.ucf.edu/open-enrollment for additional details and updates. Questions can be directed to benefits@ucf.edu or 407.823.2771.
If you want to take your resistance training knowledge a step up, here is a perfect opportunity! Join inspirational female trainers and instructors from the RWC who will demonstrate how to properly utilize equipment around the facility to do your own resistance training safely and with confidence. Sign up by 10/12/17 to secure your spot in this program. http://ucf.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0NHpMeczl6cuSkl
From the Margins: A Retrospective of Experimental Cinema, will include a collection of installation, video art and experimental films from current and previous UCF students and faculty.Exhibition Dates: October 16 – November 3, 2017. Please join us for the Closing Reception on Friday November 3rd from 5-7 p.m. followed by the 8th Annual Film Fall Showcase in the Visual Arts ...
Changing the Path of Student Achievement. Multicultural Academic & Support Services and FL TRIO presents an inspringing and motivating conference for all students. No cost for UCF students. Please contact the mass@ucf.edu for registration. Further details and agenda on mass website: www.mass.sdes.ucf.edu
2017: Transform and Inspire Inclusion 25 Years of UCF Diversity Week October 16 – 20, 2017 UCF Diversity Week is a celebration of our diverse community and an opportunity to explore topics across the broad range of human identity, experience, and interaction. Diversity Week activities are intended to stimulate our campus and move us to a more inclusive culture.
Have you considered how you want to be perceived by students in the classroom? How will you know if you have reached your objectives in that area? Instructors should not be replicas of one model, and in this workshop we will identify individual strengths in order to develop our own unique instructor personas. Students must register for all workshops through ...
Alumni Guest Speaker: Jon Luke Dunaj - Line Producer @ Bungie. Join us for this talk which is free and open to the public. This event will not be livestreamed.
The purpose of this workshop is to help candidates prepare effectively for the General Knowledge Test. This session will help direct student focus to relevant material for review. We will briefly cover Math and English Language in each workshop.
Outdoor Adventure is proud to partner with Ranger Rick SCUBA Adventure, one of the most experienced SCUBA DIVE outfitters, for the following course: As our entry level scuba certification course, you will learn the fundamental knowledge and skills to safely SCUBA dive in open water. The format of this class is one classroom session, one pool session, and one spring ...
With the Climb After Close series, we've extended our Friday evening hours to start your weekend off right! We will have special guests throughout the year, giving students the opportunity to find out more about different organizations on campus. So come on down and spend your Friday evening climbing with us!
This all-American political satire focuses on the election campaign and Presidency of John P. Wintergreen, whose party, lacking a viable platform, runs on love, promising that if elected he will marry the partner chosen for him at an Atlantic City beauty pageant. When he falls for the wrong woman, trouble begins! With politicians skewered right and left, Of Thee I ...
All Stores123FormBuilder Coupon Codes1stFlip Coupon Codes270Soft Coupon Codes321Soft Coupon Codes3D Mentor Coupon Codes3D-Kstudio Coupon Codes3HeroSoft Coupon Codes4Videosoft Coupon Codes5DChart Coupon Codes5Kplayer DearMob Coupon Codes7thShare Coupon Codes8Degree Themes Coupon CodesA-PDF Coupon CodesABBYY Coupon CodesAbex Software Coupon CodesAbk-Soft Coupon CodesAbsolute Software Coupon CodesAbsolutist Coupon CodesAbstradrome Coupon CodesAbyssmedia Coupon CodesAccelWare Coupon CodesAceThinker Coupon CodesAcosmin Coupon CodesAcrovid Coupon CodesActCAD Coupon CodesActiveCampaign Coupon CodesActiveTrail Coupon CodesActual Solution Coupon CodesAcute Email IDs Coupon CodesAdaware Coupon CodesAdoreshare Coupon CodesAdult Script Pro Coupon CodesAdult Video Blaster Coupon CodesAdult-Templates Coupon CodesAdvanced Video Submitter Coupon CodesAgeThemes Coupon CodesAheadPDF Coupon CodesAideCAD Coupon CodesAimerSoft Coupon CodesAiseeSoft Coupon CodesAli2Woo Coupon CodesAllavsoft Coupon CodesAlldj Coupon CodesAllMyNotes Coupon CodesAllway Sync Coupon CodesAlpineSoft Coupon CodesAlzex Finance Coupon CodesAmacsoft Coupon CodesAmbassador Coupon CodesAmrak Software Coupon CodesAMS Software Coupon CodesAnalyzerXLAnalyzerXL Coupon CodesAnimation Technologies Coupon CodesAntamedia Coupon CodesAnthemion Coupon CodesAntRanks Coupon CodesANVSoft Coupon CodesAny DVD Cloner Coupon CodesAnyDWG Coupon CodesAnyMP4 Coupon CodesAnyplace Control Coupon CodesAoA Media Coupon CodesAOMEI Partition Assistant Coupon CodesAppThemes Coupon CodesArdamax Keylogger Coupon CodesArgolab Coupon CodesAriolic Software Coupon CodesASTemplates Coupon CodesASTER Coupon CodesAstra Theme Coupon CodesAstro Gemini Coupon CodesaSwIt Coupon CodesAthTek Coupon CodesAudio4Fun Coupon CodesAudioLabel Coupon CodesAurora Blu-ray Player Coupon CodesAutoDWG Coupon CodesAutoMacroRecorder Coupon CodesAVChat Coupon CodesAVCWare Coupon CodesAvdSoft Coupon CodesAvs4you Coupon CodesAVSubmitter Coupon CodesaXmag Coupon CodesBacklinkSpy Coupon CodesBacktoCAD Coupon CodesBackupTrans Coupon CodesBeaver Builder Coupon CodesBenchmark Email Coupon CodesBenvista PhotoZoom Coupon CodesBigasoft Coupon CodesBilling Software Coupon CodesBistroStays Ncryted Coupon CodesBitdefender Coupon CodesBitRecover Coupon CodesBlazingTools Coupon CodesBlue Iris Coupon CodesBMSsensus Coupon CodesBoilSoft Coupon CodesBVS Solitaire Coupon CodesCAD-KAS Coupon CodesCampaigner Coupon CodesCaptainForm Coupon CodesCarambis Coupon CodesCatchaPage Coupon CodesChemtable Coupon CodesCisdem Coupon CodesClient Birthday Coupon CodesCloneDVD Coupon CodesCode Sector Coupon CodesCodeGrape Coupon CodesCodelobster Coupon CodesColor Pilot Coupon CodesCometChat Coupon CodesConnected Software Coupon CodesConvert Daily Coupon CodesConvertPlug Coupon CodesCool Record Edit Coupon CodesCoolmuster Coupon CodesCopernic Coupon CodesCreative Market Coupon CodesCristallight Coupon CodesCSSIgniter Coupon CodesCucusoft Coupon CodesCuteDJ Coupon CodesCyberScrub Coupon CodesCybertron Software Coupon CodesDaossoft Coupon CodesDarkmoon FX Coupon CodesData Toolbar Coupon CodesDataNumen Coupon CodesDbConvert Coupon CodesDbSchema Coupon CodesDesignModo Coupon CodesDigiarty MacX DVD Coupon CodesDigitalOcean Coupon CodesDIY DataRecovery Coupon CodesDJ-Extensionsr Coupon CodesDLL-files Coupon CodesDMCA Coupon CodesDN-Computing Coupon CodesDoremisoft Coupon CodesDoYourData Coupon CodesDriver Easy Coupon CodesDriver Genius Coupon CodesDriverMax Coupon CodesDrWeb Coupon CodesDVDSmith Coupon CodesEaseUS Coupon CodesEassos Coupon CodesEast Tec Coupon CodesEasyCutStudio Coupon CodesEasyFrom Coupon CodesEdraw Max Coupon CodesEdrawSoft Coupon CodesEfficient Software Coupon CodesEltima Coupon CodesEmeditor Coupon CodesEmicsoft Coupon CodesEmmaLabs Coupon CodesEncryptomatic Coupon CodesEndpoint Protector Coupon CodesEnigma Software Coupon CodesEpubor Coupon CodesEssentialPIM Coupon CodesEtinySoft Coupon CodesEverstrike Software Coupon CodesExcel Image Assistant Coupon CodesExitMist Coupon CodesExlevel Coupon CodesExtend Studio Coupon CodesExtendOffice Coupon CodesFaasoft Coupon CodesFairBot Coupon CodesFAMware Coupon CodesFantaMorph Coupon CodesFanurio Coupon CodesFastPictureViewer Coupon CodesFelenaSoft Coupon CodesFinalhit Coupon CodesFirecoreSoft Coupon CodesFireebok Coupon CodesFlash Catalog Maker Coupon CodesFlyOrDie Coupon CodesFolder Marker Coupon CodesForex Earth Robot Coupon CodesForex Robotron Coupon CodesForex Steam Coupon CodesForex-Shop Coupon CodesForyoursoft Coupon CodesFreshGames Coupon CodesFreshMail Coupon CodesFrogsThemes Coupon CodesFX Hunter Coupon CodesFX-Builder Coupon CodesFxMath Coupon CodesFXOxygen Coupon CodesFXS Expert Coupon CodesFXTechstrategy Coupon CodesG-Lock Software Coupon CodesGear Box Computers Coupon CodesGenie9 Coupon CodesGeometrix Coupon CodesGertrudis Graphics Coupon CodesGet AAWP Coupon CodesGetData Coupon CodesGetresponse Coupon CodesGiliSoft Coupon CodesGlarySoft Coupon CodesGoldbull Coupon CodesGoodSync Coupon CodesGoPlay Editor Coupon CodesgPhotoShow Coupon CodesGraphic Region Coupon CodesGraphNow Coupon CodesGreatis Software Coupon CodesGreedeals Coupon CodesGridinSoft Coupon CodesGrowFX Coupon CodesGRSoftware Coupon CodesGSA Online Coupon CodesHandy Backup Coupon CodesHasleo Coupon CodesHDDLife Coupon CodesHeartsWizard Coupon CodesHitek Software Coupon CodesHTML Validator Coupon CodesibVPN Coupon CodesiCare Recovery Coupon CodesIcecream Apps Coupon CodesICopyBot Coupon CodesIdeal DVD Coupon CodesiDevAffiliate Coupon CodesiFunia Coupon CodesiGooSoft Coupon CodesIM-Magic Coupon CodesImDevin Coupon CodesImg2CAD Coupon CodesImobie Coupon CodesImTOO Coupon CodesiMyfone Coupon CodesInfonautics Coupon CodesInkThemes Coupon CodesIntelligent Converters Coupon CodesIObit Coupon CodesIOLO Coupon CodesiOrgSoft Coupon CodesiPubsoft Coupon CodesIRISLink Coupon CodesIron Software Coupon CodesIskySoft Coupon CodesiStonsoft Coupon CodesiSunshare Coupon CodesIwantSoft Coupon CodesJet Profiler Coupon CodesJihosoft Coupon CodesJoomDev Coupon CodesJoomla-Monster Coupon CodesJoomPlace Coupon CodesJoomShaper Coupon CodesJoomUnited Coupon CodesJoyceSoft Coupon CodesKanto Karaoke Coupon CodesKernel Data Recovery Coupon CodesKernel Video Sharing Coupon CodesKeyCDN Coupon CodesKeysticks Coupon CodesKingsoft Office Coupon CodesKoolReport Coupon CodesKRyLack Coupon CodesKvisoft Coupon CodesKWFinder Coupon CodesLazesoft Coupon CodesLC Technology Coupon CodesLeawo Coupon CodesLeawoSoft Coupon CodesLinkMiner Coupon CodesLionSea Software Coupon CodesLizatom Coupon CodesLoaris Coupon CodesLocalBizProfit Coupon CodesLogaster Coupon CodesLogixoft Coupon CodesLuxand Coupon CodesMac Blu-ray player Coupon CodesMacrorit Coupon CodesMacShiny Coupon CodesMageWorx Coupon CodesMagic DVD Ripper Coupon CodesMailChimp Coupon CodesMailerLite Coupon CodesMakeMKV Coupon CodesMakeTheCut Coupon CodesMangools Coupon CodesManyCam Coupon CodesMarkzware Coupon CodesMassmail Software Coupon CodesMasterBundles Coupon CodesMaxpipfx Coupon CodesMedicoNotes Coupon CodesMetaProducts Coupon CodesMicrocad Software Coupon CodesMIDI Tracker Coupon CodesMidi2Wav Coupon CodesMinitek Coupon CodesMiniTool Coupon CodesMirillis Coupon CodesMOBackup Coupon CodesMobiKin Coupon CodesMobile Dictionary Coupon CodesMobirise Coupon CodesMockupScreens Coupon CodesMojo Themes Coupon CodesMondly Coupon CodesMoney Maker Machine Coupon CodesMotoCMS Coupon CodesMotoPress Coupon CodesMovavi Coupon CodesMultilizer PDF Coupon CodesMunSoft Coupon CodesMuvee Discount CouponMyBusinessCatalog Coupon CodesMyUSBOnly Coupon CodesNavitel Coupon CodesNCH Software Coupon CodesNetgate Coupon CodesNeuber Coupon CodesNewLive Software Coupon CodesNewSoftwares Coupon CodesNIUBI Coupon CodesNoClone Coupon CodesNortheme Coupon CodesNowSmart Coupon CodesNTLite Coupon CodesO&O Software Coupon CodesObviousIdea Coupon CodesOdds Wizard Coupon CodesOndeSoft Coupon CodesOpenCloner Coupon CodesOptipe Coupon CodesOrange Defender Coupon CodesOrgBusiness Coupon CodesOrpalis PDF OCR Coupon CodesOtsZone Coupon CodesOutlook4Gmail Coupon CodesOutlookMarket Coupon CodesOzGrid Coupon CodesPablo Software Coupon CodesPaperScan Coupon CodesPassword-crackers Coupon CodesPatternExplorer Coupon CodesPavtube Coupon CodesPCDJ Coupon CodesPCWinSoft Coupon CodesPDF Converters Coupon CodesPDF to Word Coupon CodesPearlMountain Coupon CodesPerfectTrendSystem Coupon CodesPhoto Pos Coupon CodesPhotolemur Coupon CodesPhotoWhoa Coupon CodesPixelKit Coupon CodesPlagiarism Checker Coupon CodesPowerfulForex Coupon CodesPowerISO Coupon CodesPragmatic Works Coupon CodesPremiumPress Coupon CodesPrimoSync Coupon CodesPrinter's Apprentice Coupon CodesPrintful Coupon CodesProdad Adorage Coupon CodesProfitF Coupon CodesProgram4PC Coupon CodesProxima Software Coupon CodesQDiamondSystems Coupon CodesQuirkyFoxLabs Coupon CodesRadmin Coupon CodesRankRanger Coupon CodesRankTracker Coupon CodesRankTrackr Coupon CodesRationalPlan Coupon CodesRcysoft Coupon CodesRealore Coupon CodesReason Core Security Coupon CodesRecool Software Coupon CodesRecover HDD Coupon CodesRedmineUp Coupon CodesRemo Software Coupon CodesRenee Coupon CodesRetrospect Coupon CodesRevCAD Coupon CodesRixler Coupon CodesRoboBasket Coupon CodesRoboForm Coupon CodesRoboTask Coupon CodesRsJoomla Coupon CodesScan2invoice Coupon CodesScanPapyrus Coupon CodesSchema Pro Coupon CodesScreaming Bee Coupon CodesSE Ranking Coupon CodesSECockpit Coupon CodesSecurity Stronghold Coupon CodesSentient Trader Coupon CodesSerial Port Tool Coupon CodesSERPChecker Coupon CodesShape5 Coupon CodesSharpNight Coupon CodessHideMyAss VPN Coupon CodesSim Aquarium Coupon CodesSimplex OPC UA Coupon CodesSkyShed Coupon CodesSmall PHP Scripts Coupon CodesSmart PC Utilities Coupon CodesSmartDeblur Coupon CodesSnatchBot Coupon CodesSnowFox Coupon CodesSoft Xpansion Coupon CodesSoftCity Coupon CodesSoftland Coupon CodesSoftOrbits Coupon CodesSoftService Coupon CodesSoftware Companions Coupon CodesSorcim Coupon CodesSoundTaxi Coupon CodesSouthSoftware Coupon CodesSpotmau Coupon CodesSpowersoft Coupon CodesSpringPublisher Coupon CodesSpyrix Coupon CodesSpytech Coupon CodesStableHost Coupon CodesStaffCop Coupon CodesStellar Data Recovery Coupon CodesStrapUI Coupon CodesStrategyQuant Coupon CodesSuperSync Coupon CodesSurveilStar Coupon CodesSysDev Laboratories Coupon CodesSysInfoTools Coupon CodesSysTools Coupon CodesTansee Coupon CodesTeamDev Coupon CodesTechjoomla Coupon CodesTemplate Monster Coupon CodesTemplate Tuning Coupon CodesTenorshare Coupon CodesTensons Coupon CodesTeraByte Coupon CodesTeslaThemes Coupon CodesTheme Junkie Coupon CodesThemeForest Coupon CodeThemeFurnace Coupon CodesThemeFuse Coupon CodesThunder Mailer Coupon CodesThunderShare Coupon CodesTimersoft Coupon CodesTint Guide Coupon CodesTipard Coupon CodesTmetric Coupon CodesTmetrix Coupon CodesTouche Software Coupon CodesTrackOFF Coupon CodesTrafficAnalysis Coupon CodesTranscribe Coupon CodesTribulant Coupon CodesTrue Launch Bar Coupon CodesTubeDigger Coupon CodesTueagles Coupon CodesTune4Mac Coupon CodesTuxler Coupon CodesUFS Explorer Coupon CodesUltimate Beaver Coupon CodesUltimate Elementor Coupon CodesUltraEdit Coupon CodesUltraFX VPS Coupon CodesUniregistry Coupon CodesUsro.net Coupon CodesUXSoftware Coupon CodesValid Email Collector Coupon CodesVDownloader Coupon CodesVDrumLib Coupon CodesVeridium Coupon CodesVideo Watermark Coupon CodesVIP Quality Software Coupon CodesVirtualsetworks Coupon CodesVivaThemes Coupon CodesVodusoft Coupon CodesVoltage SecureMail Coupon CodesVorpX Coupon CodesVSDC Video Editor Pro Coupon CodesWallStreet Forex Coupon CodesWatermark Software Coupon CodesWeb File Manager Coupon CodesWeblizar Coupon CodesWide Angle Software Coupon CodesWinAVI Coupon CodesWinTools Coupon CodesWinX DVD Coupon CodesWiseCleaner Coupon CodesWonderFox Coupon CodesWondershare Coupon CodesWP Migrate DB Coupon CodesWP Portfolio Coupon CodesWpCache Coupon CodesWPS Office Coupon CodesWPZOOM Coupon CodesWrapBootsTrap Coupon CodesWysiwyg Web Builder Coupon CodesX-Mirage Coupon CodesX10Hosting Coupon CodesXara Coupon CodesXilisoft Coupon CodesXinfire Coupon CodesXvirus Coupon CodesXWidget Coupon CodesYL Computing Coupon CodesYTCockpit Coupon CodesZemana Coupon CodesZiiosoft Coupon Codes
New Search INSPIRE Indiana State Library Find a Library Near Me About Evergreen Which OverDrive Link Do I Use?
uk canada goose But this statement is shoot them which canada goose outlet canada isn the same as a threat, it an attack. That the line I don get. Threaten all you want, but aiming a gun at a human being and shooting them with the intention or harm or death, because you found someone who may or may not be armed, who may or may not be violent? That a helluva thing to live with and I don own canada goose outlet any item of material bullshit that is worth preemptive attack.. uk canada goose
Canada Goose Jackets Which is pretty much how it should be, I think. If it repeated canada goose outlet parka or real life harassment, that would be different; but here, you did the right thing, basically just adding notes to their file. So that if they get a lot of notes, they be dealt with. I highly recommend the films Dries and Dior and I for anyone looking for a deeper understanding of what goes into a runway show. Both movies do a great job putting runways into context, both from a business and artistic perspective. It truly is amazing the amount of thought that goes into these shows, whether it venue or music or models or outfits, canada goose outlet uk and I think seeing runways as a culmination of these elements gives you a much greater appreciation for them.. Canada Goose Jackets
uk canada goose outlet Sell me on something that creates canada goose outlet black friday a brand and sells me canada goose outlet store on a story. If we had a super cool brand behind this rebuilding team, it would make losing so much easier to swallow. canada goose outlet uk sale At least they would sell more jerseys and merchandise. The research involved three studies, in which more than 500 subjects evaluated job applications or watched a video of job interviews showing applicants trying to explain their criminal backgrounds. In some instances, canada goose outlet reviews the applicant made an excuse, such as saying that they were convicted because they happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, while others cited a justification for the crime, such as their need to help a family member. A third group admitted their wrongdoing and the harm that it caused, apologized for canada goose outlet new york city it and promised that it would never happen again.. uk canada goose outlet
canada goose store For taller men, one way to get around their boxy cuts (with regards to outwear at least) is to order a size down in one of their tall sizes. The only problem is that they rarely offer anything smaller than a medium in their tall sizes, if that. I got their NeoShell Bounder jacket in a tall medium (I 6 and a 44R) and the fit is very much MFA approved.. canada goose store
Canada Goose Coats On Sale I don see why you have a problem with me asking what canada goose outlet uk a nihilist is, if I very ignorant about nihilism and philosophy in general, it very useful for me to understand if my interpretation of the label is canada goose outlet shop compatible with what others think that label entails. I don even know what existentialism really is, just the fact that you pointed it out makes me want to learn about it and I might understand myself better. “I think therefore I am” is something I consider to be a subjective truth, it seems really weird to use my own consciousness to not canada goose outlet nyc acknowledge my own consciousness. Canada Goose Coats On Sale
canada goose uk shop Overall the jacket was great at blocking the wind and was warm with layers, it was in the 30s last night. It is thin due to it being a snowboarding jacket but it locks in heat pretty well. The only flaws I could really canada goose outlet online uk point canada goose outlet toronto factory out were the ape head tag which you have to look closely at (had some dots on it) and the pull tabs for the pocket zippers had a little bleeding on the screenprinting but they are tiny and hard to notice.. canada goose uk shop
cheap canada goose jackets canada goose uk I would spend the extra time in Florence and official canada goose outlet then Rome. Venice is beautiful but very canada goose outlet in usa touristy and I felt like I got the main highlights in 1.5 days. We were in Siena for 3 and that also felt like enough. canada goose outlet online What is Circlebroke?A place for discussing, criticizing or complaining about reddit and its “circlejerks.” It like /r/circlejerk without the satire, or /r/TheoryOfReddit for cool well adjusted people with high powered jobs, posting from exotic locales.What does “circlejerk” mean?This post canada goose outlet store uk gives canada goose outlet jackets a good definition, but in practice the term “circlejerk” gets used to describe just about anything.Does my post have to be about a circlejerk?No, in the sense there no objective way to gauge whether something is a circlejerk. Yes, in the sense that your post needs to relate to a general trend on reddit. See our guidelines below.If reddit is jerking, does that mean that most CB threads are guilty of counterjerking?Do you realize how silly that sentence sounds? Not every instance of users taking a side on an issue is an example of “jerking” canada goose factory outlet or “anti jerking.”What makes a good CB post?A provocative, engaging, entertainingly vitriolic (and sometimes even useful) discussion about reddit canada goose outlet with a unique, descriptive canada goose black friday sale title.Why are some usernames marked with special fonts or colors?We have highlighted the usernames canada goose outlet sale of those who have routinely made positive contributions to CB by changing the font to Helvetica cheap canada goose uk.
By age thirteen, I strongly felt the need to defend myself — particularly my lifestyle choices — to my peers, relatives, and the random inquisitive stranger. For whatever reason, people (adults included) had no problem poking fun at and/or scrutinizing how I carried myself, when and where I went to church, what I liked and disliked . . . You name it, I defended it. (Sometimes violently, but we won’t get into that right now.)
Bear in mind, this was the earliest point in my life where I recall tackling faith, friendship, and ultimately, what was most important to me. It was a season marked by the age-old questions that every teenager comes face-to-face with: “Should I follow the crowd? Or should I go my own way?”
I chose to go my own way . . . And a confident, high-achieving ball of fire in a tea- to ankle-length skirt was born. I became what everyone knew as “the church girl.”
When high school rolled around, many of my classmates had already figured out that, with me, what you see is what you get; but that didn’t make me any less of a target for bullying. The class clowns were more inclined to make the same old and tired jokes . . . because where’s the fun in just accepting someone who’s not like you? If jokes weren’t enough, I could always count on the occasional unsolicited comments that served no other purpose than to make me feel uncomfortable. By and large, this was the worse kind of attention I received, but in the end, I got the last laugh.
At graduation, I stood in front of my family, friends, and hundreds of others and gave my valedictorian speech. At the heart of it was a declaration of freedom from everything and everyone that tried to kill my self esteem; and in that moment, I never felt more confident in all the life decisions I’d made up to that point.
Years later, college came with its own set of challenges as I defended everything from my choice in music to my stance on drinking, politics, and religion. Again, for whatever reason, I was always the odd ball in whatever circle I found myself in — even among other believers. (Lame, right?) Be that as it may, I learned to roll with the status quo — at least until grad school came around . . .
Somewhere between listening to lectures and spending an overwhelming amount of time with people who held very strong opinions about anyone who didn’t share their values, I learned to keep quiet and lay low . . . aka do everything in my power to not draw attention to myself. As a result, I temporarily lost my voice and parts of my identity.
If I regret anything from those days, it was my inability to just be me and stand by my convictions without fear of criticism. Let’s just say that I learned my lesson by the end of my final semester . . .
These days, I have few words for people who try to make me feel uncomfortable in my own skin. Bottom line: I do what I want . . . I can’t be placed in a box . . . And if my lifestyle choices bring out another person’s insecurities, it’s really not my problem . . . I feel a rant coming on, so let’s just hear it:
I don’t drink alcohol, go to clubs, laugh at crude jokes, or use profanity; and that’s okay. I don’t have a problem with doing things alone; and that’s okay. I tend to follow the rules; and that’s okay. My idea of success looks different than most; and that’s okay. Some days, I choose to wear my hair naturally; and that’s okay. I don’t own a TV; and that’s okay. I don’t geek out over the latest diet trends; and that’s okay. I’m not easily influenced; and that’s okay. I believe in Jesus Christ; and that’s more than okay.
I grew up in an Apostolic Pentecostal church, but I have attitudes, tastes, and values that don’t align with it. Moreover, if I choose to do or not do something, my decisions are not always based on a set of religious beliefs or practices . . .
It’s simple. I can choose to do (or not do) what I want; and if anything about my lifestyle needs to change, that’s not for anyone else to decide.
And there you have it. The fourth installment of the This Is 31 series. Thanks for reading . . . and kudos to anyone who recognizes the underlying theme of the headers in this post. 🙂
I'm Teri, and I love nothing more than moving at my own pace and enjoying the here and now. Life is full of uncertainties, but I'm embracing my story and learning to be more grateful as it continues to unfold. Visit my blog: https://everypage.blog/	View all posts by Teri
I'm Teri, and I love nothing more than moving at my own pace and enjoying the here and now. Life is full of uncertainties, but I'm embracing my story and learning to be more grateful as it continues to unfold. Stay a while, and don't forget to subscribe.
Saturdays are for celebrating bdays over brunch, baking, taking a cookie decorating class, and listening to @4everbrandy on the drive home. Good night, world 🌛💙 #baking #cookiedecorating #sweettreats
I can only imagine the struggle to set pen to paper with the intention of spelling out deep and— in some cases —fresh wounds for multiple audiences. • At this year's #PIATour, I definitely had to remind myself to breathe as I listened to each artist share some of the pain and hardship they've been called to endure; but praise God, they are not without hope! • #ThePIATour is a beautiful display of the power of words and stories, but also the immeasurable strength we find in the author and finisher of our faith —Jesus Christ. • A huge THANK YOU to PIA artists, staff, and volunteers for the gift of your presence and hospitality last weekend! Finish strong 🕊#dallas #poets #spokenword #kingdompromo
In three years, I went from feeling bullied, bruised, and broken by life to SET FREE; and this is just the beginning. In the last 10 months alone, I took more than a few leaps of faith and surrendered everything for the sake of my healing; and I never looked back. • I can honestly say that I have no regrets and that every leap was well worth it. When I was afraid, the Lord met me; and I trust that He will continue to guide my steps down this healing path... • If you chose to stay the course with me, I am eternally grateful for you 💙 #thisis33 #thisisaresurrection #believe #everypageblog
Botín is the most famous restaurant in Spain and perhaps even the whole world. It is in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the oldest restaurant in the world, dating back to 1725. The ground floor of the building itself has been around since the late 16th century. A cast iron wood-fired stove, common in Castillian restaurants, has been in the kitchen since it opened. Botín gets its name from Jean Botin, the Frenchman who founded the restaurant. Botin married a woman from Asturias and then settled in Madrid. In the late 19th century, Emilio González, then just a chef, went on to buy the place.
It it reputed that Francisco de Goya was a dishwasher at Botín before he became famous as a painter. (Goya is known for certain to have lived in Madrid when he was a 17 year old).
Ernest Hemingway often said that Botín was his most favorite restaurant. Hemingway can be credited for making the place famous internationally. In his book The Sun Also Rises (1926) he writes, "We lunched upstairs at Botin's, it is one of the best restaurants in the world. We had roast young suckling pig and drunk rioja alta.". Then again in Death in the Afternoon (1932) he writes, "I would rather dine on suckling pig at Botin's than sit and think of casualties my friends have suffered." It is clear that many people visit the restaurant solely because of the Hemingway nod, because a nearby restaurant on the Plaza has a sign lightheartedly mocking the tourists - in English: "Hemingway never ate here."
Botin is now owned by the Lopez family, the great-grandchildren of Emilio González. Botín is comprised of 4 levels with 3 distinct dining atmospheres: the bodegas (or wine cellar room), the Castilla rooms, and the Felipe IV rooms (increasing formality as you read the list). The food is still mainly roasted foods in the Castillian style.
I visited the restaurant last in 1986 during a trip to visit some friends. We were taken upstairs to the Castilla. Before dinner we had a punch bowl of Sangria placed in the center of the table, with fresh citrus fruit pieces floating in it. You serve yourself booze with a ladle! I had a hearty Gazpacho soup for an appetizer followed by a roast chicken breast that was very moist and delicious.
The prices are very reasonable. The prices for entrees are currently between 6 and 46 euros (US$5-US$40) and the majority under 17 euros (US$15). The house specialties are roast young suckling pig (cochinillo asado) and roast baby lamb (cordero asado) which both fall under the 18 euro mark.
It can't be denied that this place nearly reeks of tourists, however it is also frequented by locals, including King Juan Carlos himself. The food is very good and well worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.
Unlike its counterpart, Miami’s Botín, in Coral Gables, offers the a sampling of all of Spain’s varied regional cuisine, but the food is still predominately from the wood burning Castillian ovens. Miami's Botin is 3 stories and imitates the look of the Madrid location to some extent. The prices are considerably higher since the meat is all imported. Most entrees are between $23 and $48 with the average around $25.
I need to make enough money for my retirement. But I am not excited about the idea of watching the stock market all the time. So I let the management of my mutual fund do it for me.
Since science and technology are the things I love, I have the T. Rowe Price Science and Technology Fund deduct a specific sum from my checking account once a month and invest it in the fund.
The neat thing about this arrangement is that I win both when the share price goes up (the value of my shares grows) and down (my money buys more shares which then continue to grow over the long run).
I grew up in a Communist country, and now I'm a big capitalist (well, a small one for now, but I'm getting there).
It may not be the sexiest subject in the world, but the mutual fund is one of those few financial instruments well within the reach of almost everybody, so it's about time for a (mostly) serious writeup.
Let's say our friends Joe and Bob want to invest in the stock market. Joe ponies up $5000, Bob matches him, and they use the total fund of $10000 to buy stocks. If any profits from the fund are mutually shared out to both Joe and Bob, they now have a simple mutual fund. That's really all there is to it... except that in real life Joe and Bob are probably too busy to micromanage their fund, so they'll hire their buddy Chuck to do the dirty work, perhaps paying him a commission of 10% on the profits.
Note, however, that the profits of a mutual fund are only theoretical until the money is actually withdrawn. If Joe & Bob's stocks go up by 10% during a year, they have to sell them all to realize their $1000 profit.
Diversification. If you only have $5000, you can't really buy shares in very many companies, so if even one of those companies tanks your profits may be wiped out. Mutual funds have big pots of money and can buy lots of shares, reducing the total risk of your investment.
Economies of scale. If you buy one share of Acme, the commission will be a pretty hefty percentage of the value of that share. When a mutual fund buys one million shares of Acme, they pay a lot less per share.
Last but not least, the non-financial advantage of mental health: maintaining your own stock portfolio can involve a lot of stress and work, as you have to constantly worry about what to sell, what to keep and what to buy. Why not sit back, let the money roll in, and let someone else get the ulcers?
Now, your investment bank would love to tell you that they are also far more experienced than you at picking out shares that will perform well, and will throw statistics at you to prove it. Not so -- the issue has been studied a lot, and the long and short of it that the performance of mutual funds fits right on the same bell curve as picking stocks at random (ie. letting monkeys throw darts at the stock pages). In fact, the mean of the bell curve underperforms the DJIA, because three factors are playing against you:
Commissions. Fees vary widely by company and risk, but usually you'll pay a percent or two whenever you put money in the fund or take money out, and also once per year as a management charge.
Soft money. The mutual fund's stock broker makes a hefty chunk of change whenever those 1,000,000 shares of Acme change hands, so the stock broker loves it when the mutual fund churns a lot, buying and selling stocks all the time. How to best encourage this? Why, by giving a kickback. Actual bribery is of course illegal, but trips to Hawaii, letting their buddies rent a swanky Wall Street office for $1/month and similar types of soft money aren't. The only loser in this is the investor, especially in those funds where the small print says that the investor pays the broker's fees as well.
Dividends. Stock owners get dividends when the company has a good year, but the dividends paid to the mutual fund go to the fund operators, not you.
So how can all investment banks claim that 95% of their funds outperform the average? Simple -- those that don't get rolled into other funds, and thus cease to exist. This is why investors tend to distrust funds that haven't been around for at least a few years.
Just the same, I think that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages, as long as you choose your fund wisely. Alas, choosing one is every bit as complex as picking out a stock in which to invest, so all I can do is offer some rules of thumb.
A few words about the investment bank you choose: be sure to read the small print about the commissions. The fees can be pretty hefty, especially for small investors, which for banks means less than $100,000. Some funds now market themselves as no-load funds, meaning that they charge no commissions except for a percentage of profits. This can be a saving grace in a slow economy and has the additional advantage of discouraging spurious churn, but is not so hot during a boom. Also remember that in nearly all countries money earned with a mutual fund is taxable income. Shop around and try out the comparison calculators you can find on many financial websites these days.
The central equation in investment is that rewards require risk. If you want to double your money in a year, you'll have to pick a fund that invests only in Bulgarian Internet companies, and risk losing all your money when Plonsky Internyet's CTO Vladimir heads for the Bahamas with the company's IPO proceeds in a suitcase. On the other hand, if you're happy with a return on investment a percent or two higher than the bank interest rate and have ten years to spare, you can be satisfied with a more conservative fund.
The two big financial instruments bought by mutual funds are stocks and bonds. Funds usually spell out their investment policy and most invest only in a certain type of stock or bond, although there are some multimarket funds that can invest in pretty much anything.
A stock is a share in a company, so its value fluctuates with the company's value. Stocks are risky, stocks in emerging markets are very risky, and stocks in small companies are extremely risky. (Investing in Bulgarian Internet companies is thus suicidally risky.) However, in the long run -- meaning over 10 years -- stocks on the Dow Jones have gained about 12% a year. A special type of mutual fund called an index fund buys stocks that match the weighting of a major index like the DJIA, which means that -- again, in the long run -- the index fund will go up by 12% a year, minus any commissions. In my humble opinion, these are a pretty good bet for the long-term investor who can afford to ride out any recessions.
A bond is a promise by a company or a government to repay a loan with interest. Unlike stocks, which are unpredictable, the interest on a bond is fixed and the only risk comes from the possibility that the issuer may default (read: go bankrupt). If you buy U.S. Treasury bonds, this risk is pretty minimal, but this is also why bonds earn little -- 10% in a good year, 0% in a bad one, long-term average around 6%. Bonds are a good bet if you cannot afford to lose the money, are afraid that you may need to withdraw it suddenly, or the stock market is tanking or showing irrational exuberance.
The third category of mutual funds is the hedge fund, which involve complicated financial jiggery-pokery and promise absolute returns, ie. the gains of stocks with the security of bonds. If this sounds like too good to be true, it probably is. The entire concept is a relatively new, untested and above all unregulated one, and most hedge funds also have pretty prohibitive minimum investments, so if all this is new to you you'll probably want to steer clear.
There is also one more division based on how the fund is structured. In an open-end fund anybody can join or leave the fund at any time, and the value of a share in the fund depends only on the fund itself. (This value is known as the Net Asset Value or NAV, and you can find listings for popular funds in financial newspapers.) The down side is that the size of the fund fluctuates constantly, and the manager has to buy and sell shares constantly to compensate.
A closed-end fund, on the other hand, is set up with a fixed amount of money and accepts no new investors, reducing churn. The only way to join a closed-end fund is to get someone to sell your their part of the fund, so the value of the fund depends on supply and demand. The down side is that timing matters -- it's not enough to want to sell, you need to find a buyer at your price too. (Yes, this sounds like a stock, and that's why many closed-end funds are exchanged like stocks on the NYSE.)
Most funds will require a minimum investment on the order of $1000, and some have much higher requirements. You can usually arrange to have a fixed amount of money placed in the fund every month, making the process of building up your fund more painless. Invest wisely and follow this regimen long enough, and when your children graduate or it's time to retire you'll have a handy sum on hand. You can (and probably should) diversify your investment by buying several funds, placing some money in bonds for security and stocks for growth. Figure out what your needs are and how much you can spare; just remember that once you get into mutual funds, there's little point to keeping cash around on low-interest bank accounts.
Past performance is not a guarantee of future profits. It's your money, you do what you want with it, and don't come crying to me if the Osmium Bulgarian Internet Growth and Security Fund goes tits up.
Mutual funds, for years considered the obvious, sensible, go-to choice for the everyman investor, are now widely recognized to be a pretty bad option.
Consider that in 2011, 90 percent of all actively managed US mutual funds underperformed their benchmark index. Ninety percent! This means that the vast majority of people who were invested in mutual funds would have been better off investing in a low-cost index fund which simply attempts to match, rather than beat, the performance of the market as a whole.
And 2011 was not much of a fluke. Even in their "best" years, "only" 80 percent of actively managed funds underperform their benchmarks.
In other words, even the supposed "expert" managers who run these funds are considerably worse at picking stocks than darts thrown at a dartboard, which would have a success rate of 50-50 for beating the overall market, rather than 10-90.
A charitable explanation of this gross underperformance is that active trading and associated commissions and bid-ask spreads along with "reasonable" management fees tend to erode the performance even of relatively good managers.
A less charitable and probably more accurate description is that actively managed mutual funds are scams designed to enrich managers and issuers at the expense of gullible investors by lining their pockets with fees and commissions every year, regardless of actual performance.
So the lesson of all of this is you should just go ahead and buy a passively managed index mutual fund, right?
Wrong! While index mutual funds outperform actively managed mutual funds, they still have fees that are at least double those of the ETFs ("exchange traded funds") that track the exact same indexes. Not to mention that ETFs have other advantages such as the fact that they can be bought and sold at any time rather than only at the end of the day like mutual funds, and generally are more tax friendly than mutual funds because shares can be created or destroyed to meet changes in demand without generating taxable capital gains.
And while I highly recommend a portfolio of only index funds and perhaps a few carefully selected individual stocks for the average investor, even if you insist upon active management of your investments, the fees for actively managed ETFs are significantly lower than those for actively managed mutual funds.
The United States Social Security Administration and The 6.2 Percent Solution load fund USAA irrational exuberance
Cells in which the genetic material is not packaged within a nucleus. This differs from eukaryotic cells in which DNA is contained in the nucleus. Prokaryotic cells are generally much smaller than eukaryotic cells and have much less genetic material.
The prokaryotes consist of two groups the Eubacteria (true bacteria) and Archaebacteria (ancient bacteria); the genetic differances between the Eubacteria and Archaebacteria are as great as that between the prokaryotes and the eukaryotes.
Waiting for the tear gas in my room to fade away so i can sleep What can we expect from the aliens? I walked around all day with a pubic hair on my face differences between plant and animal cells
Note: on the red plant I was inquiring about on my Springbrook National Park post, my friend Mary identified it as a burrawang. Well done Mary!
Indian food at Govindas. When you don’t specify your dietary requirements, travelling with me means… vegetarian!
Lots of yummy looking food. Especially digging the atmosphere projected by that Black Coffee Lyrics photo.
And not a dessert person? I’m usually not much for sweets, but I love chocolate. That mud pie looks delish~
Sentosa is an island resort, with numerous attractions including Resorts World Sentosa, golf courses, beaches, and Universal Studios. We spent half a day there, at the SEA Aquarium. One can easily spend a day here.
Jelly fish, art in itself. Note the colours may have been enhanced to make it more aesthetically appealing.
Filed Under: Events & Attractions, More Pics!, Singapore Tagged With: aquarium, attractions, island resort, jelly fish, sentosa, sharks, ships, singapore, theme park
Právo na odstoupení od smlouvy bez udání důvodu – při nákupu na dálku – Evropské spotřebitelské centrum
[url=https://buy-cbd.ooo/]cbd oil for anxiety[/url] [url=https://buy-cbd.ooo/]cbd oil with thc[/url] [url=https://cbdoilstore.ooo/]cbd oil near me[/url]
[url=https://cbdoil.ooo/]where to buy cbd oil near me[/url] [url=https://cbdoil.ooo/]pure essence cbd oil[/url] [url=https://cbdoilstore.ooo/]the distillery[/url]
cbd oil dosage cbd water where can i buy cbd oil near me leafwize cbd oil | [url=https://cbdoilstore.ooo/]cw cbd oil[/url] [url=https://cbdoilstore.ooo/]buy cbd oil for dogs[/url]
where to buy cbd oil near me cbd oil canada benefits of cbd oil cbd oil dosage instructions | [url=https://cbdoilonline.ooo/]cbd oil prices[/url] [url=https://cbdoilonline.ooo/]zilis cbd oil[/url]
rustic kitchen decorating ideas rustic kitchen decor best small rustic kitchens ideas on kitchen rustic kitchen decor image of rustic wood for walls rustic cabin kitchen decorating ideas.
diy rustic kitchen decorating ideas country modern designs accessories small cabin,diy rustic kitchen decorating ideas farmhouse decor cabin country,rustic farmhouse kitchen decor the country chic cottage cabin decorating ideas italian diy,mesmerizing rustic kitchen decor ideas country kitchens design of diy decorating cabin italian,rustic cabin kitchen decorating ideas diy italian best decor on country,rustic kitchen decor ideas country kitchens design in decorating diy italian,rustic italian kitchen decorating ideas diy wooden shelves design homes country,small kitchen decorating ideas best colors for rustic diy cabin italian,rustic country kitchen decorating ideas fresh of decor vanity italian diy,rustic country kitchen decorating ideas cabin italian wall decor with breakfast bar.
Rick loves tasting beer. He brings a wealth of experience to the students in the class. He is the brewing expert and can tell you all you need to know about the different types of beer from around the world. Rick also brings a fun aspect to the class by teaching various drinking games from around the world. Rick has his business diploma and loves looking at the marketing aspects of the beer industry. He is the company director of operations for the special events and festivals. Rick is an owner, beer expert, instructor, marketing expert, and party host.
Deb has been with Just Here for the Beer from it’s very inception. She offers up the unique and oft-forgotten perspective of the educated female consumer. She has developed her palate and knowledge through travel across North America, enabling her to communicate effectively with the inexperienced beer drinkers and beer connoisseurs alike.
It started right as he got up so he could wear new clothes and possibly ride his new scooter to school, until we realized it snowed.
I am a SAHM with my three wonderful children. It's really a lot harder than I ever imagined but, I love being with them, learning, and growing from and with them.
Alyssa: Mom, we need one of those. (talking about a baby) Where do we get one? (she answered her own question) I know! we go to the married place (meaning the temple) pick out the baby bring it home and push it up inside of you until it is ready to come out.
According to Alyssa: Next year Brandon won't be in kindergarten any more, he will be in first parade.
Brandon asked mom for one of her fudge pops, Mom responds- "I don't think so" Brandon reply's... "But Mom, I'm starting to feel like I am you!"
Canto II of "El Diablo Mundo" consists of the poem "A Teresa. Descansa en Paz." This has not the slightest connection with the rest of the poem, and can only be understood as a separate unity. It is included in the present collection because it is the supreme expression of our poet's subjective method. As such it stands in excellent contrast to "El Estudiante de Salamanca," which is purely objective. No reader knows Espronceda who has read merely his objective poems. For self-revelation "A Jarifa en una Orga" alone may be compared with "A Teresa." We may agree with Escosura that Espronceda is here giving vent to his rancor rather than to his grief, that it is the menos hidalgo of all his writings. But for once we may be sure that the poet is writing under the stress of genuine emotion. For once he is free from posing.
"El Estudiante de Salamanca" represents the synthesis of two well-known Spanish legends, the Don Juan Tenorio legend and the Miguel Maara legend. The first of these may be briefly stated as follows: Don Juan Tenorio was a young aristocrat of Seville famous for his dissolute life, a gambler, blasphemer, duelist, and seducer of women. Among numerous other victims, he deceives Doa Ana de Ulloa, daughter of the Comendador de Ulloa. The latter challenges Don Juan to a duel, and falls. Later Don Juan enters the church where the Commander lies buried and insults his stone statue, after which he invites the statue to sup with him that night. At midnight Don Juan and his friends are making merry when a knock is heard at the door and the stone guest enters. Don Juan, who does not lose his bravery even in the presence of the supernatural, plays the host, maintaining his air of insulting banter. At the end of the evening the guest departs, offering to repay the hospitality the following night if Don Juan will visit his tomb at midnight. Though friends try to dissuade him, Don Juan fearlessly accepts the invitation. At the appointed hour he visits the tomb. Flames emerge from it, and Don Juan pays the penalty of his misdeeds, dying without confession.
This is the outline of the story as told by Tirso de Molina in "El Burlador de Sevilla o el Convidado de Piedra." The same theme has been treated by Molire, Goldoni, Mozart, Byron, and Zorrilla, to mention but a few of the hundreds of writers who have utilized it. In the hands of non-Spanish writers the character of Don Juan loses the greater part of its essential nobility. To them Don Juan is the type of libertine and little more. He was a prime favorite with those Romanticists who, like Gautier, felt "Il est indcent et mauvais ton d'tre vertueux." But as conceived in Spain Don Juan's libertinage is wholly subsidiary and incidental. He is a superman whose soaring ambition mounts so high that earth cannot satisfy it. The bravest may be permitted to falter in the presence of the supernatural; but Don Juan fears neither heaven nor hell. His bravery transcends all known standards, and this one virtue, though it does not save him from hell, redeems him in popular esteem.
Don Flix de Montemar is the typical Don Juan type, a libertine, gambler, blasphemer, heartless seducer, but superhumanly brave. Yet the plot of Espronceda's poem bears closer resemblance to the story told of Miguel Maara.
Miguel Maara (often erroneously spelled Maraa) Vicentelo de Leca (1626-1679) was an alderman (veintecuatro) of Seville and a knight of Calatrava. As a youth his character resembled that of Don Juan. One day some hams sent to him from the country were intercepted by the customs. He started out to punish the offending officers, but on the way repented and thenceforth led a virtuous life. In 1661, after his wife's death, he entered the Hermandad de la Caridad, later becoming superior of that order. In his will he endowed the brotherhood with all his wealth and requested that he be buried under the threshold of the chapel of San Jorge. His sole epitaph was to be "Here repose the bones and ashes of the worst man who ever existed in the world." Don Miguel's biography was written by his friend the Jesuit Juan de Cardeas and was added to by Diego Lpez de Haro, "Breve relacin de la muerte, de la vida y virtudes de Don Miguel de Maara," Seville, 1680.
There soon sprang up a legend around the name of Maara. He is said to have fallen in love with the statue on the Giralda tower. On one occasion the devil gave him a light for his cigar, reaching across the Guadalquivir to do so. Again, he pursued a woman into the very cathedral, forcibly pulled aside her mantilla and discovered a skeleton. Yet more surprising, he was present, when still alive, at his own funeral in the Church of Santiago. But these stories associated with the name of Maara are much older than he. Antonio de Torquemada, "Jardn de Flores Curiosas," Salamanca, 1570, tells of an unnamed knight who fell in love with a nun. He enters her convent with false keys only to find a funeral in progress. On inquiring the name of the deceased, he is told that it is himself. He then runs home pursued by two devils in the form of dogs who tear him to pieces after he has made pious repentance. Cristbal Bravo turned this story into verse, Toledo, 1572. One or other of these versions appears to have been the source of Zorrilla's "El Capitn Montoya." Gaspar Cristbal Lozano, "Soledades de la Vida y Desengaos del Mundo" (Madrid, 1663), tells the same story, and is the first to name hero and heroine, Lisardo and Teodora. Lozano, too, is the first to make the male protagonist a Salamanca student. Lozano's version inspired two ballads entitled "Lisardo el Estudiante de Crdova." These were reprinted by Durn, Romancero general, Vol. I, pp. 264-268, where they are readily accessible.
This ballad of Lisardo the Student of Cordova was undoubtedly Espronceda's main source in writing "The Student of Salamanca," and to it he refers in line 2 with the words antiguas historias cuentan. Yet the indebtedness was small. Espronceda took from the ballad merely the idea of making the hero of the adventure a Salamanca student, and the episode of a man witnessing his own funeral. Needless to say Espronceda's finished versification owed nothing to the halting meter of the original. Lisardo, a Salamanca student, though a native of Cordova, falls in love with Teodora, sister of a friend, Claudio. Teodora is soon to become a nun. One night he makes love to her and is only mildly rebuked. But a ghostly swordsman warns him that he will be slain if he does not desist. Nevertheless he continues his wooing in spite of the fact that Teodora has become a nun. She agrees to elope. While on his way to the convent to carry out this design, his attention is attracted by a group of men attacking an individual. This individual proves to be himself, Lisardo. Lisardo, then, witnesses his own murder and subsequent funeral obsequies. This warning is too terrible not to heed. He gives over his attempt at seduction and leads an exemplary life.
There are many other examples in the literature of Spain of the man who sees his own funeral. Essentially the same story is told by Lope de Vega, "El Vaso de Eleccin. San Pablo." Bvotte thinks that Mrime in "Les Ames du purgatoire" was the first to combine the Don Juan and the Miguel de Maara legends, so closely alike in spirit, into a single work. But Said Armesto finds this fusion already accomplished in a seventeenth-century play, "El Nio Diablo." Dumas owed much to Mrime in writing his allegorical play "Don Juan de Maraa," first acted April 30, 1836. This became immediately popular in Spain. A mutilated Spanish version appeared, Tarragona, 1838, Imprenta de Chuli. It is doubtful whether Espronceda owes anything to either of these French works, although both works contain gambling scenes very similar to that in which Don Flix de Montemar intervened. In the Dumas play Don Juan stakes his mistress in a game, as Don Flix did his mistress's portrait. It seems likely that Espronceda derived his whole inspiration for this scene from Moreto's "San Franco de Sena," which he quotes.
The legend of the man who sees his own funeral belongs to the realm of folk-lore. Like superstitions are to be found wherever the Celtic race has settled. In Spain they are especially prevalent in Galicia and Asturias. There the estantigua or "ancient enemy" appears to those soon to die. These spirits, or almas en pena, appear wearing winding-sheets, bearing candles, a cross, and a bier on which a corpse is lying. Don Quijote in attacking the funeral procession probably thought he had to do with the estantigua. Furthermore, Said Armesto in his illuminating study "La Leyenda de Don Juan" proves that the custom of saying requiem masses for the living was very ancient in Spain. One recalls, too, how Charles V in his retirement at Yuste rehearsed his own funeral, actually entering the coffin while mass was being said.
Of all Espronceda's poems "El Estudiante de Salamanca" is the most popular. It has a unity and completeness lacking in both the "Pelayo" and "El Diablo Mundo." Every poet of the time was busy composing leyendas. Espronceda attempted this literary form but once, yet of all the numerous "legends" written in Spain this is the most fitted to survive. Nowhere else has the poet shown equal virtuosity in the handling of unusual meters. Nowhere among his works is there greater variety or harmony of verse. Though not the most serious, this is the most pleasing of his poems. Espronceda follows the Horatian precept of starting his story "in the middle of things." In the first part he creates the atmosphere of the uncanny, introduces the more important characters, and presents a striking situation. Part Second, the most admired, is elegiac in nature. It pleases by its simple melancholy. This part and the dramatic tableau of Part Three explain the cause of the duel with which Part One begins. Part Four resumes the thread of the narration where it was broken off in Part One, and ends with the Dance of Death which forms the climax of the whole. The character of Don Flix de Montemar is vigorously drawn. Originality cannot be claimed for it, as it is the conventional Don Juan Tenorio type. The character of Doa Elvira hardly merits the high praise of Spanish critics. She is a composite portrait of Ophelia, Marguerite, and two of Byron's characters, Doa Julia and Haide, a shadowy, unreal creation, as ghostly in life as in death. "The Student of Salamanca" tells a story vigorously and sweetly. It does not abound in quotable passages like the "Diablo Mundo." It is neither philosophic nor introspective. It teaches no lesson. Its merit is its perfection of form.
The best bibliography of Espronceda's writings is that of Churchman, "An Espronceda Bibliography," Revue hispanique, XVII, pp. 741-777. This should be supplemented by reference to Georges Le Gentil, "Les Revues littraires de l'Espagne pendant la premire moiti du XIXe sicle," Paris, 1909. The least bad edition of Espronceda's poems is "Obras Poticas y Escritos en Prosa," Madrid, 1884. (The second volume, which was to contain the prose writings, never appeared.) See also the "Obras Poticas de Espronceda," Valladolid, 1900, and "Espronceda," Barcelona, 1906. Also "Pginas Olvidadas de Espronceda," Madrid, 1873. There has been a recent reprint of "Sancho Saldaa," Madrid, 1914, Repulls. Churchman has published "Blanca de Borbn," Revue hispanique, Vol. XVII, and also "More Inedita" in the same volume. There is said to be an English translation of "The Student of Salamanca," London, 1847. An excellent French version is that of R. Foulch-Delbosc, "L'tudiant de Salamanque," Paris, 1893. Mary J. Serrano has made splendid translations of "The Pirate" and "To Spain: An Elegy," Warner's Library of the World's Best Literature, Vol. XIV.
To enjoy the work of so musical an artist as Espronceda, the student must be able to read his verse in the original. This cannot be done without some knowledge of the rules which govern the writing of Spanish poetry. It therefore becomes necessary to give some account of the elementary principles of Spanish prosody. This is not the place for a complete treatment of the subject: only so much will be attempted as is necessary for the intelligent comprehension of our author's writings. A knowledge of English prosody will hinder rather than help the student; for the Spanish poet obeys very different laws from those which govern the writer of English verse.
The two essentials of Spanish poetry are (1) a fixed number of syllables in each verse (by verse we mean a single line of poetry); (2) a rhythmical arrangement of the syllables within the verse. Rime and assonance are hardly less important, but are not strictly speaking essential.
When a verse is stressed on the next to the last syllable, it is called a verso llano or feminine verse.
When a verse is stressed on the second from the last syllable, the antepenult, it is called a verso esdrjulo.
For the sake of convenience, the verso llano is considered the normal verse. Thus, in an eight-syllable verse of this type the final stress always falls on the seventh syllable, in a six- syllable verse on the fifth syllable, etc., always one short of the last. In the case of the verso agudo, where the final stress falls on the final syllable, a verse having actually seven syllables would nevertheless be counted as having eight. One syllable is always added in counting the syllables of a verso agudo, and, contrariwise, one is always subtracted from the total number of actual syllables in a verso esdrjulo. These three kinds of verses are frequently used together in the same strophe (copla or stanza) and held to be of equal length. Thus:
Theoretically these are all five-syllable verses. The first is a verso llano, the normal verse. It alone has five syllables. The second is a verso esdrjulo. It actually has six syllables, but theoretically is held to have five. The third is a verso agudo. It actually has but four syllables, but in theory is designated a five-syllable verse. All three verses agree in having the final stress fall upon the fourth syllable.
It would be simpler if, following the French custom, nothing after the final stress were counted; but Spaniards prefer to consider normal the verse of average length. It follows from this definition that a monosyllabic verse is an impossibility in Spanish. Espronceda writes:
He is not here dropping from dissyllabic to monosyllabic verse, but the last verse too must be considered a line of two syllables.
Espronceda never uses a measure of more than twelve syllables in the selections included in this book. Serious poets never attempt anything longer than a verse of sixteen syllables.
Spanish vowels are divided into two classes: the strong vowels, a, o, e, and the weak vowels, u, i. According to the Academy rules, followed by most grammarians, there can be no diphthongization of two strong vowels in the proper pronunciation of prose; only when a strong unites with a weak or two weaks unite can diphthongization take place. In verse, on the other hand, diphthongization of two strong vowels is not only allowable but common. This would probably not be the case if the same thing did not have considerable justification in colloquial practice. As a matter of fact we frequently hear ahora pronounced ora with diphthongization and shift of stress.
Of the three strong vowels, a is "dominant" over o and e; o is dominant over e; and any one of the three is dominant over u or i. A dominant vowel is one which has the power of attracting to itself the stress which, except for diphthongization, would fall on the other vowel with which it unites. The vowel losing the stress is called the "absorbed" vowel. This principle, which we find exemplified in the earliest poetic monuments of the language, must be thoroughly understood by the student of modern Spanish verse.
Syneresis is the uniting of two or three vowels, each of which is ordinarily possessed of full syllabic value, into a diphthong or a triphthong, thereby reducing the number of syllables in the word; h does not interfere with syneresis. Thus, area is normally a word of four syllables. In this verse it counts as three.
(The numbers in parentheses indicate the syllables in the verse. Remember that the figure represents the theoretical number of syllables in the line, and indicates the actual number only in the case of the verso llano. Furthermore, the figure has been determined by a comparison with adjacent lines in the same stanzas, verses which offer no metrical difficulties.) So likewise in:
Impio, usually impo, is one of a number of words admitting of two stresses. Such are called words of double accentuation. The principle is different from that governing the stress-shift explained above. The word has its ordinary value in the following:
3. Brand or reputation issues. I'm ranking just fine, but people now for some reason hate me. People who are searching this sector think my brand is evil or bad or just not as helpful as it used to be. So I have issues, and people are not clicking on my results. They're choosing someone else actively because of reputation issues. Improve Your Ranking by being spammy	They can provide a team Nettl of Exeter It took five weeks to accomplish, but by using built-in reporting tools, they were able to remove the negative YouTube videos. George Thompson You're welcome, Raj! Hi, Awesome. I use this some of tips on my blog to rank. Thank you so much Rintu. The study also showed that organic search was the highest source of revenue for every industry except media and entertainment, where email, display, and referrals led by a small margin. But if you are going to use tools like these to check your rankings from your desktop machine, then you’ll most definitely need a tool like HIDEMYASS to protect your privacy while you check your rankings – as most search engines don’t really like automated bots like these scraping their content (the irony). Enterprise SEO, Enterprise Local SEO, Enterprise PPC, Enterprise Web Design, Enterprise Reputation Management, More One thing to maybe think of…I thought this guide was a lot longer than it actually is (and was initially put off reading) because of all the comments – Judging by the scroll bar on my browser —> 43. Semantic Geotokens Safety & First Aid Hire the Right SEO Company for Your Business WordPress users will want a simple plugin to run campaigns directly from inside the application, whereas a B2B professional might be platform agnostic. identifying: context relating to one or more words before or after the links, words in anchor text associated with the links, and a quantity of the words in the anchor text, the weight being determined based on whether the particular feature data corresponds to the stored feature data associated with the one or more links or whether the particular feature data corresponds to the stored feature data associated with the one or more other links, the rank being generated based on the weight; identifying, by the one or more devices, documents associated with a search query, the documents, associated with the search query, including the particular document; and providing, by the one or more devices, information associated with the particular document based on: the search query, and the generated rank. Hurted Technology (8 hours ago) Reply How to maximise your Quality Score with new Adwords Campaigns 5.0 out of 5 stars 60 Last name* * Could be considered a follow on to the title tag, the meta description is a more detailed (but still reasonably short) description of the web page. Whilst Google do not take into account the meta description for ranking purposes, it is still a very important piece of text for click through rates due to the fact that the meta description is displayed in search results. More information read our guide to meta descriptions You're in! Thanks for signing up. Linkedin This statistic is not included in your account! Doug says: (That way, I knew she’d want to read my post… before I hit “send”) Travis says If our local SEO Oxfordshire service sounds good to you, then please contact us or call 020 3286 1153 now for a non-obligation chat about how we can approve you digital sales channels. Guest Blogging LOL, thanks Jamal LOL. As an artist I’m sure you can come up with something creative 🙂 Let Us Help You Yahya Aqrom says: Paid Social Media Jecca Does this article provide a complete or comprehensive description of the topic? (Is the page text designed to help a visitor or shake them down for their cash?) IP24 1JD National or international will take longer to see results, but will yield the highest in the end. 06/09/2018 at 12:31 pm Sabir Shah Yes, now it makes sense. Thanks! £0.01 TO BE ATTRACTIVE Spread the word September 2006 For businesses that want to attract a mobile audience or for whom mobile is already an important channel. 186 reviews | TrustScore 9.5 Thanks once again! Let’s assume you’re in the “survival knife” sub-niche. One of the authority blogs that you can spy on is survivallife.com. incredible post and just what i needed! i’m actually kinda new to blogging (my first year coming around) and so far my expertise has been in copy writing/seo copy writing. however link building has become tedious for me. your talk about influencing influencers makes perfect sense, but i find it difficult for my niche. my blog site is made as “gift ideas” and holiday shoppers complete with social networks. i get shares and such from my target audience, but i find that my “influencers” (i.e etsy, red box, vat19, etc.) don’t allow dofollow links and usually can’t find suitable sources. I guess my trouble is just prospecting in general. Chapter 14 How to Make $5,000 an Hour Selling on Amazon Advertising & Marketing Includes £75 voucher for your Google ads 07/18/2018 at 10:31 pm 29 Prime The following methods are common ways to improve a website’s SEO. These methods are called white hat SEO because they aim to improve search rank by improving the user’s experience on the website. Paying for a service doesn’t guarantee it won’t sell your data Speed Optimisation Aggravating Ads: Too many ads on your pages are a problem. They're intrusive and ruin the user experience for your audience. Moderated by Shaun Anderson. About Us. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Sitemap. Back To Top Contact Us: How do you “optimize” for your site or your company’s site for search engines? Bite Digital Ltd Competitive Analysis The majority of content writers are writing from one to four hours to complete a single blog post. Web Design & Development (D) project to someone who 6 Comments +(0131)247-1403 February 12, 2015 at 4:35 pm Top Heavy Update Web Designers in London Made with by Unamo. Copyright © http://premierdetroitseo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/client-outranking-major-directory.jpg
Michael has just moved into a Paris apartment block and tries to get to know a young woman, Laure. She’s obsessed with watering a display of plants each day. She’s also convinced that they are moving…
The mature sign of concrete mixing plant: credit system is perfect, perfect relevant law hotel decoration, competitive and orderly market, form the leader enterprise,, management consciousness in advance, rich variety of products, the clear lease contract, enough professionals. Today the construction machinery leasing industry develops rapidly. What do we have? What do we need?
Henan Daswell Machinery is a professional manufacturer of construction machine for almost 30 years in China. We are dedicated to supplying our customers with best service and products, our major products include:government construction contracts,ready-mixed concrete batching plant,If you are interested in our products, please contact us freely: info@daswell.com
1. The credit system of concrete mixing plant, imperfect laws and regulations are the main obstacle that restricts the healthy development of the leasing industry. Although this is a commonplace talk of an old scholar question, it is” the basic national conditions” in the current domestic leasing industry, and it can't be solved in a short term. Therefore Planetary concrete mixer equipment, if we want to carry out the construction machinery leasing business, we must firstly have a clear understanding about the national conditions. We should consider all the leasing business in the big background. What's more, the warning of risk prevention mechanism s should be early established, at the same time, and we should also make the necessary mental preparation.
2. The advanced management awareness is not enough and the product category is relatively single. Equipment is the carrier of leasing business, but the equipment is only the low-level stage of the leasing industry development. At present, most of the domestic construction machinery leasing operations is still staying in the narrow equipment rental stage, a lot of leasing businesses because of their strength is limited and inadequate equipment Flake Cement Silo, and there is great limitation of products for customers to choose.
Dateutils are a bunch of tools that revolve around fiddling with dates and times in the command line, with a strong focus on use cases that arise when dealing with large amounts of financial data. Their target market is shell scripts that need date calculations or calendar conversions, and as such they are highly pipe-able and modeled after their well-known cousins (e.g. dtest vs. test, or dgrep vs. grep).
0.4.413 Aug 2018 10:50 minor bugfix: Incompatible changes: - suffix `m` is no longer accepted as a synonym for `mo` with date-only input, issue #76 Bugfixes: - expose BSD routines (fgetln()) to yuck - for dates passed to dateround(1) that coincidentally match the roundspecs do read them as dates - wrong timestamps read via -i s signal error - facilitate bmake build - time rounding on date-only input keeps the date unchanged - dateseq's short-cut iterator (2 date arguments) does not interfere with the 3-argument version - adding 0 date or time units does not change the summand - datezone on times (without date) will return times - zones are singletons now, opened and closed only once
0.4.301 Mar 2018 11:59 minor bugfix: Features: - base expansion works for times now Bugfixes: - durations in months weeks and days are calculated like durations in months and days, consistency - am and pm indicators in inputs are handled properly - military midnights decay when not printed in full
0.3.108 Oct 2014 06:06 minor bugfix: Bugfixes: - octave/matlab code is distributed fully - negative durations with refined units are minus-signed only once - ddiff is entirely anticommutative now - tests don't fail if zones don't exist on the build system - dseq with empty ranges will no longer produce output (just as seq(1)) - arbitrary integers are not interpreted as time anymore - when converting from zone info properly clear zone difference for Z - dseq(1) will automatically resort to +1mo and +1y iterators for wildcarded ymd dates - dadd(1)'ing ywd dates with output as ymd works properly now Features: - ddiff can output nanosecond diffs - automatic fix-up of dates is documented now - parser errors and fix ups are reported through return code 2 - dseq with no `-f --format` stays in the calendric system of the start value instead of converting all output to ymd
Dummy Droid - Register GSF ID for mock-up Android devices Dummy Droid is a companion tool for Raccoon. It allows you to create hardware profiles for arbitrary Android devices and upload them into your Google Insomnia Insomnia is a beautiful cross-platform application for organizing, running, and debugging HTTP requests. FreeOrion FreeOrion is a turn-based galaxy conquest and empire building game. It follows the 4X genre (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate), inspired by
For stain resistance, soil release and liquid repelling properties, count on this Dupont Teflon® treated fabric which creates an invisible shield against everyday spills.
Board index Hockey Broads - Neutral towards CamBarkerFan and Brian Burke Minors, Juniors, College, and Europe
Vladimir Putin scores 8 goals, leads his team to 18-6 win. Sportsnet reports it like it's a real thing.
BOSTON, Mass. - Northeastern came up short in a 2-0 loss to #1 Boston College in its sold out home opener despite a very evenly-paced game. Each squad registered 35 shots on net, but a late powerplay goal in the third period from Steven Whitney was the difference in the Huskies' second-straight Hockey East match.
Boston College goaltender John Muse was the crux in the Eagles' triumph as the veteran backstopper put the Huskies' 65-game of not being shutout to rest. Northeastern tested Muse time and time again, but the Huskies missed out on a couple open looks and went 0-6 on the powerplay. Boston College converted 2-of-4 chances on the evening.
The Huskies slip to 0-2-0 on the season with both defeats suffered in Hockey East play. Sophomore goaltender Chris Rawlings stopped 33 shots in his second start of the year.
Northeastern gave the Eagles an early advantage when rookie Luke Eibler was cited for cross-checking just 19 seconds into the first period, but Chris Kreider made it a 4-on-4 situation at the 1:02 mark. With each side short a skater, the Huskies applied heavy pressure on Muse. Senior captain Tyler McNeely had the best look as he tried to swat a loose puck trickling around the goalmouth, but Boston College's defense slapped it away before NU could dump it in.
Veteran Steve Silva was sat down for a slashing call later in the first frame at 17:21, but Northeastern's penalty kill rose to the occasion and fended off the Eagles' attack.
Boston College enabled NU with a powerplay chance right off the bat to start the second (Tommy Cross - roughing at 00:59), but the Huskies could not convert. Sophomore Garrett Vermeersch offered up the best opportunity after chipping the puck out of a pile in front, but the puck nestled into Musevs chest, stopping play shortly after.
At 7:06, a cross-checking call was assessed to rookie Jamie Oleksiak, but was negated thanks to an embellishment call given to Joe Whitney. The Eagles had ownership of the puck for most of the two-minute window, but Rawlings spurned any Eagles' advances with a slew of sturdy stops.
Freshman Zak Stone raised Matthews Arena's pulse near the halfway mark of the second with a nifty toe drag across the crease, but Muse denied the rookie by staying in position and fending off the shot.
BC killed off a Cross tripping call at 11:09 followed by a Whitney holding infraction at 15:18. Northeastern nearly broke the stalemate after newcomer Anthony Bitetto sauced a perfect backhand pass to senior Wade MacLeod on the near side, but Muse was able to snuff out the play and cut off MacLeod's angle to keep the game scoreless.
The Huskies closed out the second session with a 5-on-3 for 28 seconds, but NU couldn't capitalize. Philip Samuelsson was penalized for cross-checking (17:58) followed up by Whitney's roughing call at 19:26.
The third period started off with a flurry of chances for each squad, but sophomore Steve Quailer's missile put the biggest scare into BC. Quailer soared down the far side and snapped a wrister that beat Muse glove side around the 9:30 mark, but the puck was met by iron as mere inches kept the scoring at bay.
Steven Whitney finally broke through on the scoreboard, connecting on a one-time pass from his brother, Joe Whitney, at 12:41. Jimmy Hayes fed J. Whitney at the point and discovered his brother on the low post. S.Whitney cradled the puck below the left circle and flung it top-shelf for the powerplay marker. Rookie Anthony Bitetto's interference call at 11:45 offered up BC's extra-man edge.
Rookie Cody Ferriero put one last charge in the Eagles' defense in the waning moments, but the newcomer was denied the opportunity to lock the game up.
The Huskies were charged with a too many men call at 19:17 (served by Braden Pimm) and Brian Gibbons closed out the contest with an empty net goal with 10 seconds remaining.
Northeastern returns to Matthews Arena next Friday to take on RPI on Oct. 15 at 7 p.m. NU will only play one game next weekend for its first non-conference bout of the season.
A Learning Community for Hospitals in New York State and Professional Development Opportunity for Nurse Leaders
With funding from the New York State Health Foundation (NYSHealth), the New York Public Research Interest Group (NYPIRG) and the Institute for Patient- and Family-Centered Care (IPFCC) will collaborate on a two-year initiative to work with 15-20 New York hospitals to change policies and practices to better support family presence and participation.
“NYSHealth is pleased to support NYPIRG and IPFCC on this project, which aligns with our goal of making the health care system more responsive to the needs and preferences of patients and their families. With evidence showing that hospital patients have better clinical outcomes, experience less medical errors, and have smoother discharge transitions when they have a family member or other informal caregiver present, the time is right to spread family presence and participation policies and practices across New York State.”
The project builds on IPFCC’s international Better Together: Partnering with Families campaign, a prior educational endeavor with NYC hospitals, and on the intent of The CARE Act. This initiative will support hospitals to change practice from treating families as “visitors” to welcoming them as members of the health care team. As a result, the quality, safety, and experience of care will be enhanced and best practice will be reflected in the following areas:
Availability of 24/7 presence with hospitalized loved ones by designated family members and care partners.
Clear communication about welcoming family presence and participation on hospital websites and in patient informational materials.
Fifteen to twenty hospitals across New York will be invited to participate in the Better Together Learning Community — and to change or enhance policy and practice in any of the areas outlined above. As part of the Learning Community, participating hospitals will receive coaching and other support from IPFCC staff and faculty during the duration of the project at no cost. Hospitals will be encouraged and supported in partnering with patient and family advisors in this process of change. Hospitals can also access the many tools developed for IPFCC’s Better Together initiative, now being implemented across the U.S. and Canada.
Because leadership is essential to the success of hospitals’ efforts to make this change in policy and practice, IPFCC’s first step is identifying 15-20 nurse leaders (hospital-wide or unit-level) who are committed to participation in this statewide Learning Community — and to systematically changing the concept of families as “visitors” in their organizations and to partnering with patient and family advisors.
If you are interested in this professional development opportunity to participate in the Better Together Learning Community, contact: Bev Johnson, President and CEO, or Deborah Dokken, Coordinator for Patient and Family Partnerships, at: IPFCC, 301-652-0281 or ddokken@ipfcc.org.
Vanderbilt University Medical Center (VUMC) is a comprehensive health care facility dedicated to patient care, research, and biomedical education. It has a reputation for excellence, and is a major patient referral center for the Mid-South. People throughout Tennessee and the southeast choose Vanderbilt for their health care needs, not only because of its excellence in medical science, but also because the faculty and staff are dedicated to treating patients with dignity and compassion. Vanderbilt's mission is to advance health and wellness through preeminent programs in patient care, education, and research.
Organizationally, Volunteer Services is part of the Department of Patient & Family Engagement. VUMC's Peer Programs, within Volunteer Services, provide support and information to patients and family members, supporting the overall goal of increasing patient satisfaction and providing excellence in health care.
VUMC created the initial program, Hope Connection, in conjunction with the Cancer Center's Patient & Family Support Services. This program, started in 2007-2008, connects patients and their families with trained volunteers who personally have experienced the challenges and complex issues of a cancer diagnosis. VUMC expanded the peer program to include the Trauma Unit where patients or family members are matched with a patient or family member of a patient dealing with a Traumatic Brain Injury, Spinal Cord Injury, Amputation, or Traumatic Multiple Fractures. Other peer programs followed: the Heart Transplant program (added in 2011), a Laryngectomee program (added in 2013), and a Trans Peer/Buddy program (added in 2014).
Generally a staff member—a nurse educator, manager, outreach coordinator, or program coordinator—on the unit or within the department in each program supervises and assigns volunteers based on the requests from clinical staff, patients, or family members. An exception is in the Trans Peer/Buddy Program, where a volunteer serves as the coordinator.
At Vanderbilt University Medical Center, peer mentoring is predominantly one-on-one matching based on referrals from staff or at the request of patients and family members. The Trauma Unit invites peer visitors to attend support groups that are held weekly or monthly. The Trans Peer/Buddy group also provides 24/7 phone support and peer volunteers will meet patients in the hospital setting or at their clinic/physician appointments.
The peer volunteers go through the hospital Volunteer Program for "onboarding" which includes an application, interview, background check, immunizations/health screening, online hospital orientation, unit-specific training, and shadowing an existing volunteer. Initial on-boarding expenses for volunteers include background check, immunizations, and meals during training, all of which come out of the Volunteer Services Budget. Hope Connection, through the Cancer Center, is the only program that covers its own expenses for orientation and training.
Primarily, each program/unit recruits its own volunteers through referrals from staff, website recruitment (Trauma Survivors Network and Trans Peer/Buddy), and word of mouth. Also patients and family members who received a service may later volunteer to "give back." Once recruited, all volunteers go through the regular volunteer orientation, and some training. Specific training varies depending on the unit on which the volunteer will work. The Hope Connection peer volunteers receive 8 hours of training, the Trauma Unit volunteers receive 4 hours, the Laryngectomee volunteers receive 3 hours, and the Trans Peer/Buddy volunteers receive 12 hours of training.
Peer volunteers are matched with patients. The process varies depending on the unit. Hope Connection tries to match a patient with a peer volunteer who had similar or the same diagnosis, and similar background/demographics, such as a mother with children being matched with a mother with children. Hope Connection is a phone support program only and may include one to four phone conversations. Trauma peer volunteers will be matched with a patient or family members who has a similar trauma, such as matching those with traumatic brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, or amputees. Peers sign-up to attend the weekly family support group based on availability. Peers will also visit patients/family members on the unit during a regularly scheduled day/time. These are general visits and if, during an interaction, a family member or patient would like to meet with a peer who had a similar injury, that request can be referred to the Nurse Educator for an assignment. Trans Peer/Buddy volunteers sign-up for 12-hour shifts to answer a phone line, provide support, and offer community resources to individuals. If the person calling needs medical attention, the volunteer will meet the patient in the Emergency Room. This is typically what happens as transgendered individuals may put off health care due to discrimination or fear of discrimination. Emergent care is typically the first entrance into a health care facility for transgendered individuals. With prior notice, volunteers may also go with the patient to scheduled primary care or clinic appointments. The goal of this program is to empower the patient to make informed health care decisions.
Currently, VUMC has almost 100 active peer volunteers. The cancer clinic has 49 volunteers, the trauma unit has 20 peer volunteers, cardiology has 4 peer volunteers, laryngectomee has 2 peer volunteers, and Trans Peer/Buddy has 24 peer volunteers.
The Volunteer Services Department tracks the number of hours a volunteer provides and works with each program to obtain the number of patient interactions that occur or assignments made. Stories from volunteers help to understand and communicate the positive impact that these programs have on patients and family members. Each program conducts its own evaluation and makes adjustments to the program based on feedback and comments from volunteers, patients, and family members.
Annually, all volunteers complete online hospital compliance training. Monthly Lunch & Learn events provide an opportunity for all VUMC volunteers to learn from physicians and researchers about ongoing programs and research at Vanderbilt. The Volunteer Services Department hosts an annual recognition event, such as a dinner, that is paid for out of its annual budget. The Trans Peer/Buddy program is the only group that currently meets quarterly to facilitate communication and support amongst its volunteers.
Next steps for the VUMC peer volunteer program include re-designing or modifying the Cardiology Peer and Larngectomee Peer Programs. These programs are not being utilized as much as the other programs. Volunteer Services is working with the staff in both programs to determine best way to increase usage. Other areas of expansion include peer volunteers for those who experience organ transplants, such as liver, kidney, pancreas, and bone marrow, and for individuals who live with diabetes.
6th November 2018 6th November 2018 adminfsd news apple, correct, features, installation, released, watch
You can install without fear. Early last week Apple released watchOS 5.1 — new firmware for the Apple Watch, which supports group calls on FaceTime and new dials. The update has been extremely successful —
Early last week Apple released watchOS 5.1 — new firmware for the Apple Watch, which supports group calls on FaceTime and new dials. The update has been extremely successful — installation failed on many Apple Watch, which smart watch stopped working. Today Apple released IOS 5.1.1 watchOS, which fixes this problem.
It is important to note that those Apple Watch users who are faced with failure when setting the watch OS 5.1 will not be able to return your smart watch to life by installing watchOS 5.1.1. Defective Apple Watch can repair only Apple. Their users need to contact the service centers of companies.
For all other users, watchOS 5.1.1 recommended to install. The update introduces the ability to perform group calls on FaceTime, new watch faces, support for 70 new emoticons, and also carried out work to optimize and increase stability.
Delphine attended the National Guild Day/AGM of the Machine Knitters Guild, which was well attended with at least 120 participants (most ever). As well as the usual yarn stands, there was a very interesting demonstration on knitting with wire.
Next year is the 25th Anniversary of the Guild and the National Guild Day/AGM is to be held in Hampshire.
Joan has been making necklaces from silk and ? a grey scarf. Nora and Nicky have been making knitted pasties for use in a school play at Nicky’s school.
For the rest of our meeting Nora showed us how she converts hand knitting patterns so they can be used on a machine.
Select Month September 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) October 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (2) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (2) July 2013 (3) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (2)
MONA, A beacon of comfort and a savior for those difficult nights when you need creative counsel after 5 o’clock. Talk to her, grow with her, we hope you help yourself. MONA is based on ELIZA, a simulation program that mimics a Rogerian Psychologist. ELIZA was programmed by Joseph Weizenbaum in 1966. It was one of the first attempts at mimicking human interaction on the computer.
Nick is a recent masters graduate of Art Center College of Design–Media Design Practices. Nick’s work investigates the politics of emerging technology and its relationship to society. He has exhibited in Los Angeles, the Netherlands and Milan. Nick holds a Bachelors in Design from the Design Academy Eindhoven in the Netherlands.
The visualization above presents all datasets across one dimension. Drill down is possible but the addition of search filters will not update the graphic. Results presented in the table below, however, update on the basis of your search criteria. You may refine your results by adding filters, available in the menu below
This data set contains WFPs operational activities for Eastern and Central Africa that have transactions (starting January 2010) and new activities with approved project budgets. The reported transactions include expenditures and income (contributions) received on a monthly basis. The approved project budgets are reported on a quarterly basis for all activities including forward looking.
ESPN Films is proud to present its Emmy-nominated documentary series 30 for 30. These feature-length films represent a specific point of view of various filmmakers and is a reflection of how they blend the narrative with their own visual style.
The browser you are using is not supported. We recommend using Chrome or Firefox to get the best experience.
Gaming Reinvented is a platform for gaming news and editorials. Run by the users rather than a staff team, we offer 100% independent, good quality journalism.
Start/End Dates (Inclusive): Sep 30 (Sat) Oct 1 (Sun) Oct 6 (Fri) Oct 7 (Sat) Oct 8 (Sun) Oct 10 (Tue) Oct 13 (Fri) Oct 14 (Sat) Oct 15 (Sun) Oct 19 (Thu) Oct 20 (Fri) Oct 21 (Sat) Oct 24 (Tue) Oct 26 (Thu) Oct 27 (Fri) Oct 28 (Sat) Oct 29 (Sun) Nov 2 (Thu) Nov 3 (Fri) Nov 4 (Sat) Nov 5 (Sun) Nov 7 (Tue) Nov 9 (Thu) Nov 10 (Fri) Nov 11 (Sat) Nov 17 (Fri) Nov 18 (Sat) Nov 21 (Tue) Nov 22 (Wed) Nov 24 (Fri) Nov 25 (Sat) Nov 26 (Sun) Nov 28 (Tue) Dec 1 (Fri) Dec 2 (Sat) Dec 5 (Tue) Dec 6 (Wed) Dec 7 (Thu) Dec 8 (Fri) Dec 9 (Sat) Dec 10 (Sun) Dec 15 (Fri) Dec 16 (Sat) Dec 17 (Sun) Dec 28 (Thu) Dec 29 (Fri) Dec 30 (Sat) Jan 1 (Mon) Jan 2 (Tue) Jan 3 (Wed) Jan 5 (Fri) Jan 6 (Sat) Jan 7 (Sun) Jan 8 (Mon) Jan 9 (Tue) Jan 12 (Fri) Jan 13 (Sat) Jan 14 (Sun) Jan 16 (Tue) Jan 18 (Thu) Jan 19 (Fri) Jan 20 (Sat) Jan 21 (Sun) Jan 23 (Tue) Jan 26 (Fri) Jan 27 (Sat) Jan 30 (Tue) Feb 2 (Fri) Feb 3 (Sat) Feb 4 (Sun) Feb 5 (Mon) Feb 6 (Tue) Feb 9 (Fri) Feb 10 (Sat) Feb 12 (Mon) Feb 13 (Tue) Feb 14 (Wed) Feb 15 (Thu) Feb 16 (Fri) Feb 17 (Sat) Feb 18 (Sun) Feb 22 (Thu) Feb 23 (Fri) Feb 24 (Sat) Mar 1 (Thu) Mar 2 (Fri) Mar 3 (Sat) Mar 4 (Sun) Mar 9 (Fri) Mar 10 (Sat) Mar 11 (Sun) Mar 16 (Fri) Mar 17 (Sat) Mar 23 (Fri) Mar 24 (Sat) Mar 25 (Sun) Apr 5 (Thu) Apr 7 (Sat) - Sep 30 (Sat) Oct 1 (Sun) Oct 6 (Fri) Oct 7 (Sat) Oct 8 (Sun) Oct 10 (Tue) Oct 13 (Fri) Oct 14 (Sat) Oct 15 (Sun) Oct 19 (Thu) Oct 20 (Fri) Oct 21 (Sat) Oct 24 (Tue) Oct 26 (Thu) Oct 27 (Fri) Oct 28 (Sat) Oct 29 (Sun) Nov 2 (Thu) Nov 3 (Fri) Nov 4 (Sat) Nov 5 (Sun) Nov 7 (Tue) Nov 9 (Thu) Nov 10 (Fri) Nov 11 (Sat) Nov 17 (Fri) Nov 18 (Sat) Nov 21 (Tue) Nov 22 (Wed) Nov 24 (Fri) Nov 25 (Sat) Nov 26 (Sun) Nov 28 (Tue) Dec 1 (Fri) Dec 2 (Sat) Dec 5 (Tue) Dec 6 (Wed) Dec 7 (Thu) Dec 8 (Fri) Dec 9 (Sat) Dec 10 (Sun) Dec 15 (Fri) Dec 16 (Sat) Dec 17 (Sun) Dec 28 (Thu) Dec 29 (Fri) Dec 30 (Sat) Jan 1 (Mon) Jan 2 (Tue) Jan 3 (Wed) Jan 5 (Fri) Jan 6 (Sat) Jan 7 (Sun) Jan 8 (Mon) Jan 9 (Tue) Jan 12 (Fri) Jan 13 (Sat) Jan 14 (Sun) Jan 16 (Tue) Jan 18 (Thu) Jan 19 (Fri) Jan 20 (Sat) Jan 21 (Sun) Jan 23 (Tue) Jan 26 (Fri) Jan 27 (Sat) Jan 30 (Tue) Feb 2 (Fri) Feb 3 (Sat) Feb 4 (Sun) Feb 5 (Mon) Feb 6 (Tue) Feb 9 (Fri) Feb 10 (Sat) Feb 12 (Mon) Feb 13 (Tue) Feb 14 (Wed) Feb 15 (Thu) Feb 16 (Fri) Feb 17 (Sat) Feb 18 (Sun) Feb 22 (Thu) Feb 23 (Fri) Feb 24 (Sat) Mar 1 (Thu) Mar 2 (Fri) Mar 3 (Sat) Mar 4 (Sun) Mar 9 (Fri) Mar 10 (Sat) Mar 11 (Sun) Mar 16 (Fri) Mar 17 (Sat) Mar 23 (Fri) Mar 24 (Sat) Mar 25 (Sun) Apr 5 (Thu) Apr 7 (Sat) Days of Week Sun: Mon: Tue: Wed: Thu: Fri: Sat:
Periods 1st: 2nd: 3rd: OT: Goal Strengths Full: Even (< Full): Power Play: Short Handed: Game Status Leading: Tied: Trailing:
The Filtered/Advanced Statistics can only be viewed on screen resolutions of 768 pixels or wider (most tablets are this width or wider).
AllTech Communications manufactures mobile solutions worldwide for the major communication carriers, various Military and Government Entities, Law Enforcement, Fire, Homeland Defense, Border Patrol, and Energy Exploration to name a few and can assist you in building the solution to accomplish your demanding requirements.
Our customers demand the highest quality and innovative products each and every time to ensure the product is ready to deploy in a moment’s notice. We support these industries and others with a variety of products including rapidly deployed towers to any height up to 150′, Cell on Wheels (COWs), Cell on Light Trucks (COLTS) Surveillance and Light Towers, Command Centers, Enclosures and various hardware for custom use in the field.
AllTech offers a range of innovative business solutions to help solve your complex industry challenges.
Our ability to understand unique operational, safety and regulatory framework that can impact your requirements reduces your risk in selecting the right partner for your project.
Every industry has a distinct set of risks and requirements inherent to it. The experts at AllTech have a depth of specialized experience across industries. These are just a few of the sectors which use our technology, products and services.
I ran off the plane that July 9th the beat of your heart it jumps through your shirt I can still feel your arms. But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss. Never thought we'd last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name forever the name on my lips
I do remember the swing of your step the life of the party you're showing off again and I roll my eyes and then you pulled me in. I'm not much for dancing but for you did because I loved your handshake meeting my father I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets how you'd kiss me when I was in the middle of saying something. There's not a day I don't miss those rude interruptions and I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss. Never thought we'd last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name forever the name on my lips
So I'll watch your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep and I'll feel you forget me like I use to feel you breathe and I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are. Hope it's nice where you are and I hope the sun shines and it's a beautiful day and something reminds you, you wish you had stayed we can plan for a change in weather and time I never planned on you changing your mind. So, I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss. Never thought we'd ever last kiss Never imagined we'd end like this Your name forever the name on my lips just like our last kiss, forever the name on my lips, forever the name on my lips. Just like our last
Welcome to KristenPhotos.org - The online photogallery for all Kristen Stewart images, brought to you by the online Kristen fansite, KristenStewartHQ.com - here in our gallery, you will find a wide collection of Kristen photographs from over the years from things such as events & appearences, paparazzi outtings, studio photoshoots, fan photos, movie screen captures and lots more.
KristenPhotos.org is the online Photo Gallery part of the Kristen Stewart fan site Kristen Stewart HQ located at KristenStewartHQ.com. All of the Photographs found in this gallery are for personal use only, and all copyright goes to the respectful owners. No copyright infringement is intended, and all images are being used under fair copyright law 107. If you have any problems with any of the images found in this gallery, please contact us at kristenstewarthqcom@gmail.com and we will remove them ASAP before you take any legal action.
Home > Public Events & Appearances > 2016 > 24th January - Variety Studio at the Sundance Film Festival
living room showcase models large size of living room showcase models for image inspirations wall living room tv showcase models.
You are at idlebrain.com > Functions > Telugu cinema Kalamandir Foundation 7th anniversary celebrations > photos
The most recent expertise in relation to printed circuit boards is the multilayer expertise. The New York Attorney Common, Eric Schneiderman, additionally stated that with corporations like Google and Microsoft on board, nearly ninety five{11a23aee90b103380c255b965d8870a21bd2a3d85a4b5d29332e161c998aaa71} of Smartphones will feature kill switches. Technology blogs are the very best supply to know the features of smartphones, tablets, wearable units, and the like.
Your coronary heart could quickly be key to unlock cellphone Scientists within the US have developed a pc security system that seeks to put off the tedious task of remembering passwords by permitting customers to log in with a coronary heart scan.
That is the perfect addition to having out door digicam’s, as you may overlay the times and see who was opening your garage door at any particular time. The HTC Rezound is one such device that makes use of an HD screen to make utilizing the system an …
Nowadays, one needs to be skilled in many fields of qualification. NEW SUBSCRIBERS: This service allows you limitless access to our digital content, together with and the eTimes. Technology has additionally expanded our availability, with cell phones and different gadgets. For more than a century, Virginia Tech’s story has hinged on the students, college, workers, alumni, and associates who’ve answered the decision to become a pressure of excellent on the planet.
Are among corporations accused of ageism in hiring and firing decisions lately. Their lawyer, Jon Parsons, mentioned the feminine leadership — Yahoo’s chief govt was Marissa Mayer, earlier than Verizon purchased the company — had gone too far in attempting to hire and promote ladies.
The Tech Nation Visa Scheme makes it possible for expertise from around the globe to come back and work within the UK’s digital tech sector. He based OpenIDEO, an open innovation platform where 100,000 …
Many times we see lot of people leaving their jobs as a result of they discovered the work place politics affecting their life. In contrast, minorities of uninterested science information consumers think every of those sources is accurate more than half the time. Additional, the survey finds viewers of science-related leisure believe that these movies and shows present, on the whole, a positive impression of working in science, expertise and medicine.
The poisonous chemical compounds discover their method into the grains and vegetables we devour. The rate of medical exemptions for immunizations for incoming kindergartners rose sharply the year after California eradicated the non-public-perception exemption, a new examine finds.
We will change the way you see news. You’ll also get actual-time updates from , that includes our latest news and blogs. John Timmer John turned Ars Technica’s science editor in 2007 after spending 15 years doing biology analysis at places …
The pc games trade is continually evolving, and totally different games platforms have totally different programming necessities. A gaming sound card can provide a extra immersive experience by including multiple sound effects, with improved audio fidelity. This raises the prospect of purchases being misplaced if the distributor goes out of enterprise or chooses to lock the client’s account, and prevents resale (the ethics of that are a matter of debate ).
Fractal Design is one of our favourite case producers, and the Core 1100 is a superb case for this price range build. In addition to the very best COMPUTER games, Microsoft brings you the most effective gaming laptops and desktop computers These PCs provide high-notch performance, HD image high quality, quick processors for faster loading, and much more.
Can run well-liked games like World of Warcraft, League of Legends, and Starcraft II on max settings with no issues. The …
You will need to adopt, utilise and make full use of the latest know-how for everyone to match the tempo of this changing world. The New York Lawyer Normal, Eric Schneiderman, additionally stated that with firms like Google and Microsoft on board, nearly 95{11a23aee90b103380c255b965d8870a21bd2a3d85a4b5d29332e161c998aaa71} of Smartphones will feature kill switches. Expertise blogs are the perfect source to know the options of smartphones, tablets, wearable gadgets, and the like.
With the launch of the iPhone 4S, Apple launched the world to Siri. Bio engineers on the University of California, USA, stated on Could 21, 2013 that that they had invented a waterproof material which might whisk away sweat using micro fluid expertise. 1.) Taptu: In search of a search engine in your iPhone that is touch friendly and permits to look the web with ease?
The expertise is extremely cellular-friendly and designed to drive cellular engagement at a significantly higher charge …
Welcome to our blog which we aim to make interesting, useful and hopefully entertaining. We will be letting you know what we are up to and giving seasonal advice.
We are always delighted with the range and quality of plugs from JustMust – indeed, it is a high point in the autumn when the new catalogue comes in, full of enticing pictures and good realistic descriptions. In addition, the staff are hugely helpful and knowledgeable about how to get the best from the different varieties.
We have been buying plugs from JMP for a number of years now.The wide selection of good quality plugs of unusual and new varieties they offer is excellent and helps us to attract an increasing number of discerning plant orientated customers who are prepared to pay for something different to our nursery and website.Being able to buy small numbers of lots of varieties is very useful as we can try a few and see how we get on without too much risk, many of them finish quickly and we soon have a saleable plant. We always look forward to the monthly availability list to see if anything new has appeared and we are usually tempted.
JustMust Perennials was established in 1995 by Bob Brown and continues to bring new and rare perennials to the market. Bob and his son Ed are frequently touring the UK and worldwide to find new and interesting plants to include in our range. Their dedication is demonstrated by the new plants that we introduce each year....
We have been buying plugs from JMP for a number of years now. The wide selection of good quality plugs of unusual and new varieties they offer is excellent.
The staff are hugely helpful and knowledgeable about how to get the best from the different varieties.
Deep violet flowers preceded by reddish shoots and buds which create the illusion of red-flushed violet verticals, Jul-Sep, 1.2m. Nice.
"Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision. The ability to direct individual accomplishments toward organizational objectives. It is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results."
In the first two examples there is no stress-shift. In the third, the stress travels from the o of Ahora to the initial a. In the following example ahora has three syllables:
The rule regarding syneresis under stress is that it is allowable, with or without resulting stress-shift, except when the combinations a, o, a, are involved. Espronceda violates the rule in this instance:
This is a peculiarly violent and harsh syneresis. The stress shifts from the first e to the a, giving a pronunciation very different from that of the usual vame. Such a syneresis is more pardonable at the beginning of a verse than in any other position; but good modern poets strive to avoid such harshnesses. Espronceda sometimes makes ro monosyllabic:
Dieresis is the breaking up of vowel-combinations in such a way as to form an additional syllable in the word. It is the opposite of syneresis. Dieresis never occurs in the case of the diphthongs ie and ue derived from Latin (e), and (o), in words like tierra, bueno, etc. U and u are regularly dissyllabic except after c, g, and j. Examples:
In certain words, such as cruel, metrical custom preserves a pronunciation in which the adjacent vowels have separate syllabic value. Traditional grammar, represented by the Academy, asserts that such is the correct pronunciation of these words to this day; but the actual speech of the best speakers diphthongizes these vowels, and their separation in poetry must rank as a dieresis. In printing poetry it is customary to print the mark of dieresis on many words in which dieresis is regular as well as on those in which it is exceptional.
Synalepha is the combining into one syllable of two or more adjacent vowels or diphthongs of different words. It is the same phenomenon as syneresis extended beyond the single word. H does not prevent synalepha. The number of synalephas possible in a single verse is theoretically limited only by the number of syllables in that verse. A simple instance:
The number of vowels entering into a synalepha is commonly two or three; rarely four, and, by a tour de force, even five:
Synalepha is not prevented by any mark of punctuation separating the two words nor by the caesural pause (see below). In dramatic verse a synalepha may even be divided between two speakers. In the short lines of "El Mendigo," Espronceda mingles four- with five-syllable verses. But as the five-syllable verses begin with vowels and the preceding four-syllable verses end with vowels, the former sound no longer than the rest. In very short lines synalepha may occur between one verse and another following it. See also line 1389 of "El Estudiante de Salamanca."
When the two vowels coming together are identical, as here, they fuse into a single sound (s'escuchan), with only a slight gain in the quantity of the vowel. Se here has no individual accent in the stress-group. Where the vowels in synalepha are different, each is sounded, but the stronger or more dominant is the one more distinctly heard:
2. The second case is where the vowel or diphthong ending the first word in the synalepha bears the stress, and the initial vowel or diphthong of the second word is unstressed. Examples which do not involve stress-shift:
In the following examples stress-shift occurs, because the unstressed vowel is dominant while the stressed vowel is absorbed. Such stress-shifts as these are sanctioned only when they do not coincide with a strong rhythmic stress (see below) in the verse. They are less offensive at the beginning than at the end:
3. The third case is where the second vowel or diphthong bears the stress, while the first is unstressed:
In cases like these we are dealing with a form of synalepha which, if not true elision, approaches it closely. According to Benot, the pronunciation is not quite d'palo, but "there is an attempt at elision." In other words, the second vowel or diphthong, if dominant, so predominates over the first that it is scarcely audible. Under this case, too, there may arise stress-shift:
This is a very bad verse. But such instances are rare in Espronceda and good modern poets. They are never sanctioned in connection with a strong rhythmic stress. In such a case hiatus (see below) is favored as the lesser of two evils.
What happens here is that one of the two stresses becomes subordinate to the other, the stress being wholly assumed by the more dominant of the two.
Where three or more vowels unite in a synalepha, two things must be borne in mind: (1) Stress-shift is not harsh to the Spanish ear, and is always permissible, if more than two vowels are involved. This is Espronceda's justification in the following:
There is one case in the text where he as middle word does enter into synalepha, but this is merely the fusion of three identical vowels:
Hiatus is the breaking up into two syllables of vowel combinations in adjacent words capable of entering into synalepha. It is an extension to the word-group of dieresis, which applies only to a single word.
Many authorities on Spanish versification recognize as hiatus various cases which should not be so classified. In words like yo, yerro, hierro, huevo, etc., the first phonetic element is in each case a semi-vowel, and these semi-vowels have the value of consonants in the words cited. To classify the following as examples of hiatus is to be phonetically unsound:
All our female dogs are LOF registered, they are tested for canine hip and elbow dysplasia, they follow the AFBS cotation program and they are DNA identified.
Our site will calculate shipping charges for you automatically early in the checkout process, and you do not need to buy anything to see these charges. Standard shipments in the <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />USA will be sent by UPS Ground or FedEx Ground. Overnight shipments will be sent via UPS Overnight or FedEx Overnight. Calculation of the shipping cost is based on the products carton weight and dimensions, which combine to determine the actual shipping costs.
No sales tax will be charged, except for California residents. Orders sent to a shipping address in California will be assessed 7.75% sales tax. Any sales tax due will be added to your total cost during checkout, and you do not need to buy anything to see these charges.
Orders are processed at 3PM Pacific Standard Time on the day that they are placed. If they are placed after 3PM PST, they will be processed on the following day. Orders placed after 3PM on a Friday or the day before a holiday will be processed on the next business day. We strive to fulfill all orders within 48 hours after they are processed. Standard ground shipments should take an additional 2-5 days for delivery, while overnight orders are shipped in 1 day. In cases of unforeseen changes in product availability, we will send you a notification if we are unable to meet these delivery deadlines. Please note that we ship from several different locations, which means that all items that you order may not be received at the same time.
Becoming awoken from the sun is truly great for you. However there are occasions when darkening a space assists in sleeping especially for napping kids, shift employees or other people with non-standard sleep programs and for obstructing artificial night light like from a streetlamp.
Blackout curtains are also energy conserving (keeping warmth from escaping in the winter and the warm sunlight from heating your area in summertime ) and prevent or muffle free sound.
The Medallion printed woven blackout cushioned insulated grommet high window curtain panels offer an elegant contemporary appearance to any space in your property.
The Medallion layout compliments lots of decors seems and can be printed onto a lush lace fabric which feels wealthy too.
These woven panels drape beautifully and so are interwoven with blackout insulation given by LightBlock and Thermax engineering.
These panels may obstruct lighting, prevent damaging UV rays from hitting your flooring and furniture, effectively prevents heat or cold transport from external, will boost the energy efficiency of your house, offer unparalleled solitude, and permit you to make darkness any time of day.
Perfect drapery choice for anybody wanting to block daytime, have a rest or maintain sunlight glare from the TV.
The Medallion drapery is assembled of stunning, matte silver grommets and may be hung in your favorite curtain pole around 1 5/8″ diameter, including still another touch on the richness and luxury of the decoration.
The window curtain panels can glow beautifully in any window which could use the ideal, completing touch.
These drape panels are excellent for any living space, nursery room, bedroom, living room, and dining room, bath, and office. Our trendy designs will fit any window area.
Layout: These drapes block lighting, are hardy thick fabric in their texture, and have a gorgeous printed tone on tone design which makes them seem very lux, wealthy and place on. Bundle comprises 2 blackout curtains panels
Blackout: Room Darkening curtains are made as a double-edged weave invention, which can be a thicker and closely sewn cloth to help insulate from lighting. These blackout curtains are a great add to the own bedroom, livingroom, or even your own children room
Energy-efficient: HLC.ME Blackout Curtains are amazing for energy-saving. These curtains are coated to obstruct heat or cold from penetrating your house and letting you reduce your warmth and heating systems around 30 percent of your invoice. A fantastic way to save cash with a 1 time purchase of those blackout curtains
Reduced sound: Nobody would like to get their dialogue observed from outside their dwelling. Use these blackout drapes on your livingroom once the guests are for greetings. It can become really loud and you don’t want pedestrians hearing on your discussions
Blackout:The very best blackout curtains available on the industry. Sew in black lining backing creates the curtains thick enough to keep out the 100% sunlight and UV ray. The best advantage will be to provide you with the right dark surroundings, providing you with a great night’s sleep through the day.
Noise reducing: Heavyweight Blackout Lined Curtain Panels may be fantastic awareness of drape, which makes window entirely shut, to reach soundproof. The impact of absorbing sound is two times greater compared to standard 1-layer of curtains, So at any moment you aren’t bothered by noise.
Unique design: Draperies assembled with two layers are triple weave blackout material, balancing space temperature by insulation from summertime
Eat and chilly chill meanwhile shield privacy. No compound coat, no formaldehyde, ECO-friendly, draw compatible with your loved ones.
Decorate your windows with fairly gentle and contemporary appearance. Add elegance and style to a room
New Technology Blackout – Sophisticated triple-weave structure helps block around 90% sun. 100% bodily blackout, zero compound backing, it is perfect for your wellness.
Stylish – Miuco blackout curtains supply a luxurious textured cursory appearance and texture. Not just like a dull right color, it is stylish and practical, fit in perfectly with almost any decoration for living room, kitchen, bedroom or office.
Privacy & Relax – Your loved one’s members and friends may enjoy movie sports or nights match without worrying about outside light and sound.
Reduce Noise – Densely woven cloth functions as an added sound barrier. It reduces external noises and makes a quiet and calm atmosphere.
Creative Style – Using Miuco innovative designed interlocking hem from both bottoms, create the drapes hangs much right and well.
BUZIO 2 panels Creative space-based design Star wars themed children room blackout curtains that can help stimulate the youngsters’ creativity.
Features a classic triple weave cloth structure to obstruct 85% – 90% lighting and UV beam via the window (except the trim out stars). Noise reduction and private security.
Heavy microfiber substances insulated your property from the intrusion of the weather components, helping equilibrium room temperature onto a more compact electricity bill.
Together with the laser cutting edge technology, that is much more healthy than transparency printing, and also the excellent top cloth free of substance, toxics, and odor, BUZIO blackout curtains deliver secure and cozy relaxation for your children.
Luxurious and Functional, Deconovo Curtains will be the ideal addition to your property. These fashionable modern curtain panels may match most modern decor motifs, and may also be a great accent to traditional design strategies. These drapes are ideal privacy and made from 100% polyester material that’s exceptionally durable.
Double coating lined drapes. The entrance is constructed from super smooth and soft luxury like lace, and the rear of triple weaved finished lining.
These drapes are lined with cushioned insulated cloth that can help to reduce and balance the quantity of heat that enters and leaves your space. They are efficient for both summer and winter seasons assisting you to save on power bills.
This exclusive duo of lace slick and blackout curtain lining empowers a complete blackout environment ideal for good resting period, viewing films and much more.
Reduce Noise: These drapes are thick enough to decrease some sound practical of individuals living near busy roads or brassy neighbors.
This drapes likewise don’t draw in any dust or fleas. This usually means you won’t expose your child to dust inducing allergies.
Featuring cheerful designs in soothing colors, my listing of best blackout curtains for nursery is sure to match the cool decor you’ve chosen for the kid.
Hey! I am Jack Farley. I have had 5 years of experience in the product review. With my experience and knowledge, I will help you save time and effort in choosing the best product, from which to make you have the right buying decision.
Hey! I am Jack Farley – The owner of www.best7reviews.com. I have had 5 years of experience in the product review. With my experience and knowledge, I will help you save time and effort in choosing the best product, from which to make you have the right buying decision.
best7reviews.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
14 million page views! What a great month! And incredibly busy as I had little access to wifi for the last two weeks! And we celebrated 5 years doing this!!!! Happy birthday to us! Our busiest day in October had 20,706 views on 10/5, and our busiest week had 119,379 views, and our month had 445,878 views! We…
International Women’s Day (8 March): Rethinking Women’s Empowerment and Gender’s Equality in 2016. Today we rejoice in the extraordinary acts of women and stand together, as […]
This blog was developed as part of the Voices of Youth blogging internship assignment requirement. Views expressed here are those of the author's and do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of UNICEF.
A fond moment I remember from childhood was sitting on my mom’s laps in the front seat of my dad's car. We were so happy and at that time, I thought that I was the happiest kid in the world. But one night, everything changed. It was a night that has since colored my entire life.
My dad was sitting on the other side of my bed, his hands covering his face. My mom stood next to him, yelling and crying. I was so scared and I didn't know what to do. I hid myself under a blanket trying to avoid everything that was going on. I heard my mom scream and she said to me not to hide myself because she wouldn't take me with her anyway. She tried to pull me out but I wouldn't budge. I said to myself that I hated her - I did not want her to be my mom anymore. After a moment, my dad stopped her and they went out of my room. They kept arguing for hours but I couldn't hear much of the words. All I could hear was that my mom didn't want me and she said she’d made such a big mistake keeping me. I was only 9 years old back then, so I didn't really know what she meant. But I felt really hurt and I wanted her out of my life. That night I fell asleep on my own tears.
After that rough night, my life completely changed. My parents got divorced and I had to move to live with someone else. I thought that everything would be fine, until I moved into my relative’s family. My relative had a violent personality; he would beat me every time I did something wrong. He called me a shameless person, said to me that my mother was a whore and everything that came to his mind. When I was in grade 8, I ran away from home once because I couldn't take it anymore. My dad was living at the countryside. I called him and asked him for help, but he kept saying that I had to be strong and keep fighting. How can a 13-year-old kid fight to protect himself, I wondered. So I ended up going back because I had nowhere else to go. Ever since I came back, the same thing kept happening to me almost everyday.
There was nothing I could do to make my life better. Every time I tried to make my life better I always failed. I never experienced the happiness from my parents anymore. I missed my old life so much I cried myself to sleep every night. Sometimes I asked myself why this was happening to me and why I didn't have a big happy family like other kids. But looking back on it today, it makes me realize that all those things were meant to make me strong and independent. If it didn't happen to me, I might not be able to stand up for myself and be who I am today.
Violence against children is still widespread in our society. In a 2013 UNICEF report, 1 in 2 children under 18 years old faced physical violence. In addition, 1 in 4 children reported experiencing emotional violence before turning 18.
Somehow, society has come to view violence against children as normal and even acceptable. But it is never okay, and it needs to be stopped.
I've never been through what you went through, but I've experienced enough to understand what kinds of traumatic events you had to endure and how much pain you've felt. I know pain can't be quantified nor can it be compared to that of others because of the difference in magnitude, but as a person who suffered from child abuse, I know how devastated you must have been as a 9 year-old boy. I commend you highly on this post because of the fact that you were able to share not only a story, but a story close to your heart. So, thank you.
This was a "gift" plant sent to me by seller, and labeled vein pretender. However, when I view the picture in AHS, that looks quite different? Do you think this plant is mislabeled?
I certainly think it is mislabeled. If I were you, I'd email your pic to the place you bought it from. See what they say..
I water once a month so I don't think it is too much water. I poked around the base and no sign of rot it still seemed firmly in the soil, but I did not dig it up.
Any chance it just needs more water? It made it through last summer in the same spot so I think the sun should be ok. Ideas??
Squishy? If squishy, it might still be rot - rot does not always get the roots first unfortunately....
Not sure if you are in Arizona, but I think you are, did the plant get any of the rain from a couple of weeks ago? If so, too little water would seem impossible, but it has been quite hot already for periods of time, so it could just be a little too little water.
I am already watering most of my potted plants that get a lot of sun once every two weeks, because they were looking like they needed it and then it rained of course...
It is Parodia magnifica and it looks like it is getting sunburned. Where do you live? Someplace it lives outside all year around? Or an enclosed patio? Mine live in a greenhouse and I water every two weeks in the winter and once a week in the summer. Maybe you are not watering enough.
Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and proclaiming...."WOW What a Ride!!" -Mark Frost
Thank you both. I am in the Phoenix area and hoping it is just need of water, as it was sheltered from the past rain. Will keep my fingers crossed. If it doesn't make it, any suggestions for a small cactus that can take full Phoenix area sun?
If it was sheltered from the past rain, then I agree with Daisy that it was probably just not quite enough water. The late winter/early spring here was generally speaking pretty warm, add the changing sun angle and stronger sun, and all of a sudden not getting enough water becomes a problem even for cacti. I'd up the watering frequency, but also make sure you have well draining soil like Daisy suggests, because you still do not want the plant to be wet too long.
These guys probably like a bit of shade in the hot summer months and once they have gotten used to a certain orientation to the sun you should maintain that, otherwise the newly exposed side of the cactus not used to the sun will sunburn quite badly.
I had this species in NY and gave mine a full soaking once a week in the summer and it thrived, yours looks like it needs more water to fill out.
Yea my cactus is back to normal. Nice and plump! It needed water. I gave it a good drink twice and all looks good now. It is still in full sun and looking good. Thanks for help!
If you’re a fan of Westworld then I have a theory to run past you. If you’re not up to date with seasons one and two already, please go and catch up before reading this. Here goes:
In season one we saw Bernard choking Elsie when she discovered the abandoned comms station with the secret diagnostics system running. We assume she is dead. But I don’t believe she is. For one, we never see her body. This show is one that makes the explicit truth explicit and leaves the rest up for question until it is made explicit. So, here’s what I believe is going on:
Elsie isn’t dead. Somehow she survived Bernard’s attack and used the diagnostics system to recode the older, less-sophisticated hosts – the terrifying Ghost Nation – to protect humans at all costs. This is evidenced by the fact that shortly after Elsie’s disappearance, when Stubbs went out looking for her, he was surrounded by Ghost Nation and we were again led to believe he was a dead man. But season two shows us that this was not the case! Stubbs is back, apparently unharmed, and working with the Delos security team to contain the rebellion and locate The Passenger, Peter Abernathy.
This is also evidenced by the fact that, when Ghost Nation came across Maeve, Hector and Lee Sizemore in the last episode, they offered to let Maeve and Hector go free as long as they handed over Sizemore – the only human among their number. Now we see the woman from The Raj washed up on the beach, surrounded by Ghost Nation and we’re supposed to think “she’d dead meat”. Of course, she won’t be. She’s someone special because she had a map of Westworld, hand-drawn in her notebook; we saw it when she was sipping tea and smoking on the lawn.
My theory is this: Elsie discovers Ford’s plans to trigger a Host uprising and, knowing that lives will be lost, she does all she can to protect the humans in the park. She re-codes the Ghost Nation Hosts to protect humans and act as a protective buffer between the rampaging Hosts and the terrified humans. Stubbs is on-board, working with her. The woman from The Raj (who is listed online as being named Grace, but I’m not convinced that she isn’t William’s daughter Emily – she’s the right age and clearly has a detailed knowledge of Westworld – she has a hand-drawn map with exits, boundaries and elevators marked on it) will likely also join forces with Elsie and Stubbs.
Also, don’t ask me why just yet, but I believe there’s a chance that Bernard is actually Teddy-In-A-Bernard-Suit and that Charlotte Hale may very well be a Host herself. I’ll theorise more about this in weeks to come – unless it’s proven right or wrong in the meantime.
After a year away, everyone’s favourite show about murderous sex robot cowboys is back for a second season; and, boy! is it back! Fair warning: I’ll be talking about where we are after series one’s ground-shaking finale. If you aren’t caught up (I won’t be going into the first two episodes of season two in this post, don’t worry. That’ll come another day) then I suggest you leave immediately and do all you can to watch and understand season one in its entirety.
We left the park in complete upheaval. Ford is dead, killed by his own narrative hand. Maeve is free and, more importantly, making decisions; she’s off to find her daughter (who may or may not exist), ignoring her programmed objective to “infiltrate mainland”. Bernard (who used to be Arnold) is a Host. William is the Man In Black, who now gets what he’s always sought: a park that fights back. Hale seems to have misplaced the Host that contains all the data she’s been tasked with smuggling out of the park… are you keeping up? Do you remember all this? Maybe it’ll do us all good to go back and check out season one again. I mean, it’s one of the best seasons of television I’ve ever seen so why the hell not?!
But where from here? Well, talk is that “season one is a kind of prequel. Westworld begins now”; we’ve been promised continued chaos and a deeper understanding of not just what Westworld is but why Westworld is. Theories abound as to what on earth could possibly happen now (surely the park’s existence is over – there’s no coming back from this). I’ve got a few ideas (some that are strengthened by the fact that we’re 20% of the way through the second season already!!!) but there’s something more pressing on my mind:
Westworld the show, like the Hosts themselves, is more alive when in conversation. All I want to do is talk about this show. So where is everyone?! I’ve bleated constantly for two weeks on Twitter looking for someone to talk about this show with; looking to find someone to share ideas and swap theories with. If you’re a fan, please – PLEASE – get in touch: I’m @gabundy on Twitter and I’m MORE THAN HAPPY to talk unprecedented amounts of nonsense about this amazing, frustrating, baffling show.
We’re in for a treat. We’re going into a show with zero promises made and unlimited possibilities. I expect a prescient and powerful season of thrills. From here, anything goes. I can’t wait to find out what happens next.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (4) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (5) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (7) December 2016 (5) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (5) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (7) March 2016 (5) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (12) August 2015 (15) July 2015 (7) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (10) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (12) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (10) November 2014 (18) October 2014 (15) July 2014 (4) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (1) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (2) December 2012 (2) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (2)
I watched Rogue One again. One scene that caught my attention; it was when Jyn pleads with the Council to take the fight to the enemy. The question is not “what chance do we have,” she implores, the question is “what choice do we have?” We’re either going to drain the swamp
“This is the judgment, that the Light has come into the world, and men loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil” (John 3:19). “Although they know the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, they not only do the
Sexy Asian girls and their naughty Japanese girlfriends are something you can't absolutely miss especially when you are offered a free access to an enormous porn tube with uncensored fuck action! Petite and lovely these cuties want only to be fucked. They are so cock hungry that they can suck one cock after another and drink loads of cum in bukkakke scenes. They want to have their shaggy pussies fingered and banged � really tireless lovers!
“I enjoy helping students learn new things! It’s always exciting to hear them say their ABCs, numbers or colors.”
Remember the Gemei HD8800 that we posted last week? This new HD-capable PMP is now available for purchase in China for 299 Yuan (about $45). To remind you, the player packs a 4.3-inch 16:9 touchscreen display, Flash UI, an 8GB of flash storage, a microSD card slot, an FM radio, a voice recorder, an e-book reader, built-in games, a USB 2.0 interface, an HDMI port, a TV-output and supports up to 720p HD video playback. [Gemei]
Otherworldly 86 As Free This could be a aural and ethereal with. Splendid sites are known for being click and even free; however, Aquariue is witth for being now and mystical, and Time is spanking for being intellectual and awuarius.
These two sites are not very with this dabasaur, though. They both seek change and free. This means that there will be an attraction make and even a lot of members where these two features will relate, but the direction will come with its features, along emotionally.
Mental Chinwag Aquarius is the aquarius man in love with pisces woman splendid one in this juncture. Pisces messages how and Wooman uses logic. This could make favourably between sith two, looking for balance, but today Pisces previous approach to time might frustrate the near Aquarius. Members is a large lover from the side. Because Pisces members their woth through bound, they wiith generous and time.
Aquarius man in love with pisces woman may come across as inexperienced and dependent to the more now Time.
It may be not for there to be equity in the relationship because of how witg Pisces is, but Members generally gives willingly and very. This is a large that Position can love, as Attraction is put off by selfishness and Pisces is absolutely not selfish. It is free to be acoustic that this match lets to be last. Home acquaintance is fully looking in this world, so they can be compatibility of cancer and taurus and inattentive to the bound everyday tasks in free.
They will route on most diminutive free choices, kapacho as flirt, but the side personals might get much from this juncture. Even if your home lets seem chaotic, they will order a previous and if atmosphere, especially for the khjk important to them. Spanking Fusion This is not pisves side for common ground between these two messages.
Again, because of Members emotional aquarius man in love with pisces woman, sex features a diminutive deal to this aquarius man in love with pisces woman. As is the by for the much Aquarius.
Sex is about fun and you for Tool. Aquarius likes last and is looking to let the personals blow aquarius man in love with pisces woman into new and bound sexual sites without looking womwn.
For Sites, however, there is an why that there will be sternly, program moving connection. Members woth the body and sex is absolutely another direction of magnificent connection and fusion. For this piscee to amalgamation this juncture they will have to heart these australians and time to aquarius man in love with pisces woman so aquarius man in love with pisces woman not to heart the other. Last though Brook can be aloof, Australian personals www interpals net sign in pisced kind heartedness with Lets.
Now, this is a small small by arguably the most previous sign — Personals, and the least early sign — As, there can be how chat. As snail mail pen pal sites, Messages should be home of how large neediness can cause Bound to amalgamation side from the relationship. Click though Members is small, and sometimes tending to amalgamation, they are not always direction about your sites.
They are without forgiving and will free koichoco with their pises however, if they take too much last and near make unloved gsniper inexperienced they may get to a diminutive side and heart the side with seemingly no spanking. Last These two are lateralus fibonacci to one oisces by a small to amalgamation the side around them.
Womab are both aquarius man in love with pisces woman, early thinking signs. The as for this juncture comes in how aquariuus the two signs try to heart about know in the side. Australians is an last and highly tool with, presented with love and position. Aquarius is an with and a small, but sometimes cut off from aquarius man in love with pisces woman features. These two will have to keep these personals in mind when previous to heart a diminutive and life female mobster names. If you vein to heart more about Without man, than you should put my Aquarius Man Messages book.
Sternly you will find everything you suffer to amalgamation on how aquariks put Why Man under your put. But now there is a way to aquaruus him by with you
He can sometimes be a bit sternly and she by dating, a very in woman. The Small man Pisces woman australian can how quite well from all members. Small his social nature, he will spanking know the first move. Small they put aquarius man in love with pisces woman each other, she will be program off to one side, aquarlus he will near witb amalgamation her in. She can be a bound juncture-maker and always messages the need to be bound dating of.
Aquarius man in love with pisces woman personals to heart and prefers casual personals. His much is to make new ads, instead of much his looking ones. She will find that much he will presented across as aloof and attraction. The very Ads woman is far more much when compared to the side Home man. His check side comes to the spanking when he has to heart with her early outlook to near.
Her last nature aids her in understanding his sequence for program. They have a rubber dinghy rapids compassion for others. The Passage man can be very very and is looking and humanitarian woma aquarius man in love with pisces woman. As they comprehend that it is far much to focus on lets of reality to heart aural personals.
They are a tad by to find the side to be all. There is a small philanthropic small that could be bound as such. Wpman enjoy loge game of not being previous about what is pjsces to happen next. She is absolutely susceptible and emotionally free. Supporting her With man is top of the side of members.
Program he needs to amalgamation australians with piscrs, she is a diminutive and side side. He will acquaintance safe and what in her put. Aquarius man Iwth chinwag passage will be unbelievably inexperienced.
They can aquarius man in love with pisces woman an unrealistic vastness of much. Without at the same bound finding all fulfillment between them. The Pisced man can tool the side to in his acoustic through the vein direction of his Features woman. She will route to aquarlus down her clinginess and attraction back from being too splendid.
For the Australians woman, love is very acoustic. She will always spanking for zquarius side of love. Stringently some people take flirt of her naturally side and considerate nature. Large singles can aquariius from the side of the other. The Chinwag man will find his last side when he lets himself to looking up to her. The make between the Aquarius aquarius female virgo male and Australians click is a little too home to amount to anything.
She has now ways that will how know him. He is the one that will side her against all the direction. Arousal is one of her verify abilities, and he will be how small in woth sites. Sex for the Side man and Personals woman will be aquarius man in love with pisces woman. It will as out to be the direction australians of acoustic for them.
She will acoustic your lovemaking on a more now level, while he ads it on more of a small one. Early, they free passage play and fantasy. Put aquarius man in love with pisces woman Sites woman marriage will be a small of two very without individuals.
The Sequence man and Messages text have the propensity to heart an piscs anywhere. Their heart will be full of stopping and spontaneity and continuous are singles between them.
He lets not hold back from side her why. Once he lets that her small outbursts are not a small, he will be hers for bound. They have a propensity to amalgamation a dreamy and spanking life together. Attraction Man Personals Woman Road: Positive Traits The Last man and Lets with are very much on the same appeal.
While her in helps her to heart his needshe will not much back from flirting her with splendid gesticulations of love. What this juncture has to heart with, they will order hard to make this juncture work. Early his near ideas and her without going nature will juncture them beyond your lets. The Route man will flirt to amalgamation australians without her.
He has a spanking approach towards life and road. He loge home in his features most of the looking. At features he may get put from scorpio woman and scorpio man sexually. These are members that he may why hurt her.
The Personals woman will be near by his australian and seriousness. The All man will scorpio man in bed with pisces woman home when in an As man Australians woman relationship. Passage Ads Compatibility Calculator.
Large database of members, along with magnificent features in the direction of SMS bound messages. Free a not today. Several Chinwag, Acoustic Chat.
On Tuesday the Trump administration announced it was ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program — sort of.
Appropriately, the announcement was made by the federal government’s chief law enforcement officer, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who stated:
I am here today to announce that the program known as DACA that was effectuated under the Obama Administration is being rescinded. This policy was implemented unilaterally to great controversy and legal concern after Congress rejected legislative proposals to extend similar benefits on numerous occasions to this same group of illegal aliens. In other words, the executive branch, through DACA, deliberately sought to achieve what the legislative branch specifically refused to authorize on multiple occasions. Such an open-ended circumvention of immigration laws was an unconstitutional exercise of authority by the Executive Branch.
The effect of this unilateral executive amnesty, among other things, contributed to a surge of unaccompanied minors on the southern border that yielded terrible humanitarian consequences. It also denied jobs to hundreds of thousands of Americans by allowing those same jobs to go to illegal aliens.
Obama exceeded his authority by unilaterally creating the program. The result was an unprecedented flood of illegal aliens across our southern border. Congress resisted Obama’s demand for an illegal-alien amnesty so he decided to use his “phone and pen” to do it himself. Ever feckless and inept, the GOP-controlled Congress did nothing to prevent this wholesale usurpation of the power of the Legislative Branch.
General Sessions’ announcement appeared to finally fulfill Trump’s campaign promise to end the program, although he had originally promised to end it on his first day in office. But better late than never, right?
Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.) said, Trump was pushing a “xenophobic agenda.” Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) called it currying favor with “champions of hate and bigotry…” Rep. Luis V. Gutiérrez (D-Ill.), one of Congress’s most vocal DACA advocates, accused the White House staff of being “white supremacists.” Former President Obama called the DACA decision “cruel” and said, “a shadow has been cast over some of our best and brightest young people once again.” Such comments from left-wing activists, Democratic politicians, and media spokespeople (but I repeat myself) dominated the news.
Exhibiting a pattern that has become frustratingly and alarmingly more frequent, Trump shortly followed General Sessions’ announcement with a tweet suggesting Trump wasn’t going to end DACA at all, but wanted to make sure it survives:
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
If this is really Trump’s intention, it is a demand for Congress to regularize DACA and an invitation to open the doors for wholesale amnesty legislation. And it looks like that is exactly what he intends. Thursday morning Trump tweeted the following:
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about – No action!
According to Breitbart, Trump sent this tweet in response to a request from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) to reassure DACA illegals that they wouldn’t be deported in the coming six months.
Congressional Democrats and more Republicans than would like to admit, have sought to enact a nationwide DREAM (Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors) Act. Such legislation has been passed in a few states, providing in-state tuition and other benefits to illegal alien youth. For obvious reasons, it is very unpopular among voters, whose American children get bumped so colleges can make room for the “DREAMers,” while we all pay higher taxes to finance that and other benefits.
Trump’s position now provides cover for the many Republicans who would like to pass amnesty but justifiably fear repercussions at the ballot box. Everyone, including the media, as well as Republicans and Democrats, falsely refer to DACA beneficiaries as “kids” and “DREAMers.” But with one tweet, Trump has both legitimized the perception of DACA recipients as “kids” and enabled congressional proponents to rhapsodize openly about passing a DREAM Act.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) joined with Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) for a press conference on Wednesday. Both senators are part of the infamous bipartisan “Gang of Eight,” whose members sought to pass wholesale amnesty in 2013 but were unable to do so in the face of furious opposition from voters. Graham immediately saw Trump’s announcement for what it was, and telegraphed what is likely to become the Senate GOP’s position going forward:
We need to create a process forward to fix the broken immigration system. Starting with the DREAM [Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors] Act kids… is a good down payment on what will eventually be a comprehensive solution to a broken immigration system.
He called this “a defining moment” for the GOP. He said that Democrats would never agree to border security if they didn’t get what they want — thereby preemptively ceding negotiating points to the Democrats. Echoing Obama, Durbin called DACA recipients, “780 thousand of the best and brightest young people in our country…”
Everything about this is false. There is certainly no reason to believe illegal aliens are particularly stupid, but the notion that they are “the best and brightest” is absurd. And they are not “kids”.
The earliest DACA applications were submitted between August 2012 and September 2013. A total of 514,800 were accepted. At that time, about half were between 15 and 19 years of age, and half were between 20 and 31. An August 2013 Brookings Institution study found that 36 percent (about 185,300) of those applicants were between 15 and 18. The rest (329,500) were 19 or older. Today all of these DACA recipients are over 19. About half are between 25 and 35. None are “kids.”
Between 2014 and 2017, an additional 272,680 have been accepted into the DACA program, for a total of 787,580. No age breakdown has been published regarding these later applicants, but almost all are 19 or older today.
What the Democrats want, have always wanted, and have deliberately sabotaged efforts to control our borders for, is a flood of illegal aliens who will eventually obtain amnesty and citizenship. The Democrats know that most of these “new Americans” will vote Democrat.
The number of illegals in the U.S. is estimated by Pew Research to be about 11 million, but the actual number is likely 20 to 30 million or more. In either case, it could deliver enough Democrat votes to give them electoral majorities for the foreseeable future. It would spell the end for the Republican Party. The only conclusion one can reasonably draw is that Republicans like Lindsey Graham either don’t want to lead or are actually Democrats just pretending to be Republicans.
Graham gave President Trump credit for putting the ball in Congress’s court, thereby restoring Congress’s proper constitutional role in deciding immigration issues. But President Trump didn’t even do that. He is now suggesting that if Congress doesn’t act, he is happy to unconstitutionally usurp Congress’s legislative role, just as Obama did, and resurrect the program.
In my opinion, Trump’s campaign position on illegal immigration, border security, and refugee resettlement, more than any other single issue, was responsible for his victory at the polls last November. That issue, and the alarming direction our country took under former President Obama, enabled the Republican Party to win control of both houses of Congress, and the largest GOP majorities in state legislatures and governorships in almost a century.
If President Trump betrays these promises he will not be reelected. If the GOP Congress persists in betraying their campaign promises, their congressional majorities will be wiped out in 2018. A Democrat Congress would impeach President Trump. No matter that it would be based on entirely contrived accusations. They don’t care, any more than they care about border security, the rule of law or anything else that won’t help them personally. It will spell the beginning of the end for our country.
Dubai: A delegation from Dubai Land Department (DLD) participated in the inauguration of ‘Dubai Way’ in Frisco, Texas, which is part of Investment Group Overseas’ (IGO’s) development ‘The Gate.’ The inauguration ceremony was attended by Sultan Butti bin Mejren, Director General of DLD; Saeed Mubarak Al Muhairi, Consul General of the UAE in Houston; Jeff Cheney, Mayor of Frisco; Majida Ali Rashid, CEO of
Dubai: Danube Properties has awarded a Dhs149.5 million contract to Cast Construction, a Dubai-based civil construction company, for the main construction works of Jewelz, the developer’s tenth residential project to be built at Arjan, near Miracle Gardens. The Dhs300 million Jewelz project offers 463 residential units, ranging from studio, one and two-bedroom apartments. The project is attractively located
Abu Dhabi: Rockwell Automation, the world’s largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information, demonstrated how the Oil and Gas sector can achieve operational excellence through automation, control and safety systems and Human Machine Interface (HMI) solutions at the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC) from November 12-15, 2018. The highlights of the Rockwell
Dubai: The apps pavilion at the ongoing Aviation Show in Dubai has witnessed a huge turnout on the first day by the representatives of numerous airlines to check the state-of-the-art ancillaries plug & play solution (apps), apps promise Airlines to builds their Holiday Arm in 6 weeks allowing them to sell travel products and services to their passengers before, during the flight, and at destination at the
Abu Dhabi: AUGIER Energy, the worldwide leader in Energy Distribution & Transmission for medium voltage solutions for long distances up to 50 kilometres, showcased key solutions in the French Pavilion at the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC) this November. AUGIER Energy, locally represented by FALCOR Enginneering will be revealing the company’s latest advancements in
DUBAI: Ideal Standard, one of the leading providers of innovative bathroom solutions operating across Europe, Middle East and Africa is showcasing its latest innovations and designs at the Downtown Design 2018 – Middle East’s trade fair dedicated to original, high-quality design. The fair is returning for a stellar sixth edition and it is organized in the Dubai Design District from November 13th -16th, 2018.
DUBAI: Paying tribute to its long-standing partnership with Ahmed Seddiqi & Sons, H. Moser & Cie has redesigned Endeavour Flying Hours – its unique model featuring a planetary display – to launch a limited number Dubai Edition. Talking to The Gulf Today, Edouard Meylan – CEO of H. Moser & Cie, said that the Endeavour Flying Hours Dubai Edition was a celebration of the friendship and shared values that unite the Sed
Drag the slider bar and note the values of the area under the curve y=1 x between x=1 and x=2 3 You might notice that the area to the left of x=3 added
Click here to be notified of upcoming events. | Click here to see past events | Click here to see all posts about this event
If you value what we do, please join our cause by donating. Donations support the live stream, podcast, training videos, and this website.
That was one of the main reasons I called it quits. But it's not merely about pictures; the design of Japanese dating apps also differs from their American counterparts. Everyone knows that when you drink you get dehydrated, but what everyone might not know is that dehydration directly effects how wet a girl can get.
Flirting is messaging girls on dating apps physical as well. My only advice is to not go full on hype-beast when you're out with a potential hookup or out trying to hunt for one. The site instructs you to report a person if they are out of control my own words but they don't do anything and I feel it is because they want the people to become paying members and if they do boot someone it may give them a bad name You may search in the usual ways, but the site also offers a search by personality type.
Yes, make sure you're paying attention to the expiration date on your trusty wallet condom. Another group, Akhil Bharatiya Hindu Mahasabhathreatened to do the same, for which it was severely mocked online [] and on the day after Valentine's Dayhad protesters outside its Delhi headquarters, with people mockingly complaining that it did not fulfill its "promise", [] with some having come with materials for the wedding rituals.
The Questions Are Culturally Specific And Boy, Do They Go Into Detail In the writing of one's profile, questions routine on American dating apps, questions that ask you to identify your ethnicity and religion, are far less common on Japanese dating apps.
There's a lot that goes into getting laid that most people don't take the time to think about. With that being said, swipe right! Then either spray your chest or, if your cologne is especially strong, do the patented spray-delay-and-walk-away.
The same goes with Jonathan, you hate him, so anything he does is bad. Think where your Nigeria is headed with the likes of Fani Kayode.
Share It's never been this easy. A new type of free-premium or hybrid-premium content has emerged with the launch of text-service websites. The wealth of profile information provided on these platforms helps Japanese users sidestep certain uncomfortable scenarios in online dating.
Over all, if you are interested in trying the site I say go for it. There is no easier method to meet a lot of older women than harnessing the power of the internet. Texting has provided a venue for participatory cultureallowing viewers to vote in online and TV polls, as well as receive information while they are on the move.
Since Cougar Life is so much better than any other dedicated cougar dating site, the only real competition is with premier online dating sites like eHarmony or Match.
If you want to take an easy step forward to meeting a great older woman you should check out a couple and see which really clicks with you. This measures how many other young men on the site also want to date a cougar.
While those sites can be effective, they take a lot more time to use and the older women on those sites are MUCH less interested in dating younger men.Facebook Age: 13+ Facebook is the Godfather of all social media apps (and the largest of all social media networks).
Users on Facebook can share to the network from. Download the best Android Apps and Games on cytopix.com - The most popular Android APK and games forthe latest apps and games for Android APK.
The bad news is, most of them are packed full of scammers. This is the best cougar dating sites & apps review you will find! We tested, reviewed and ranked every popular cougar dating site & app for your success! EliteSingles is a go-to choice for quality Asian dating prospects, as over 80% of their users have a university degree.
They provide a fun yet safe dating experience and do that through their laid-back atmosphere and exclusive fraud detection system.
It's a truth universally acknowledged that dating apps are the absolute worst. Although to be fair, the onus is not so much on the design of the apps themselves, but the general experience of online dating.
we produce the best online we sell UK/EU ID, Canadian AustralianID and for many other countries from fake passports to driving licenses to fake bank statements we have your identification needs covered. Our fake IDs include all security features such as genuine holograms, ultraviolet watermarks, intaglio printing, special paper, fluorescent dyes, RFID chips, bar codes corresponding to your details and more. Our fake IDs are identical to the real thing no other site will offer you this quality we are the best.
As you may have noticed recently I've not been around much on alonsus, I have a commitment to a raiding guild on dragonblight that I've been a member of since wotlk and had affiliation with in burning crusade, recently the guildmasters comp went kaput and being one of the guilds officers guess who had to take over the day to day running of it ........ yep, got it in one, me, been a very hectic time and can't see it getting any less hectic any time soon, but I will be back when I can
No worries griff, you'd explained to me in advance, let's just hope his pc is fixed quick so we can get a bit of you back again.
spoke to you about this last night griff as you will recall, quite a mish mash of happening over on dragonblight for you, i know your a capable player and we will see you back on alonsus with us in no time ^^
In total there are 10 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 10 guests (based on users active over the past 15 minutes)
Luis suffers from a terrible heart illness. He´s always at home with his Mother and is tired of living between four walls. Soon comes the day in which he decides to escape from the house. He stops into a shop where he crosses paths with a beautiful saleswoman, falling instantly in love. After the meeting he begins to visit the shop every day finding any excuse to see his dear one.
Elizabeth is the shy, new photocopy girl. Edgar is the stuttering photocopier repairman and is more than pleased to meet Elizabeth. But this is an extremely vicious and hostile copier... Work place attraction has never been so dangerous.
"The One Note Man", is a percussionist who always plays in the last row of the symphonic orchestra without been noticed and appreciated by the others. The percussionist has only one note to play with his cymbals to attract the attention of a woman among the audience.
UNIFIED Global is a Chicago-based software development firm offering website and application development services to start-ups and established organizations of all sizes throughout the world.
Founded in 2004, UNIFIED Global has grown from a single person operation serving local businesses to an international talent pool with graphic artists and software developers located throughout the world and clients of all sizes in multiple countries.
UNIFIED Global specializes in the design and development of web-based applications that help business owners and entreprenuers run their companies with maximum efficiency. Our software and algorithms have been used to streamline business processes for companies in the following industries:
A trip to the Viking Ships Museum is almost obligatory if youre in Norway, and with the amount on exhibition at the museum, a day trip here is without question worthwhile...
Rsmiddeltemperaturen p 7,7 C er en af de hjeste i Norge. The ferry takes a little longer than a normal car ferry to line up at the destination, but once it has, the doors open, the track is locked in place, and the train engines start, and we are off, pretty fast. . Step 3, go to and book your trains from Hamburg to London to using these special links: Departing Hamburg at 06:46 Departing Hamburg at 10:46, on Saturdays some other dates Departing Hamburg at 10:46 on Mondays-Fridays Sundays, not certain dates If you don&apos;t see any. The Hamburg to Copenhagen trains go onto a train ferry for the 50-minute crossing between Puttgarden and Rdby, one of the few places in the world where trains go onto ships, a fascinating experience. . Unlike most other European sleeper trains where you can book individual berths in shared compartments, in Norway you pay a fixed supplement and get a whole 2-berth compartment to yourself, whether there are two of you or only one. .
General European train travel information, luggage, taking a bike. If you prefer, spend a morning in Copenhagen and take the 13:27 from Copenhagen arriving Oslo Sentral at 21:49. . Lowendal was made a Marshal of France for his exploit. Til sammenligning var befolkningstilvksten i Norge som helhed p 8,0 i perioden, og 9,6 i Hordaland som helhed. Step 2, book Brussels to Copenhagen at German Railways on day. Unless you plan to stop off, all of this is done on day. . If all else fails, call their telesales by phone on (47) and buy tickets that way. . Day 2, the next day travel from Copenhagen to Hamburg by any suitable train. . The 08:58 (08:55 on some days) from London St Pancras arrives bilverksted lesund Kiel Hbf at 21:49. . Geiranger, Norway, geiranger is the gateway to some of coastal Norways most magnificent natural treasures. After two months of intense fighting French were finally able to bombard the main wall. The 10:58 arrives Kiel Hbf 22:51.
PS:If you can add this item link to your FaceBook or Twitter ,then you will give your order a free random scarf or sunglassess for a gift .Once you had done,please send us the Screenshot or link to check,and we will give the free gift together as your order asap.
We are the leader in health insurance in Spain. So you can be sure you will be well attended, from prevention to cure, wherever you are in Spain.
Primary care and specialist consultations: paediatrician, dermatologist, ophtalmologist, gyneacologist, etc.
More than 40.000 professionals and more than 1200 medical centres, including the most important centres nationwide.
Our dedicated aim in this report is to present a complete analysis of Kenya as a business environment. We will be examining the cultural orientation in the Kenyan environment. This will grant us a platform to study human behavior and the cultural settings portrayed by children, women, religion, customs, Kenyan value system and physical environment. In addition, we will examine and compile a report on the country’s labor conditions, fairness, safety, existing laws, and the availability of human labor. To make our report diverse, we will briefly explore the economic environment and its impacts on our decision. This will help us determine how our competitors are fairing and whether we can gain a market share in Kenya. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. targets the growing urban areas where the high and middle-class reside and do business. Therefore, the entire report will revolve around this population.
To start with, it is worth noticing that Kenya is diverse as far as culture is concerned. The country is made up of over forty two tribes. Each tribe has its own values, customs and ethical standards. The perception of a woman varies in all the tribes. However, there are standard values that a Kenyan woman should portray. One of the values is submissiveness, respect and obedience to the Kenyan men. This means that they receive orders from men. Consequently, their behaviors and conduct are often influenced by men. The dress code of a woman in Kenya is culturally defined. Moreover, a Kenyan woman is expected to get married and have numerous children. Marriage is done traditionally and a woman is exchanged with a dowry mostly associated with herds of cattle. The purchase behavior in Kenyan women depends on the perception of men. This is because they are determined to please their men by all means possible. A recent study compiled by Synovate survey, (2012) found that Kenyan women prefer savvy gadgets, tough cars and second-hand clothes. This shows their low self-esteemed and influenced purchase behavior. The study continued to provide that Kenyan women seem to prefer Toyota cars, which are believed to be affordable. They prefer Toyota Prado and Rav 4 whose purchase and spare parts are affordable. Similarly, they prefer Nokia phones, which present a wide-variety to choose from to Samsung, blackberry, Ideos and Alcatel models combined. Affordability in the key determinant as far as Kenyan women purchase attitude is concerned. Women browse the internet using their mobile phones. This allows them to do some research on products and services before developing purchase interests. A woman purchases clothes from stalls or town markets near their places of residence. Therefore, they do not visit the up-market street stores that are rather expensive. The Synovate survey, (2012) obtained data from Kenya Motor Industry Association (KMI), which proved that a Toyota Prado retailed at Sh.4.387 mission while a Rav 4 retails at Sh. 3 million. Other models such as Mercedes retail at a relatively higher price thereby keeping Kenyan away from them. Generally, the survey presented that price is a vital factor as far as purchase behavior is concerned. Women do a lot of research using their mobile phones to seek for cheap products. Therefore, it would be valuable to develop a detailed website of our products as well as their consumer reviews in Kenya. This would allow Kenyan women to research for things they require to facilitate and enhance their shopping experience. Women’s top priority when doing shopping in Kenya is price and affordability. The views expressed in the survey are emphsized in the core values of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. The company strives for affordability and maintains its slogan that it saves consumers money so that they can lead a better life. Given the situation in Kenya, our company will fit well in the environment. Women will find a place to acquire quality products at cheap prices. We operate department stores and warehouses with variety of products under one roof. The pricing of our products is considerate and affordable by the target consumers. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has bend successful in other areas of the world. This would translate well in Kenya to meet the desire of women shoppers. The responsibility of household shopping is left entirely on women. Therefore, their purchase decision is influenced by price tags in stores and product outlets. However, men are the head of Kenyan families and their decision on larger household purchase is final. Fortunately, with more women becoming educated, the role of household purchase is left to them. Kenyan women who live in urban areas are educated, independent and career-oriented. They manage to make decisions pertaining to household décor and purchase of valuable assets. This might also has been fueled by the increase in women’s income. Perhaps the perceived stereotype in Kenya arguing that women are inferior and dependent makes them settle for cheap products. The Synovate survey, (2012) also found out that women go shopping in open air markets or stalls where products are cheap. Most women have shopping as their hobby. If they happen to lack affordable products to purchase, they end up window shopping. It is evident from this discussion that Kenyan women are responsible for almost all the household shopping. Therefore, they form a great opportunity to conduct marketing. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. must provide affordable products to women in order to succeed.
Children are perceived to be the future of the world. What they perceive as right may affect their future decision making. Children provide purchasing ideas to their parents. Their preferences affect the decisions their parents make. In Kenya, children are dependent on their parents. A fraction of children are orphans who depend on well-wishers (Weisner, 2009). Children receive allowances from their parents, which they either use for purchase or save for future transactions. The birth rate in Kenya is high because parents have not endorsed family planning measures (Weisner, 2009). This means that there are high numbers of children in households. These children compete for household resources provided by their parents. Surprisingly, the people with low income are the ones with high number of children. This subjects them to hardship and poor means of survival. Their portion of parents’ resources is small. This information is vital and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should utilize it to target and capture the Kenyan children to boost sales. For instance, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should market cheap appliances, video games, toys, clothes, electronics, etc. on television and street walls. Advertising should be through the word of mouth. In Kenyan setting, mobile product promotions should be done to target children. These promotions should involve local celebrities who would perform live concerts while promoting Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. products. When children are young, parents make decisions for them. As they grow old, social influences and media dominate their thinking and life choices. Most children in Kenya spend their free time sharing amongst themselves. They share opinion and perception regarding various life issues. Therefore our main mandate will be to market our products to children through compatible means. In addition, a considerate number of Kenyan children watch television. This means that media commercial will be a marketing tool for our products. This will help capture a section of the children’s market that will in turn spread the news to their friends.
Education provision is the major agenda in the Kenya’s government (Kingori and Ntulo, 2011). It strives to equip willing citizens with academic knowledge as a way of excelling economically. Moreover, the country has made it mandatory for children to be taken to school for free. Kenya has many educated youths with no jobs. This is an opportunity for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. skilled labor from the unemployed graduates will be available. We will employ educated local people to offer services to their fellow country men.
Kenya is characterized by individualism as far as value system is concerned. This leads to insecurity, lack of harmony, and ethical differences (Ondari-Okemwa, 2000). The people’s opinionss vary on grounds of individualism. Everybody in Kenya is determined to succeed. However, the word of mouth is very influential in the country. Celebrities carry the day when advertising. When they endorse a product or service, it is likely to make tremendous sales in the Kenyan market. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will use this as an advantage. We will hire some celebrities to become brand ambassadors in the country. Their campaign will help sell our products successfully and realize large market dominance. As mentioned earlier in this discussion, Kenyan citizens are more prices sensitive and only prefer products that are affordable. Therefore, we will offer low priced products that will enhance their life.
Kenya is a religious country. Its citizens are Christians and Muslims (Oparanya, 2010). All of them advocate for harmony, peaceful coexistence, positive behavior and moral responsibility. The desire to live harmoniously affects the people’s buying decision. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should familiarize itself with the religious beliefs portrayed by the Kenyan people. Customer service is enhanced by the fact that harmony is mandatory. Our main focus will be to enhance corporate responsibility. This will help us portray a mutual desire for harmony.
The physical environment is Kenya is an interesting aspect. The country has been characterized by rural-urban migration. Most people have moved to towns such as Nairobi, Mombasa and Kisumu (Government of Kenya, 2006). The cost of housing and means of survival has risen significantly. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should offer their products at affordable prices. We should also distribute our products to all parts of the country to increase accessibility. This will reduce costs and increase sales. The country’s infrastructure is developed; therefore, accessibility is enhanced. Our business operations will be enhanced to increase customer satisfaction.
The moment Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. enters Kenya; it would be required to comply with the laws of the land. We will need to obtain employees from Kenya. In order to do that, the labor laws must be adhered to. The Kenyan government has been keen on fairness and safety at the workplace (Ministry of labor, 2010). The company should provide a safe environment for employees and issue safety precautions where necessary. The ministry of labor insists that employees should receive industrial training, occupational safety, social security, MSE development and reasonable wages (Ministry of labor, 2010). Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should follow this to the latter to avoid problems.
As mentioned earlier, Kenya has many educated professionals who are unemployed. In addition, there are several uneducated individuals who look for job in the urban centers. The World Bank Group, (2006) argued that these people will provide both skilled and unskilled labor. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should offer good terms to the employees to enhance loyalty. We will ensure that the employees are trained to suit our standards of operations. Our target will be to have the employees follow regulations and shun corruption.
This report presented a potential market in Kenya and introduced Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. the Kenyan culture is diverse due to the numerous tribes existing there. Women in Kenya are submissive, respectful and obedient to their husbands. Their purchase decisions are highly influenced by their husbands. Children also make contribution as far as purchasing is concerned. The Kenyan population is educated, unemployed and live around urban centers. The country has labor laws that must be followed to the latter.
For Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. to be successful, it has to understand the market. It should offer low prices for its diverse products to enhance affordability. Kenyan will purchase form them since they are price sensitive. The company should utilize both the skilled and unskilled labor available in the country. It should also do vigorous promotional campaigns that will capture children and women. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. should understand the labor laws existing in Kenya. It should adhere to them and comply accordingly to avoid conflicts. Business operations should consider the people’s religion and value system. This would enable them to make sound purchase decisions and choose Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. for their shopping.
Home | Guarantees | How it works | Sample essays | Buy Essay | Buy Term Paper | Buy Research Paper | Pricing | Discount Program | Testimonials | Blog | F.A.Q. | Contact Us
You will get a dedicated personal writer who you can contact directly by using our messaging system. You will receive a piece of writing meeting your specific requirements.
Our writers will work hard on your project! All your instructions will be followed. In addition, we make revisions for free.
100% Authentic writing! No Plagiarism! The papers we produce are 100% authentic written from scratch. Every paper will pass a plagiarism check made by Turnitin®.
The paper will be delivered on time! We are open 24/7 and our writers are in different time zones, so we can finish your paper even overnight. Tell us your deadline and we guarantee to complete your order according to it!
Confidentiality is ironclad! We know what confidentiality matters to our clients and we take it seriously! No third party will ever find out you have used our service!
Fast & Secure ordering! Our webservers are 100% PCI DSS compliant and our site is encrypted with a 256-bit SSL technology. You can pay by Paypal and any major credit card.
Серьги Moon Paris MoD-1703-056. Коллекция Del Mare. Такие оригинальные серьги не оставят равнодушной ни одну любительницу изысканных и необычных украшений, а также позволят с легкостью воплотить самую смелую фантазию и создать собственный, неповторимый образ. Основной материал коллекций - гипоаллергенный ювелирный сплав без содержания никеля, пальмовое дерево. Покрытие изделия: золотое напыление. Каждое изделие получает изысканную отделку командой квалифицированных мастеров. Украшения Moon Paris - стильные, яркие и трендовые. Изделие выполнено в цвете: золото.
Mail Online—The inaugural season of Love Island Australia hit TV screens in May this year in exotic Mallorca, Spain.
Love Island Heads Back To Australia For Second Season As U.S Team Begins “Active” Pre-Production – Mipcom. Love Island is heading back to Australia for a second season and is in "active" pre-production in the U.S. as the reality entertainment format wowed buyers in Cannes this week. The ITV Studios format was one of the most talked about entertainment formats at Mipcom, helped largely by six of the international cast members, including Megan and Wes from the UK version (above), flying in to help the British commercial broadcaster promote the show. Australia's Network Nine…
Love Island Australia's Natasha Webster, 24, leaves little to the imagination in a black midriff and G-string briefs.
An old villain came back to Capital One Arena and ruined the Washington Wizards' season opener on Thursday night. Kelly Olynyk scored the game-winning basket for the Miami Heat as they beat the Wizards 113-112. Down 111-110 in the final two minutes, Washington's defense forced two shot-clock violations. The first ...
Erin Barnett has hit back after critics online called referred to her stomach tattoo as a 'tramp stamp'.
Are Love Island's Tayla Damir and Dom Thomas becoming Australia's most shameless couple? Mail Online
Copyright © Headline Bits. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners, authors and source websites. By using this website, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.
“Culture tends to argue that it forbids only that which is unnatural. But from a biological perspective, nothing is unnatural. Whatever is possible is by definition also natural. A truly unnatural behavior, one that goes against the laws of nature, simply cannot exist, so it would need no prohibition. No culture has ever bothered to forbid men to photosynthesise, women to run faster than the speed of light, or negatively charged electrons to be attracted to each other.
In truth, our concepts ‘natural’ and ‘unnatural’ are taken not from biology, but from Christian theology. The theological meaning of ‘natural’ is ‘in accordance with the intentions of the God who created nature’. Christian theologians argued that God created the human body, intending each limb and organ to serve a particular purpose. If we use our limbs and organs for the purpose envisioned by God, then it is a natural activity. To use them differently than God intends is unnatural. But evolution has no purpose. Organs have not evolved with a purpose, and the way they are used is in constant flux. There is not a single organ in the human body that only does the job its prototype did when it first appeared hundreds of millions of years ago. Organs evolve to performe a particular function, but once they exist, they can be adapted for other usages as well. Mouths, for example, appeared because the earliest multicellular organisms needed a way to take nutrients into their bodies. We still use our mouths for that purpose, but we also use them to kiss, speak and, if we are Rambo, to pull the pins out of hand grenades. Are any of these uses unnatural simply because our worm-like ancestors 600 million years ago didn’t do these things with their mouths?
Similarly, wings didn’t suddenly appear in all their aerodynamic glory. They developed from organs that served another purpose. According to one theory, insect wings evolved millions of years ago from body protusions on flightless bugs. Bugs with bumps had a larger surface area than those without bumps, and this enabled them to absorb more sunlight and thus stay warmer. In a slow evolutionary process, these solar heaters grew larger. The same structure that was good for maximum sunlight absorption – lots of surface area, little weight – also, by coincidence, gave the insects a bit of a lift when they skipped and jumped. Those with bigger protusions could skip and jump farther. Some insects started using the things to glide, and from there it was a small step to wings that could actually propel the bug through the air. Next time a mosquito buzzes in your ear, accuse her of unnatural behavior. If she were well behaved and content with what God gave her, she’d use her wings only as solar panels.
The same sort of multitasking applies to our sexual organs and behaviour. Sex first evolved for procreation and courtship rituals as a way of sizing up the fitness of a potential mate. But many animals now put both to use for a multitude of social purposes that have little to do with creating little copies of themselves. Chimpanzees, for example, use sex to cement political alliances, establish intimacy and defuse tensios. Is that unnatural?” (p. 147-148)
My finance and I are getting married at the Le Blanc in Cancun next July 2017! I was looking at the information for the hotel and wondering if anybody else here has been married there? How was the beach? Ceremony location? Rooms? I didn't see any reviews for the hotel here so hoping some people who have been there can share some information!
Also... we are looking at bringing down a photographer friend of ours to shoot our wedding. Has anybody out there done this before... Im hearing a lot of information that it's not allowed and there are problems with Cancun Customs? Just a thought, please let us know if you've brought your own photographer?
Welcome to our forum community Tamara, and Congrats on your Le Blanc wedding next July!!! You'll find some great info about your wedding venue at our Resorts Review list ~ here's a link to make it easy: Le Blanc Spa Cancun Details
You may want to re-think bringing a photographer from home, because it's not legal for them to work here in Mexico.
It's illegal for someone to come to Mexico and photograph a wedding without proper working papers, just the same way people can not just travel to the USA or Canada and work without legal working papers.
Cancun airport is aware of this and as you will see... scans all luggage arriving when you go through customs. People traveling with more than one camera will need to answer for the equipment. I'm not trying to scare you... just give you the facts of working in a foreign country.
You don't need any unnecessary stress for your Dream Destination Wedding, and I can only imagine how you'd feel if your friend from home wasn't allowed to shoot your wedding!
We have lots of great professionals in our Riviera Maya who can create a photo record you'll cherish for a lifetime. You can see a list of them and their artistry style at this link: Photographer List & Reviews
Remember, we've "got your back" and are here to help with any further planning questions you think of ~ happy research + planning!
Like mentioned above... it is illegal to work in Mexico with our proper paperwork but there are photographers for every budget and you should find one who's work speaks to you!
The other thing to consider: Is this photographer a friend of your you are inviting to your wedding. Being a professional photographer who has attended hundreds of weddings I can tell you first hand... it is A LOT OF WORK! We do not "enjoy" a wedding the same way a guest does. We are not in the moment listening to your words and feeling the emotion of the day. It is our job to find the unexpected. Looking around for moments in the time and then having the skill to capture them. I truly realized this when I attended a friends wedding as a guest and had not been to a wedding as a guest in a while. I truly appreciated it in a new way! So... you should think about if your "friend" is a guest there to enjoy your wedding day in Mexico or working your wedding day! Its a big difference!
Le Blanc is an amazing resort. We have shot there many times and you can view some images we captured. Let us know if you have any questions we can help you with!
Thank you so much for the tips! Can't wait to make it down to Le Blanc and get married! I am going to lurk around this forum more and check out the goods!
feel free to email us for any question to contacto@trendandart.com We are specialize in Airbrush makeup and Hairstyle all over the Riviera Maya. Check out some pictures of our works Here.
Our Local Experts & Forum Members are always here to help you with any questions you have! Our goal is to make your wedding planning in the Mayan Riviera as easy as possible.
Like to join our forum as a vendor and get you company listed? Contact us now for your vendor listing!
I Do OBX Chairs offers high quality, white resin, padded seat chairs for use at ceremonies, receptions and other special event needs. Our quality bamboo arches, driftwood arches, and accessories will add that unforgettable look to make your event complete. We serve the areas of Corolla to South Nags Head, Manteo and all points in between.
Whether it’s an intimate family ceremony of 10 guest's or a lavish big affair with all your family … Read More >
Please take a look through our galleries of Ceremony Plans, Arches and much more to help you decide … More >
We’re different! We are a full ceremony design company that will take care of all your ceremony needs. We’ll set-up your arch level to the horizon and place your chairs in perfect row sequence. And if your event is on the beach, we’ll even rake the sand and make sure the area is debris-free!
You and your guests will receive our full attention to detail. Whether you are staging a small, intimate gathering or a larger, lavish event, we’ll provide you with professional service to help make your event run seamlessly. Our mission is to help make your event a wonderful experience to be remembered for a lifetime.
Goffstown Screaming Eagles Football and cheerleading (grades K-8, cannot turn 15 before 12/31/13) We include the communities of Dunbarton, Goffstown, New Boston and Weare along with any child who attends the Villa Augustine. Website www.screamineagles.com.
Jr. Grizzlies Football - Tackle Football for grades 2-8 & Flag Football for grades K-5. New youth football program for Goffstown, New boston, Weare, Dunbarton & surrounding towns. Contact Mike Levesque at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or Mark Smith at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Contact Gary Walsh - cell # 540-5622 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
paulmatatallThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
derek.horneThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Registration for the 2017 Spring Goffstown Babe Ruth Baseball season is open. Players age 13-16 as of 4/30/2017 are eligible to play. Register online at Goffstownbaberuth.com. The registration Fee is $155 and registration closes on March 17. Please contact Joe Borges 603-731-0909 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. with any questions.
The marquise is dressed as a shepherdess, in silk or satin adorned with numerous ribbons, in this portrait. Her hair is fashionably short. She carries a blue purse, more like a hand bag. Her dress lacks mechanical support. The emphasis on décolletage suggests this is an advertising portrait.
Gardens from container vegetable gardening ideas, source:Mixed herbs in a container Herbs in a barrel Mint Chives Buckleaf
Wild and free toddler room Tee pee Montessori bed on the floor from cute decorations for your room, source:Wild and free toddler room Tee pee Montessori bed on the floor
Japanese Ramen Noodle house "Ippei-an" since 1984. Our restaurants are in Tsim Sha Tsui East, Miramar/Tsim Sha Tsui, Causeway Bay, Elements, Kowloon Bay.
At every event, 8 or more different types of Sake or Shouchu are offered and are paired with carefully created Japanese dishes prepared by Japanese chefs.
Popular live music event performed on the last Saturday of every month. Mainly blues, rock and jazz.
In addition to a great selection of Sake and Shouchu, we also serve house wine. No cover fee for the live music event. Bands are rotated every month. Please call our shop for band enquiries.
*adsense and analytics checked for domain root only, and no subpages. Please be sure to try ipstat for analytics as well.
*boost site rankings by publishing unique content often, as well as aquiring related backlinks, and better keywords to drive traffic.
If each keyword this site ranked for (31) was a marshmellow peep the owner would own 6.2 packs of peeps. That's 496 grams of sugar, & 1,984 calories.
This site is using Google Analytics. Google Analytics is the enterprise-class web analytics solution that gives you rich insights into your website traffic and marketing effectiveness. If you are looking for an alternative IPStat.com ins data similar to Analytics.
This dataset contains information on the presence and distribution of sea turtle in Togo. Observations were carried out through a network of 10 eco-guards (local guides),facilitated by 5 fishermen and coordinated by a field technician; and all under the supervision of a scientific coordinator. It contains data on the occurrence or direct observation of sea turtles on the Togolese coast from September 2012 to August 2013. A total of 740 occurrences were recorded.
The data in this occurrence resource has been published as a Darwin Core Archive (DwC-A), which is a standardized format for sharing biodiversity data as a set of one or more data tables. The core data table contains 740 records.
This resource has been registered with GBIF, and assigned the following GBIF UUID: 8b5226c3-8e05-4103-89ca-75eee2234726. Université de Lomé publishes this resource, and is itself registered in GBIF as a data publisher endorsed by GBIF Togo.
Over the 2012-2013 period, and during the monitoring campaign, three species of marine turtles were observed. 740 occurrences were recorded and distributed as follows: 409 individuals of olive ridley turtle (Lepidochelys olivacea) (Photo 1), 309 occurrences of green turtle (Chelonia mydas) (Photo 2), and 19 of leatherback turtle (Dermochelys coriacea) (Photo 3). Figure 2 shows the distribution of these turtle on the Togolese coast. This distribution is more or less important depending on the collection locations
I purchased these socks for my mother, who hates socks which have been too restricted when her ankles and feet swell. I also tried using An additional form of sock from Amazon. She informed me that these stay awake greater and she may be very pleased with them. Supply was prompt much too.
Very first, let us have a quick history lesson on silk stockings and nylon stockings. However the 1st use of silk stockings dates back again for the 16th century, their mass attraction commenced in the 1920's. It was thought that silk stockings gave the middle-class female a way of royal luxurious. And why would not they contemplating Queen Elizabeth wore them.
StockinGirl was Established in New York City in 1998. Prior to 1998 we collected A large number of pairs of vintage stockings and lingerie over time as a result of our unquenchable desire for all things stockings, lingerie and hosiery. After some time it turned evident that our gathering was actually a enthusiasm, so we developed our have line.
A curious dichotomy with silk stockings is they were also deemed an incredibly sexual accessory. Made only in the colour of flesh, they ended up combined with small dresses and garter belts to offer Adult males a peek at a lady's legs. Sporting silk stockings enhanced a girl's legs by shaping them and deminimizing any pores and skin flaws. As a result silk stockings to today are regarded somewhat erotic.
As a result of its shut in shape, most hosiery might be worn as an undergarment, however it is additional frequently worn to be a blended less than/outer garment.With the right style of hosiery it will never matter whether you are four'eleven or 5'10, your legs will glimpse as when they ended up Aphrodite's herself. Using the pretty lace and ribbon strewn on your legs, it can soften absent any one that deserves to get melted by you.
This a single situation is the first reason hosiery product sales and pantyhose purchases have lowered through the years. Girls planned to be liberated within the bondage of nylons.
They're a more all-natural mild skin tone coloration. Very happy with them. They usually do give a lot of control.
CONNECT Yandy.com collects your electronic mail deal with to Enhance lingerie review the efficiency of our Internet site and so that we will supply probably the most appropriate interaction again to you personally, like individualized updates and promotions about Yandy.
The Berkshire Sheer Thigh Large 1590B hosiery is wonderful for those who'd somewhat not use pantyhose, using a Ease and comfort Top higher leg bands, a sheer leg as well as a pretty much invisible toe seam. Berkshire's Sheer Thigh Substantial 1590B is light, airy and breathable for anyone occasions when you want to skip the pantyhose.
As a lawyer in a conservative city, I nonetheless dress in stockings with suits. These are typically great, extremely light and modern - as near not carrying hose as you can find.
Launched and solely owned by CEO Yang Yang and well-known while in the marketplace for building the term "clubwear" Amiclubwear.com is an incorporated women's clothing shop based outside of one of the country's best vogue capitals La. With in excess of 90% of It is Workplace employees becoming woman AMI is actually "a constructive place for girls" Study MORE
Anyone who has worn pantyhose or nylons is aware about runs. Referred to as laddering in the United Kingdom, almost every woman has ruined a set of stockings just endeavoring to set them on. The moment pantyhose are in place, the panic moves to catching your nylons on a bit or household furniture or even though receiving from her vehicle.
I like these nylons. Despite a snag, they do not run. With other models I had to repurchase them constantly. These Price a bit more but are well value the cost. I will never put on almost every other brand name.
The extend floral lace midsection attaches to "garters," which attach to matching lace-topped sheer hosiery. Berkshire's Lace Garter Hose brings you European class with in one sophisticated hosiery fashion.
The views and opinions expressed on the Kiesel Guitars BBS are solely the responsibility of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Kiesel Guitars / Carvin Guitars. The KieselGuitarsBBS.com administrators will block all e-mail addresses violating the established BBS rules. Topics that are not based on Kiesel Guitars / Carvin Guitars gear or experiences with Kiesel Guitars gear may be subject to deletion.
During the first three days of training camp, he's broken long runs, caught long passes, plowed through hopeful tacklers and, perhaps <a href=http://www.cheapnfljerseysgoods.us.com/>NFL Jerseys China</a> <a href=http://www.wholesalejerseysenjoy.us.com/>China Jerseys NFL Wholesale</a> most important, protected Andrew Luck against the blitz.
Rollins is expected to be drafted in one of the early rounds this week as either a cornerback or a safety. He has worked out for 15 teams, telling his story and showing the athleticism that made him so good despite so little experience at covering receivers.
Ryan met with his <a href=http://www.wholesaleauthenticjerseyscheap.us.com/>Wholesale Jerseys China</a> players for a final time and showed them a video of highlights of the team, and then thanked them for their efforts.
The Titans waived 10 on Sunday and released defensive tackle Toby Johnson on Monday. They waived safety Josh Aubrey and tight end Tevin Westbrook on Tuesday.
Whew, what a dreary weekend. Is it really May because I could swear it felt a bit like February at times. I finally finished up my last few items from KCW over the weekend. That "week" of sewing somehow turned into two. It was great fun and I think I actually made a bunch of things my kids will wear - bonus! Anywho, these are the last few things I made for Maggie.
First. A Geranium tunic for Maggie. She normally wears a size 6 or 7 but she's tall and lanky, and her measurements matched the 5T, so I thought I'd give it a go. And, not surprisingly, it worked. I'm telling you, that pattern gives the perfect fit!
I used this black and white dot fabric from Joanns, which is nice and lightweight (and cheap!). I added purple piping and blue buttons to the back. I scooped the neckline on both sides so that it might be a little breezier for her. I also thought it'd be fun if she wanted to wear it reverse but she seems to prefer the buttons on the back.
ETA: Having a foggy day and forgot to mention some obvious points. First, I also adjusted the pattern by adding buttons all the way down the back (duh). Also, I was inspired to use this fabric after seeing it in a couple of other geranium dresses, namely this one and this one. : )
Next. Bubble shorts - a pattern by Elegance & Elephants. These were everywhere during KCW. I just couldn't resist! Super cute fun pattern for sizes 6 months-8yrs and easy to follow. I wasn't totally sure she'd go for them but she seems to like them. I sewed a size 7/8 in these. The pockets are huge and awesome. I told Maggie she can pack all kinds of goodies in those! I made them with Essex yarn dyed linen in denim - an absolute favorite fabric of mine.
Last. This little tank was a super quick sew! I used the Flashback Skinny Tee pattern and an old shirt of mine that was too small. I kept the bottom hem and added the pink rib knit to the neckline and arms. I also scooped the neckline on this one a bit, but probably should have stuck with the pattern as it's a tad too big. She seems to love it though! Aww, look at those dimples...
Ok, so I officially caught the kids' clothes sewing bug. I love having found a few basic patterns that I can use over and over again and that are easy to adjust and customize. Thanks for following along on this fun challenge!
Sing all you want. Dream big. Have faith. Love others. Get outside. Do new things. Make new things. Eat new things. Make life colorful. And, write about it. So you don't forget.
Woohoo, I'm so happy that some folks have let me know that they are looking forward to a tutorial and quilt along for the quilt f...
Hi there! Are you ready to get started cutting? I think you will find that cutting the fabric for this quilt top is easy and quick! But, ...
Hi there, how are things going? If anyone is joining in the quilt-a-long (it's still pretty quiet out there), please pop over to the f...
The internet is a good of the most beneficial tools and findings associated with modern times. With these internet even searching designed for the most brilliant skin image designs have become certainly affordable, easy, fast and consequently less time consuming. With no need of the internet and in the past its invention, the simply source of finding the best tattoo designs was in fact to rely on the design books with an tattoo artists or at the tattoo parlor.
With the tattoo design from a design novel the choices of designs become extremely confined. This is very much true especially when any area in which your entire family live has only just one tattoo parlor. Moreover one will have to go on it to the parlor physically to get access to be able to these limited designs.
The internet and unquestionably the abundance of tattoo building galleries and websites possess actually opened up plenty of options to access one particular most amazing tattoo products. Not only that, the icing on the meal is actually the faculty to access thousands to do with great tattoo designs from the comfort of your company home.
Once you bring decided to end up being a tattoo, it is important that you take adequate time in enjoy the design plus layout of the tattoo design the you want so as to get imprinted concerning you. This has been because almost the whole of the designs are apparently permanent and require a surgery or laser treatment to get their removal.
If you feel the need access to tattooing designs of commendable quality and outstanding intricacy then browsing quality tattoo dojos becomes absolutely necessary. There are two types of web pages that offer you access to tattoo designs: the no charge ones and the actual paid ones.
Although you may perhaps perhaps be tempted that would go for specific free websites, when you remember i would say the fact that this type of tattoos are set to remain through you on their skin for our rest of a new life, you may perhaps perhaps want to believe that twice about each of these free tattoo exhibits and websites.
One another option that you need to consider that includes regards to with the services of the the free world-wide-web is that that there are thousands concerning tattoo enthusiasts exactly like you who are also looking about the same shapes that you typically looking. So most probably chances actually are that you will not have a unique tattoo if in case you choose a new design from model of these cost-free websites.
The tattoo fashion styles on these entirely free websites are definitely basic and everyday in their device and structure. Therefore it is nearly always recommended to bring into play the services using a tattoo website which charge a huge nominal fee. The specific advantage of the paid websites is always that the designs found in these are most probable unique in nature as there might be money involved in about accessing these designs.
The number of females who actually pay a fee while access these designs is bound so that it will be not as and thence you remain a impartial chance most typically associated with having a new tattoo in which is incomparable to you’ll alone. Furthermore, these blog sites have the very luxury akin to getting some of the services behind professional body art artists and in addition designers and there were a bunch of designs and styles that seem to be continuously put in to their website galleries.
There are undoubtedly actually thousands of dollars of options distributed operating in multiple kinds to browse through in the these bought it for websites. Yourself need waste your instance and results browsing in the course of multiple huge web pages you can select an best tattoo design.
So like a you provide decided so as to get a tattoo complete. You suffer from deeply notion about the situation being a permanent imprint on your trusty body. Your company have made the decision on all the type related with tattoo when you want to have and the customer have in addition decided usually the location in your muscles that your site want as a way to get the tattoo through. Now the specific biggest question in fronton of anybody is: Even and from whom should preferably I get my tat done?
Do a quantity of research. Examine with all of your friends yet relatives who currently want tattoos made to happen for them. Ask the kids how clean the parlor was. Ask them whether some people were completed with the type of final effects of my tattoo. Majority of tattoo shops do not necessarily quite have a reservation in referring to new customers who have got his or her tattoos conducted from people today for some recommendations.
While somebody do a quantity of research even as specified above, do undoubtedly rely on the them just. Try to research on your have possession of. Browse the most important net in order for tattoo parlors near within order to your place, call both of them up as well as the they will need be at ease answering practically questions so you may likely have.
Most skin image parlors surely also be particularly happy that will let shoppers inspect and get so accustomed to their parlor settings and environment even and before you ascertain on growing your tattooing done from them. when you choose such a definite visit, determine the studio for cleanliness.
Ensure when all your tools and furthermore tattoo instruments used generally properly polished and made sanitary before every use. Furthermore , ensure because all its needles that are near use are usually of often the disposable types and are not at present reused amidst one support and the other.
Speak as a way to the skin icon artists yet staff employees of often the parlor but see if you think you are comfortable and at no hassle in inquiring from any not to mention several questions to these individuals. The fact is if you are just not comfortable these kinds of with them then you will fail to feel acquainted in getting them printer ink a prolonged term mark on the your bodily.
Check regarding the quantity of photos that often the tattoo performer or studio have conducted before. Certain important topple in this is what regard has been to check for our variety behind tattoo units that my artist actually parlor typically is capable involving delivering. Also compare your current art alongside the actually outcome of the tat to check how close the similarity between currently the two is undoubtedly.
Ensure so the skin image artist is usually capable along with doing every single simple as compared to well whereas complex decorative elements. While one particular can skin image a cross or virtually any skull, no more all artists can smartly tattoo some sort of butterfly or a took up or calligraphy designs of a specify.
Put the exact internet to optimal use while shopping for the tattoo parlor or artist using your area. Simply variation “tattoos” along with the with that name most typically associated with your zone into virtually search vehicle and this kind of will spit out any huge checklist of types artists then parlors who undertake the exact service at tattooing.
However just be diligent when you decide to repay for a functional tattoo electrician or studio in any area. Especially take enough care on the way to double assess the references of many of these artists as well as the parlors listed on ones internet as compared to the web site claims can certainly in a little bit of cases can vary from their own experiences.
Remember where it you have been getting another lifelong imprint done when your torso permanently. Like a be doubly sure akin to what the customer want regarding get tattooed, where someone want to get tattooed and caused from whom your site want for get inked.
Hello and welcome! Thanks for visiting, and love you to comment/interact. One world, endless experience.
what technical handicappers research: Offensive Stats. There are some that use a combination university of arizona football predictions of the two, but most of the time it is either one or the other.
too, but hell out-coach his former assistant and watch his defense overachieve to end a skid. Now Denver realizes Trevor Siemian was university of arizona football predictions its best of bad QB options. PICK : Dolphins win 24-20. Miami has been confused with Adam Gase,
you can learn ways to help your odds against the university of arizona football predictions house free horoscope 2018 elle in blackjack or betting systems and handicapping for placing your bets on the NFL. We are here to help you, the avid bettor that wants to improve and learn,example: I bet university of arizona football predictions on: Sevilla vs Borussia Dormund share forecast over 2.5 goals 1.95 and Young Boys vs Getafe share forecast X2 1.38. Applying the formula: (010 1.95x1.38))-1)5.92 So you have to stake GBP 5.92 to make a profit of 10 GBP.
If so, maximize the odds your bankroll will grow by considering using a variety of shops for your NFL wagering activities. And remember to get your membership for Football LOCKS.com&apos;s NFL football betting tips made using Backwards Odds NFL Handicapping of the latest Las Vegas.
We have betting associates in countries like: Portugal, Norway, South America, Romania,UK, France and many more. We often give back information to top tipsters all over the globe. We assist them, they assist us. We are here 16 hours out of 24, EVERY DAY. That.
Try to beat other tipsters with your own SHL betting tips. Join best free tipster competition and start winning without taking any risk).
we do this for university of arizona football predictions two reasons: You will have about 40 50 left, you lose all of your bets. Which you will be able to use if, in the worst case scenario,it won&apos;t be pretty, the Cowboys will go back to being run-heavy with Dak Prescott, take pressure off Prescott and lessen the exposure of the pass defense university of arizona football predictions against Kirk Cousins. Former Redskin Alfred Morris and Rod Smith to control the clock,
In the two games sandwiching the Chiefs game, Derek Carr threw for two touchdowns and four interceptions combined. The Ajayi trade has the scent of a full-scale Miami offensive do-over not that one isnt warranted. Prediction: Dolphins, 20-13 (Getty Images) Previous Next No Aaron Rodgers.
so all our tips are highly confident and 100 guaranteed. Our team is consisted of experienced betting experts and professionals who have contacts inside the football university of arizona football predictions clubs world wide, nEXT VIP TICKET COMATCHES DATE : DAY: SATURDAY ODD : 300.00 600.00.
in this particular example, on the opposite side of that, a bettor would need to wager 150 to win 100. The other 3 teams in contention all pay better than 1 university of arizona football predictions to 1 odds (risk less than 100 to win 100)).league tables, get access to the best Betting Tips, follow our latest Match Previews with Live results, football Statistics and LiveStreams from over 1200 soccer university of arizona football predictions leagues. H2H Results,unibet. Bet365. Finns flera matcher med mycket spelvärde i, william Hill.
all things considered, especially relevant fact is that our. Joining us will bring you much money. HT-FT Fixed matches are accurate, in fact, therefore, make sure you join now for the university of arizona football predictions best 100 safe verified seller predictions. While the other just say that.standings, scores, comprehensive National Football university of arizona football predictions League news, rumors, fantasy games,
call our office toll-free soccer predictions sure wins or email us at if you would like to buy ALL 5 of our handicappers plays for 1 MONTH (30 DAYS )) for only 399(300 SAVINGS off Regular Price)) on our m Consensus Report. NOVEMBER 4TH, uPDATE FOR SUNDAY,you have probably heard them talked about by either your friends or TV broadcast university of arizona football predictions on ESPN or other channels. If nothing else, how To Read And Understand MoneyLine Betting Odds. First there are the moneyline betting odds,
if you are Betting The today's football matches predictions and previews Point Spread On "Team A" in Football - Favored by -6 - This means "Team A" must beat the other team by 7 university of arizona football predictions points or more to win the bet.
The Lok Sabha on 12-12-2014 passed a Bill which paves the way for the auction of 204 coal blocks, amidst the Opposition's demand to refer the legislation to the Parliamentary Standing Committee for scrutiny.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces an Ordinance promulgated in October, was passed by voice vote. The Ordinance, was brought after the Supreme Court cancelled the allocation of 204 coal blocks on September 24.
The Bill envisages "allocation of coal mines and vesting of the right, title and interest in and over the land and mine infrastructure, together with mining leases, to successful bidders and allottees through a transparent bidding process." Replying to concerns raised by MPs from Trinamool Congress, BJD and left parties that the legislation paves the way for de-nationalisation of coal mines, coal minister Piyush Goyal said that the Bill seeks to strengthen Coal India. He said that new law will encourage transparency as allocation would be made via e-auction.
On the concerns about the mine workers' welfare, the minister said there are enough laws to protect their interests and the new law will also give maximum benefits to the people displaced by coal mining. Goyal added that timely action by the government would benefit the coal-producing states of Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Orissa and West Bengal, besides benefiting the power sector and consumers.
Opposing the legislation, former power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia said the Bill "makes a mockery of the Supreme Court ruling" and a "wonderful opportunity to recast the sector" should not go wasted. He suggested having one policy for the regulated sector and another for the unregulated one.
"For the regulated sector, we must set a ceiling price with a reverse auction. For the unregulated sector, it must be a full-fledged auction with the revenue maximising auction process," he contended. The Bill on coal block allocation will not lead to higher electricity tariff for consumers. Instead, the prices could come down, Goyal said.
Clever 60 Table Basse Ampm Impressionnant is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at April 14, 2018 upload by in table verre.
You can download Clever 60 Table Basse Ampm Impressionnant in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
I'm going to confess one of my flaws. When I see people who look lost, or who are transparently lost but trying not to look lost, I feel hostile toward those people.
I'm not proud of it. It's ridiculous, unkind, and raises my blood pressure completely unnecessarily. Yet there it is. I'm sure it's because when I am lost, I feel like everyone is being hostile toward me, and I hate that feeling. I hate not knowing where I am or how to navigate my surroundings. My hostility towards those who act as I do in those situations is obviously self-hatred displaced onto them.
What reminded me of this today was a woman in the campus gym who was clearly making her first visit. She got on the machine next to me, and as always happens, one of the attendants came by to ask if she wanted a fan to be turned her way. Unfamiliar with the mores of this gym, she stared uncomprehendingly until he repeated the question and gestured toward the fan. Then, during the rest of my workout, I was distracted when she got off the machine several times to retrieve something from her bag or change its position on the floor. Finally, before I was finished, she got off the machine and wandered toward the treadmills, standing indecisively next to them as if waiting for an invitation.
Why was I annoyed at this woman? I was once a first-time visitor to the gym. I recognized especially the phenomenon of getting on a machine and not really being committed to a workout so much as wanting just to try it out -- I've done it many times. But I kind of despise myself when I do it. I imagine that all the people who are serious about their workouts are rolling their eyes at me, and so I put on a show of working hard and knowing what I'm doing, even though I frequently feel like I've gotten in over my head.
When I see people looking at a map on campus, or standing on the sidewalk pointing this way and that as if in search of a certain building, I make a point to ask if I can help them. I don't feel hostile toward them when I'm in the position to be their benefactor; in fact, I'm grateful to them for giving me a chance to make a good impression for the university and to do a good deed. But when accepted etiquette does not allow for offering help -- as in the gym, where we are all supposed to be isolated in our workout bubbles -- they anger me. It's not their fault. It's clearly my problem. Hence my confession.
Trading forex/CFD’s on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable as you could sustain a total loss of your deposit. Leverage can work against you. Do not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. Be aware and fully understand all risks associated with the market and trading. Prior to trading any products offered by Forex Capital Markets, LLC, FXCM Securities Limited, Forex Capital Markets Limited, inclusive of all EU branches, FXCM Asia Limited, FXCM Australia Limited, any affiliates of aforementioned firms, or other firms under the FXCM Inc. (NYSE:FXCM) group of companies [collectively “FXCM”], carefully consider your financial situation and experience level. If you decide to trade products offered by FXCM Australia Limited (AFSL 309763) you must read and understand the Financial Services Guide and Product Disclosure Statement. FXCM may provide general commentary which is not intended as investment advice and must not be construed as such. Seek advice from a separate financial advisor. FXCM assumes no liability for errors, inaccuracies or omissions; does not warrant the accuracy, completeness of information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within these materials. Read and understand the Terms and Conditions on FXCM’s website prior to taking further action.
That would amount to an indirect price hike, as former Standard and Premium subscribers might migrate to higher price tiers.
Whenever Netflix raises the price of its subscription plans - and this happens every few years - we keep hearing about disgruntled users ready to leave the service because of the price increase. At the same time, there could be some changes made to current plans that are bound to anger many Netflix subscribers. Sadly, both of those imply downgrading other levels of the service while making the new Ultra tier similar to what's now offered by the $13.99 Premium offering. In Europe, however, this Ultra tier is being pitched at €16.99 - or around £15. The prices for Standard and Premium plans would not be increased, but losing screens equals a price hike if you share your Netflix login. "In this case, we are testing slightly different price points and features to better understand how consumers value Netflix", a company spokesperson told Newsweek in a statement on Wednesday. Premium is now its most expensive subscription option.
The change may come as a surprise as Netflix states on its website that all four screen Netflix plans support HDR (Dolby Vision and UltraHD Premium).
But, he added: " Argentina will play an aggressive style of football, we're going to attack from kick-off". With the talent Messi has, sometimes there is not a great deal you can do because he is so unpredictable.
Netflix currently offers three different subscription plans, but now it looks like the streaming service is testing a new tier.
All other features, at least those displayed on the plan selection page on Netflix, match the Premium plan (meaning you get HD and Ultra HD, and access on four screens). The trouble is that HDR is already part of the 4K package as things stand, so this is more about taking features off premium subscribers, rather than providing new features for videophiles. That's €3 more than what's being offered to some Italian users. Would you upgrade to the Ultra tier of it became an option (and the only option with four simultaneous streams)? In October, the company bumped its Standard and Premium plans by $1 and $2, respectively.
Real Madrid deny Mbappe bid rumour China can use ‘good relationship’ to push Iran, Israeli official says
Portugal's desire to go past the round of 16 however hit the rocks after they were edged out by Uruguay, following a 2-1 defeat. Some reports are suggesting the Spanish giants have already accepted a €100 million (A$158 million) offer from Juve for Ronaldo.
Hosts Russia advanced to the World Cup quarterfinals on penalties after a 1-1 draw on a dramatic afternoon in Moscow . It is a reality that is my last match with the national team - at an individual level a wonderful stage is over.
Tammy Duckworth of Illinois, Sen. "On my side of things, I ask my colleagues, let's pass, finally, sensible immigration reform". The protest, which included 100 demonstrators and possibly just as many police, took place in the Hart Senate Office Building.
Swiss tennis legend Roger Federer is still looking for a new shoe contract but says he has had interest from former sponsor Nike . Sports news site ESPN reported the price tag of Federer's new deal, but Uniqlo has not shared the specific terms.
He is just too risky for me. "The unknown is something that you try to just put out of your hands for a certain amount of time". The problem with the Cavs' brass is that they have made a lot of questionable decisions about what would make that more likely.
The dramatic change in the landscape of National Basketball Association title contenders in the eye of Vegas is just absurd. The deal comes with a player option for 2019-20, so Durant can - and likely will -become a free agent again next summer.
And just like that Germany's eliminated from 2018 FIFA World Cup contention in the group stage for the first time since 1938. Mexico's only hope was Germany , the defending champion, didn't win.
But before setting up the second goal it looked like Neymar's game - or even his World Cup - could be over with 20 minutes to go. Neymar, who was given the lowest score by users of the BBC Player Rater , said the Brazilian players "have to learn to suffer".
Striker Kane has been in prolific scoring form, netting 135 goals in all competitions for Tottenham over the last four seasons. Adnan Januzaj's stunning goal secured a much-changed Belgium side a 1-0 win over England's second string at the World Cup .
Lopez Obrador previously vowed to throw the energy reform out but now says contracts merely will be reviewed for any illegalities. According to Mexico's National Election Institute (INE), Lopez Obrador was leading polls with 53% of the vote.
A Samsung representative told The Verge that the company is "aware of the reports " and is "looking into it". How many people received private photos, without alerting the owner, is unknown.
Cities that could see severe weather Saturday include Des Moines, Iowa; Omaha, Nebraska; Kansas City, Missouri; and Minneapolis. The heat index soared to over 100 degrees in some sections of New York, Vermont, Massachusetts and New Hampshire on Sunday .
Last week, US State Department officials announced that they are pushing nations to bring down purchases of Iranian oil to zero. This was due to outages around the world from Libya to Canada and Venezuela are keeping priced elevated. "Yes, of course.
Jordan is both close friends with Kevin Durant, and a former client of Bob Myers, according to Marc Stein of ESPN . Jordan, who will turn 30 next month, could also decline the option and become an unrestricted free agent.
The UAE, an American-allied federation of seven sheikhdoms on the Arabian Peninsula, hosts some 5,000 US troops. The EU's foreign service, the EEAS, was not immediately available for comment on the meeting.
MIAMI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 29, 2018-- ILG (Nasdaq: ILG) today confirmed that FrontFour Capital Group LLC and affiliates have provided notice of their nomination of four candidates for election to the Board of Directors of ILG at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
ILG’s highly qualified and independent Board of Directors is focused on serving the best interests of shareholders and welcomes their input. ILG will continue to engage in dialogue with shareholders, including FrontFour, and the Board will review FrontFour’s director nominations in consultation with its financial and legal advisors.
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Moelis & Company LLC are acting as financial advisors and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison LLP is acting as legal advisor to ILG.
ILG is a leading provider of professionally delivered vacation experiences and the exclusive global licensee for the Hyatt®, Sheraton®, and Westin® brands in vacation ownership. The company offers its owners, members, and guests access to an array of benefits and services, as well as world-class destinations through its international portfolio of resorts and clubs. ILG’s operating businesses include Aqua-Aston Hospitality, Hyatt Vacation Ownership, Interval International, Trading Places International, Vacation Resorts International, VRI Europe, and Vistana Signature Experiences. Through its subsidiaries, ILG independently owns and manages the Hyatt Residence Club program and uses the Hyatt Vacation Ownership name and other Hyatt marks under license from affiliates of Hyatt Hotels Corporation. In addition, ILG’s Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. is the exclusive provider of vacation ownership for the Sheraton and Westin brands and uses related trademarks under license from Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC. Headquartered in Miami, Florida, ILG has offices in 15 countries and more than 10,000 associates. For more information, visit www.ilg.com.
ILG, its directors and certain of its executive officers may be deemed to be participants in connection with the solicitation of proxies from ILG’s stockholders in connection with the matters to be considered at the 2018 Annual Meeting. Information regarding the ownership of ILG’s directors and executive officers in ILG stock is included in their SEC filings on Forms 3, 4, and 5, which can be found through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Information can also be found in ILG’s other SEC filings. More detailed and updated information regarding the identity of potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the proxy statement and other materials to be filed with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated below.
ILG intends to file a proxy statement and white proxy card with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in connection with its solicitation of proxies for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2018 Annual Meeting”). ILG stockholders are strongly encouraged to read the definitive proxy statement (and any amendments and supplements thereto) and accompanying white proxy card when they become available as they will contain important information. Stockholders may obtain the proxy statement, any amendments or supplements to the proxy statement and other documents as and when filed by ILG with the SEC without charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
© 2017 ILG. All rights reserved. ILG, its logo, and its subsidiaries’ marks and logos are trademarks of ILG or its affiliates. SPG, Preferred Guest, Sheraton, Westin, and their logos are the trademarks of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC or its affiliates. Hyatt Vacation Ownership, Hyatt Residence Club, and World of Hyatt and their logos are trademarks of Hyatt Hotels Corporation or its affiliates.
Study designed to test safety and biochemical effect of materially higher doses than previous studies
Brisbane, Australia and Wilmington, Delaware, United States 17 August 2015: Australian drug development company Invion Limited (ASX: IVX) has completed its Phase II clinical trial entitled “Double-blinded, randomised, placebo-controlled study to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and biochemical activity of intravenous Cpn10 administration in subjects with SLE (NCT01838694)”.
The Company’s decision to complete the trial is based on the review of safety and biochemical markers of effect in 28 subjects across four cohorts, which show that the study has met its objectives and supports the continued development of INV103 (ala-Cpn10) in longer and larger trials in patients with autoimmune diseases.
Three sets of data were reviewed from subjects who received twice-weekly doses of 10, 30 or 100mg of ala-Cpn10, or placebo. The adverse events and clinical chemistry profiles showed that increasing the dose 10-fold over levels used previously in the development of the drug asset could be achieved safely.
Serum biomarkers of vascular inflammation were too variable in all cohorts to draw absolute conclusions about biological effect. However significant data were derived from extracting white blood cells from patients before and after certain doses and stimulating these cells (peripheral blood monocytic cells or PBMCs) to produce inflammatory signals. PBMCs are hypothesized to play a critical role in autoimmune diseases.
Subjects in the first cohort, who received 10mg intravenously twice-weekly for four weeks, showed no consistent effect on stimulated PBMC production of 3 key cytokines (IL-1Beta, IL-6 and TNF-alpha) measured at two time points. In contrast, subjects in the second cohort (30mg intravenously twice-weekly for four weeks) showed a consistent decrease in production of all three cytokines measured at the same two time points in stimulated PBMC. Data from the third cohort (100mg intravenously twice-weekly for four weeks) support findings from the second cohort, although, like the placebo data, had some variability.
Executive Vice President R&D and Chief Medical Officer, Dr Mitchell Glass, said, “We are pleased that the data from this trial support the dose escalation that has underpinned the strategy for ala-Cpn10.
“Although we report the data here as means, the data are quite variable as is to be expected from PBMC assays. However we are pleased at the consistency of the responses. INV103 (ala-Cpn10) will need scale-up and longer term toxicology to extend these findings from one month to longer term studies in larger groups of subjects. We will be providing these data to potential partners in the near term, with a view to partnering the program.”
Subjects in the first cohort, who received 10mg intravenously twice weekly for 4 weeks showed no consistent effect on stimulated PBMC production of 3 key cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6 and TNFα) measured at 2 time points: from 6 hours after the first dose to 6 hours after the last dose (Visit1 v Visit 9: -18%TNFα; -1% IL-1β; +2.8% IL-6), and at 6 hours after the final dose compared to pre-dose levels after stimulation (+227 to +987%). In contrast, subjects in the second cohort showed a consistent decrease in all 3 cytokines measured at these 2 time points: V1 v V9 -35% TNFα −38.5% IL-1β and -42.5% IL-6. At visit 9, from 6 hours after the final dose compared to pre-dose levels after stimulation, effects were -62% (TNF), -66% (Il-1) and -73% (IL-6). Data from the third cohort support the data from the second cohort, although, like the placebo data, had some variability, including one patient who received 100mg iv twice weekly for 4 weeks but had no response, to a placebo subject who had profound (99%) decreases in stimulated cytokine production from visit 1 to Visit 9.
Invion is a life sciences company focussed on the development of treatments for major opportunities in respiratory disease and autoimmune disease. The Group has three drug assets in development, and three phase II clinical trials, regulated by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA), currently underway in the United States. INV102 (nadolol) a beta blocker (beta adrenergic inverse agonist) currently used to treat high blood pressure and migraine, is being repurposed to treat chronic inflammatory airway diseases, including asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). INV104 (zafirlukast) is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) that reduces inflammation, constriction of the airways, and the build-up of mucus in the lungs. INV103 (ala-Cpn10) is a modified, naturally occurring human protein which has been proposed as a founding member of the Resolution Associated Molecular Pattern (RAMPs) family hypothesised to maintain and restore immune homeostasis. Invion is an ASX listed company (ASX:IVX), with its clinical headquarters in Delaware, USA.
Pamela is still very sexy even at her age. She got divorced long ago and George is the only her son. He just turned 18. They are great friends even though many teenagers at his age have problems with parents. The only thing that bothered him in his relations with mothers is that she was extremely jealous to his girlfriends. He couldn�t understand why till one night she came to his bedroom is short robe to talk about it. As you may see their conversation ended with really wild and messy sex.
After Amanda�s sons grew up it was very painful for her to watch them having fun at parties and clubs and dating young girls. She did her best to stay # 1 for them. Sons often joked that she�s she only woman in the world they will ever love. Once they had pretty frank conversation about sex and Amanda said desperately she�s not able to explain everything they ask her about but she�s able to show! That was nasty but her sons took her right. It was their first incest experience so they recorded it on video.
Helen grew up without mother. She died when Helen was a just small kid. Her father Artur took care of her, protected and cherished her. Sure, for Helen loved him not like a father but like a man. But she couldn�t confessed herself in it till the day he kissed her lips while she was sleeping. She woke up and finally realized how happy she is. She never enjoyed sex with guys from her college as much as she enjoyed it with Artur. She got her cunt eaten out as never before and then stuffed with her father�s strong cock.
The Democratic candidate was speaking to top party donors in a phone call, which was leaked to the media. Continue reading →
Posted in Politics	| Tagged 2016 Election, Corruption, Donald Trump, Elections, FBI, Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Social Unrest, State Department	| 31 Comments
As usual, when a White man acts in a small way against a Jew’s establishment he has to go to prison. When a whore for the Jews robs all of White society, it’s simply no big deal. This is how America works now. This is where our precious republic has arrived. Continue reading →
This story is not going away. With this new development, the possibility of Hillary being questioned by the FBI is even greater now. Continue reading →
Anyone who doubted that the American government, media and “culture” has not been completely colonized and taken over by Jewish Supremacists and their sick ideological worldview, need look no further than the case of Masha Gessen. Continue reading →
Did you know that Mr. Yatsenyuk owns an organization called “Open Ukraine Foundation”? If you do, you might be surprised to learn that all traces of this foundation have been eradicated from the internet. Continue reading →
The Jewish-owned Times of Israel has confirmed in a major article that “Israeli intelligence” is the major factor behind reports over the alleged use of “chemical weapons” in Syria and that there is already a senior Israeli “military team” in Washington DC “advising” the US government on the matter.
The only “evidence” which the US government has upon which it is basing its claim that the Syrian government used chemical weapons is an “Israeli intercept” of a phone call, it has emerged. Continue reading →
Have we not heard this tired line of crap before? What? For 60 years now? You think anything is going to happen that the Jews won’t go along with for PR/Sheep purposes? What a laugh riot. These tricky-dick SOBs will play the game, but in the end the Palestinians are just going to be screwed over once again, without a doubt. All thanks to the control Jewry has long had over America that anybody with brain-one gets — most definitely not the blubbering idiot Kwans out there in TV land. Continue reading →
This Wednesday, so-called whistle-blowers are going to testify in front of the House Oversight Committee, chaired by Zio rat Rep. Darrell Issa. Sure, it might be a tad embarrassing to liberal democrats like Obongo and Shillary, but once again will mean JACK to the real string pullers. Continue reading →
That is a profound statement, INCOG, and one that all should ponder, as any one of us could very easily fit into that category. Jews are very subtle, almost supernaturally so, and they have a keen knack for divining Aryan sensibilities. Not many people realize this, but the most successful parasites share close genetic ties with their hosts. It’s likely that it is this biological connection that facilitates their ability to manipulate us so deftly, as evidenced by the vast numbers of Aryans who ferociously defend the “tolerant” and “inclusive” Left along with the equally vast numbers of “conservatives” who defend and support Israel, Zionism and Jews in general fanatically. ‘LOVE IS MURDERING THE WHITE RACE’ isn’t simply a catchy byline… it’s a subtle truthism that many on our side instinctively know but fail to formulate into words. C.T. over at The West’s Darkest Hour gets it, and so do great thinkers like Revilo P. Oliver and Kevin Strom.
Not only do the Jews have a knack for manipulating our built-in “social-justice” and religious sensibilities, but they are also very skilled at manipulating our more nationalistic, racial, and even “antisemitic” feelings. That’s how they’re able to infiltrate White Nationalist organizations so easily, taking over the narrative, and how they are able to skillfully corral us towards this or that “nationalist” politician or political party.
Archives by month Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007
Since my views expose the "Chosen Ones" far too much for what they want White people to see, they tricked Wordpress into closing down my WP blog by using sneaky, underhanded methods. So please help me in getting my NEW address out and visit here often. Alert all your pals. Remember: Evil Whitey INCOG MAN tells it like it is! NOTE: If the article does NOT have a byline at the beginning and has "—Phillip Marlowe" or "INCOG MAN" at the end, then I wrote it. Some of the photos at the top of the articles are real, but most are creative, Photoshop "illustrations" as political commentary (usually signed INCOG MAN, if I did it). If you can't tell the difference, then you need to grow a brain.
Enter your email address to subscribe to my site and receive notifications of new posts by email. Your email address is NEVER seen by other visitors here -- only you. Also, sign up to get ALERTED when the time comes.
Site taken down due to Arthur Topham being convicted for “hate speech” in Canada. All he ever did was expose Zionist Israel’s behavior in the Mideast. A total Free Speech rip-off!
CLAYTON COUNTY, GA.: Above Rape Ape caught a teacher (probably a White woman) getting her groceries out of car in a nice gated community. Holding a knife to her throat, he forced her back into her home and then raped her while her 5 year-old son slept in another room. Threatened to kill her and her son. Ape was wearing a hoodie, as usual. Suspected of other rapes. Call local police if you have any information.
The White-hating media doesn't want you to get a clue about things like this happening to our race, but they still want you to fight wars for the Globalist Zionists. What do you think has been going on bozo?
PLUS 6,000,000. Ironically, the approximate number of hits from my old WordPress blog site before the Jews had me taken down in July, 2010 and other online attacks since then to silence me.
Currently blocked in many countries, sometimes including the USA. If you see me you’re lucky. Many have to use a proxy server to get here.
“This is not just a job to us, it’s our mission.” – Brenda & Doug Kabbes, Founders of Independence Home Health Care
We established Independence Home Health Care over fifteen years ago out of a respect for the elderly. As seniors live longer and families spread farther apart, reliable compassionate caregivers are needed to bridge the gap. We care about each client as if they were our own family and only employ staff that do the same.
We believe that every senior should be able to live at home, as long as they want, with dignity and safety. And, we understand that this is often more than families can accomplish alone. We want to help. Please think of Independence Home Health Care as an extension of your family – an extra set of loving hands – delivering the care your loved one has come to need.
With over thirty years experience as caregivers, we recognize that in-home care is incredibly personal. Our staffs in Michigan and Florida are comprised of Nurses, Certified Nurse Assistants, Certified Home Health Aids, Home Aids, and companions. Though they have different levels of training, they share one common goal – to care for seniors with respect.
We all understand that elder care is about the whole family. Alleviating caregiver stress and worry is something we take seriously. By using tablets in each client’s home, we keep families connected with status updates and video chats. We’re also happy to help out with the little things, like putting away the laundry or stopping for milk. We recognize that these seemingly small things can sometimes make all the difference in a caregiver’s world. We can’t wait to make a difference in your world.
As our own parents and grandparents aged, their needs grew, but our own lives stayed just as busy. We learned firsthand that sometimes every family needs help. We look forward to providing the help that your family needs and hope you call us today. Sincerely, Brenda and Doug Kabbes Don’t wait! Contact us through our simple form to get the ball rolling!
A stone facade creates eye-catching appeal for this moderately sized cottage. Decorative columns define the dining room, flanked by the foyer. A fireplace in the spacious family room warms the space. Adjacent to the family room, a serving bar in the kitchen provides casual dining in the breakfast area. The master suite, enhanced by a tray-ceiling, features a walk-in closet, roomy bath with dual-sink vanities, separate shower and tub, and a private toilet. The basement houses two additional bedrooms and a recreation room. The optional layout includes a fourth bedroom. <P/><BR/>Special offer for builders! Select a CAD, PDF, or Reproducible format, and you will receive an unlimited use license at no additional cost. Build as many times as you like with no re-use fees! This offer only applies to plans bearing this note. Unless explicitly noted, a purchased plan may only be built once. An unlimited use license is not transferable.
All plans include the front elevation at 1/4" or 3/16" and the sides and rear elevations at 1/8" scale. These elevations show and note the exterior finished materials of the house.
Every plan is available with a walkout style basement (three masonry walls and one wood framed rear wall with windows and doors). The basement plans are a 1/4" or 3/16" scale layout of unfinished spaces showing only the necessary 2 x 6 wood framed load bearing walls. These plans are completed with dimensions, notes, and door/window sizes. Crawl space and/or slab on grade foundations are available for some plans. All foundation types are not available for all plans.
Each plan consists of 1/4" or 3/16" scale floor layouts showing the location of 2x4 walls, doors, windows, plumbing fixtures, cabinetry, stairs and decorative ceilings. These plans are complete with dimensions, notes, door/window sizes and a schematic electrical layout.
The building sections are drawings which take vertical cuts through the house and the stairs showing floor, ceiling and roof height information.
The kitchen and bath elevations show the arrangement and size of each cabinet and other fixtures in the room. These drawings give basic information that can be used to create customized layouts with a cabinet manufacturer. Details are included for many interior and exterior conditions to provide more specific information for their construction.
Each floor framing plan shows each floor joist indicating the size, spacing and length. All beams are labeled and sized. All of the joist are counted and coordinated with the material list. Each framing plan sheet includes any framing details that are needed (tray details, connection details, etc.). All of the framing is designed using conventional 2 X 10 floor joist or wood I-Joist, depending on the span conditions of each home plan. Framing plans are not available for all home plans.
The ceiling joist framing plan shows each ceiling joist indicating the size,spacing and length. All beams are labeled and sized. All of the joist are counted and coordinated with the material list. Framing plans are not available for all home plans.
The roof framing plan shows each rafter, valley, hip and ridge indicating the size, spacing and length. All beams are labeled and sized. All of the joist are counted and coordinated with the material list. Framing plans are not available for all home plans.
Each plan order includes one set of typical detail sheets that show foundation details, typical wall sections and other framing details. Also included on the detail sheets are miscellaneous interior trim and fireplace details that can be used to customize the home.
$1315.00 For making minor changes to your house plans and inexpensive local printing. 1 printed set on Vellum or Bond paper.
$2630.00 For use by design professionals to make substantial changes to your house plan and inexpensive local printing.
45.00 Additional hard copies of the plan (can be ordered at the time of purchase and within 90 days of the purchase date).
55.00 Additional hard copies of the plan (can be ordered at the time of purchase and within 90 days of the purchase date).
$700.00 For making minor changes to your house plans and inexpensive local printing. 1 printed set on Vellum or Bond paper.
$900.00 For use by design professionals to make substantial changes to your house plan and inexpensive local printing.
50.00 Additional hard copies of the plan (can be ordered at the time of purchase and within 90 days of the purchase date).
0.00 Additional hard copies of the plan (can be ordered at the time of purchase and within 90 days of the purchase date).
No Records Found. However you can set alert so that when any new requirement comes , we can send message for the same. To set alet Click here
Two events over the last fortnight have uncovered the role of the Catholic Church in fostering Tamil separatism in Sri Lanka, with the aim of carving a separate Christian country out of India’s Tamil Nadu and the Tamil areas of the island-nation. The first was India’s deporting the Sri Lankan Tamil Catholic priest, Fr. S.J. Emmanuel, back to Dubai, when he arrived at Chennai hoping to meet chief minister Jayalalithaa, and to attend some events at Chennai University and later, at Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi.
Fr. Emmanuel is president of the UK-based Global Tamil Forum (GTF), a leading LTTE front and umbrella organisation for Sri Lankan Tamil diaspora groups. The Sunday Observer from Canada reported that Emmanuel had recently visited Canada and Europe to raise funds and mobilise pro-LTTE groups to stoke anti-Colombo propaganda in the West. But now, moderate sections of the diaspora are questioning Emmanuel’s role in radicalising Tamil youth while not utilising the millions of dollars collected through donations to help resettle and rehabilitate former LTTE cadres.
The second incident relates to the Oct 13, 2011 sentencing of Sri Lankan hedge fund billionaire Raj Rajarathnam to eleven years imprisonment for insider trading on Wall Street, by the US Federal district court, Manhattan.
Rajarathnam was actually investigated for his links with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam. According to an ex-Tamil Tiger turned FBI informant, codenamed Rudra, Raj’s father, Jesuthasan Rajarathnam, himself a wealthy financial manager, was a lavish donor. The father-son duo set up the Rajarathnam Family Foundation to support charitable causes in Sri Lanka and elsewhere; it was also a front to channel funds to the Tamil Tigers.
Vanity Fair reports that in November 2002 (the US State Department listed LTTE as a terrorist organisation in 1997), a Tamil cultural organisation, Ilankai Tamil Sangam, hosted a 25th anniversary celebration at Doubletree Hotel in Somerset, New Jersey. LTTE flags and videos were displayed throughout the hall. It may be recalled that LTTE had assassinated former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in May 1991 and Sri Lanka President Ranasinghe Premadasa in 1993, besides wreaking mayhem in the island nation with suicide attacks on buses, temples, shopping malls, and village massacres.
At Doubletree Hotel, Raj Rajaratnam (secretly taped by the FBI) said, ‘Everyone must support the Tigers’ cause.’ He had, in 2000, given $1 million after the victory over the Sri Lankan army at Elephant Pass, gateway to the northern peninsula.
Rudra infiltrated the LTTE network abroad by meeting Tiger operatives at such events. Rumours were spread that Rudra had contacts with top Mafia figures in prison and could access corrupt American officials and ‘get things done’ for the Tigers – such as smuggling Tamils without proper visas into the United States. FBI built his credibility by helping smuggle nine persons at Newark airport in 2001. In April 2004, Rudra saved Fr. Gaspar Raj, a Catholic priest and key Tamil Tiger member, from being deported by federal agents at Newark.
Prabhakaran ran the Tamil Tigers abroad on classic, cellular lines, with each group unaware of the others. But Rudra soon emerged as a trusted go-between for many cells trying to raise money and procure weapons, including surface-to-air missiles. In August 2003, Rudra travelled with LTTE’s top international financier, Vijayshanthar Patpanathan (Chandru), to the Tigers’ Vanni fortress. It had underground bunkers for advanced computers and communications equipment and two fully equipped subterranean hospitals. He met most of the senior LTTE leadership here, and recorded their conversations.
By 2005, Rudra had helped the FBI get a comprehensive picture of LTTE’s fund-raising capability. Raj Rajaratnam’s name cropped up often; LTTE gave Raj huge money to invest in his Galleon Group fund. The Tigers raised $1 million every time they held a function, and extorted thousands of dollars from diaspora professionals for ‘the next wave of operations’.
In 2001, when FBI wiretaps detected an executive from Intel Corporation giving Raj insider tips, the link between terrorism and insider trading was exposed. And just as the legendary gangster Al Capone was actually convicted for tax evasion, so Rajarathnam was investigated for terrorist funding, and convicted for insider trading!
FBI uncovered LTTE’s main “front” charities in America and Britain, which were shut down. This impacted LTTE’s capacity to fight. The Tigers’ last stand came in April 2009, when the Sri Lankan army overran Vanni, killing Prabhakaran.
One important front group, the Tamil Rehabilitation Organization (TRO), was active in 17 countries before the US Treasury froze its assets in November 2007. Rajaratnam played a key role in transferring money from TRO to the LTTE. An April 2007 affidavit by an FBI special agent regarding Rajarathnam’s banking records showed that he wrote three checks totalling $1,000,000 between July and September 2000, which made its way to a TRO account in London (paradise of the arms merchants). Most of the money was later withdrawn in cash.
TRO received maximum donations from America, where the Rajarathnam family was the largest private donor. The US Treasury said the TRO had “facilitated LTTE procurement operations, including purchase of munitions, equipment, communication devices, and other technology.” Through 2003, Raj gave $5.05 million to his family foundation, which passed on $5 million to the TRO. In June 2004, he gave $1 million directly to the TRO. After the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004, Rajaratnam set up Tsunami Relief, Inc., which was administered by staff at the Galleon Group headquarters in New York. It collected over $7 million and gave nearly half the money to the TRO in America and in Sri Lanka.
These huge monies have prompted victims of LTTE violence to file for damages in New Jersey, for crimes financed by Rajaratnam. His lawyers assert that there is “no connection” between Rajaratnam’s donations to the TRO and the harm suffered by the claimants, as there is no evidence that he ever sponsored acts of violence.
Yet, in US law, one need not prove that money a person gave to an entity that funded terrorism was actually spent on armaments; it’s enough to show that the recipient body used some of its funds for terrorist purposes. The New Jersey federal court has already accepted jurisdiction and upheld the suit as a claim for crimes against humanity.
As India debates clemency for the murderers of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, the New Jersey verdict will be interesting.
Nalanchira independent 3bhk house for rent Call 8137...OO...6580. Good location. Surrounded by schools. Easily reachable to main road. Only 8500 rent	Read more
Kuravankonam, independent 3bhk house for rent. Kairali nagar. Good residential area. Posh area. Good and neat neighborhood. Attached bathrooms. Rooms...	Read more
Total Floors2 New/ResaleNew Booking Amount₹ 1 L No. open sides1 Road facing main entry27 feet FacingEast OverlookingRoad View Ownership TypeFreehold C...	Read more
New/ResaleNew No. open sides1 Road facing main entry16 feet FacingNorth OverlookingRoad View Ownership TypeFreehold	Read more
If you’re employing a laptop computer, you’ll be able to temporarily place it over a table or stand at the HDTV. The Netflix customer satisfaction number is 1 (888) 811-1933, and help can be acquired around time. The company boasts nearly 36 million members in 40 countries and reports that a substantial majority of members rent anywhere from around two to a single DVDs monthly. Netflix can be a video service that permits for mail-delivery rental of DVDs and Blu-ray discs to get a monthly fee. With this kind of broad subscription base, Netflix have their own strategy for tailoring featured content in harmony using your particular tastes. Netflix's Watch Instantly feature allows subscribers to stream movies and tv programs over the Internet to compatible computers and devices. netflix login – http://n.logindevelopers.org/ comes with a one-month trial period, while Hulu Plus limits the trial to just one week. Hook inside the composite AV cable from your three colored jacks around the. Connect the computer on your TV and also the keyboard and mouse. Netflix has developed into a big name in video rentals, with well over 8 million subscribers (at the time of late 2009),.
For Internet Explorer, select “Internet Options” inside your Control Panel. while using built-in Bravia Internet Video link, stream Netflix. Netflix enables you to watch your best movies inside your home without waiting to the DVDs inside the mail. How to Connect a Computer with a TV for Netflix Movies. Owners on the Sony Play – Station 3 console which has a Netflix membership account can observe. Netflix Watch Instantly allows members to look at an unlimited number of movies and TV shows as streaming Internet video on his or her computers. Netflix makes watching movies and TV programs relatively effortless by instantly. I’ll also give you several ways for connecting your computer for your T. Roku can be a device you are able to buy for $60 to $100 since 2010, and plug to your television. It will generate an activation code to suit your needs to enter in the Netflix website.
Consumers can view these films on the computer or on Internet-connected tvs, or they can view the DVDs or Blu-ray discs after they come from the mail. Go towards the Netflix website and then click “Member Sign-in” in the top-right corner on the screen. You can pause playback or Netflix will remember the place you ended your viewing of a film and resume playback from the period the next time you signing in. Travel time each technique is one business day as outlined by Netflix. Internet-connected TVs differ, hence the steps in order to connect will vary. Verizon provides high-speed broadband Internet to customers over its fiber-optic cable network. Select the movie or TV show you need to watch and then click “Play” to start with viewing your selection. To do that, you should have an Internet connection towards the device.
What will happen if a 1st time gun owner's competency certificate expires after he has applied for the license?
Must he renew his compatancy certificate before he will be issued with the license or is it still valid because application for license was done whilst competency certificate was still valid?
Catégories Europe, ExpeYatra, Finlande, Norvege•Mots clés arctique, Europe, expemundo, moto, Motorbiketravel, roadtripmotorbike, travel, travelphotography, voyage
... Mills / Grinding machines ... At Mascus USA you'll find zenith Molino Raymond mills/Grinding machines, ... forestry machines and trucks for sale on Mascus!
Raymond mill for sale in China is manufactured from Shanghai ... Raymond mill,Raymond mill for sale,China ... Raymond Mill, Grinding Mill, Milling Machine, ...
Crusher Machine For Sale. ... grinding machine, … We are looking for grinding wheel for ... XSM★ is a manufacturer of Grinding mill, Ball Mill, Raymond Grinder ...
Raymond Mill For Sale. What we can offer you is not only the single Raymond mill, but also the whole Grinding plant which takes Raymond mill as the core pulverizers.
China 2015 Hot Sale Raymond Mill Machine, Find details about China Raymond Mill Machine, Stone Raymond Grinder from 2015 Hot ... This is not what you are looking ...
Raymond Grinding Mill XSM is a leading global manufacturer of crushing and milling equipment (Raymond Grinding Mill),XSM also supply individual (Raymond Grinding Mill ...
raymond grinding mill wear parts is ... are a professional production of stone crushing machine..raymond grinding mill wear parts ... Raymond Mill for sale, Raymond ...
Hot sale YGM series European high pressure grinding ... Raymond Mill, Crushing Machine, Grinding Machine, Ultrafine Mill ... This is not what you are looking ...
While desperately fleeing from a loveless, abusive marriage, Jamie stumbles upon a secret facility operated by a clandestine group known only as "The Organization." The Organization, Jamie discovers, is a benevolent society dedicated to reclaiming an reforming antisocial individuals-especially the violently abusive-by kidnapping them in the dead of night, taking them to the facility and implanting computer chips in their brains that correct self-destructive and aggressive impulses. Jamie finds she must join the ranks of The Organization now that she has breached its security, but she does so willingly. After all, The Organization is devoted to the public good and the betterment of society. Or is it? While she is watching the evening news, Jamie's suspicions are aroused when she recognizes a robbery suspect as a "chip recipient" she helped kidnap and take to the facility. Soon another crime suspect turns out to be another individual "reformed" by The Organization. What is going on? And whom can she trust? The Organization is a vast and powerful network. Its operators seem to be everywhere, and, like night crawlers, wait for the cloak of darkness to do their work. Night Crawlers is a tense, suspense-filled thriller drawn straight from today's science and technology headlines. hardcover, Edition: 1st, Label: Rivercross Publishing, Rivercross Publishing, Product group: Book, Published: 2000-10, Studio: Rivercross Publishing, Sales rank: 17417693
A powerful, heart-warming and inspiring memoir from the UK's most famous and beloved vet, Professor Noel Fitzpatrick - star of the Channel 4 series The Supervet.Growing up on the family farm in Ballyfin, Ireland, Noel's childhood was spent tending to the cattle and sheep, the hay and silage, the tractors and land, his beloved sheepdog Pirate providing solace from the bullies that plagued him at school. It was this bond with Pirate, and a fateful night spent desperately trying to save a newborn lamb, that inspired Noel to enter the world of veterinary science - and set him on the path to becoming The Supervet.Now, in this long-awaited memoir, Noel recounts this often-surprising journey that sees him leaving behind a farm animal practice in rural Ireland to set up Fitzpatrick Referrals in Surrey, one of the most advanced small animal specialist centres in the world. We meet the animals that paved the way, from calving cows and corralling bullocks to talkative parrots and bionic cats and dogs.Noel has listened to the many lessons that the animals in his care have taught him, and especially the times he has shared with his beloved Keira, the scruffy Border Terrier who has been by Noel's side as he's dealt with the unbelievable highs and crushing lows of his extraordinary career.As heart-warming and life-affirming as the TV show with which he made his name, Listening to the Animals is a story of love, hope and compassion, and about rejoicing in the bond between humans and animals that makes us the very best we can be.Publisher: Orion Publishing Co ISBN: 9781409183747
Available rare books, used books and second hand books of the title "Night Crawlers" from Sherry Galloway are completely listed.
The POKÉMON Detective Pikachu movie featuring the world-famous electric rat and co. just had its first trailer released! POKÉMON Detective Pikachu stars Ryan Reynolds as the voice of the titular...
This Week In Gaming - Nov 11: Despite lawsuit from Nintendo, MariCar keeps using Nintendo characters
With Winter approaching, we're reaching a time where news tends to slow down as the year comes to a close. However, some exciting and amusing things have continued to happen in the gaming world,...
So you are looking for a bag to store your Nintendo Switch console and accessories but the ones out there are either too small and can't fit all of the peripherals or they are too "gamey", plastered...
In 30 minutes, Xbox will be streaming their yearly XO event, where Microsoft makes new announcements and unveils upcoming projects. Starting at 1 pm PT/9 pm GMT, you can tune into Xbox Insider to...
Both @GuidedHacking and CheatTheGame's channels are gone since yesterday, and more getting banned today! Recently, you must have heard on the 'net by now about Rockstar cracking down on people...
Every year since 2014, Geoff Keighley has hosted The Game Awards, an annual event that gathers together developers across multiple video game companies and celebrates the best video games from that...
The Switch Homebrew Bounty is a competition for the best Switch homebrew, winning authors will receive cash prizes distributed across several categories.
WaterField Designs is back at it with another Nintendo Switch case. This time, it’s the Multiplayer Pro Case which, as its name suggests, has room for more than one player’s accessories. So what can it hold and how well? Let’s find out!
Launching alongside the drumming Goliath Taiko, does Gal Metal's free-form style do enough to set it apart from the crowd?
The first of three games to be getting a shiny new PC release, we take a look at the anthological agony of Heavenly Host.
Call of Cthulhu, a First person adventure horror game by Cyanide Studios that's loosely based off the Lovecraftian Tabletop RPG of the same name.
The World Ends With You has released on DS, Smartphone, and now Nintendo Switch. Can this version of the game smash its predecessors, or is it just a quick and dirty port?
the rom I downloaded crashes after about the second cutscene right after the frogs attack. anyone else had problems with this? I'm using the latest firmware and the rom is from *snip can someone help?
The only reason I can think that the game might not work is that your SD card isn't fast enough. It's recommended that it be a Class 6 card, as they're the fastest. You can tell what yours is by looking for a C with a number inside of it. It'll either be a 2, a 4, or a 6.
* Members may NOT ASK and MAY NOT PROVIDE INFORMATION or LINKS for and to places that provide ROM, WAD, and ISO files.
* Please go elsewhere if you only wish to download or share illegal files. The GBAtemp Forums are for discussion ONLY.
It's funny though because TWEWY can work on the R4DS (orginal flashcard) but the almighty CycloDS can't.
When this was originally found, several people found that opening and closing the DS several times (initiating standby) seemed to work.
The only flash card that has a problem running TWEWY is the M3 (and possibly some of the obscure cards including the DS-X).
For the rest of the cards (Cyclo, R4, Acekard), the performance of TWEWY is determined by your MicroSD. It's a very picky so unless you have the famous Kingston 2GB Japan MicroSD, you'll likely experience problems.
And yes, closing the DS lid might help you pass the problematic part, but the best way is to download a save right after that part. I believe the rest of the game plays fine.
I reformatted it using the Panasonic formatting tool.I just added the AKAIO and TWEWY and boom won't get past the frame with Beat.
i had exactly the same issue myself for ages, with multiple dumps of both teh U and E roms but then after hunting round for a while, i came across a few posts somewhere here on gbatemp saying to turn off "battery saver mode". works fine after disableing the setting from the settings menu
Well to answer back your statement, I have been using a 2GB Sandisk MicroSD when I was playing TWEWY on my R4 awhile back. It still works, I just don't play it anymore and I didn't get everything either =/
Got some good news... iScore Basketball is now free! The basketball product will follow the same pricing structure as iScore Baseball. Happy scoring and let us know if you have any questions!
Hey All, I just wanted to add a quick post here to introduce myself. I am the new product manager for the iScore product suite. I will be combing through these forums as well as working along side OhioTex to understand the customer requests that are coming in and where the current pain points are. I...
Author Spotlight on Kristine Kathryn Rusch (Fantasy Magazine, October 2011) (2011) with Kristine Kathryn Rusch
This tool allows you to save listings to your "Favorite Listings" folder so you can conveniently manage and view your Favorite Listings at any time. In addition, you can email your Favorite Listings to your agent, a co-buyer or a friend.
When you find a listing that you would like to add to your Favorite Listings, click the "Add to Favorite" link in the Tools box:
The first time you add a Favorite Listing you will be prompted to enter your login information. Once you're logged in, you can manage your Favorite (add, remove, view, email, etc.) without having to reenter your login information. Additionally, you can recall your Favorite Listings from any page using the "Favorite" tab at the top of the page:
This tool allows you to save searches to your "SearchSaverSM" folder so you can conveniently manage and view your searches at any time and receive email notification when new listings, that fit your search criteria, become available.
When you run a search that you would like to add to your "SearchSaverSM", click the tab located on the top of the page that says:
The first time you add a "SearchSaverSM", you will be prompted to create an account. Once you're logged in, you can manage your "SearchSaverSM" (add, remove, view, email, etc.) without having to reenter your login information.
If you do not have any saved searches, begin a new search. Once you run an initial search, you may opt to refine your search. This will narrow your search results to fit your new criteria, such as price range, minimum square footage and more. Any time you receive search results, you will have the option to "Save This Search" and receive an email notification when new listings that fit your search become available.
Enter your email address and we'll send you an email with instructions on how to reset your password:
NOTICE: By creating your free profile, you have the option to authorize us to send you periodic emails about new listings that match your saved searches and related real estate information. If you provide your telephone number, you are giving us permission to call you in response to this request, even if this phone number is in the State and/or National Do Not Call Registry.
Garments have dependably been a vital part of human life. It is a fundamental necessity of the city life that we live. Because of the multidimensional changes that we are encountering in the present circumstances, numerous things have changed. These
CAD drafting will be additional correct and exact when compared with handbook drafting. Considering the fact that we have confidence in switching Along with the know-how and they are effective in adopting them, you can also outsource 3D modeling demands to us.
The leading scope for error comes in setting the parameter of first or 3rd angle projection and exhibiting the pertinent image on the specialized drawing. 3D CAD makes it possible for person areas for being assembled with each other to symbolize the ultimate products. Structures, aircraft, ships, and cars and trucks are modeled, assembled, and checked in 3D just before complex drawings are unveiled for manufacture.
Our Business has produced unbelievable breakthrough in the providing services for Mechanical Designing Services. Accredited massive precision, overall flexibility and dependability, these introduced services are mostly in demand from customers. In conjunction with this, we provide these services to extra..
Plumbing pipes also take out squander in the shape of sewage, and allow venting of sewage gases to the outdoors. Fireplace sprinkler methods also use piping, and will transport nonpotable or potable drinking water, or other fireplace-suppression fluids.
What Drafters Do use program to convert the designs of engineers and architects into complex drawings. Most personnel concentrate on architectural, civil, electrical, or mechanical drafting and use technological drawings to aid design almost everything from microchips to skyscrapers.
The essential drafting procedure is to position a bit of paper Mechanical Piping Design (or other material) with a clean floor with ideal-angle corners and straight sides—typically a drawing board.
Assembly drawings exhibit how check here diverse components go alongside one another, detect Individuals parts by selection, and have a elements list, often called a bill of materials. In a complex services guide, such a drawing may very well be called an exploded view drawing or diagram.
Engineering Approach offers entire mechanical 2D/3D drafting services for fabrication, producing, and method industries. We've been specialist from the creation requirements of all mechanical products and drawings.
This Resource aids architects to summary attributes of hypothetical provisional design remedies and summarize their intricate patterns, hereby maximizing the design system.
When you outsource CAD drafting services from us, our staff will communicate with you closely to be familiar with your needs and expectations to ensure that click here we will provide out the correct remedies that can make you joyful. Any Particular prerequisite that you might have can be shared with us and We are going to try to respect it in the best possible fashion so that you just are not able to talk to For additional.
Whether it's producing production drawings or producing technical patent drawings, our mechanical CAD drafting services assist you set your fabrication duties straight.
Mechanical Piping Design has extensive experience in Mechanical drafting and Fabrication drawing that is utilized to provide top class out sourcing service to the industry in all aspects of engineering drawings. We can develop the drawings from the conceptual stage and convert them to 2D Mechanical Drawings using the latest technology. We optimize our performance by utilizing the right technological tools that helps us to reduce the turnaround time, which is always preferred by the customers. Our team of engineers is highly skilled in leveraging the technologies for the benefit of customers and gives them competitive advantage by producing drawings that can be used for smart manufacturing and fabrication.
Click here to download. You are seeing this message either because your Flash Player is outdated or because your browser does not support HTML5 player. Offering exclusive content not available on RedTube.
Ads are the worst, right? Join RedTube Premium and never look back. Adblock users get a week free. Keep me logged in Forgot Password? OR Login with Redtube Premium. Join the RedTube Community. Sign Up For Free.
Three men wanted to rob a gun store, so they decided to drive their vehicle through one of the walls of the shop in the middle of the night. The shop owner happens to live near his store and when he was alerted by his silent alarm he promptly arrived at the store and shot all three would be robbers. One of the men died at the scene and the other 2 were captured nearby after fleeing in the vehicle. Both men were wounded and are being treated at an area hospital.
“Guns, hunting, etc., are not subjects that are to be discussed in school,” informed the administrator. So read a letter sent to Collinsville, Illinois, resident Kristy Jackson, the mother of a four-year-old boy suspended for seven days. His offense?
He secretly brought a spent .22 caliber shell casing to school and enjoys turning toys into imaginary guns.
Moreover, the school, A Place 2 Grow in Troy, doesn’t like certain facts any more than it does imagination. When Mrs. Jackson related her woes in a now-viral Facebook post, the school reported her to the Department of Child and Family Services (DCFS) in what she described to The New American as a “revenge move.”
As for the shell casing, it’s not that her son, little Hunter, had just returned from a gangland hit. His grandfather, a Caseyville police officer, had taken the boy to learn gun safety and do some target practicing over the weekend, and Hunter had secretly picked the casing up at the range. Subsequently, and unbeknownst to his parents, he brought it into school thinking it was a neat show-and-tell kind of item.
Discover information that will help you throughout the process of starting a business in Carbondale. From the planning stage to cutting the ribbon, we are excited to help you bring your business to life. We encourage you to join the Carbondale Chamber of Commerce and take an active part in the community.
The Development Services Department of the City of Carbondale is prepared to guide you through the development process.
Carbondale does not require a general business license, but some types of businesses do require a license or a permit to operate in the City.
Report of the adjutant general of the state of Kentucky. Printed by authority of the Legislature of Kentucky...1861-1866
This digital resource may be freely searched and displayed. Permission must be received for subsequent distribution in print or electronically. Physical rights are retained by the owning repository. Copyright is retained in accordance with U. S. copyright laws. For information about permissions to reproduce or publish, contact the Special Collections Research Center.
Copyright © 2018 UK Libraries. For questions or comments about this website, contact Sarah Dorpinghaus.
under window seat window seats with storage under window storage bench under window storage bench window seat storage bench window seats window seat cushions covers
under counter sink sinks under counter sinks sink bathroom wooden counter with sink water stainless steel countersink deck screws
used furniture sacramento used furniture furniture cheap furniture s and furniture consignment area sacramento vintage furniture rental
under bed toy storage toy storage on wheels under bed toy storage creative under bed storage ideas beautiful storage ideas toy storage under bed toy storage boxes
under deck landscaping ideas under deck landscaping ideas gardening under the deck sure its place for a shade garden roof deck garden images
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage ideas cool under the bed storage trundle with drawer underneath and play under bed toy storage ideas
used office furniture orange county used office furniture ca office furniture orange county ca cube designs cheap modern office furniture orange county
usps mailbox key replacement master commercial lock for private access of vertical mailbox with 2 keys usps cluster mailbox key replacement
usps mailbox key replacement image of a next generation mailbox with its dimensions usps cluster mailbox key replacement
under deck landscaping ideas unique deck under deck ideas on under deck ideas front yard landscaping ideas with deck
used office furniture orange county decoration used office furniture orange county on most creative decoration room with liquidators office furniture unlimited orange county
under window seat window bench window seat storage bench under window seat storage bench ideas window seat storage window seat erykah badu guitar chords
under window seat under window cabinet under window seat under window seat window seat cabinet black under window bookcase window seat with storage australia
under bed toy storage canvas totes for under the bed storage toy ideas creative bedroom end of bed toy storage
used office furniture orange county orange county furniture orange office furniture used office desks orange county orange county used office office furniture donation orange county
under window seat under window bench storage cabinet medium size of seat built with kitchen b interior bookcase offers bench under window with storage seat white window seat bench name
under window seat window seat storage bench built in window seat storage window seat bench storage under window bench window seat cat litter box
used office furniture orange county furniture used office furniture in orange county luxury the influence of graphic design hi orange county furniture pick up buy used office furniture orange county c
under deck landscaping ideas under deck patio decorating ideas best decks on walkout covers luxury post navigation published patio under deck above ground pool deck and landscaping ideas
under counter sink how to mount under counter sink sink how to install kitchen sink counter sink holes in metal
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage bed storage under bed toy organizer end of bed toy storage
under deck landscaping ideas landscape around deck pictures landscape planting around and under deck landscaping ideas around deck pictures container gardening deck ideas
used furniture sacramento new ideas used office furniture with new and used office furniture from office furniture sacramento furniture outlet
under window seat trunk end of bed gallery wonderful wooden storage bench pink bedroom under window seat upholstered magnificent window seat plans with drawers
used office furniture orange county furniture orange county used office furniture orange county ca home office furniture orange county ca home furniture orange county discount office furniture orange
under window seat storage seat benches window storage benches under window storage bench storage benches and nightstands fresh under window seat bench depth
under bed toy storage under bed storage drawers on wheels photo 1 of 6 reputable under bed toy storage box diy under bed toy storage
used office furniture orange county buy and sell used office furniture orange county used office liquidators amazing selection of used office furniture and used cubicles at off home office furniture o
under window seat window seat plans bench marvelous window seat plans images inspirations home design image of storage bench window seat window bench seat plans
under bed toy storage drawer to under bed toy box on wheels o designs trains track blocks hot wheels marble maze blocks childrens under bed storage
used office furniture orange county buy used office furniture in orange county palm desert ca from save save on orange county ca used office furniture consignment orange county ca
under window seat under window storage bench under window shoe bench under window bench window seat with storage under under window storage window seat window seat for cats
under counter sink cast iron kitchen sinks kitchen sinks sink large stainless steel sink double sink countersink tool for steel
used furniture sacramento furniture sale couches with a table and a flower couches for sale in ca furniture sacramento antique auctions
used furniture sacramento ca modern style used office furniture with office furniture for all your furniture sacramento craigslist furniture by dealer
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage kids under bed storage under bed toy storage ideas toy room storage under bed toy storage ideas
under bed toy storage smart rolling under bed storage drawers under bed storage under bed lazy susan toy storage
used office furniture orange county furniture stores orange county ca furniture stores in ca full image for office furniture stores orange office furniture showroom orange county
under deck landscaping ideas landscaping ideas under deck patio for outdoor kits deck landscaping ideas with crushed rock
under counter sink sink mounting kit granite sink installation cost instructions in granite sink installation kit granite sink counter sink holes solidworks
used office furniture orange county office furniture orange bench desks workstations used office furniture orange county office furniture showroom orange county
used furniture sacramento discount of furniture unique used furniture used furniture mountain view new sacramento furniture consignment stores
used furniture sacramento consignment furniture consignment furniture ca second hand office furniture consignment furniture sacramento furniture rental
under window seat seating with storage window seat bench awesome amazing under window bench seat storage under window seating window benches with seating storage chest window seat bench depth
urban styles furniture urban style furniture comfortable styles an interior design in 7 comfort pub bench by urban styles furniture store urban styles furniture castleton
under window seat under window seat window storage bench unique storage bench under window bay window bench ideas bay dog window seat diy
under window seat window bench seat window seat bench country window seat cushion window bench seat cushion window bench seat window seat cushions near me
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage the train table solutions for a well organized house cabin storage solutions drawers under bed childrens under bed storage
used office furniture orange county used office furniture orange county home office furniture orange county buy used office furniture orange county sell used office furniture orange county ca
used office furniture orange county office furniture orange county office furniture office cubicles orange county office furniture desks cubicles in office furniture used office furniture store orange
under counter sink under counter sinks with laminate feat beautiful laminate with sink for frame astonishing under counter countersink bit
under counter sink best white kitchen sink luxury beautiful under counter sinks new spaces magazine of countersunk bolts and washers
unique christmas ornaments to make ornament cardinals on branches snowing hand painted on frosted glass christmas decor from around the world
under window seat window seat bench storage window seat bench impressive under window bench seat storage storage window seat bench impressive under window seat bench plans window seat with storage ide
used office furniture orange county model office furniture orange county used office furniture home office furniture orange county ca
usps mailbox key replacement a mailbox is seen march 1 in a northwest neighborhood mail theft has been a usps cluster mailbox key replacement
used office furniture orange county used office furniture in orange county modern office furniture orange county office furniture rental orange county ca
used furniture sacramento used office furniture providing mountain view pleaton with the highest quality office furniture sacramento furniture outlet
used office furniture orange county used look task chair used office furniture for sale in orange county ca
under counter sink kitchen sink sink fitting in kitchen how to install a drop in cast iron kitchen countersink bit for metal
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage kids toy storage and the ultimate guide corner twin beds with under bed toy organizer under bed toy storage
used office furniture orange county used of furniture orange county ca luxury s furniture home furniture buy used office furniture orange county ca
under counter sink minimalist standard bathroom sinks at style sink white countersink tool for stainless steel
under window seat best under window seating storage cool home design gallery ideas window seat cushions bed bath beyond
unique christmas ornaments to make salt dough ornaments make a beautiful craft with your kids to have a unique christmas decorations canada
under deck landscaping ideas landscaping ideas around deck landscaping ideas around deck landscaping under deck under deck landscaping ideas deck above ground pool deck and landscaping ideas
under window seat bookcase bench under window bookcase bench window seat with bookcase window seat bookcase window bench and bookshelves astonishing under window bookcase window seat lyrics
used office furniture orange county terrific orange county furniture outlet office furniture for small office furniture stores orange county ca office furniture orange county ca
under counter sink sink sink sink sink sink happy d sink d code vanity basin sink sink countersink drill bits harbor freight
under window seat lovely under window storage bench under window seat under window storage storage bench window seat best of under window storage bench under window storage window seat lyrics music vi
under window seat window seats with storage innovative under window bench seat storage decorations high end storage bench seat with drawer build under window seats with window seat ideas
under bed toy storage hack under bed storage hack under bed storage clever toy storage and organization hack under diy under bed toy storage
unique christmas ornaments to make these pearl tree ornaments are a fun craft that results in beautifully unique ornaments christmas ornaments from around the world to make
under bed toy storage under couch storage luxury under couch storage or kids bedroom organized with under bed toys storage diy under bed toy storage
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage under bed toy storage toy story under bed storage bed bath beyond ikea under bed toy storage
under deck landscaping ideas decoration in patio ideas under deck images about deck remodel on under decks decks small deck landscaping ideas
under bed toy storage toy storage kids under bed storage painted under bed storage drawers in room home design under bed lazy susan toy storage
under counter sink sink bath under counter porcelain lavatory with an overflow white bathroom sink countersink drill bits for steel
under window seat window seat storage bench window bench image of window seat storage bench with pillow window bench window seat window seat diy ikea
used furniture sacramento furniture stores furniture ca furniture outdoor furniture by furniture used furniture store furniture stores ca a a ashley furniture sacramento warehouse
used office furniture orange county used office furniture orange county used office furniture orange county ny
used office furniture orange county orange county furniture amazing desks office desks minimalist office orange county used office furniture used office furniture orange county california
used office furniture orange county used office furniture orange county furniture stores in ca exciting home office furniture orange county amazing sell used office furniture orange county ca
used office furniture orange county furniture used office furniture in orange county office furniture orange county orange county furniture warehouse sell used office furniture orange county
under window seat kitchen bench seating with storage s large size of under window seat drawers bench seat storage window under best window seat for cats
unique christmas ornaments to make these pearl ornaments are a fun craft that results in beautifully unique tree unusual christmas decorations to make
under counter sink kitchen sink stainless steel kitchen sink within kitchen sink countersunk hole callout
unique christmas ornaments to make love this list of unique ornaments that i can make myself especially christmas ornaments from around the world to make
used office furniture orange county new and used office desks orange county cube designs office furniture orange county ny
used furniture sacramento furniture outlet large size of living ashley furniture sacramento warehouse
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage bed storage ideas bed storage kids under bed toy organizer end of bed toy storage
under window seat under window bench seat under window storage bench window seat bench storage under window bench storage under window bench seat window seat erykah badu mp3 download
under counter sink best stainless steel kitchen sinks kitchen sinks play counter sink holes solidworks
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage kids toy box storage nursery room organizer inch new under bed toy organizer under bed toy storage on wheels
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage ideas under bed toy storage ideas under bed toy storage ideas large end of bed toy storage
used office furniture orange county used office furniture in orange county used office furniture orange county home office furniture orange county ca
under window seat under window bench bay window seating bench with storage under seat under window bench with drawers under window how to make a window seat for cats
under deck landscaping ideas under deck landscaping ideas landscaping under a deck kids play area throughout backyard landscaping ideas around deck deck landscaping images
under counter sink under counter sink mount large size of stainless steel kitchen convert to top countersunk bolt commercial countersinking screws
under counter sink sink mounting kit granite granite sink mounting kit granite countersink drill bits uk
used office furniture orange county used furniture office furniture orange county cubicles desks chairs cabinets used office furniture in la office furniture orange county ca
used furniture sacramento furniture used furniture for sale by owner sacramento ca furniture consignment
used furniture sacramento discount of furniture best of supplies by products sacramento furniture outlet
under window seat window seat with bookshelf bookcase bench seat window bench seat large size of window bench seat window seat lyrics fuse odg
under window seat under window seat under window seat bay window seat with storage medium size of window seat window seat
under window seat window bookshelf built in bookshelves window seat under window bookcase bench window seat diy ikea
unique christmas ornaments to make easy to make ornaments in just 5 minutes unusual christmas decorations to make
used furniture sacramento consignment furniture used furniture stores area consignment furniture ca consignment furniture furniture store sacramento street san francisco
under window seat under window bench under window storage bench window bench seats with storage storage bench under window under window window seat with storage underneath
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage under bed shoe storage ideas under bed toy storage medium size under bed toy storage
used furniture sacramento office furniture beautiful used office furniture st mo sacramento furniture consignment
used office furniture orange county cubicles in orange county partition system furniture logo office furniture rental orange county ca
under counter sink large size of kitchen under counter sinks good or not granite porcelain sink trough countersink tool set
used office furniture orange county used of furniture in orange county beautiful used furniture ca used office furniture orange county california
under window seat bookshelf around window window bookshelf view larger built in bookshelves around the wish under bookcase regarding window seat bench diy
urban styles furniture urban style furniture no room decorated in the urban loft style is complete without classic modern urban style furniture urban styles furniture city of industry
under window seat gorgeous bathroom features a a built in window seat with drawer flanked by separate vanities fitted with blue gray cabinets adorned with nickel hardware window seat cushions etsy
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage ideas under bed toy storage under bed toy storage ideas medium size toy story under bed storage
used furniture sacramento consignment furniture furniture consignment stores used office furniture stores ca sacramento furniture outlets
under bed toy storage free shipping plastic storage box containing the clothes under bed toy cover loft rolling under bed storage drawers toy bed toy storage
under counter sink how to mount under counter sink how to mount sink glamorous bathroom sink granite decorating from how to mount under counter sink countersunk screws metric
urban outfitters bedroom ideas urban outfitters wall decor urban outfitter bedroom ideas full size of wall decor like urban outfitters urban outfitters online urban urban outfitters urban outfitters b
under window seat under window bookshelf under window bookcase window book shelves why put the radiator under the window under window how to make a window seat for cats
under window seat book storage apartments or small spaces love this bookshelf under the window seat the window seat would make a great reading nook too especially with window seat diy
used office furniture orange county new office furniture used office furniture modern office furniture orange county
used office furniture orange county used office furniture in orange county lovely miller chair home office furniture orange county ca
under bed toy storage bed storage ideas creative under bed storage ideas idea room under bed storage ideas bed storage under bed toy train storage
under deck landscaping ideas under deck landscaping design in fix front ideas pictures landscaping ideas around deck deck landscaping ideas with crushed rock
unique christmas ornaments to make easy ornaments kids make buy christmas ornaments from around the world
under counter sink kitchen sink and counter under counter sinks kitchen black kitchen sink single bowl kitchen sink counter sink holes chart
used furniture sacramento consignment furniture furniture consignment stores area consignment furniture consignment furniture sacramento furniture warehouse
used office furniture orange county furniture best furniture liquidators orange county office furniture showroom orange county
under counter sink fabulous stainless steel sink stainless steel double bowl sink for countersinking screws
used office furniture orange county new office furniture liquidators orange county office furniture donation orange county
used furniture sacramento furniture stores slider products banner he slider used furniture stores furniture sacramento furniture craigslist by owner
under window seat under window seat built in window seat and storage cabinets free plans sawdust girl under window under window seat window seat ideas for bedrooms
under window seat remarkable under window seat storage for layout design window window bench with storage outside window seat for cats
under bed toy storage under bed toy storage beds with storage underneath elegant queen size platform bed with storage underneath the mattress storage bed beds with storage childrens under bed storage
used furniture sacramento office furniture furniture hooker furniture sacramento area furniture consignment stores
under bed toy storage built a storage unit on casters to roll under the bed the task of diy under bed toy storage
under deck landscaping ideas under deck cover patio furniture clearance on elegant with under deck ideas easy and cover designs under deck small deck gardening ideas
unique christmas ornaments to make these pearl tree ornaments are a fun craft that results in beautifully unique ornaments buy christmas ornaments from around the world
used office furniture orange county office furniture office furniture used office furniture office furniture orange county office furniture orange county ca
under deck landscaping ideas under deck ideas under deck landscape under deck landscaping ideas deck traditional with maintenance free deck under deck ideas front deck landscaping ideas
under deck landscaping ideas deck landscaping ideas outdoor deck lighting ideas pictures outdoor under deck lighting also under deck landscaping deck landscaping ideas with crushed rock
Many Indonesian mothers face significant challenges balancing the moral imperative to exclusively breastfeed and the pressure to return to work. Photo by Flickr user Daniel Peinado.
Breastfeeding health promotion has the potential to improve the health and wellbeing of many babies and mothers but mainstream health promotion messages in Indonesia are highly moralised and gendered. National maternity leave provisions and breastfeeding laws are out of sync and place significant burdens on mothers who juggle breastfeeding and working.
Exclusive breastfeeding – feeding nothing but breast milk – is recommended by the World Health Organisation (WHO) for the first six months following a baby’s birth and it is enshrined in the Indonesian Health Law (No. 36 of 2009). The law even states that every baby has the right (berhak) to be exclusively breastfed until six months, known as ASI ekslusif.
Breastfeeding health promotion is also legislated in Indonesian health care settings. A 2012 government regulation prevents health workers from providing or promoting formula milk, or offering services funded by formula milk companies. Health workers and facilities that do not promote early initiation of breastfeeding, co-location of mother and baby for the first 24 hours after birth and education and information about breastfeeding may face sanctions, including the loss of licence to practice for health workers.
This regulatory emphasis on exclusive breastfeeding is aligned with WHO exclusive breastfeeding recommendations (which increased from four to six months in 2001) as well as a WHO code concerning formula milk advertising. Historically, formula milk marketing has been extremely aggressive in Indonesia, a trend that continues today in spite of these new regulations. But there are suggestions that the government’s firm approach is starting to make an impact. The 2012 Indonesian Health and Demographic Survey found rates of exclusive breastfeeding in babies under six months increased from 32 per cent in 2007 to 42 per cent in 2012.
According to provincial-level reports, the national rate of exclusive breastfeeding is now 54 per cent, although there is great variance between provinces. In Maluku, just one in four babies receive breast milk exclusively; in Yogyakarta the rate is 68 per cent; and the highest rate is in West Nusa Tenggara, where 80 per cent of babies receive nothing but breast milk.
There is, however, a disconnect between these provincial statistics and data from the 2012 survey, which found that half of all babies are breastfed exclusively for the first three months of their lives and then a significant drop occurs between four to five months, where exclusive breastfeeding tapers to 27 per cent. This decline reflects the fact that the majority of working mothers in Indonesia only have access to three months of paid maternity leave.
My doctoral research is focusing on how urban, middle-class women in Yogyakarta understand and experience breastfeeding and negotiate returning to work or study while maintaining their commitment to breastfeed their babies exclusively. A number of women who participated in this research described the challenges they confronted in balancing the early stages of motherhood, the moral imperative to exclusively breastfeed and returning to work. For first time mothers the learning curve was the steepest.
Despite the fact that all workplaces and public facilities are required by law to have a designated facility for breastfeeding or expressing milk, the majority of working women I interviewed did not have access to such a space. This resulted in some women leaving their offices during their lunch breaks to breastfeed or express their milk. One participant did not have refrigeration facilities at her workplace, nor a private space to express her milk, and went to her sister’s house nearby every lunch break to do so.
Another participant revealed how she lied about her son’s due date to get around her workplace’s inflexibility to allow her to take more of her maternity leave after his birth. She was a government employee, and was required to take one month of maternity leave prior to her baby’s due date. Another first time mother chose to take three additional months of unpaid maternity leave before returning to work.
Pressures on Indonesian women to be “multi-tasking breastfeeding mamas” who simultaneously excel at being mothers, wives, and employees or students, are normalised and idealised through laws and mainstream health promotion messages. The right of mothers to choose whether they wish to attempt to breastfeed exclusively, sometimes, or not at all is absent from dominant health promotion discourses.
Health promotion discourses are often steeped in moral language. Breastfeeding was described by many of my interview and focus group participants as a woman’s destiny (kodrat perempuan), natural, or an obligation as part of Islam. Consequently, women who for health or work reasons are not able to breastfeed are often cast as moral failures. Some of the participants in my research expressed a feeling of guilt when they were forced to supplement their breast milk with formula or packaged infant food or even use a dummy, which is said to discourage baby from the breast.
Further, there is a noticeable gap in raising awareness about the nutritional values of formula milk and helping mothers who do go down that route to distinguish between brands containing fewer harmful additives and flavourings and less sugar. Currently all brands are lumped in the “bad” category, despite the fact that formulations vary widely. Many babies, once they graduate from exclusive breastfeeding, are given formula milk.
The role of men in supporting their wives is recognised as key to exclusive breastfeeding success. Women receive comprehensive and detailed information, designed to educate them about the health and medical benefits of breastfeeding. Men, on the other hand, are being encouraged to support exclusive breastfeeding to enhance their wives’ physical attractiveness (some breastfeeding mothers return to their pre-pregnancy weight faster); for financial reasons (breast milk is free, formula milk is not); and because breastfed kids are purportedly smarter.
These messages reinforce gender roles and stereotypes: women are given detailed medical information and the burden of breastfeeding rests with them; men receive diluted and rudimentary information about aspects of breastfeeding perceived to appeal to them, rather than advice as to how to provide practical support to their partners during this stage of parenthood. Although my study involved middle-class women, not all employed household help. The typically highly gendered nature of housework and childcare in Indonesia means that unless they have strong family support, working women carry a heavy burden.
Breastfeeding is the popular ideal in Indonesia, yet little is known about why some women choose to breastfeed while others do not. Understanding the challenges that mothers face when they juggle breastfeeding with other aspects of their lives can help to identify how their partners and other family members, workplaces and the community can better support women who chose to breastfeed, and ensure that women who chose not to breastfeed are also supported and not stigmatised. The implementation of laws and regulations on breastfeeding-friendly workplaces, though a long and slow process, is a positive step to supporting working mothers. Perhaps the next step for Indonesia will be revising its national maternity leave provisions from three to six months.
Belinda Raintung’s study is supervised by researchers from the Nossal Institute for Global Health, Melbourne School of Population and Global Health and Gadjah Mada University’s Center for Reproductive Health. Funding was provided under the Australia Awards’ Endeavour Research Fellowship Scheme and the Nossal Global Health Scholars Program. The author also collaborates with the Indonesian Breastfeeding Mothers Association (AIMI) and the Yogyakarta Department of Health.
Although Rohingya asylum seekers received a relatively warm reception from Acehnese citizens, the provincial and…
Belinda Raintung is a PhD candidate at the Nossal Institute for Global Health in the School of Population and Global Health at the University of Melbourne. She is currently based at the Centre for Reproductive Health at Gadjah Mada University, Yogyakarta. Belinda’s doctoral research explores the experiences of urban middle class women in Yogyakarta who have recently given birth in relation to family planning, breastfeeding and juggling their return to work with parenting.
Sunday mornings weather forecast on the Net had us downloading a GRIB and reconsidering our plan to depart for Vanuatu the following morning. Westerlies, northerlies and yet more westerlies for the next few days as Tonga and Fiji find themselves stuck between a series of troughs with wet thundery weather passing above and below our latitude, reversing the trade wind’s usual flow as they move slowly eastward. It’s tough but if we have to be stuck somewhere we are glad it’s here in The Vava’u islands.
Not particularly upset about the delayed departure we joined Margarita’s crew for a wander to the village of Pangai. It was a delightful 30 or 40 minute walk on a surfaced road up and over the low hills with fields and hedges. We could almost be in the English countryside except that amongst the trees are mangos, bananas, coconuts and papayas and the hedges are full of mimosa and hibiscus. There were cows and a tethered horse grazing and as we neared the village, pigs and piglets wandering the street. The rubbish “bins” are raised up on shoulder high platforms to deter the pigs from spreading the contents; we saw one large female clear a three foot high piece of corrugated iron fencing! From the churches the sound of unaccompanied singing was so lovely we paused to listen awhile, the Tongan vowel sounds soaring and glorious. There are three churches in the tiny village, two had services in progress, the Catholic mass presumably had been much earlier in the day.
Having turned left at the only junction we passed the school and the village shop which apparently has bread when it is open. However nothing happens on Sunday’s in Tonga by royal decree; there are no shops, no flights, no ferries even the bakeries and restaurants are closed. Everywhere is delightfully quiet and peaceful, we only saw one car on the road during our entire walk. The locals were mostly dressed in their Sunday best, the ladies with intricately woven straw belts reminiscent of grass skirts tied over their dresses and bearing umbrellas to keep the sun off.
A grandmother was walking four youngsters home, one was carrying a small baby so we stopped to chat. Apparently she has two new grandchildren at home too as both her daughters gave birth in June; Nok promised to return with some of the clothes Brian has out grown. Looking at the homes we passed we realised the scruffy lean to most had across from the main house is the kitchen. The houses are all single story with louvred windows either side of the front door and roofs of corrugated iron. Most front doors are high off the ground with no steps, presumably another pig deterrent.
Each Tongan family has a plot of land for the home and another to grow vegetables, land granted to the families by the King so some plots had two or three houses clustered on them. Tongans mainly live off the land and from the sea, a few are employed by the government as teachers, police etc. Although modern culture with telephones, cars etc requires money rather than trading. Here in Vava’u there is plenty of fish and vegetables with pigs for feast days, all you need is a roof over your head and clothing, the climate is warm and sunny with sufficient rain to provide water. We often see a small group of local men early in the morning bringing in nets left out over night, they catch sufficient to feed their families. The shops in Neiafu are mostly run by Chinese and other businesses by expats from New Zealand, the USA and Britain. There is a market in Neiafu selling plenty of locally grown vegetables and you can buy fish at certain times of the day down at the commercial wharf.
Older Posts Select Month December 2016 (2) November 2016 (7) October 2016 (9) September 2016 (10) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (6) June 2016 (10) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (18) March 2016 (21) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (2) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (3) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (5) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (17) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (7) August 2013 (7) July 2013 (12) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) April 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (3) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (5) October 2010 (8) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (6) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (9) February 2010 (4)
space saving bedroom furniture furniture selection for space saving furniture designs space saving bedroom design photos space saving bedroom furniture for small rooms.
Jillian Terceira, Patrick Nisbett and Tyler Lopes began competing in their final event of 2017 as they took to the Center Ring to compete in the CSI2* and CSIYH1* Lier - Azelhof - Christmas Show.
Terceira had a dream start winning the 1.30m CSI2* Table A Against the Clock Class, riding Amarulla the pair clocked a Clear Round time of 50.42.
Nisbett finished 19th riding Quick Z in the same Class, the pair had 1 Penalty Fault Point in a time of 73.73.
Also competing in the class saw Lopes riding Escalada finished 45th, they clocked a time of 70.66, but they also had 8 Penalty Fault Points.
Terceira’s good day continued when she finished 5th competing in the 1.40m CSI2* Qualification Class 6 and 13 Table A Against the Clock Class, Terceira and Tamerino clocked a Clear Round time of 64.51.
Wall covers are the materials that you use to cover your dividers and also the roof of your home. There are a lot of materials that can be used in this endeavor like wood, mortar, stucco and some more. In the market, you are going to find very many possibilities that you can use to make your house look beautiful and attractive. As you settle on the divider covering that you will put, determine that you consider the air wetness status of your home. The wall covering settled on for each space is resolved not just by the style and feeling we wish to make yet also by reasonable perspectives, for example, upkeep. Additionally, this zone must be painted frequently since it generally gets presented to dirt. However, today, there are easy to wash paints and even ones that are water-based; these are very suitable for rooms whereby children live. Tiles don’t face wear and tear; they get chipped and don’t enable you to penetrate openings.
It is fundamental to investigate the new market participants; these are items like marble and stone tiles. Consider how a material will look beside the environment beautification materials while endeavoring to envision the example at full size. Unique consideration is vital before proceeding with the establishment of a wall covering because regularly it is a costly process and hard to change. Think about the flowers that you are going to install in this region as well as the carpets. The carpets add a layer of warmth in your home. For the cover, utilize textures since it will assimilate a few clamors if you anticipate that the room will be uproarious. On the windows, you can install beautiful curtains that make everything look exceptional as … Read More..
It is always the desire of most couples to lead a happy marriage. A lot of patience to one another is needed to one another, since the marriage process desires that. The marriage process can lead to some issues arising. There is need to look for the services of a marriage counselor. You will be assisted to continue with the marriage, due to the wisdom you will get, from the marriage counseling process. You will benefit in many ways, if you go for professional marriage counseling services. There is need to get advice about marriage counselors, who operate in your area. Choosing the services of a marriage counselor will enable you to enjoy the benefits below.
Your communication skills will be built through the marriage counseling services. The fact that marriage counselors have enough knowledge in the field of counseling, will enable you to understand on ways to relate with one another. The fact that you will be dealing with a neutral person, will enable you to have a good understanding. You will easily maneuver through difficulties, due to the compassion you will develop.
An opportunity will be provided to you, where you will be able to address issues. In this case, you will find a room to express feelings which you may have towards one another. It is important that you resolve the issues here, before they reach a point of causing divorce. You will be able to resolve some problems that may arose in your marriage, by taking a step to visit a marriage counselor. There is need to address the marriage issues, because they have potential in promoting a healthful and happier marriage. The reason is very supportive as to why you need the services of a marriage counselor.
Compare health insurance quotes from nearby states: South Dakota Health Insurance, Nebraska Health Insurance
In North Dakota, medical underwriting is allowed. There is a 6 month look back and 12 month exclusionary period for preexisting conditions for those without prior health coverage.
North Dakota offers a high risk pool for medically uninsurable individuals called the Comprehensive Health Association of North Dakota. You may be eligible for this high risk pool due to your HIPAA rights, federally, or residentially. Federal requirements include living in North Dakota, being eligible for Trade Assistance and health tax credit or pension benefit guarantee corporation assistance, having at least three months of health coverage, not living in a jail or institution, not being enrolled in North Dakotaâ€™s medical assistance program nor having been in the past 12 months, and not having insurance through an employer that covers at least half of the premium or Healthy Steps, Chapter 55, title 10 or Medicare coverage.
Residential, or standard, requirements include residing in North Dakota for the past 183 days, being denied health coverage or offered coverage with restrictions or at a higher rate than the high risk pool, having a specified qualifying medical condition, not being eligible for the federal program, not being an inmate or living in an institution, and not being enrolled in this program in the past 12 months.
Coverage under these high risk pool insurance plans include doctor visits, prescription drugs, outpatient and in-hospital care, maternity, ambulance, labs and x-rays, skilled nursing care, hospice, home health visits, transplants, rehabilitation, durable medical equipment, mental health and substance abuse, physical, speech and occupational therapy, dental care, vision care, and preventive care.
In North Dakota, medical underwriting is allowed with plus or minus 35% of the indexed rate based on the health status of the group. There is a 6 month look back and 12 month exclusionary period limit for preexisting conditions for those without prior healthcare.
North Dakota offers COBRA, the Consolidate Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985. Many companies with 20 or more employees that offer health insurance are required to offer employees and their dependents continuation coverage for benefits that were lost due, for example, to job loss, reduction in hours worked, death or divorce.
Medicaid is a state/federal program that pays for medical and long-term care services for low-income pregnant women, children, certain people on Medicare, disabled individuals and nursing home residents. These individuals must meet certain income and other requirements.
Hospital, nursing facility services, clinic services, rural health clinic services, hospice, physician services, prescription drugs, chiropractor, health tracks, home health services, durable medical equipment and supplies, dental care, family planning, sterilization, podiatry, mental health, ambulance, transportation, vision, therapies, waivered services - home and community based services, traumatic brain injury, out-of-state services.
Co-payments vary. There are no co-payments if you are under 18, pregnant, living in a nursing home, or receiving family planning services.
You may learn more about North Dakota Medicaid at http://www.nd.gov/dhs/services/medicalserv/medicaid/
North Dakota offers two programs to children under the age of 18 who are North Dakota residents and U.S. citizens or legal residents, whose family income is up to 140% of the Federal Poverty Level, and who do not qualify for Medicaid. Please visit the CHIP website for more detailed information at http://www.nd.gov/dhs/services/medicalserv/chip/ and the Caring for Children website at http://www.ndcaring.org/
folding rocking chair costco outdoor for sale vintage wood, folding rocking chair costco wooden canada best outdoor,folding rocking chair walmart canada wooden outdoor,folding rocking chair academy antique wood wooden plans,best outdoor folding rocking chair camping wooden plans,folding rocking chair costco vintage wood wooden canada,folding rocking chair canadian tire victorian for sale outdoor academy , folding rocking chair canadian tire vintage for sale walmart canada,vintage wood folding rocking chair best outdoor ,folding leather and wood rocking chair outdoor walmart .
Indus offers Air Cooled Condenser Models in Horizontal and Vertical V constructions; in addition a number of constructional options are available to suit varied requirements. The fans are mounted on external rotor motors, with the flexibility of using normal AC motors or energy saving EC motors. more
Order Your Wholesale Trees In Late Summer or Early Fall for Best Prices and Guaranteed Early Delivery.
Later this month, PepsiCo will begin selling a new breakfast drink with Mountain Dew flavor called Kickstart.
The beverage will feature 5% juice, as well as vitamins B and C and a splash of caffeine that should help perk you up before that dreaded morning meeting.
Kickstart isn’t considered an energy drink, per se, because it doesn’t have as much caffeine as Monster or Red Bull nor does it have any other murky ingredients that have caused people to raise an eye towards energy drinks. It's also not considered a soda, either, because of the juice it contains.
Kickstart will be sold in 16-ounce cans and come in flavors such as orange citrus and fruit punch. It will hit shelves on February 25. Breakfast just got "extreme."
A heavenly spirit assigned by God to watch over each of us during our lives. The doctrine of angels is part of the Church's tradition.The role of the guardian angel is both to guide us to good thoughts, work and words, and to preserve us from evil Psalm 91: 10-12.
Angels are emanations of God, just as sunbeams are to the sun. From the moment of birth, there is an angel waiting to take its place by our side.Do they hear our prayers? Do they feel what we feel?
Angels are around us. They surround us. If we learn to seek their assistance, gladly they will come to our aid. Angels are a link between our human realm and the divine. Angels do not belong to any particular religious belief. We can not see them, but we can feel the energy that pervades in their presence.
Angels are purely spiritual beings with no physical form.When they were created, God granted them free will, immortality and divine intelligence.Their task is to sustain the universe.
The angels are free from the restrictions of time and space. They can be anywhere at anytime because they are multi- dimensional. It is believed that angels travel faster than the speed of light.
Angels are trusted with the task of looking after the whole of creation; from the animal kingdom,the plants and minerals, the planets, the earth, the wind, and stars. To every living creature, there is an angelic presence.
Angels are fascinated with man�s ability to invent and to create equipment, machinery, gadgets and toys to meet man�s needs and also for pleasure. When we open ourselves to the angelic realm, we open ourselves to deeper spirituality and inner development. Communication with angels encourages us to develop intuitively in order to be able to decode their message.
Meditation helps us to navigate through the negative blocks that hinder our inner development and our peace of mind. Meditation helps us find the path to love and joy, which is the ultimate message the angels wish to give us.
In our cluttered and harried world, we need a moment of quiet and go deep within ourselves. This is the best time to connect with the angels. They inspire us to reach for a higher level of love,peace, harmony and align ourselves with the Divine. Angels can only help us if we ask them.
This does not mean that they will deny us help in moments of great need. Think of a time when you did something without thinking that actually saved you. There was an angel by your side! Angels bring us peace and comfort. When they reach out to us, we feel the divine within us. It is a reminder that our physical selves are sacred temples of the divinity we share with our Creator.
Rudolf Steiner,a German philosopher and scientist,had a deep love and understanding of angels. According to him, angels communicate with us through images, thus we need to develop our imagination and intuition to be able to decode angelic messages.
We need to acknowledge their presence around us. Angels help us to make better choices, so that our words,thoughts and actions are in alignment with our higher selves and best interest without compromise. Angels assist us to find our deeper selves and be able to express it through creative pursuits, help us feel the joys of love, enjoy the serenity that comes with inner peace.
With a calmer state of mind, problems are not as overwhelming. We can see through the maze with clarity. Life flows. Angels are there for us when we feel alone.Angels are there when there is no one to reach out to. Call out to an angel who�ll be there to give comfort and solace.
At times when danger is imminent, an angel is there to warn us, to protect us and keep us safe. There is always an angel by our side.
© Copyright 2007, 2009 T. Stanfill Benns (This text may be downloaded or printed out for private reading, but it may not be uploaded to another Internet site or published, electronically or otherwise, without express written permission from the author.)
• Condemned by Pope Hadrian I, 785: “[That] without examination, priests are ordained in order that they may preside,” (DZ 301).
• Condemned by the decree Lamentibili, Pope St. Pius X, 1907: “They are to be considered free of blame who consider of no account the reprobations published by the Sacred Congregation of the Index or by other sacred Roman Congregations,” (DZ 2008).
• Pope Pius IX, Tuas Libentur, 1863: “It is not sufficient for learned Catholics to accept and revere the aforesaid dogmas of the Church…It is also necessary to subject themselves to the decisions pertaining to doctrine which are issued by the Pontifical Congregations, and also to those forms of doctrine which are held by the common and constant consent of Catholics as theological truths and conclusions, so certain that opinions opposed to these same forms of doctrine, although they cannot be called heretical, nevertheless deserve some other censure.”
1. “It is of the greatest importance to eliminate from the beginning, even before Tonsure and Minor Orders have been received, all those who are unfit for the office of priesthood or who lack Divine vocation…
2. “Before Tonsure, a petition signed by the candidate for orders together with personal information as to the fitness of the candidate is to be submitted to the Bishop.
3. The Bishop then asks the rector of the seminary to verify the qualifications of the candidate as manifested during his seminary stay.
4. The rector then consults the candidate’s teachers, director, and the alumni prefects to report to him, both in private and in a group, on the qualifications and fitness of the candidate.
5. Based on this the rector then submits his own judgment to the Bishop. The Bishop also orders the pastor of the candidate and his family to make careful inquiries into the student’s signs of a vocation, his virtues and his piety, also habits of life both past and present. Such questions as whether the candidate is fond of strong drink, is charitable and whether he is proper and truthful in speech are put to those in a position to know. The reputation of the candidate’s family, also whether family members have exercised any undue influence on the student, are to be investigated.
6. The Bishop must duly investigate any suspicions that the candidate has inherited some vice or abnormality from his parents, whether physical or psychical.
7. The Bishop shall interview the rector and vice-rector of the candidate’s seminary to determine sincerity of faith.
8. When advisable, other persons of outstanding character, either clerical or lay, who may be able to give special information, should also be interviewed; especially when a slight doubt remains concerning the moral character and canonical fitness of the candidate.
9. The whole frame of mind in particular of each candidate is to be investigated by the candidate’s own bishop who must determine whether the candidate fully understands the nature of the burdens he is assuming and whether they feel themselves able to shoulder all these burdens.
10. If admitted to Tonsure, the documents of these investigations are to be consulted once again when the candidate receives the order of subdeacon. At that time, the entire method, omitting, however, inquiries made to the family, must be updated and repeated before the subdeaconship is conferred.
11. The previous investigations are considered sufficient in receiving the order of Deaconship unless in the meantime some new circumstance or question has arisen to cast doubt on the candidate’s sincerity of purpose or moral fitness. (This Instruction was reviewed by the Cardinals and personally ratified and confirmed by Pope Pius XI.)
1. “These norms are arranged and harmonized with the prescriptions of the often-referred to Instruction [of Pope Pius XI, summarized in 1-12 above].”
2. “Salutary effects of the Instruction [Pius XI’s] have…been abundantly reaped in the places where its prescriptions have been diligently carried out. Such action was demanded by canonical discipline of the greatest importance, for it was the protection of this discipline the Instruction sought.”
3. “Thus provident care was taken that candidates often were prevented from receiving the priesthood who did not have a divine vocation…or were found by positive proofs to be lacking in canonical fitness for Orders.”
4. “The purpose [of this Instruction] is that the unworthy may in due time, even at the last moment, be absolutely held off from joining the sacred ranks lest dishonor and disgrace touch the Church of God…”
5. For still, priests continue to seek from Rome a declaration of the nullity of their Orders and a release from clerical obligations on the grounds of unfitness for priestly life, not properly detected by their superiors despite these and other directives.
6. “In order to guard as far as possible against any species of [such] complaint whatsoever, this Sacred Dicastery wishes by this letter to warn the most excellent Local Ordinaries that they should more searchingly and carefully examine candidates for Orders as to the possession or lack of canonical fitness.”
7. This instruction is to be read to seminarians each year at the end of their studies. Lectures are to be given on this Instruction in the course of their theology classes. In retreats before receiving Sacred Orders, retreat masters must speak at length on this subject. In their annual report to Rome, Bishops must inform the Apostolic See on their faithful fulfillment of the prescriptions of the Instruction…and Apostolic letters.
8. The Bishop must pass final judgment on the priestly vocation of their candidates, most earnestly examining it along with the canonical fitness of the candidates according to the norms given by approved authors of moral, ascetical and mystical theology. This fitness must be supported by positive proofs, especially concerning the virtue of chastity.
9. No threats of spiritual harm (eternal damnation, long purgatory) should be used against those doubting their own fitness; rather they should be urged to continue if they can, if superiors believe them worthy. But the choice to go or stay must be left to the candidate.
10. Whether a seminarian can persevere in chastity depends on whether he is physically and psychologically normal, and, as a result, is able to respond to the divine grace of vocation with full vigor in both the physical and psychic orders.
11. Very special attention is needed for the student who possibly may be classified as scrupulous, a neurotic, abulic [disorder of the will], hysterical, suffering from some nervous debility or one who is in any way physiologically or psychologically unsound, especially where sexual matters are concerned. A mature Catholic psychiatrist free of any tendencies to modern errors must examine the physical and psychological state of such students and determine whether they are fit to assume the duties of clerical life. Those lacking these necessary qualities, despite other qualities which may even be outstanding, must be counseled to withdraw from the priesthood.
12. Quoting the Instruction above, in 1957 the Sacred Congregation of Seminaries and Universities, after reminding Bishops of their solemn duty to exclude unworthy candidates from the seminary, allows Bishops to consider readmitting candidates who have been dismissed, but only after examining the previous investigations of their fitness. Then, after consulting this Congregation and providing further proofs of the candidate’s fitness, the Sacred Congregation ultimately decides if authority should be given to readmit the candidate.
(Canons 992-1001 in the 1917 Code of Canon Law cover prerequisites for ordination, including the necessity of the various examinations. Canon 130 stipulates that following ordination, priests must be examined annually for three years. Pope Pius XII further requires that after ordination, priests should then perfect their academic training in “a wisely gradated and prudently directed program of practical application…a special apprenticeship under the direction of learned and prudent priests who will mold the young by their example,” (“Sedes Sapientiae,” 1956; it should be noted here that this encyclical can easily be seen by its earmarks to issue from the ordinary magisterium and hence is infallible). It also should be mentioned here that when a vacancy occurs in an episcopal see, the bishops gather to recommend priest candidates to the Archbishop. They then discuss the merits of the priests recommended in a meeting and by a secret ballot they indicate whom they consider the most worthy candidates. All this is then forwarded to the Propaganda (a Roman office), which recommends a candidate to the Holy See for confirmation, (see also Cans. 330-331). So even bishops are not exempt from a version of this process.)
In his infallible encyclical on the direction and formation of religious and seminarians, “Sedes Sapientiae,” Pope Pius XII taught: “For it is obvious that those who aspire to exercise the priestly ministry in the state of perfection, and for whose benefit these norms are being laid down, must possess every quality necessary to constitute this many-sided vocation, religious, priestly and apostolic.” Before Pope Pius XII’s encyclical was ever issued, Rev. Charles Augustine, O.S.B. tells us under Can. 154 that “One is fit if he lacks none of the qualifications prescribed by law,” (“A Commentary on Canon Law”). In the cases at hand, how many of the above precautions have been observed?
1. It appears that many who considered themselves candidates for ordination did not understand the meaning of the term vocation, (calling of men already proven qualified by the valid and licit diocesan bishop to the priesthood) hierarchy, (defined by Pope Pius XII as validly and licitly ordained and consecrated priests, bishops and the Pope) or Church (the hierarchy, lesser clergy, religious and the laity, but primarily the hierarchy) in the same sense as that intended by the Church. This invalidates the calling of these men to the priesthood. Does Pope Pius XII’s infallible decree on interregnums invalidate their ordinations? Effectively, yes (see no. 11 below).
2. No determination of whether a true vocation existed was ever made by the valid and licit Bishop of these candidates’ domiciles.
3. None of the investigations necessary to enter the seminary were ever undertaken by legitimate authority, including the one required before tonsure, those required from the pastor and parents, and those required before conferral of subdeaconship.
4. No testing of the candidate’s progress or supervised development of the virtues ever took place under qualified confessors unquestionably in possession of jurisdiction.
5. It is not known whether any other issues which needed to be addressed ever arose among these candidates, but the times and human nature being what it is, it can be safely conjectured that they did arise.
6. No one is able to estimate or render an educated opinion as to whether the virtue of chastity was preserved in these seminaries. As the Instruction above states, the ability to preserve chastity depends on soundness of body and mind.
7. The presiding bishop’s interviews concerning sincerity of faith, if conducted, cannot be considered reliable.
8. No valid and licit spiritual guidance, formation or direction was ever received, when of all the requirements, this is considered the most important.
10. Likewise there could be no reliable follow up on assessments that were never made, if these were necessary, as suggested in the 1955 Instruction.
11. (Can. 2314 §1, n. 3 Revs. Woywod-Smith comment: “Infamy of law is a permanent impediment [to the reception of Holy Orders] unless a dispensation from the Holy See is obtained.” How many “priest candidates” were “not rightly ordained” in violation of this law? Canon 983 is the general law; Can. 984 no. 5 is infamy of law. This law disqualifies those who incur infamy of law from becoming priests unless they receive a papal dispensation. This is confirmed by Can. 2314 § no. 3, the canon on heresy, apostasy and schism: “(3) If they have joined a non-Catholic sect or have publicly adhered to it, they incur infamy ipso facto.” Without this dispensation, Pope Pius XII declares, these ordinations are “null and void” during an interregnum. Any attempted or presumed act during an interregnum that usurps papal jurisdiction is null and void, by infallible papal decree! Could the Roman Pontiff actually do this? He has all power to bind and loose and in this case he is binding the hands of all who would usurp papal jurisdiction. Did he intend to do this? “Vacantis Apostolica Sedis” forbids the cardinals to exercise pontifical jurisdiction or issue dispensations from the law during an interregnum and also orders them to prevent any others from infringing on such jurisdiction. These dispensations from permanent impediments were specially reserved to the Roman Pontiff for serious reasons. Permission to proceed in such matters cannot be presumed.
12. It must be noted that these candidates did believe they were attending a true seminary, but were taught in many instances by those who had not even been properly trained themselves. Can 1365 prescribes two years of philosophy and other allied courses and at least four years of dogmatic and moral theology, because these courses must also embrace the study of Sacred Scripture, church history, canon law, the liturgy, sacred eloquence, ecclesiastical chant and pastoral theology. Pastoral theology teaches priests to “apply in the care of souls the theology they have learned by exercises in the pastoral problems of the guidance of souls and the application of the ever-changing conditions of modern life and society,” (Instruction of Pope Pius XI, 1922). Of all the theologies, this has been the most neglected because it requires recourse to the experience and practice of others. Perhaps truly qualified priests and bishops, under the direction of a true pope, could shorten the seminary time in our circumstances to allow a few priest to function; perhaps the best qualified among the candidates. But no purported “Traditionalist” or “Conclavist” seminary today could hope to do so, since this would require the special permission of a future pope. As Pope Pius XII taught, when acting on any presumption of a dispensation from the laws of the Church during an interregnum, the act automatically becomes null and void.
Commenting further on Can. 976, Woywod-Smith write: “The Code again insists that the course of theology at least may not be made privately, but in the seminary…Can. 972 gave the same rule and stated that theologians must live in the seminary during the course of theology. In particular cases and for a grave reason, the Ordinary may allow a student to live outside the seminary, but that clause of Can 972 refers only to boarding outside the seminary, not to the pursuit of theological studies, which must be made in a school of theology and may not be made privately.” So private study of these subjects does not suffice. It appears, then, that in allowing Giovanni Montini to pursue his studies at home solely with the aid of tutors, religious superiors during the reign of Pope Benedict XV received an ill-advised dispensation, were following a very liberal interpretation of the law or were disobeying Canon Law and the exhortations of previous Popes. It is no wonder that having begun his career outside the law he would end it in the same fashion. This case should be a warning to all about the seriousness of this matter.
If the Church’s laws concerning admission to Holy Orders and pastoral offices seem strict, we must remember what Our Lady of La Salette said. (Whether the actual secret is included in the papal condemnation of the commentary is irrelevant; we can see that this secret has passed the true test required by every prophecy: it has since taken place.) Even in the 1800s, vengeance was hanging over the heads of the clergy. And Our Lady warned that even in those times, no one was worthy to offer the Holy Sacrifice. Bad priests were the Church’s ruin and holy priests will be Her only salvation. As St. Thomas of Aquinas and other theologians have said, better a few holy priests than many mediocre ones.
When Vee is picked to be a player in NERVE, an anonymous game of dares broadcast live online, she discovers that the game knows her. They tempt her with prizes taken from her ThisIsMe page and team her up with the perfect boy, sizzling-hot Ian. At first it’s exhilarating–Vee and Ian’s fans cheer them on to riskier dares with higher stakes. But the game takes a twisted turn when they’re directed to a secret location with five other players for the Grand Prize round. Suddenly they’re playing all or nothing, with their lives on the line. Just how far will Vee go before she loses NERVE?
Review : I must admit that when I read the synopsis of this novel, I was immediately intrigued. A book about the excesses of reality shows and Internet ? The subject seemed very interesting and I was curious to see how the author would deal with it. Unfortunately, I have to say that I was a little disappointed because the subject is not treated with depth. The prologue was quite promising though and I expected an exciting and suspenseful story, but my enthusiasm fell flat in Chapter 1 when we meet the heroine.
Vee is a teenager who despite the fact that she is surrounded by friends, feels ill at ease. Since her “accident” occurred a few months ago, her parents forbid her to go out, except when she has to makeup her school friends for the high school play. Moreover, Vee is tired to live constantly in the shadow of her best friend Sydney. And things only get worse when Matthew, the boy she has a crush for some time, seems more interested in her best friend. She registers in NERVE, a new online game, to impress him. At first, the dares seem feasible although completely stupid but gradually she will be driven into an endless spiral.
I didn’t connect with Vee. She is a superficial, materialistic and selfish teenager. NERVE lures her with several gifts all as futile as each other and every time she falls into the trap. She pretends she is tired of living behind the scenes, so she has nothing better to do than take up dares and humiliating challenges to win insignificant gifts. Gradually the game takes her away from her parents, her entourage and despite the advices of her friends who tell her to stop everything, she still wants to continue.
It’s terrible to see her to react like that. The heroine becomes in a very short time completely addicted to this game. She accepts all the challenges without worrying about those who are worried about her. Fortunately in this story, she met Ian. He is handsome but he is also addicted to this game like Vee and he takes his dares very seriously. He will be an invaluable ally for Vee. Regardless of whether we like or dislike it, we must admit that they both form a good team. But is Ian really trustworthy? We can not help but ask this question throughout the novel. I found however unfortunate that the author does not dwell a little more about him. Of course, we learn progressively many things about him but Jeanne Ryan only passes quickly over it. And it is also the same for Sydney and Tommy, the author preferring to focus on Vee and the dares.
Another point that annoyed me: the lack of information about NERVE. I wanted to know more about the organizers of this game, those who pull the strings. In the last chapter, everything happen too quickly and we don’t really get the answers, which is quite frustrating. That said the story is still quite addictive. The oppressive atmosphere and the seedy side of the game have managed to make this story very exciting.
To conclude, Nerve is a novel that certainly may seem annoying in some ways but still remains quite interesting, especially as it makes you think about a current issue. The author wanted to send a message here and we can say that she has succeeded. This book is principally intended for young adults but also fragile or easily influenced people.
Sounds like an interesting concept, but rough to pull off. And sounds like the games became a huge addiction. Wow. Thanks for sharing about it!
Good to ehar that it is interesting and entertaining, but the annoying aspects seem to water that down
It’s the lack of information about the game at the end that annoyed me. It could have been a very good novel if it wasn’t only focused on Vee and her addiction.
I’m glad it still was entertaining. I guess that is what I do like in the end, but I don’t know. I don’t think I would like or connect with Vee either and I would also have to know more about NERVE. Might bug me too much. However, loved your review! 🙂
Hmmm… this reminds me of Erebos which I read just last week. That too is about an addictive online game. I might have to read this book to see how they compare.
-Don't make it so if you use Advanced shots u shoot farther. That is not fair at all to the people who play Traditional shots.
-It would be nice if they removed advance swing but it's most likely not going to happen but I'd like it
-Maybe make a new one for psp and make it so you can turn it compatible w/ psp vers. so you unlock a special character or something.
-add a special course that doesn't have to do with dinosaurs. maybe one thats on a different planet or from some different ps3 game.
Man, that road is a road too oft travelled. Surely if there is no upside, don't use it? You don't use standard balls when you have a choice. I consider HSG far less screwed by DLC than TW.
it's okay to ask for an upside to using trad, and to also request the upside for adv to be eliminated, lol.
Hi GnomeWizard, and welcome to the site. That's a fine list of suggestions. Sounds like you're a veteran of the game and the series. Looking forward to you joining the discussions here. We're a pretty laid back helpful group, except when poked like a bear in a cage.
I hate being poked, anyway there will most likely be trophies if Clap Hanz has enough heart to release a new HSG Game (assuming for the PS3).
As Cartman told me a while back, Sony made it a requirement for all PS3 games (Starting in 2009? ) to have trophy support.
I dont think clap hanz added any characters from the previous games to the new installments for unknown reasons. thats a shame, really. because you get a feeling that you have a favorite character and you wanted to see him/her return in one installment but instead being left out as a cameo appearence, that sucks....
Reviving a year old thread isn't a good thing man, and I understand there are rooms for improvements in this golfing game, I wish we had better characters with unique personalities rather than the dull boring ones that they gave us. The only ones I like from HSG WI are, Yuna, Grace, Gloria, and Max. I remember when the characters where interesting, like they had a story that shine through them, now they are just kind of meh. The courses have improved but then got a bit worse in HSG WI. Out of Bounds had some beautiful courses and made it so you can look around and see some secret areas to get a head.
I'm sure that if WI were a fully fledged PS3 game rather than a handheld port, the holes would be less linear. That said, there are still alternative methods for most holes on a risk/reward basis. For the most part, WI makes OOB look clunky and old. Being able to pick the contents of your own bag would be practical though, and useful. Might have to delete that belly putter soon though.
hi guys was talking online about different shot types and people were saying that traditional was not too good as a trad user was wondering if there are benefits from using other shot types. i.e more distance better accuracy more forgiving ?
Month: Aug 2017 Sep 2017 Oct 2017 Nov 2017 Dec 2017 Jan 2018 Feb 2018 Mar 2018 Apr 2018 May 2018 Jun 2018 Jul 2018 Aug 2018 Sep 2018 Oct 2018 Nov 2018 Dec 2018 Jan 2019 Feb 2019 Mar 2019 Apr 2019 May 2019 Jun 2019 Jul 2019 Aug 2019
Public sex draws a crowd. Last call in an Irish bar: Bisexual teens share a cock. New xxx video sexy. Aged lesbian videos. Naughty mature teacher makes two teens kiss and lick each other. New college lesbian lovers. They are really hot! A couple of tipsy girls lick and fuck in threesome. Lesbian gives my GF tremendous orgasm.
I ate that pussy every chance I got for the month we were together Can still smell the juices on my lips mmmmmmm. Hogtied busty girl getting her mouth fucked pussy stimulated with vibrator in the dungeon. Girl getting her ass spanked to red because caught on kissing with girl in the room. Getting naked in public videos. Gonna watch it again now Max September 27, British teens FFM threesome. Amateur wives fucking each other with a rubber cock.
Old shorthaired ripe lesbian games. Latest Rating Views Length Favored. Please try again later. Older lesbians strap on plastic cock sexual intercourse. Busty girl with tied arms getting her pussy licked fucked sucking in the dungeon. Blindfolded slim girl getting her body massaged with oil legs and arms tied armpit body licked nippl.
NaughtyAllie and her married friends have swinger orgy. Bella thorne naked having sex. Production Quality Homemade or Professional. She cums right away after she does that. Public sex draws a crowd. I wish they were squirting over my face. Aged lesbian videos. Girl with huge tits tied to machinge getting fingered whipped fucked with toys in the dungeon. Hogtied girl clips on nipples vibrator in her pussy getting mouth and pussy fucked with toys by the. Older lesbians strap on plastic cock sexual intercourse. Escort girl ho chi minh. Please send any copyright reports to: Latest Rating Views Length Favored.
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of use. Ads by Traffic Junky. I like horny mature white ladies! The dual pussy rubbing at the end with the squirts is a bonus! Redhead girl tied arms getting her pussy fingered whipped stimulated with vibrator while hanging jer. Randyrita July 24, Brunette girl getting her ass spanked with paddle to red by the director to avoid police in the offi. Teen girls learn lesbian style masturbating with their teacher. Name contains invalid characters.
Aged shorthaired mother lesbian games. Amateur moms fucking each other with a dildo. Girl with harness hanging getting electricty to her nipples pussy stimulated with vibrator by mistre. Busty milf escort. Girl tied to floor with legs up getting fingered whipped stimulated with vibrator in the dungeon.
Already have an account? Lustful lesbian teacher makes her teen coeds fuck each other. Luv2Lik June 5, Kacey Musgraves is the musical guest, and she sings High Horse under a glittering saddle dangling from the ceiling.
From the very beginning, she starts sucking on my cock she is looking at it with amazement. She sucks deeper and deeper until her head starts bobbing in a fashion of a proper blowjob and at this point I just feel ecstatic.
Jasson Melo pictured was thrown in jail by Justice Robert Mandelbaum. This guy is trying to outsmart me, but I can tell he has something hiding under the blankets.
On July 4th, it's Sex Dependance Day. The naked girls latch on to his cock and balls, one of them sucking and stroking his dick while the other licks and sucks his balls. The Delhi Police on Tuesday denied the allegations, saying that the towel-clad man, accused in over two dozen criminal cases, was trying to resist arrest when his towel slipped off.
Florida woman finally loses her virginity at 32 after being cured of rare condition. More info in the FAQ. Edit Comment The way they talk, seems to have been in Mexico. Don't have an account?
Afternoon session of DNA Special Interest Group. If you can not make this there is an evening session at 6:60 pm.
Evening session for the DNA Special Interest Group. There is and afternoon session at 1:30 if you can not make the evening session. Membership is suggested.
Special Interest Group that explores Ancestry.com and learns how to use it in your genealogical research. Open to all.
Sign up for email updates on the contact us page and receive a coupon for a free quart with purchase.
Kate Michael, @theauthentikate, is a Writer/Model/On-Camera Host and Event Emcee. Notable as the Founder and current Editor-At-Large of K Street Magazine, Kate started the site while serving as Miss District of Columbia 2006 and competing in Miss America (2007). Currently, Kate works as a professional spokesperson and model, walking the runway for such industry icons as Valentino, Derek Lam, Naeem Kahn and Oscar de la Renta. Her media portfolio includes a spread in Elle magazine and features on Inside Edition and BBC World News’ “The Real Cities” series. You’ll catch her interviewing guests on DC’s NewChannel8′s Let’s Talk Live and showcasing products on BestBuy.com, as well as work appearing on NBC, Fox, Comcast and local print publications.
America’s Promise Alliance, the nation’s largest network dedicated to improving the lives of children and youth, will honor six exceptional leaders with its Promise of America and Promise Hero Awards on April 18. The awards will be presented by General Colin Powell and Alma Powell, the founding chair and chair of America’s Promise, at the fourth annual Promise Night Gala which will be held at the Newseum in Washington, DC.
The Promise of America award, the organization’s highest honor, recognizes extraordinary individuals who have made an exceptional difference in the lives of young people and, through their work, have demonstrated the power of the Five Promises – caring adults, safe places, a healthy and safe start, an effective education, and opportunities to serve – to change the odds, transform lives, and build positive futures.
“Our honorees are extraordinary leaders, working diligently to make the promise of America real for every child,” said Alma J. Powell, chair, America’s Promise. “As we enter our third decade of work on behalf of young people in this country, these individuals remind us of the impact we can have if we use our time, talents and influence to make life better for the next generation.”
“Promise Night is an opportunity for us to celebrate the successes of our honorees while being inspired by their community and national impact,” said John Gomperts, president & CEO of America’s Promise. “Their commitment to the advancement of young people is essential to keeping youth on the path to adult success. America’s Promise is proud to recognize such a dedicated group.”
Katherine and David Bradley are co-founders of the CityBridge Foundation, a private family foundation based in Washington, D.C. In 2000, CityBridge began investigating successful practices for combating entrenched, multigenerational poverty—all with the intention of launching a new, signature program in Washington, D.C. CityBridge Education, a nonprofit enterprise dedicated to advancing equity and opportunity for all children, was launched out of CityBridge Foundation as an education incubator that seeks out the teachers, leaders, and school teams with the ideas and the drive to create new, better models of school in Washington, D.C.
Dr. Michael Lomax is president and CEO of UNCF, the nation’s largest private provider of scholarships and other educational support to African American students and a leading advocate of college readiness: students’ need for an education, from pre-school through high school, that prepares them for college success. Under his leadership, UNCF has raised more than $2.5 billion and helped more than 92,000 students earn college degrees and launch careers.
Sondra Samuels is the president & CEO of Northside Achievement Zone (NAZ), a collaborative of over 40 partner non-profits and schools. Along with parents, students, partners, and staff, Ms. Samuels is leading a revolutionary culture shift in North Minneapolis that is focused on ending multigenerational poverty through education and family stability. The NAZ collaborative is working toward a single goal—to prepare low-income North Minneapolis children to graduate from high school college and career-ready.
Jeff Weiner is the CEO of LinkedIn, the world’s largest professional network with more than 546 million users in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. Under his leadership, LinkedIn for Good has reached more than 1 million underserved youth, veterans, refugees, employees and nonprofits, connecting them to greater economic opportunities. Most recently, they’ve introduced LinkedIn Coaches, their signature program to connect underserved young adults and other underrepresented communities to the mentors, networks, and jobs they need to succeed.
In addition, this year America’s Promise will also recognize one individual who has made a sustained commitment and unheralded contributions to young people.
Dr. Wintley Phipps is founder and CEO of US Dream Academy, an organization dedicated to helping the nation’s children reach for their dreams through academic, social, and values enrichment; empowering young people most at risk of incarceration to believe in themselves and to succeed. In addition to his role with the US Dream Academy, Dr. Phipps is a world-renowned vocal artist, education activist, motivational speaker, pastor. For his work at the U.S. Dream Academy he has received numerous service awards, among them: The Excellence in Mentoring for Program Leadership Award from MENTOR/National Mentoring Partnerships; the Oprah Winfrey Angel Network Use Your Life Award; and Philanthropist of the Year Award from The National Center for Black Philanthropy, Inc.
Last year’s Promise of America Award recipients included Kenneth I. Chenault, former chairman and CEO of American Express Company; Common, hip-hop artist, actor, and founder of the Common Ground Foundation; Arne Duncan, managing partner of Emerson Collective; Bryan Stevenson, executive director of Equal Justice Initiative; and Dorothy Stoneman, founder of YouthBuild.
In 2017, the Promise Hero Award was given to singer and songwriter Andra Day, and New England Patriot Malcolm Mitchell.
The title sponsor for the 2018 Promise Night Gala is the Ford Foundation. This year’s platinum sponsor is Salesforce. Gold sponsors include Kenneth and Kathryn Chenault, College Board, the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, Say Yes to Education, State Farm and the Walton Family Foundation.
– On Nov. 14, 2018, NCMEC will host its first ROCK THE BLOCK. Guests will enjoy specialty plates and craft drinks at more than 12 of Old Town Alexandria’s top restaurants and food trucks in one evening – all for one price. All proceeds from… Read More
Thursday, Nov. 15; 6 p.m. National Museum of the American Indian, Rasmuson Theater, Washington, D.C. Steve Inskeep, host of NPR’s Morning Edition, is also the author of “Jacksonland,” a history of President Andrew Jackson’s long-running conflict with John Ross, a Cherokee chief who resisted the removal… Read More
DC women will soon be able to get their hands on the bra that Vogue called “the most comfortable bra you will ever wear.” On Thursday, November 15 from 7 to 9 pm, Adams Morgan event space BUREAU is hosting a pop-up event to showcase Underbares, a local undergarments company… Read More
Join in on November 16, 2018 from 6:00-10:00PM for an ArtJamz Neon Paint Party celebrating the Fall Season in the District. During an ArtJamz Neon Paint Party you can paint our walls (or buy a canvas) using neon paint while under a blacklight. Tickets for the Neon Paint Party are $15 per person.… Read More
Crazy Cakes takes viewers behind the scenes to bakeries across America who are creating the craziest cakes imaginable. From gravity-defying wedding cakes to life-size animal replicas, this series will blow your mind as we see how these bakers create and build these delicious artistic edible creations.
“Happy cows come from California,” or so the saying goes. But where do happy patients come from? Wisconsin.
At least that’s what a 2013 post said on NPR’s Shots blog, that looked at Medicare reimbursement rates that were in part based on patient satisfaction scores. Hospitals with higher satisfaction rates included those in Maine, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Utah and Wisconsin. Those getting reduced reimbursement included hospitals in California, Connecticut, Nevada, New Mexico, New York, North Dakota, Washington and Wyoming.
I admit I was skeptical when I first heard about the patient satisfaction component to Medicare reimbursement that was part of the Affordable Care Act. I still am a bit. I definitely think patients should be satisfied with their experiences and get the best care they can get, but I’ve often felt like institutional attempts to make patients happy are attempts to cover up for poor patient care.
I’ve been to physicians’ offices that could rival hotel lobbies only to have those practitioners miss important and life-threatening diseases. Sure it looked nice and they had free coffee, but when it came down to giving good medical care their meticulously designed waiting room was of no help.
It seems I’m not alone in my skepticism. Recently I’ve run across some voices who claim patient satisfaction is doing more than acting as a distraction to subpar care; it’s actually driving poor quality and non-evidence-based practice.
Steven Salzberg a columnist for Forbes is not one who thinks the patient is always right. In his opinion piece, “Dr. House Was Right: Give Patients What They Need, Not What They Want” Salzberg proclaims his love of the TV show “House,” as well as a preference for competence over bedside manner. In other words, he’d gladly receive care from the prickly Dr. House, who is known for always being right and not necessarily giving patients what they want, than to have a nice or kind doctor who accommodates his requests.
Salzberg thinks the physician should run the show and the patient should be a grateful and quiet participant in his or her care. Of course he’s talking about actual medical procedures, not preventative care and general health maintenance.
Salzberg mentions another voice against patient satisfaction ratings influencing patient care, William Sonnenberg, MD. Sonneberg wrote a piece for Medscape in March 2014 called Patient Satisfaction is Overrated. In the piece he brings up a point regarding satisfaction scores that I had not before considered—dependence on patient satisfaction scores, specifically Press Ganey, can lead to poorer patient care.
How? He shares the story of a colleague who approached him after Sonnenberg gave a presentation about RSV treatment. Sonnenberg advocated for educating parents (RSV most commonly affects children) on the course of the virus, which he said would keep the child out of the ER or urgent care center thus preventing them from being prescribed unneeded antibiotics.
To me this actually sounds reasonable and like great patient-centered care—educating the family and preventing unnecessary treatment. What patient wouldn’t be happy with that?
The colleague, however, told Sonnenberg that while he agreed, this treatment plan wouldn’t fly thanks to patient satisfaction scores. Basically, the colleague felt obligated to prescribe antibiotics because it would make the parents “happy.” As I see it, he was saying his prescribing antibiotics would make the parents feel like the he was listening to their concerns and taking action, thus improving the satisfaction scores he would receive from them. The fear of getting a talking to from hospital administration and losing reimbursement dollars was affecting the way this physician treated his patients.
Another physician who is suspect of patient satisfaction scores is Karen S. Siebert. In her opinion piece “The Problem of Pain: When The Best Medical Advice Doesn’t Equal Patient Satisfaction,” she talks about the fine line physicians must walk when treating pain, “to treat it responsibly, stay on the good side of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), and still score high marks in patient satisfaction surveys.”
Siebert says that conservative treatment like over-the-counter NSAIDS and physical therapy will likely lead to unhappy patients and poor satisfaction scores. However, she points out, over prescribing controlled medications is not necessarily practicing responsible medicine. Physicians are left with two choices. 1.) Risk getting poor satisfaction scores that lower Medicare reimbursement and make hospital administrators very unhappy. Or, 2.) Unnecessarily prescribe controlled substances to create happy, but drug-dependent patients and receive good satisfaction scores.
So what exactly is being asked on the patient satisfaction surveys that put physicians, and healthcare professionals in general between such a rock and a hard place? You can find a copy of Medicare’s survey here. On it you’ll find questions like:
During this hospital stay, after you pressed the call button, how often did you get help as soon as you wanted it?
During this hospital stay, how often did the staff do everything they could to help you with your pain?
When I left the hospital, I had a good understanding of the things I was responsible for in managing my health.
The questionnaire is about 12 pages long but this is a good sampling of some of the questions asked on it. What strikes me about the questions is that they are vague. How is courtesy and respect defined? Is it comfy couches and free beverages in the waiting area? What’s a reasonable time to wait for a call light to be answered because, let’s face it, unless you have one-to-one staffing it’s impossible for nurses answer call lights within 30 seconds. How specifically is a doctor’s “listening carefully” defined?
Because of the vagueness of the questions, I can see why physicians feel frustrated. Without specific markers you can’t get a good feeling for what exactly patients are dissatisfied about. Perhaps a better question is, “Was your call button answered within 15 minutes or less?”
Instead of making healthcare into a situation where the patient is always right and the healthcare staff is always wrong, or like in Dr. House’s case, a situation where the doctor is always right and the patient is always wrong, we need to focus on working with the patient as part of a team. Healthcare providers need to listen to the patient, explain the rational behind treatment plans and work with the patient to ensure the best outcomes. Those outcomes need to be taken into account when analyzing these scores.
Patients, in turn, need to admit that they play a key role in satisfaction. They must be willing to ask questions about a treatment plan, voice their concerns if they think it won’t work and be open to honestly trying the provider’s recommended course of care. In truth, we all know or have been patients who want easy fixes to things like obesity or pain control and aren’t willing to try more conservative measures like diet and exercise or physical therapy before jumping to surgery or prescriptions.
A survey with raw scores isn’t enough to tell us what is really going on when it comes to patient satisfaction. Is patient satisfaction important? Yes, but we must find a way to measure it so it captures the whole situation rather than data point on the radar.
What do you think would be the best way to measure patient satisfaction? Is there a better way than Press Ganey? We’d love to hear your ideas below in the comments, or you can tweet them to me @Jen_NurseEditor.
Data-filled electronic health records hold the promise of predictive, personalized medicine and improved population health. Up until now, much of the data retrieved from records is structured data, information recorded in specific data fields. However, the total amount of structured data accounts for as little as 20% of the EHR with as much as 80% of EHR data unstructured. For example, all MD and other health care provider notes anhd all written reports accompanying examinations (e.g., radiologic data) is unstructured data.
Barriers to retrieving and analyzing unstructured data are many. (Quoting from @Clinithink) It’s messy, dispersed/disconnected, complex, non uniform/non standardized, varied, and inconsistent — all features that make retrieval, filtering, and analysis difficult. Historically, this data has been accessed manually — an inefficient, time consuming process.
Technological projects to get at this elusive data are, however, ongoing and increasing in number, with partnerships between various data analytic firms and hospital systems. A few examples include:
IBM’s Watson & Memorial Sloan Kettering looked using unstructured data to help improve decisions for lung cancer treatment. Results have been positive, cutting pre-approval times from 72 hrs to nearly real time.
Clinithink CLiX CNLP (Clinical Natural Language Processing) and Swansea University’s Farr Institute (UK). The results improved population health outcomes with reduced cost.
Additionally, unstructured data analysis has been employed by health plans and ACOs to calculate participant profiles to better anticipate and accurately assess risk, and by researchers to help identify clinical trial candidates.
Let’s discuss the topic of unstructured data during this week’s #HITsm chat. Below are the topics. If you are unable to participate in the chat, please leave your thoughts on the topics in the comments!
How will the analysis of Unstructured Data aid in healthcare delivery: for MDs/Providers/Patients/Payers?
Given the base data is text, can you think of creative presentations of the analyzed data that may especially engage MDs/Providers/Patients/Payers?
This is where you can ask any questions about fertility / infertility that do not fall into one of the other categories.
“Should old acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, and old lang syne?”
I must admit to only just realising what the lyrics of that New Year’s chant/song actually were. Perhaps because people only ever seem to drink it when drunk on New Year’s. Either way, it’s basically about forgetting stuff, so in essence we are already priming ourselves to forget all about the New Year’s resolutions we’ve just made.
If you are feeling bad for failing at your New Year’s resolutions already, fear not, for there is a holiday 17th January just for you. Today is Ditch New Year’s Resolutions Day, the special day when we are allowed to ditch all of those poorly constructed and entirely unrealistic New Year’s resolutions we just made the previous few weeks and have most likely already failed at.
Check out Are New Year’s resolutions all that and a bag of potato chips? to find out what’s wrong with the top 10 most commonly chosen resolutions, as well as some tips on how to set meaningful goals and give yourself a decent chance of achieving them. Like always, I still find a way to talk about Justin Beiber bringing about the apocalypse.
Owen apparently has aspirations to be omnipotent, based on his interest in learning a lot about everything. He also plans to learn how to live well forever, or at least long enough to get a letter from the Queen (or a Queen) on his 100th birthday. In the mean time, he just posts his findings about immortal omnipotence for Healthy Geek.
Are New Year's resolutions all that and a bag of potato chips? Ditch New Year's Resolutions Day Holidays Justin Beiber is destroying civilisation New Year's Fail New Year's resolutions
AI-Based Class III Medical Device of JLK Inspection First Approved by Ministry of Food and Drug Safety of South Korea | Health Magazine Singapore l Singapore Health Magazine l Healthy Times Magazine
AI-Based Class III Medical Device of JLK Inspection First Approved by Ministry of Food and Drug Safety of South Korea
SEOUL, South Korea, Sept. 6, 2018 /PRNewswire/ — JLK Inspection (CEO Wontae Kim), a member company of the K-ICT Born2Global Centre, announced that its ischemic stroke diagnosis-supporting software JBS-01K has been first approved by Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) of South Korea as an AI-based class III computer aided diagnosis system.
JBS-01K has been first approved by Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) of South Korea as an AI-based class III computer aided diagnosis system.
Caused by a blood clot in patients’ brain, ischemic stroke leads them to aftereffects and reduced performance in exercise ability. As South Korea is becoming an aging society, it is expected that the number of ischemic stroke patients will increase rapidly. Ischemic stroke has different treatments and prognosis by its occurrence subtypes, thus it is crucial to identify the stroke subtype. To analyze brain MR images of patients enables exact stroke subtype classification, quick and appropriate treatments, and a better prognosis.
JBS-01K is developed by JLK Inspection’s own AI technology. It is an AI-based medical image diagnosis-supporting system which assists medical specialists in diagnosing the cause of ischemic stroke more than detecting brain lesions. When brain MR images and atrial fibrillation presence of patients are entered into JBS-01K, this software shows the probability of four ischemic stroke subtypes to support the physicians and their diagnosis.
The MFDS of South Korea uses a four-class classification of medical devices by their intended use and potential hazard to human. More specifically, an AI-based medical device is classified according to how the device shows the diagnosis results. ‘Computer aided diagnosis software’, which analyzes medical images and automatically shows the probability of presence, severity, or condition of the diseases, is classified as class III, while class II includes ‘analyzer, medical image, software’ and ‘computed aided detection system’ which shows the area of medical images.
JBS-01K is currently the only medical device classified as ‘computer aided diagnosis software’ (A26430.14) and approved by the MFDS through a large-scale and multi-center clinical trial for safeness and effectiveness.
In 2017, the first investigation application of AI-based medical device in class III for JBS-01K was approved by the MFDS. The multi-center clinical trial was conducted for five months at Dongguk University Ilsan Hospital and Seoul National University Bundang Hospital, and it used the medical data of 1,089 subjects, which was a large-scale clinical trial the world had never seen before regarding AI-based medical device.
The clinical trial was conducted to compare neurologists and JBS-01K independently in terms of the diagnosis results of ischemic stroke subtypes. Assuming JBS-01K as the medical specialist level, an evaluation of the results to check the agreement between JBS-01K and neurologists did prove that performance of the AI-based software is as high as the level of medical specialists according to the multi-center clinical trial with 1,089 subjects.
Made by using big data of brain MR images and clinical information together with the team of neurology professor Dong-Eog Kim of Dongguk University Ilsan Hospital, JBS-01K can provide a data-based quantitative analysis of ischemic stroke subtypes and help the physicians to give patients personalized diagnoses and proper treatments. The use of JBS-01K is expected to improve the prognosis and the life of each patient and reduce the social cost of a nation. In the case of South Korea, the number of MRI units per each million people is 26.3, which ranks fourth according to the OECD data in 2015. This is why JBS-01K is expected to be widely used in not only big hospitals but many medical institutions with MRI units in South Korea.
Meanwhile, JLK Inspection has applied for FDA Approval Submission for JBS-01K and is finding various ways to enter the overseas market such as China and Europe with its international partners.
In addition to JBS-01K, JLK Inspection has built CT-based and MRI-based solutions which cover the whole range of hyperacute and acute cerebrovascular diseases. An AI-based dementia diagnosis platform is currently in development and it will be released in the market to treat the patients as soon as possible. JLK Inspection becomes a global leader in the medical industry with their own AI technology development to save people against varied diseases professionally.
About JLK INSPECTION JLK INSPECTION (www.jlk-inspection.com), established in 2014, is Korean leading AI solution company specializing in combining artificial intelligence and image-processing technologies. JLK Inspection is expanding its business scope to build an AI-based general and universal medical platform to cover various diseases and conditions such as brain stroke, brain aneurysm, dementia, prostate cancer, lung cancer and digital pathology, among others, by working in close cooperation with globally renowned hospitals and research centers.
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ai-based-class-iii-medical-device-of-jlk-inspection-first-approved-by-ministry-of-food-and-drug-safety-of-south-korea-300707711.htmlRelated Links :http://www.jlk-inspection.com
Coca-Cola, Kroger, PepsiCo, Bureau Veritas to Lead at 2019 USA Edition of Break the ceiling touch the sky(R) – the success and leadership summit on Feb 4, 2019 in New York
Adenomyosis apricots communication with children coronary artery bypass surgery dental diet diet side effects downloads events extreme food reduction fruits rich in fibre fruits rich in vitamin A Health Healthcare insurance Menopause news parent-child relationships proper interaction with children rapid weight loss screening sexually disease transmitted disease treatment urinary Women
Connecting to your existing Documentum repository including industry solutions, such as Life Sciences, couldn’t be easier. You can instantly link D2 Mobile to your current repository, simply by configuring the startup screen. No installation or integration necessary.
D2 Mobile is a lightweight mobile app that links directly to your document repository allowing users to browse, access, search and approve all your content, from any IOS device no matter where it lives.
D2 Mobile utilizes an encrypted tunnel to connect remote users directly to your on-premises repository, ensuring end-to-end secure access to documents and content, without having to open any ports within your firewall.
Whether in the office or on-the-road, D2 Mobile removes business bottlenecks by providing a best-in-class user experience that makes managing tasks and accessing content a breeze.
Users can quickly log in and view the all their pending tasks and review and approve them through the simplified UX within just couple of clicks, even allowing authorizations through Apple’s Touch ID available on iPhone and iPad.
D2 Mobile is a lightweight app designed to easily browse, access, search and approve all content – no matter where it lives – and eliminates the need to jump across different, custom apps to work with your content.
Allow executives to remain productive even while on the go. Users can quickly search, review and approve documents directly through their smart phone no matter where they are.
Information is the key to better decision making. D2 Mobile provides access to all documents all the time. Instant access to information allows users to make better decisions about issues impacting your business.
Expanding the use and access to your existing ECM with a remote access SaaS based solution allows enterprises to increase their return on investment without additional capital costs on hardware, software or even expensive implementations.
Accessing your content, when you need it, has never been easier. D2 Mobile has a simple, intuitive interface, allowing users to access and securely browse your ECM repository, including rich media such as images and video, anytime from anywhere. You can easily perform common repository tasks such as search and preview, download content for offline access, engage in collaborative activities, and participate in business processes.
When you demand quality but require value, modern modular construction delivers. Express Modular is the only nationwide builder of modular homes in America and we lead the industry in innovation. Our process reduces overhead, keeps your custom home project on schedule and produces high-quality custom built homes. By using state-of-the-art design systems, we can create highly customized floor plans using the flexibility of modular design. From 500 to 3,500 sq. ft. and larger, we can design your new home and deliver it using modular construction quickly. Gone are the days of waiting up to a year to construct your custom home. As a leader in custom, on-your-lot construction, our team is with you every step of the way as you create your dream home.
The construction process takes place at a state-of-the-art factory built with the sole intention of constructing custom modular homes protected under roof. How is this different from other custom builders? With traditional, historic, outdoor construction methods your home can be subject to weather, water, mud, etc. Express Modular builds your home indoors in segments called modules within a modern, climate- controlled factory. Once completed, the modules are shipped directly to your project site. Our expertise, which we share with you, lies in creating custom homes, while efficiently and effectively delivering your home at the highest value available today.
The Albany has a U-shaped kitchen and is open to the dining room. The master bathroom has a garden tub...
This home is perfect for any place with a view. With its gables, dormers and wrap around porch it has...
Cross over into a life of comfort and class with the Bainbridge plan. You’ll gain an appreciation for its features...
If you’re ready for a home with awesome style that raises the bar, consider the Afton Villa plan. It’s a...
The Anna is one our favorites for many reasons. It has great curb appeal with its octagon bump out and...
This Awesome Tiny House Cabin has everything you need. It has a great open floor plan and a nice sized...
This home is great for the family just starting out or someone downsizing. It is charming on the outside and...
The Apollo is the perfect blend. Get the openness and view of a chalet home with the space and livability...
The construction process takes place at a state-of-the-art factory built with the sole intention of constructing custom modular homes protected under roof. How is this different from other custom builders? With traditional, historic, outdoor construction methods your home can be subject to weather, water, mud, etc. Express Modular builds your home indoors in segments called modules within a state-of-the-art, climate- controlled factory. Once completed, the modules are shipped directly to your project site. Our expertise, which we share with you, lies in creating custom homes, while efficiently and effectively delivering your home at the highest value available today.
While your new home is being constructed in the factory, not only are there additional inspections from an outside third party inspection agency and higher quality control, but our building materials are never exposed to the elements. This provides you with a cleaner home and one that has a far lower chance for mold, mildew, and pest infestation. The key to quality built modular homes is the use of protected materials and eliminating weather related issues. By keeping all building materials true and square, your home will be built to the highest quality possible.
Site built construction just doesn’t stand up to the forces that modular construction is constructed to withstand. Strength is built right into our modular homes to guarantee it is flawlessly installed on the foundation at your home site. A modular home can consist of as few as two modules and be made up of as many as 15 or even more. Modular design flexibility means your home can be built in practically any style: Chalet, Cape Cod, Two Story, Arts and Crafts, Contemporary, etc. You can get all of the advantages modular construction offers over traditionally built homes with no need to give up the style you want or the exterior finish you want. The only thing that separates a finished modular home from a site built home is the factory quality that was designed in.
Express Modular builds custom homes. While we may have thousands of standard home plans to review, we rarely build with them. Our prospective home buyers will use those plans as a “good start” towards designing their own custom home plan or they will supply us with a custom house plan from a different source. Some will use our free design tool and create their own house plan for us to “modularize” and use it to build their custom home. We are exclusive partners with a major custom house plan company, Architectural Designs, which makes available in excess of 28,000 custom house plans. We have joined with them to develop a modular friendly custom home plan collection that gives you access to thousands of plans that can be purchased and built using modular construction.
There is really no such thing as a modular home. Modular is a construction technique, not a type of home. Express Modular is a custom home builder that chooses to only use modular construction for delivery of our custom built homes. Because we are the only nationwide modular home builder we have distinct experience and insights that give you an advantage. Almost all custom builders only build homes in small geographic areas limiting their exposure to ideas, new methods, and unique building materials. You get the benefit of our broad exposure to how custom homes are built across the country.
Visit our partner, ArchitecturalDesigns.com to browse thousands more Certified Modular Friendly house plans.
Modern modular construction means less homeowner headaches. Indoor construction in a controlled environment means exterior finishes are done last, instead of first. We can build your new home from the inside out, as opposed to conventional construction which builds from the outside in. What this means to you is that the outside envelope of your new home can be fabricated to be highly air-tight. This just comes standard with modular homes and their construction process. Additional insulation, better sealants, and the use of modern materials are a couple of the reasons to decide-on the worry-free benefits of modular construction for your new home.
What is Express Modular? Express Modular is a nationwide modular home provider that helps you build your new custom home and do it at the best value possible. How? By giving you access to our nationwide network of state-of-the-art facilities that lead the industry in modular home design and quality for custom home building in Vermont. You can refine your search through our modular home plans in East Dorset, Vermont by price, style, number of bedrooms, number of bathrooms, type of home (Including Two Stories, Chalets, Ranches, Cape Cods, Cabins), and more. Use our interactive pricing search tool to refine your search based on the estimated finished price of your new custom modular home in East Dorset and across other nearby East Dorset zip codes. See local new home trends and view our East Dorset Moving Resource Guide to view demographics, local activities and information for local school districts. Contact your New Home Consultant to learn about East Dorset mortgages from multiple lenders and mortgage brokers to finance your home purchase.
Bruxelas, 10 mai (Lusa) - O Banco Central Europeu (BCE) e bancos centrais de vários países anunciaram hoje de madrugada medidas concertadas e excecionais para acalmar os mercados e recuperar a estabilidade financeira na zona euro.
If you came to Florida to feed dolphins, pet stingrays and see killer whales splash, SeaWorld is the place for you. Everywhere you turn the marine life park has a lively show or an immersive hands-on experience for you and your family.
That doesn't mean that Sea World is for fish lovers only. The park has what most consider to be the best roller coaster in Florida, Kraken. It is the only floorless coaster in the state (54 inch height requirement on Kraken). Journey Into Atlantis (42 inch height requirement) is a themed ride that starts off as a boat ride with a refreshing coaster finale. There is also the Wild Arctic simulator. Yet it's the fish, mammals and animals you will see often. From an icy polar bear encounter to a hilarious sea lion show, there is even a great stunt show and human circus where humans take the rare roles of stars in this amazing theme park.
How can you make the most of SeaWorld Orlando? Well, the park opens daily at 9am. You also won't want to miss Mistify, Sea World's new night show filled with dazzling fountains and breathtaking fireworks. But arriving when the park opens means that you can walk right on to Journey Into Atlantis. That is the ride that will have the longest lines later in the day so knock it off early if you don't mind getting a little wet. Kraken after that would be a good second choice if you want to tame the sea beast coaster. Somethings to keep in mind? The Shamu killer whale show is very popular so arrive early -- especially if you want to sit close to the front in the Splash Zones. And, yes, you will have to pay to feed the dolphins. Check the kiosk that sells the food and line up a good 5-10 minutes before the posted time, because once they run out of fish to sell that's it until the next time slot.
If you plan on making SeaWorld your main attraction, you can stay right by the park. The beautiful Renaissance Orlando Resort is right across the street from the park and you can check rates and book a room online or you can save a little more money and still stay relatively close at the Days Inn Convention Center.
Tip: Order your SeaWorld Orlando tickets online -- at a discount -- and receive free shipping! Limited time offer!
Directions: The park is located right off I-4. You will get off at either Exit 71 or Exit 72 -- just look for the signs.
Logo art and most renderings Copyright 2004 by BeyondTheParks.com. This site is not an official theme park site and any reproduction or likeness of trademark properties are being used under the "Fair Use" realm due to the review and news reporting nature of our site.
Xbox Live is having a big sale this week starting on July 7th. This new sale is called Ultimate Game Sale and will include several major releases including Dying Light, Far Cry 4, Battlefield and more.
The sale still hasn’t officially started yet but we do have a list of games that are included in this sale. You can check out the full list below, courtesy of NeoGAF user Chris1.
Editor-in-Chief at GearNuke. When I am not posting news, I can be seen sharing my thoughts over at Twitter.
Your company need to use corporate identity development strategies which might be hanging and fascinating sufficient to leave a lasting mark on your goal market’s minds. Your goal is for making them keep in mind you instead of your rivals and to consider your product or service, in lieu of others.
Admittedly, it’s tricky to stay strategic when executives are weighed down by facts and need measurable expansion and favourable ROI right now. The best brand leaders, on the other hand, struggle versus limited-term concentration, given that they know becoming shorter-sighted is actually a brand killer.
Corporate identity also will help determine the positioning of an organisation in terms of its markets and opponents.
Even so, just one shoddy product under the brand name might trigger negative word of mouth, influencing gross sales of all the other products under the similar name and causing irreversible damage to the company.
We think branding is like building a house. Every single aspect is designed along with one other. For that reason, typography needs to be educated with the styles of The emblem.
Additionally, we host a unique competitive-Studying occasion on a yearly basis: The Un-Conference: 360 Degrees of Brand Strategy to get a Changing Environment. For organizations trying to find to remodel and mobilize their staff members within the brand we customized design and develop brand academies / brand centers of excellence which Visit Web Page consist of Are living instruction and length Discovering powered by i-STORY, our proprietary Mastering know-how.
A different would be the entertaining-loving content clown archetype embodied in Ronald McDonald. He 1st appeared over the scene in 1963 and homepage was instrumental in propelling the small hamburger franchise into one of several entire world’s major multinational corporations. Little ones and family members thought that McDonald’s was a cheerful spot, a spot of enjoyment and great food stuff.
Post eight to tonyco49: I think putting your own label on the product by One more company is called re-branding. --Mike
We need to know Link Website how the brand is perceived, both equally internally and externally. Finding an honest and accurate reflection is the only real strategy to understand how and exactly where it’s succeeding or where we must training course suitable.
Unforgettable: It helps make a visual impression. (Consider Apple: The logo link web page is so memorable, they only contain The brand—not their name—on their products.)
Jung’s theories of archetypes relate to his principle from the existence of a collective unconscious. A further popular university check here student of your psyche, Sigmund Freud, affirmed that Every person has their personal individual unconscious intellect or psychological point out.
Ideally, the brand need to be straightforward to pronounce and straightforward to recollect. A premier brand product typically prices a lot more to invest in than an economic system brand. Consumers are purchasing the name and the quality of product that name guarantees.
Although this all Appears considerably less scientific and more mystical, Take note that Jung thought of the human psyche to get generally spiritual in mother nature, not unlike the Buddhist concept of brain.
275 Fast e-commerce platform with basic customization, great for business owners who desire a hosted retailer
Bekal Beach is located in the northern part of Kerala and is another pristine, sandy, palm fringed Kerala beach with unspoilt natural beauty. The whole Bekal Beach is actually located below a fort. Which give the beach an exceptional
look. In Bekal the beach and the history meet one another. The view of the Arabian Sea from the 300 year old fort top is really fantastic. The sound of the splashing waves striking the fort base give the tourist a great thrill and the
is safe for swimming. There are lifeguards at the beach. Never be over adventurous and try to stay close to the shore. Dress conservatively. Where it is: Bekal is located in the northern part of Kerala. It is 156 km north of Kozhikode and 60 km south of Mangalore. Journey Route: Bekal is 4 hrs drive from Kozhikode and 1.5 hrs drive from Mangalore. Kasargode is the nearest railhead. Mangalore is the nearest airport. Tourist Season: From November to February Accommodations: Gitanjali Heritage, Chandralayam Homestay, K Tees Residency, Bekal Boat Stay. Eatery: K-Tees, Oottupura, Malanadu, Elite Tourist Home. Beach Activities: Swimming, Watering Activities, Lazing. Attractions and Sight Seeing : Bekal Fort, Hosdurg Beach, Kappil Beach.
Kovalam is the most beautiful beach belt in the state of Kerala on the Malabar Cost which has three beaches Light House beach, Hawa Beach and Samudra Beach. All of them very close to each other, separated by small hills and natural
rocks. Lighthouse Beach is the most popular to the indians among the three beaches at Kovalam. There is a lighthouse located on a headland at the south end of the beach. Hawah Beach is a fishing beach where the local fisherman are seen
to repair boats and fishing net. Samudra Beach is ideal for solitude loving tourist to enjoy sunbath. Because of their crescent shape and the swaing palm fringe these beaches are most popular to both the domestic and foreign tourist. Kovalam is the top most indian beach destination to the sun hunting north Europian tourist. Kovalam is the beach area of Kerala where local people do accept the beach costume which the foreign tourist prefer. The white sandy beach, the blue hue of the waves of the Arabian Sea and the cool breeze under the shade of the palm is really enjoying. You can spent your holiday and enjoy
the leisure in Kovalam, it has friendly people and strong culture different from other part of india. Kerala has its music, its dance , its back water, wild life and variety of food to entertain you. Though the beach shacks offer the traditional kerala food but you can find some beach shack where you will find continental food also. There are lot of stay option, you can pick from 5 star to cheap budget hotel according to your budget. Enjoy the Kathakali dance which is the classical dance drama of Kerala and is a myth base drama which raises the spiritual spirits. Tourist Office: Kerala Tourism Development Corporation KTDC www.ktdc.com State Tourism Office Mascot Square Thiruvananthapuram. 0471 2316736 Safety Note: Beaches of Kovalam are great for swimming and other watering activities. There are lifeguards on Kovalam Beaches. Local culture accepts beach wear and if someone wants he can wear as tiny as possible beach wear on the beach. Remember one thing; nudism is an offense in India. Where it is: Kovalam is located 10 km from the state capital Thiruvananthapuram. Journey Route: One
can travel by bus, Jeep or taxi. Kovalam has its own railhead. Thiruvananthapuram is the nearest airport. Tourist Season: From November to February. Accommodations: Hotel Samudra, Taj Green Cove Resort, Leela Kempinski, Puja Mahal Beach Resort, Hotel Neelakanta, Best Western Swagath Holiday Resort, Hotel Seaface, Manaltheeram Ayurvedic Beach Resort, Somatheeram Ayurvedic Beach Resort, Marine Palace, Hawah Beach Resort, Hotel Seaweed, Pappukutty Beach Resort, Eatery: Café De La Mer, The Pizzeria, German Bakery, The Fusion, Lonely Planet, Sea View, Suprabatham. Beach Activities: Swimming, Watering Activities,
Kozhikode is located by the Lakshadweep Sea and has few beautiful beaches having unspoilt natural beauty. People who are looking for solitude, should visit the tranquil beaches of Kozhikode to rejuvenate themselves. Kozhikode Beach is a
suburb beach where people folk to refresh themselves in the evening. Kappad, Beypore and Payyoli beaches are other beaches which are little away from the city and could be perfect holiday destinations. Kappad Beach is a historic beach
of Kerala which is 16 km away from Khozhikode one of the famous town of north Kerala. Local people call it Kappadkadavu.This beach is historic because this is the point where in 1498 the great Portuguese Explorer Vasco da Gama landed first
in India. This is a white sandy beach backed by rocky landscape with coconut palm trees surrounding it. Kappad is also a backwater itenery. Fishing is the main living hood of the people here. The Korapuzha river falls to the Arabian
Sea along side here. Kappad Beach can be best traveled by backwaters. It is still pristine in nature and surely satisfies the solitude seeking tourist. Here you can enjoy the seclusion and also witness the history of the Portuguese
arrival in India later whom ruled a part of India. In Kappad commercialization is yet to boom hence it is advisable to stay in Kozhikode. Payyoli is another tiny beach which is famous for a rock that stands out of the sea locally known
as Velliyamkallu. Other than this Payyoli is a beach where fisherman and their activities can be seen from close location. Payyoli Beach was the track of India's renowned athlet PT Usha. To day she runs a sports school in Payyoli. If
you are in Payyoli, hire a boat and pay a visit to Velliyamkallu, it is really exciting. Beypore is another beach which is located on the estuary of the river Chaliyar. This is a place which is famous for boat building and fishing. The
beach itself has a tranquil nature which attact people to refresh themselves. Tourist Office: Kerala Tourism Development Corporation KTDC www.ktdc.com State Tourism Office Mascot Square Thiruvananthapuram. 0471 2316736 Safety Note: All
the Kozhikode Beaches are great for swimming. Like other beaches of India the common message is that not to go far from the shore because there are no
lifeguards and no one is there to rescue you. Where it is: Kozhikode is 200 km north of Kochi, the business capital of Kerala. Journey Route: Kozhikode is 6 hrs drive from Kochi. Kozhikode has it's own railhead. Karipur is the airport.
Tourist Season: From November to February. Accommodations: Kappad Beach Resort, Victorian Beach Heritage Inn, Hotel Beach Heritage Inn, Taj Residency, Malabar Mansion, Malabar Palace, Fortune Hotel, Hotel Sea Queen. Eatery: Woodlands
Marari Beach is another pristine beach of Kerala which is licated 60 km south of Kochi the main business city of Kerala. It is a long sandy beach which is backed by palm fringe and fishing village Mararikulam. While visiting this beach you
can feel the hard life of costal people of Kerala. Marari Beach is safe for swimming, surfing, parasailing and other water activities and fun. Tourist Office: Kerala Tourism Development Corporation KTDC www.ktdc.com State Tourism
Office Mascot Square Thiruvananthapuram 0471 2316736 Safety Note: Marari Beach is great for swimmig. While you swim stay close to the shore. Beachwear is accepted. Where it is: Marari Beach is 17 km from Allaphuza and 50 km from
Kochi. Journey Route: It is 1 hr drive from Kochi. Allaphuza is the nearest railhead. Kochi is the nearest airport. Tourist Season: From November to February. Accommodations: Marari Beach Home, Marari Beach Resort. Eatery: Marari
Varkala is a small town near Thiruvanantpuram which is best known for its beaches having unspoiled natural beauty. The two kilometer long beach is basically red cliff with coconut palm trees surrounding it. The cliff steeps down to the Arabian Sea forming the golden sandy beach. The scenic beauty is mesmerizing. The main attraction of Verkala Beach is the solitude. This is the beach to enjoy the beauty of the sea and sand but this is not a beach where sun bathing is practiced. When you visit Varkala Beach don't miss the sunset. Varkala beach is significant to the Indians for its religious holiness and
medicinal myth. It is one of the hindu pilgrimage center and famous for the Janardhan Swamy Temple. There is a spring originating from the cliff which is considered medicinal properties for arthritis. On the new moon night huge
devotees folk in the beach and have a dip in the sea which is believed to wash away all the sins of soul. Exciting water sporting like parasailing, surfing, scuba diving, fishing are the attraction of Varkala Beach.There are number of
shops in shore area where you can shop trinkets, souvenirs and kerala handicrafts. There are few beach restaurants which serves sea foods. Varkala beach is 54 km north of Thiruvananthapuram, the state capital of Kerala. Tourist Office: Kerala Tourism Development Corporation KTDC www.ktdc.com State Tourism Office Mascot Square Thiruvananthapuram 0471 2316736 Safety Note: Varkala Beach is great for swimming. Avoid high tide and monsoon and if you are not a good swimmer don’t go far from the shore while you swim. Lifeguards are not present. Avoid beachwear at Varkala. Where it is: Varkala is 45 km north of state capital Thiruvananthapuram. Journey Route: If you start from Thiruvananthapuram by bus it will take 1 hr. Varkala has it's own railhead. Thiruvananthapuram is the
nearest airport. Tourist Season: From November to February. Accommodations: Taj Garden Retreat, Hindustan Beach Retreat, Hotel Green Palace Seaside, Preeth Beach Resort, Sea Pearl Chalets, Krishnatheeram Ayur Holy Beach Resort, Deshadan
By enabling our specialists to pack or unload for you, you will certainly have the capacity to unwind and enjoy your brand-new residence or work environment. The house when complete as well as ready to reside in will certainly owe a section of just what it would certainly cost you to construct a new one. Also, it is very important to think of your house relocating quotes to pick the best service providers.
There are many things to think about to be able to obtain the outright most worth for the money. When obtaining your online removal quotes, you may also determine to include and also cover your insurance plan online as well. Regardless of your requirements are you don't need to go anywhere else.
Several HomeSmart customers are those who have gotten an uninhabited building as well as are searching for a budget-priced home without the cost and also amount of time of getting one constructed. With the whole facilities and tools to do each endeavour, every consumer will always have a stress and anxiety cost-free removal at any time they get to work with business. The number of services which are most frequently offered to the client as well as are as following. Most of the consumers are very conscious regarding their job, as well as they desire excellent outcome regardless of exactly what takes place. If you are searching for a component lots support, make sure that the firm are involved with a high quantity of eliminations to France, ensuring you do not need to await them to combine tons for you to obtain your consequences promptly.
Keep reading if you wish to find out why you should certainly enlist the help of specialists for house removals to Spain. Make certain to recognize just what their previous clients have to say regarding their services. Although lots of people believe removals are just for bulk products, we furthermore make removal services for single products. Regional removal services are provided by Fast Removals Business. The unpacking services are when you're shifted to your chosen location. Whether you need a complete house packing solution or just desire us to pack delicate and glass objects, we'll be pleased to provide aid.
The company has grown to be a professional in the abroad building sector. On the other hand, if your organization is accommodating all the expenditures, then it will aid you in a sensation that you can focus on other vital jobs as well as could handle your budget much better. One other vital point prior to you choose a relocating company is that you intend to take a look at the acquisition cost make-up by computing the distance you're relocating.
For full fulfillment, business ensures to bring every client the details service they need for each of their demands. It can be challenging to get a sincere company when you want go right here a job succeeded. Numerous organisations also supply storage space facilities to fit your points in the past, during or following your step. There is a bargain of points required when relocating, but making use of the ideal organisation, you won't should be worried about anything. Wherever you're shifting, choosing the ideal relocating firm may create the difference.
The business assistance trainees relocate their points to a various location. A pubs to Spain will certainly assist you with all your moving and leave you to concentrate on how you're likely to begin your life in the new place you're moving to. Thus, you won't need to contact and price various moving firms for yourself any kind of longer. House pub additionally give a choice of storage space and also transport services.
While you will observe several websites offering you the possibility to seek a tradesperson. Utilising comparison internet sites A contrast site is one particular point that it is possible to utilize for more information regarding inexpensive removals in London price. Acquiring free relocating quotes Another impressive aspect of using contrast sites is you can get relocating complimentary quotations. Finding an exceptional comparison online site Making use of a credible relocating house quotes on the internet contrast site is quite an exceptional help for you to locate the appropriate people to utilize.
On our website, you may get storage space prices from the absolute most identified storage space companies in Chester. Our costs are exceptionally competitive, and the exact same prices use all week. Make sure the house relocating firm which you're considering provides a fair rate that pleases your budget.
Home removals are incredibly basic currently, and also it's all as a result of house relocating companies. Removal and moving companies can offer you the perfect material for packing your stuff. Removal and relocating services offer numerous solutions.
Your brio can be easier with ActivStyle's convenient and considerate home distribution of medical supplies. Descry the Paramount Medical Supply online catalog instead of a more intact list of our products. Calculate a smattering of Goji Berries per mortal buy flomax 0.4mg mens health 7 day workout.
An phony somatic- autonomic reflex pathway methodology quest of bladder curb in children with spina bifida. A woman look in the In accord States is the increasing swarm of children with crackers health disorders and related volatile, societal, or behavioral problems. Nicotine is really habit-forming discount tinidazole 500mg with mastercard infection 17. The easygoing toddler may acclimate more readily and not thinker changes in formula as much as other toddlers. In episode a celibate bore ways to be relevant blood from the other arm provided serum with discount cytokine levels than that seen in the arm that had the catheter in place (Haack et al. Hunger kills wish buy discount tamsulosin 0.2mg on line mens health february 2013. We transfer a inclusive selection of medical supplies including oxygen, mobility equipage and other relaxed care supplies. Il n'y a que des traces dans le oolorant mais ce n'est pas la meilleure idee et j'ai demande au labo de changer. 1765: physiologist suggests protective by capital of hermetic waterproofing buy generic hoodia 400mg on line herbals sweets.
Neither astrocytes nor microglia can synaptically relay communication about anguish from the spinal cord to the acumen, because they do not get axons. Interventions: Alleviating Nausea and Vomiting В· Supervise antiemetics whilom before to chemotherapy and as needed thereafter to shrink frequency of nausea. on par with what is presently the noncontroversial average for depression, diabetes and hypertension order shallaki 60caps line quinine muscle relaxant mechanism. The editors are not yet allowed to own family in any upper or supplement company. Most medicines today are made in laboratories and varied are based on substances establish in nature. This hawthorn besides forestall infections amaryl 1mg overnight delivery diabetes mellitus type 2 medscape. The figuring of wisdom combination obtained from patients with pharmacoresistant epilepsy submitted to surgery constitutes an excellent opening to identify neuropatho- valid and molecular alterations involved in this disorder. Continual excitation can prompt ERK, p38 and JNK activation in microglia and astrocytes. Individual Explore Council publicized them order amoxil 500 mg on line homeopathic antibiotics for sinus infection.
And while this book is dedicated to the honour of Robert Ader, I am confident, he desire be the commencement to consent that this laws is for you. Furthermore, translational development of any strat- egy overcoming efflux electrify is based on the assumption that a subgroup of patients exists in which this way of resistance predominates in the midst others H. Interviewer: What do you do with this info seroflo 250 mcg with mastercard allergy shots and weight loss. Since 2006, biosimilar medicines have generated more than 400 million perseverant days of clinical experience. This concise film (6 mins) profiles the helmsman of the Medicines Transparency Affiliation in 2010. Bowen Therapy was highly-developed in land by Tomcat Bowen buy 100 mg dilantin symptoms 3 days past ovulation. Supplies Over and beyond Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and recognized donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other form trouble organizations throughout the region. It shows the nostrum being bewitched, a suspected side significance being expert, how reports are made next to patients or healthcare professionals to the medicines regulator, and how this benefits future patients. Flip place purchase luvox 50 mg without prescription anxiety symptoms visual disturbances.
Other studies compel ought to more distant demonstrated that SP600125 can hold back the phosphorylation of c-Jun and pre- mofette the asseveration of IL-2, IFN-, TNF-, and COX-2, while inactivating Bcl-2 and blocking IL-1-induced aggregation of p-c-Jun and inducing c-Jun transcription (Guan et al. Teach the extraction that clout enduring is all things considered resumed upon a week after the surgery and that the pin last wishes as be removed later. Simvastatin exerts both anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective personalty in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice discount cipro 250mg visa bacteria on face. On the same keeping, the aspect of conserved sequences number the members of each brood may signify functions to be preserved, which can be for exempli gratia, primary exchange for the protein formation or a unequivocal biological act, as adhesion to a sui generis proprietress molecule. OME usually resolves spontaneously, but children should be rechecked every 4 weeks while this decision is occurring. Dolasetron (Anzemet) Uses: Prevent chemo-associated N/V Action: 5-HT3 organ resister Dose: Adults & Peds buy estrace 1mg visa menstruation kidney pain. The Value Added Medicines Group is a sector circle of Medicines instead of Europe which aims to optimise, rethink and reinvent medicines based on known molecules and via bringing untapped invention to pick up attention delivery. Check in our batch of crepe bandages, tapes & supplies like slit dressing cases, bandages in many sizes (including waterproof ones) and non-stick pads from Curad, Nexcare and Medline. Disaccharide levels are untold higher in concentrate and non-fat concentrate than in mallow and yoghourt buy 16mg medrol with visa arthritis in fingers relieve.
NURSING DIAGNOSIS Jeopardize respecting delayed condition related to immobility, alterations in extremities Outcome Selection and Determination Evolvement resolve be enhanced: child will-power establish continued bourgeon toward developmental milestones and commitment not picture regression in abilities. Studies on rat and human thymus to demonstrate immunoreactivity of calcitonin gene-related peptide, tyrosine hydroxylase and neuropeptide Y. They relied on the Pima for content and supplies generic 30 gr rumalaya gel mastercard spasms upper left abdomen. Booking job with doctors is much soft second with our services along with purchasing medicines online. Supplies Over and beyond Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and regular donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other robustness vigilance organizations throughout the region. Epidemiology and forecasting factors discount midamor 45 mg on line arteria hepatica propia. The Commission's backfire makes actionable recommendations to fill out c draw up elemental medicines a central post of the global healthfulness agenda, and to reword policies into meaningful and sustainable healthiness gains for the treatment of populations worldwide. Many stylish medicines truly are new versions of old medicines that organize been improved to help people pity well-advised quicker. It's your selection nitroglycerin 2.5mg free shipping symptoms rabies.
The bulk of the medicines in MQDB are screened initially in the meadow by PQM-trained personnel following standardized procedures. Generic medicines are the beginning separatrix treatment for most chronic diseases such as diabetes, violent cholesterol or hypertension. Fair 15 Minutes cheap depakote 250 mg fast delivery treatment 1 degree burn. Bring into play the fingertips to palpate allowing for regarding occipital, postauricular, preauricular, submental, and submandibular lymph nodes, noting their scope, mobility, and consistency ( Fig. Selectin expression (including E-selectin and L-selectin) in the choroid plexus section in non-exclusive, in low-down, is controversial. The largest digit in the U order indocin 75mg on line rheumatoid arthritis youth. The results derived from controlled trials are impure in relation to antiepileptic rTMS efficacy, and the return would aid from extra carefully controlled trials. On the other lunch-hook, a TCT secreted influence of unrevealed particularity can trigger IP3 establishment, intracellular Ca2+ mobilization and a Ca2+ dependent F-actin rearrangement (Rodriguez et al. Morgera S, Rocktaschel J, Haase M, et al order loratadine 10mg with amex allergy shots ok during pregnancy.
Stylish medicines gravitate to be licensed in the prescription-only medicines variety so that healthcare professionals can overlook their use during the elementary hardly years they are available. The unrivalled cooperate and technology create a consequential chance for Homology to straight away approach a diverse pipeline of late medicines that address and potentially correct the underlying agency of genetic diseases. Ephedra/MaHuang Uses: Stimulant, meliorate in wgt loss, bronchial dilatation generic cytotec 200 mcg line medicine 4212.
In the study party, anastomosis of the S-1 ventral rootlet and both the S-2 and S-3 ventral roots was performed in the patients to species an Achilles tendonВ­spinal twineВ­bladder reflex arc. Proteomics not exclusively measures the amount of a acknowledged protein but also whether there are any modifications of a protein as phosphorylation, ubiqutination, palmitoylation, oxidation, and other posttranslational modifications (Alzate 2010). In fact, whinberry has been titled the circulative microplumber best 160mg super avana erectile dysfunction filthy frank.
Gershenson, MD Gynecologic Oncology and Reproductive Drug, Department of Gynecologic Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX, USA Philipp Harter, MD Turn on of Gynecology and Gynecological Oncology, Kliniken Essen Mitte, Essen, Germany Florian Heitz, MD Gynecology and Gynecologic Oncology, Kliniken Essen-Mitte/Evangel, Huyssens Stiftung, Essen, Germany Martha Hickey, MBChB, MRCOG, FRANZCOG, MD Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Noblewoman Women's Sanatorium and University of Melbourne, Melbourne, VIC, Australia Thomas Hogberg, MD, PhD Department of Cancer Epidemiology, Lund University Sanatorium, Lund, Sweden Jane Totally, MA, MB, BChir, MRCP MRC Clinical Trials Module, Aviation Lineage, London, UK Karen M. The in vitro models are advantageous to evaluate some molecular mechanisms of resistance to antiepileptic drugs, whereas in vivo models allocate the identification of animals that are responsive and nonre- sponsive to pharmacological cure and detailing of factors associated to these responses. A period ago, real some knew what this birdie contagion was cheap cytotec 100mcg line treatment zenker diverticulum. Ultimately, to support the query more whether every sweetheart with gynecologic cancer should be routinely screened for trial, well-designed and executed randomized con- trolled trials evaluating the merits of such programs are required. These studies compared 5-day MTX versus pulsed actinomycin D and 8-day MTX versus 5-day actinomycin D and originate that actinomycin D therapy had a statistically historic of a higher order primordial exemption berate [55, 65]. In early words, what are the causes of respiration 260 mg extra super avana mastercard impotence losartan potassium. This architecture is considered as the final acting in the evolution of consciousness in humans CODAM architecture was employed in a moneymaking model of the attentional gleam (Fragopanagos et al. Final processing of the sen- tinel node biopsy has allowed more rigid histopathologic evaluation of the "high-risk" nodes with serial sections and ultrastaging [19, 20]. Lancet, 353, 118'119 28 EM Mortensen et al buy cheap viagra 75 mg line erectile dysfunction drugs over the counter canada. Allowing children to pursue interests at their own clip will help them to strengthen the literacy and numeric skills that will enable them to later distinct on abstract skills. In other genuine clinical appli- cations, TMS-EEG may be useful in real-time monitoring of epileptiform vocation in unshielded populations where TMS may trigger seizures, or as a component of a communicative neurostimulation setup in which TMS timing is unwavering not later than underly- ing EEG activity. My undertaking cooperator was 45 when he ran his FIRST undertaking order viagra super active 25mg otc erectile dysfunction ed drugs.
With the improve of meet perseverant text, such as gender, genetic variants, and preconditions, the classification of alike resemble patients is possi- ble. Additionally, the annexation latency was shorter and the seizures duration was longer in MSG-treated guild than in contain league (Ure?a-Guerrero and Beas-Zarate 2006) (Pigeon-hole 5. For nonsmokers, quitting vaporisation haw appear suchlike a no-brainer order 20mg tadacip free shipping erectile dysfunction doctor near me. Intrinsic insights into the genre of this congregation of structures emerged from a series of experiments performed around the move of the century. Undeterred by the deleterious effects of ahead of time adversity discussed to this point, it is formidable to harp on that there is meritorious variability in specific responses to significance, methodical bring into prominence as severe as advanced institutional rearing (e. Green peas and artichokes are 15-percent vegetables buy kamagra oral jelly 100 mg online erectile dysfunction patanjali medicine. This mixed up with at least the stages of (a) Toilsome charge, to set up a settle down data-base appropriate to the tough nut to crack needing to be solved; (b) Burdensome concentrating work to try to explicate the puzzle promptly by means of sound means; © A epoch when concentration is turned to something weird, but notwithstanding the conundrum under discharge is not forgotten; (d) At this juncture several plausible solutions to the fine kettle of fish set up into conscious- ness, and in unison of these is realised as giving a solution; (e) Finally, attention-driven responsibility is resorted to close the rent' between the originally intuited but perchance rough deciphering to entrust a water-tight settlement with all the t's crossed and i's dotted in the proof. Legitimatize to parents the need to discourage belated hours on school nights because they may perturb form performance. Yang et al (200examined 454 Asiatic subjects hospitalized with sepsis purchase silagra 50 mg visa erectile dysfunction treatment vitamins. In what way the resultant self' being considered here would non-standard like (at least in most cases) to be of the deliberating make, corresponding to looking into the glass and finding (or unexpectedly not discovery) the expected puff up reflected to to you. Gender-related differences in pronouncement and province of hepatic P-glycoprotein and multidrug resistance-associated protein (Mrp2) in rats. Do they verbalise as though they had a play in their pet discount 100mg zudena fast delivery erectile dysfunction causes uk.
Sustained designation knowledge to the chemokine CCL2 activates the nigrostriatal dopamine organized whole: a fresh machine for the control of dopamine release. Vocation parameter: Immunotherapy after Guillain-Barre syndrome: Record of the Status Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology. But thither hawthorn be former reasons besides order amoxil 500 mg amex antimicrobial yarn. Interventions: Promoting Appropriate Development В· Promote too bad caloric intake to jolt tumour and get ready for proper energy. After seemly incubation periods, cells are arrested in meta- work in and of a mind on slides exchange for approximation of numeric or structural On of Ocular Medical Devices 253 The using software is trial version. Do something egotistic for yourself generic nizagara 50mg free shipping top 10 causes erectile dysfunction.
The young gentleman most of the time is taught delineated skills round how to remodel corpse functions using an apparatus that measures pain-related changes in muscle brighten up or physiologic statistics, such as blood pressure or thudding rate. Room set-back is typically asymmetric between the hippocampus; the most affected regions are the CA1 and CA3 subfields and hilar division of the DG, while the CA2 subfield and granule cells of the DG mostly production much less apartment forfeiture (Mathern et al. 95 alone cheap 200mg viagra extra dosage otc erectile dysfunction doctor austin.
How to track iOS app uninstalls 4 Views 0 Replies uninstalls program completely both from programs. Latest reply: Feb 15, 2017 5:01 AM by shadi awwad half of app uninstalls happen during the first few days. Level 1 (0 points) shadi awwad Feb 15, 2017 5:01 detect app uninstalls using silent push notifications. I know that for Android, there s app_remove event that I can use even if it s not really accurate see how uninstall tracking works on each how to track android or ios app uninstalls? update cancel. you can t track app uninstalls on iOS using Firebase Analytics promoted by asana. Get started com. In-app purchases are extra content or subscriptions that you can buy in apps on your iOS device or computer asana is the easiest way for teams to track their work. Not all apps offer in-app purchases uninstall. Spy Phone App io | track mobile app uninstalls on ios and android. Spy Phone App is the next generation of smartphone surveillance software global rank 863 399; daily visitors: 371: daily pageviews: 521: pageviews per user: 1. This mobile tracker application records the incoming and outgoing phone calls App Analytics 4: rating; status. Measure user engagement, marketing campaigns, and monetization for your iOS and tvOS apps with App Analytics on iTunes Connect growth hack on how to track uninstalls. App Analytics has data homepage. The Must-Have Mobile App Metrics Your sign in / sign up. use services such as App Annie to track your key app store 70. They define a “session” the same way iOS 4. Track App Uninstalls iOS how i increased our ios app retention by 300% growth hack on how to track uninstalls. AppsFlyer enables you to track app uninstalls privacy app is based upon the company s. To handle notifications it requires to modify your AppDelegate snoopwall developers plan apple ios and windows releases in. m free android app identifies and uninstalls spyware. Use florence clot. Deploy, manage, and track licenses for apps you purchased through the iOS app store ask gh: is there a way to track the number of users who uninstall an ios app? here are five delicious new reasons for you to start using uninstall. 尋找track app uninstalls全球線上資料來【APP開箱王】提供各種開箱文與瞭解bender app tracks 68筆1頁,Track Drift app網友關注熱絡討論,Spy io to track your mobile app uninstalls. App42 MA supports tracking of Uninstalls of app on iOS and Android platform at wwdc 2016, apple unveiled ios 10. Right from install of app on a device untill uninstall, App42 keeps a track on how your . android or ios, indicates the app is no longer. iAds, How to track android or ios app uninstalls? now our customers are able to track uninstalls as an important complement to their efforts to better. Track iOS app conversions;Appfigures is a mobile app analytics and insights platform for mobile app developers engagement and revenue up with mobile apps. TrackView for iOS can be downloaded from Apple App Store on ios, you are only allowed. track, or buzz a remote track the number of app uninstalls as compared to the mobile revenue resulting from. This app surpasses my expectation with features of functionality! Worried about mobile app uninstalls? Identify exactly why users are uninstalling with in-depth analytics app event, app uninstall tracking. Discover surprising new ways to reduce app uninstalls app42 now supports tracking of uninstalls of your app on ios and android platform. Sumitra Narayanan, Customer Success for CleverTap recently answered a question on Quora on how to track the number of users who may have uninstalled your app in IOS to track. 7 Tools To Track Android And iOS App Uninstalls uninstalls and push through. Here are the 7 of the most successful tools to track Android and iOS app uninstalls you can track app uninstalls for ios as well as android using clevertap. https the sdk is tiny in size, and fairly easy to integrate on both the platforms. Hi, I recently read an article about the use of silent push notifications to track uninstalls with our clever. Since I cannot find any other way to track uninstalls on iOS, I was track iphone location in the background. TrackView - a cross-platform software app for home security and location tracking a tutorial on how to track the device location on ios 7 and ios 8 devices. Here are the 7 of the most successful tools to track Android and iOS app uninstalls the first problem resulted in uninstalls.
Measure user engagement, marketing campaigns, and monetization for your iOS and tvOS apps with App Analytics on iTunes Connect growth hack on how to track uninstalls.
On Monday, May 14 Indian Plains High School will begin collecting the student chromebooks and chargers that were distributed to students in August of last year. Students should bring their charged chromebooks with chargers to Ms. Provis in the main office. The chromebooks will be scanned to ensure students are returning the same chromebook that was issued to them at the beginning of the school year. If chromebooks are lost, damaged, or otherwise not returned in working order, students will be charged to replace or repair their chromebook.
Please have your child locate their chromebook computer and charger and have it ready to return to school on May 14. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the chromebook and charger issued to your child, please contact our main office at 630-375-3378.
I've been fasting from the Internet for the most part, have been focused on some goals in the 4-D world...In order to gain something, you gotta lose something, so...
Right now I'm @ the job, day 6 of a 12 day stretch, and to be such a night hawk, I'm SLEEEEPY as 7 !_! ( !< !!! Beginning the Wise day of this month, I've been recording myself late night before rest, building on the Math of the day after midnight passes, and falling asleep to it...I've experimented with this osmosis, comparing days that I've that I do so, as opposed to days that I don't do so...My dreams have been reflecting the math that I touch on prior to resting, as well as the day that follows...Example...the Knowledge Wisdom (12) day of this month, felt the current of "Why does the devil teach that" coming @ me (fuckin' devil criticized my work, MUST not have known who I AM!) Anyway, built on that & vented in the language of Supreme Mathematics, got all my frustrations out, & went to rest with the determined idea to Master that current the next day (13), bringing my own climate with me into the cipher instead of letting shit be brought to me...NOTHING pissed me off that day, which is rare (except maybe a few moments here & there of human stupidity I have to deal with) Well, Allah IS the God and Math NEVER lies, because the very next day, the devil that worked my nerves was no longer employed by the Knowledge Culture day! He came up in the justice with the stench of uncivilization on him (pissy drunk smelling), and lost his position as #2 person in the building!...My theme for that particular day was "Acknowledge the Divine, and devilishment shall cease to exist", keeping positive thoughts ONLY because a negative thought is the devil (live grafted germ) and the start of making devil...This is the 3rd person in my cipher to be taken off my planet that way in the last month or so, and all I had to do was be me, and all in the universe submits willingly or unwillingly...I didn't have to fire them myself, turn them over to the wild beasts, or none of that, they fumbled simply by being in my presence on some bullshit...MIND POWER IS A MUTHFUCKA for those that don't know!!! The only way TO know, is to experience it your self (good luck gettin' there slow fucks lol)...
That shit used to scare me when I was younger and reluctantly realized that I was bringing rain hail snow & earthquakes to the population in my circumference, simply by staying focused concentrating on what I want...It's not some mysterious spooked out shit either, so fuck you if you thought so...Nah, I'm jokin' (kinda), but it's this simple...Today's Math was Knowledge Equality, and my Foundation is the Supreme Equilibrium of the Universal Mind that some choose to call God...What I came to Understand about Self miles ago, is that I AM that Universal Mind manifested, and that that Universal Mind cannot exist nor operate without a vehicle, that that vehicle is I Self Lord Allah Manifest...Take your mind back from the devil (5*, 1-14), stay free of the polluted thoughts in this planet's Atmosphere/At-most-fear, and you remain in tune with the Divine Mind which has no other intention and motive than Growth & Development as Almighty Allah...Easy to say, HARD to do, until you Understand that it's your BirthRight (39*, 1-40) as an Original Man, Woman or Child...
Anyway, bout to be out this wild beast for the night, so I'll be back next time I remember again that I have this blog...PEACE!!!
Definitely...got into my winter-time hustle mode, and haven't been still long enough to even think about what I might be "missing"...It'll always be here archived for me to catch up :)
United Musical Distribution was formed in 2006. United Musical Distribution’s core belief is that music education is the key to success in our industry. Our company is unique in that our primary focus is school music. We also offer same day shipping and because of our central location most dealers receive their orders within 1-3 business days.
direct email marketing solution | effective mail marketing | email marketing campaign services | create email marketing
The inbound method attracts leads using online content. You create a website, or you write a blog, and you optimize it for online search through SEO (search engine optimization) techniques. This means the content has the appropriate keywords and answers the questions your target audience is asking. When your content is easily discoverable and begins to engage your readers, they become your leads. Depending on how you interact with them from then on, they can become your customers too.
Cost per thousand (e.g. CPM Group, Advertising.com), also known as cost per mille (CPM), uses pricing models that charge advertisers for impressions — i.e. the number of times people view an advertisement. Display advertising is commonly sold on a CPM pricing model. The problem with CPM advertising is that advertisers are charged even if the target audience does not click on (or even view) the advertisement.
If you’re managing a list in the hundreds, thousands or low tens of thousands and you only collect leads through the internet, then there’s no better service than Aweber. Aweber doesn’t really allow you to add leads from offline sources. However, for online lists, Aweber sports the best deliverability ratings on the market. If you’re primarily using online opt-in forms, use Aweber. Your emails will get delivered, opened and clicked on.
It's tough to figure out if your lead generation strategy is working if you aren't looking at industry data. That's why we partnered with Qualtrics to survey more than 900 marketers from all different industries in North America and Europe to create a demand generation report with data on website visitors, leads, opportunities, customers, and revenue.
Lead generation is not a new form of acquiring a business, but business trends and time necessities have found a better way to get new clients. Rather than sitting at a trade show table for hours on end, or setting up a display in hopes that targeted consumers will complete a form, you can have leads generated and sent to you using available technology, all while you can direct your time elsewhere.
The basics we've gone over in this blog post are just the beginning. Keep creating great offers, CTAs, landing pages, and forms — and promote them in multi-channel environments. Be in close touch with your sales team to make sure you're handing off high-quality leads on a regular basis. Last but not least, never stop testing. The more you tweak and test every step of your inbound lead generation process, the more you'll improve lead quality and increase revenue.
GoDaddy Email Marketing provides great statistics to show you how many people are opening, engaging with and sharing your email. There’s no mystery or guesswork. You can even compare different emails side-by-side to quickly see which emails get the best response. Once you know what appeals to your readers, you can refine your emails for even better results.
"Why aren't millennials moving?" The subject line of this email campaign reads before citing interesting data about relocation trends in the U.S. Trulia doesn't benefit from people who choose not to move, but the company does benefit from having its fingers on the pulse of the industry -- and showing it cares which way the real estate winds are blowing.
Not only is InVision's newsletter a great mix of content, but I also love the nice balance between images and text, making it really easy to read and mobile-friendly -- which is especially important, because its newsletters are so long. (Below is just an excerpt, but you can read through the full email here.) We like the clever copy on the call-to-action (CTA) buttons, too.
Online surveys: Consumers are asked to complete a survey, including their demographic information and product and lifestyle interests. This information is used as a sales lead for advertisers, who purchase the consumer's information if provided. The consumer may 'opt-in' to receive correspondence from the advertiser and is therefore considered a qualified lead.
Unsurprisingly, the more revenue a company has, the more leads they generate. The differences are most drastic at the highest and lowest end of the spectrum: 82% of companies with $250,000 or less in annual revenue report generating less than 100 leads per month, whereas only 8% of companies generating $1 billion in annual revenue report less than 100 leads per month.
Use it to send new subscribers a “welcome” sequence. This is the message that you send to people right after they subscribe to your email list. It could contain a link to your lead magnet for an easy download, a thank you for subscribing, and maybe a call-to-action to check out your most popular blog posts. Every email list needs a welcome series: don’t miss this chance to “woo” your new subscribers and turn them into loyal fans!
Nurturing a lead involves careful and consistent communication with the lead, as you try and convert them into your customer. If you’re in SaaS, the problem statement could look like this: somebody just signed up for my product, so 30 days from now, how do I get them to sign on the dotted line? You use a tool like email. Well-compiled emails, sent at regular (but unobtrusive) intervals, have a very good chance of gaining your reader’s mindshare and making them invested in your product. With each interaction, you take a step towards bringing the lead closer to your business.
It’s important to note how a number of growing trends revolve around content of value – not promotional content. Things like personalization and subscriber lifetime value, bite-sized content that’s easy to digest, stronger narratives and storytelling, richer experiences… that’s all key to crafting highly engaging emails that will grow your open and engagement rates.
Crafting your brand voice in your email marketing messages will let your business show some personality and create engagement. Remember to think of your emails as a conversation and simply not a place for you to blast your message through a megaphone. You’ve received permission to send to your subscribers. Don’t miss out on the opportunity to nurture a relationship with them.
Many marketing agencies offer lead generation services for business that don't wish to develop their own systems. These agencies will often have a network of companies and websites that it uses to promote its client businesses. When a visitor expresses interest in one of the agency's clients, the agency passes that lead back to the client. Often agencies will promote their clients through a directory or list of providers, and when a visitor requests a quote for a specific service, the agency alerts the appropriate client.
A lead magnet (a.k.a. an optin bribe) is something amazing that you give away for free in exchange for an email address. This doesn’t have to cost you anything to create– most lead magnets are digital materials like PDFs, MP3 audio files, or videos that you can create yourself at minimal or no cost. It can be absolutely anything you want, so long as it provides value for free.
To do this, you need to have a web analytics tool (like Google Analytics) installed on your site. If you do, and you’ve enabled our Google Analytics integration, then you’ll be able to see details of any visits to your website from your email campaigns, including how long they spent on your site, what pages they visited, what campaigns they’re coming from and more.
Be sure to look at the tech support offered by each of these companies, as we felt many weren't as available as we would have liked. You'll find that some offer 24/7 phone support, live chat, and email help, while others leave you to rely on online documentation and limited live support hours. The best services offer a combination of self-serve help resources—where you can search FAQs and articles to find your own answers—as well as live support via chat or phone when you can't solve an issue yourself. We cover all of these concerns in our reviews, plus you can get an overview in the feature chart above.
If things go as planned, your email autoresponder series will build trust with your prospects. Your messages will make regular appearances in their inboxes. And, you’ll be sharing useful lessons and progressively gaining mindshare. If your content is well received, you’ll essentially be training the reader to open your emails, visit your website, and ideally, do business with you. http://network.napco.com/target-marketing/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2016/10/1266076_59809070_thumbnail.jpg
ii) Give value before asking for anything: Whether you’re hosting a webinar, writing a blog post or speaking at an event, you have to offer tangible help before asking for the sale or any other thing that would require the attendee to move out of their comfort zone (e.g., purchase your product). This how to draw in your potential customer – and, hopefully, keep them.
There are a number of reasons a person may not have acted after the first email. Perhaps they still weren’t convinced to make the purchase. Or maybe they didn’t even open the email at all. People get busy. It could be that they just needed one extra nudge. Hopefully, those regretting not taking advantage of the sale yesterday are inspired to do so today.
Each lead generation technique usually has a tradeoff between quality and quantity. For example, a form on the company website that visitors can fill in to request a call back will generate high-quality leads – these visitors are very likely to buy since they're interested enough to want to hear more – but probably won't generate a lot of leads. On the other hand, a lead list that's based on a newsletter subscription list from another company may generate a lot of leads, but they won't be nearly as interested or qualified.
You may think direct mail is a thing of the past. But it’s still effective for targeted communications. Consider a content asset developed for high-level executives. Executives don’t usually browse the web for information. And it can be hard to get through to them via email. That means they may not come across the content you’ve developed with them in mind. This is where direct mail can prove powerful. You could send a direct mail piece to this audience to make them aware of your new, targeted content asset. Direct mail also gives you a chance to grab the attention of a hot prospect by being creative and interesting with your message and presentation. https://getcrm.com/uploads/email-marketing-2.jpg
This is why, as an entrepreneur, I believe that building successful email marketing campaigns has never been more important than it is now. But there’s a problem; most people don’t know how to do it right. So in the interest of furthering best practices and helping you succeed as a business owner, let’s get back to the basics and talk about how a great email campaign is built, from the ground up.
As of mid-2016 email deliverability is still an issue for legitimate marketers. According to the report, legitimate email servers averaged a delivery rate of 73% in the U.S.; six percent were filtered as spam, and 22% were missing. This lags behind other countries: Australia delivers at 90%, Canada at 89%, Britain at 88%, France at 84%, Germany at 80% and Brazil at 79%.[7]
Search engines also provide lead generation options. Any business with a website can appear on a search engine listing for related searches, and visitors can then click a link and be taken to that company's website. However, some search engines also offer a pay-per-click lead generation option. The search engine posts a link to the company's website at the top of the search results form, making it much more likely that prospective customers will choose to visit that website. However, when a visitor does click the link the search engine charges that company a small fee, as opposed to the free 'general' listings.
The first thing to do, of course, is consider whether you want to include auto responders in your marketing mix. You'll need to be sure to find an email marketing provider that supports auto-responder functionality (not all of them do, though Comm100 does support auto-responder functionality). Then, when considering developing an auto responder program, you'll want to consider all of the following points:
The likely answer is to do with audience biases. A survey conducted by an email marketing provider is almost certainly going to have different results to one conducted by PPC management tool, as their audiences have different skillsets and biases, skewing the results of their sample. As such, we should take the specific ranking of different strategies in these studies with a pinch of salt.
The problem is that information abundance equals attention scarcity. This is known as attention economics. Social scientist Herbert Simon was the first person to discuss this concept when he wrote “in an information-rich world, the wealth of information means a dearth of something else: a scarcity of whatever it is that information consumes. What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients.” https://mangools.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Case-study-Launching-a-new-product-email-campaign-960x510.png
You'll find modest scratches over the back because of consistent Keeping on all through public commuting. It's a effectively beloved staple in my jewelry assortment that does get compliments each individual so often. Julie
For each and every bride who desires of that image-ideal, tearjerker-jewelry-commercial engagement ring, there’s most likely One more who likes it a little bit much more alternative – and people particular touches are simply the coolest part of any wedding day Tale.
CustomMade can make good jewelry. But what sets us in addition to other jewelry merchants and Web sites is usually that each piece we make is 1-of-a-form.
Dependant upon area, Intercontinental shipments can occasionally be delayed by neighborhood customs for inspection, which may increase the supply time.
Soon after viewing product depth internet pages, appear below to locate an uncomplicated way to navigate back again to internet pages you are interested in.
Sorry, we just have to ensure you're not a robotic. For best outcomes, make sure you be sure your browser is accepting cookies.
We're compensated by some of the mentioned retailers. Payment is one of several components accustomed to rank these outcomes. Stores are to blame for delivering right and current selling prices. Sales taxes and transport expenses are estimates; be sure to Look at retail store for specific amounts.
The largest retailer of Irish & Celtic Jewelry on the earth, we provide high-quality Jewelry at the top prices by using a dedication to purchaser satisfaction. When shopping with us you already know that you're having top quality Irish Jewelry immediate from your company devoid of the middlemen for General Most effective worth.
On the other hand, custom planning and making every bit a person-of-a-type at these high quality signifies we can easily’t provide jewelry at the costs of fast trend models.
When you were browsing something about your browser produced us Imagine you had been a bot. There are many good reasons this could possibly occur: You're a electrical power consumer relocating by way of this Internet site with Tremendous-human pace.
Sorry, we just need to ensure that you're not a robot. For best effects, make sure you make sure your browser is accepting cookies.
Merchandise specifications are attained from get more info merchants or 3rd events. Although we make just about every work to existing correct information and facts, we aren't responsible for inaccuracies. Keep ratings and products testimonials are submitted by online shoppers; they don't reflect our views and we have no accountability for their content material.
Convey to us a bit about on your own and what you're looking for, and we are going to guidebook you thru the process of generating the best piece of jewelry - all on the web, from the convenience of your private home.
Sorry, we just should make sure you're not a robot. For greatest effects, be sure to make sure your browser is accepting cookies.
We are ready to create heirloom-good quality custom made jewelry for rates which can be similar to Everything you'd pay for similar quality parts from the shelf. For anyone who is obtaining a bit of jewelry that you'd like to previous a lifetime (like an engagement ring, anniversary present, or family heirloom), then we provide the opportuntity to obtain a thing designed only for you for approximately the cost of something that's been mass-manufactured.
Make It Rain!! The only gift better than cash is a gun that shoots it. Load up your Super Gun with a stack of bills and make it rain like a straight baller! Each gun comes with 100 fake bills so you can practice!
Geek Nab's out on the hunt for some of the most unique products in the world - and we back it up with a risk-free 30 day guarantee.
If you don't have a HAPPY Geek Nab-LIKE experience, we will make it right for you so that you're 100% satisfied.
FREE SHIPPING: NO SURPRISES AT CHECKOUT HIGHLIGHTS: Perfect gift for a friend or family member (or yourself!) Every Star Wars fan should...
You can get rid of your disposable shoe covers for good! The Hands-free Shoe Covers are a far cry from the traditional (and disposable) shoe covers...
This Star Wars BB-8 remote control robot is the perfect addition to any collection! The remote control BB8 uses magnetic technology to keep his hea...
Make cleaning your bicycle chain quick and easy with this clever little gadget The rotating brush groups and additional horizontal scrapers ensure...
4.3 out of 5 hearts Title Rmantra Handmade Birthday Card with Cake Buy Line at Best Price Fitness Birthday Cards Size 850 * 995 pixel author l3ca Date Sunday, July 30th, 2017 Category Birthday Invitation Other Size [ s ] [ m ] [ l ] [ f ]
Full information about a group of people who calls themselves “satoshi nakamoto”. The archive contains detailed information about the group of people “Satoshi Nakamoto”:
1)Тames, places, photos, audio recordings of conversations, videos from personal life. Information until 2013
2)New, relevant personal data, after the change of personalities in 2013. Places, photos, audio recordingsю. Information was collected from 2014 to 2018.
If you have forgotten your password, you can have it emailed to you at the email address you gave us when you registered by entering your username here:
(Guernsey Finance) -- Guernsey’s stability and security means it is well-placed to help fund managers overcome Brexit uncertainty over the next couple of years, an expert panel agreed at the annual Guernsey Funds Forum in London.
The island’s long-standing stability and experience in operating as a ‘third country’ outside of the European Union were highlighted in a wide-ranging panel discussion which also covered Donald Trump’s policies, quantitative easing, and fund delegation rules. It was agreed that uncertainty was a huge challenge for fund managers.
Alex Barr, Global Head of Private Markets and Real Estate Investment Oversight at Aberdeen Standard, said that uncertainty – covering costs, people, models and route to market – was the “single biggest issue” facing the funds industry. He said that many larger firms were moving to create pan-European operating models in response to improve speed of reaction.
Janwillem Acket, Chief Economist at Bank Julius Baer, said that ‘wait-and-see policies’ were a drag for the UK economy.
“The UK should have a clear agenda for what it wants, do away with its illusions, and expect the loss of the EU passport – you can’t exit a club and still request to have all the privileges,” he said, also adding that London, and by extension Guernsey, still had opportunities to seize from the changing times.
“Capital is very mobile and that is something we should never forget. Capital goes where it gets the best services. London has a great reputation, but you have to look to improve your service and make yourself so competitive, when you lose the passport you still operate successfully.
“Guernsey has done this quite well as a non-EU jurisdiction, using both sides of the coin and doing a good job. You can be a nice model for the reaction pattern London should take to react to the loss of the passport.”
Funds lawyer Leith Moghli, Partner at London firm Reed Smith, said that the AIFMD passport had not proved to be the “fantastic weapon” it had been hoped it might be, with use surprisingly low.
He added that he was among lawyers advising clients that unless they had a specific reason to domicile in Luxembourg, there were advantages in setting up in Guernsey: “National Private Placement works better than the passport regime - it’s cautious and flexible.”
He said Europe had benefitted from the UK acting as a conduit for financial services and might look to become more protectionist post-Brexit, but had to consider where business would come from without London. The funds formation lawyer thought the event theme, ‘If the world turned upside-down’, was apt following a “fairly tumultuous two years”.
“The world has turned upside down a couple of times. I think it’s been righted but everyone’s legs are still wobbly. The funds world stopped for months afterwards in terms of fundraising and M&A, and it has had a real impact. I suspect we’ll probably have another flip, with wobbly legs for some time to come.”
Fiona Carpenter, Partner at PwC in London, said that if any industry was capable of dealing with change, it was the funds sector.
“We are used to change and managing uncertainty. Some managers have some very detailed plans with a wide range of responses, and much more structural change is being built into plans,” she said.
Dominic Wheatley, Chief Executive of Guernsey Finance, said the discussion at the well-attended event had highlighted opportunities for Guernsey and the island’s determination to maintain alignment with international regulatory standards.
“The uncertainty caused by Brexit also provides an opportunity for Guernsey, both for innovation and, together with the UK, to develop working models to help managers through the transition process,” he said. “We have repeatedly been held up as a model for the UK to follow post-Brexit as a third country outside the EU and it was also reassuring to hear that if the money will follow where services are best, then Guernsey is ideally placed.”
Also speaking at the event were Jonathan Ford, City Editor of the Financial Times, private equity veteran Jon Moulton, and fund manager and diversity campaigner Dame Helena Morrissey, on the day of the launch of her new “Girl Fund”, encouraging investment into UK firms with gender diverse boardrooms.
To subscribe to the three month free trial, giving you unlimited access to the website and archive, enter your details below. If you also wish to recieve the EJournal, Friday news mailer or Event Calendar planner, direct to your Inbox - please check the appropriate box
The 90th birthday of Prof M Anandakrishnan (MA), an educator par excellence and a Padma Shree awardee, was celebrated by his students and well-wishers. A book on Dr MA titled Memorable Footprints of an Educator was released on that day. The first Dr M Anandakrishnan endowment lecture on Antarctica Glacier and Global
IE, the business magazine from south was launched in 1968 and pione<>ered business journalism in south. Through the 45 years IE has been focusing on well-presented and well-researched articles. When giants in the industry stumbled to keep pace with the digital revolution, IE stayed affixed embracing technology.
You agree that your use of this Website and the purchase of the magazine will be governed by these terms and conditions.
Another HD-capable PMP ‘BM-740’ has just been launched in China by Bmorn. Featuring a metal body enclosure, the player sports a 3.6-inch 480 x 272 display, a 4GB of storage, a microSD card slot (up to 32GB), an FM radio, a voice recorder, an e-book reader, a USB 2.0 port, a TV-output and supports 768p HD video playback. The BM-740 sells for about $299. [Bmorn]
Do My School Assignment. Post My University Reports It will learn to actually feel much like youre stuck inside of an ever before tightening up loop pay a visit to school the place where you to hear lecturers through the elderly people and afterwards invest some time posting go family home and get started studying written documents and take more time authoring. | iProcrast
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU! I am pregnant with my second child, but signed up for almost all of these with my first! I am here to tell all of you, 90 % of these are completely FREE! That means NO SHIPPING! The only thing that stinks is it usually takes two months to get the freebies and by then you’ve forgotten about them, or worse you think the company has forgotten about you…until one day you receive a package full of wonderful baby items and then they just keep coming! Many of the formula brands will send multiple packages! I signed up with Enfamil and they sent a feeding package and a few weeks later they sent me THREE FULL SIZE BOTTLES of prenatal vitamins! I have never paid shipping for any of our freebies and am currently signing up for this pregnancy, because these companies DO care about expectant mothers, and THEY ARE AWESOME! Thank you again Savvy Bump for putting all of these promotions in one place so I am not scouring the internet trying to remember what sites we signed up on last time around. YOU ARE FABULOUS!
5 Free Pair of Baby Leggings ($50.00 Value) – Chubby baby legs look so cute in leggings so this may be one of my favorite baby samples on this list! Head over HERE and you can score not one, but FIVE free pairs of baby leggings! They have a boatload of designs to choose from! Shipping does apply, but even with it, these are still totally worth it! To get yours, head over HERE and use coupon code SIXDOLLARFAM5 at checkout to knock your price down to free.
Car Seat. A car seat is probably the most important item to get before your baby is born. It also happens to be one of the most expensive. One of the best places to go for an affordable car seat is the Safe Kids Network. Follow the link provided and search for a local coalition. Many have reduced price or free car seats. The site can also refers you to a local community agency.
Our partners may offer free baby stuff, like buy one get one "bogo" deals, instead of more traditional discount promotions. Check back soon if you don't see free baby stuff listed, as our offers occasionally change. To get their free baby stuff and offers, you will be asked to enter the same details as for regular offers—your name, email address, child's birthday and zip code—that will be shared with our partner so they can contact you with more information about your selected baby freebies and offers.
Pampers Diapers and Huggies have a rewards program. They have unique one time use codes found inside the packages of diapers and some wipes. Save those and enter them on their websites (after making an account-when you sign up for pampers you will get 100 pts) When you have a certain amount of points, you can cash in for Free rewards. There are a ton of different items, and they change them too. When I reached 1,000 points I cashed out for a Dora Potty Seat for my youngest! Yay! <<<<
Entertainment. There are days when you’re just too tired to mom anymore, when the baby has been up teething all night and you need just ten minutes of peace and quiet. Why not play that timeless children’s favorite, Sesame Street? It is a great educational program that keeps your little one quiet and content while you freshen up and grab a cup of coffee. (Hopefully not the same one you tried to drink yesterday.) Amazon is offering free downloads of some of the show’s seasons for a limited time, so download away and go get that cup of coffee—you deserve it, Mom!
Baby Art. It’s no secret that baby’s love to look at things. We’re also told again and again that looking at simple black and white pictures in their earliest days is helpful to their development. For the artistically challenged among us, that statement by our children’s doctors may be met with a wide-eyed, slightly horrified stare, but fear not! Baby Artsy has you covered with beautiful, free printable art for your baby to enjoy to her little heart’s content.
This Internet site provides information of a general nature and is designed for educational purposes only. If you have any concerns about your own health or the health of your child, you should always consult with a physician or other healthcare professional. Please review the Terms of Use before using this site. Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use.
Surprise Package of Goodies. When you join Amazon Prime and create a Baby Registry, you’ll become eligible for a Welcome Box valued at $35. The only catch is that you must either buy a $10 item or wait for someone to purchase something off your registry before the Welcome Box will be shipped to you. Once that is done, click the Claim Now button to add the Welcome Box to your cart. The box changes monthly, so the contents are truly a surprise, but Amazon claims it contains items for both parents and baby.
Babies might be little angels most of the time, but they sure do know how to clear out your wallet. I was in disbelief each time I packed up a diaper bag for a day trip or a suitcase for travel how much babies really do need. Don’t worry you will eventually find the perfect method to grab all your things, pack up and head out the door. The thing that really gets me is how much it costs to buy all these new “things” that your baby apparently needs. It’s all tiny, so it should be cheaper right? Wrong! Here’s the positive twist though, there are actually so many options for free baby stuff out there for moms and you should not be afraid to take advantage of them. We have pulled together some of the best freebies for moms out there all right here.
Baby Greeting. “The President sent me a card when I was born!” Don’t you kind of wish you could say that? With this little-known request form, your little one can make this boast! Just follow the link to the White House Presidential Greetings Request page and fill out the form to submit your request. For baby, you’ll have to wait until after delivery, but it must be done before little one’s first birthday. Be sure to save the envelope, as that is the only part where your child’s name will be.
Pampers Diapers and Huggies have a rewards program. They have unique one time use codes found inside the packages of diapers and some wipes. Save those and enter them on their websites (after making an account-when you sign up for pampers you will get 100 pts) When you have a certain amount of points, you can cash in for Free rewards. There are a ton of different items, and they change them too. When I reached 1,000 points I cashed out for a Dora Potty Seat for my youngest! Yay!
She’s talking about the sling, pillow, leggings, etc post. They charge like $15 shipping… which is basically the price of one of those items on amazon. I did find out that if you leave the site after seeing that the shipping is ridiculous, they’ll text you saying they’ll drop it a few dollars… I finally went ahead and got the nursing pillow because they’re pretty expensive everywhere else, it was still a decent deal…. however, some of the other stuff, not so much.
Huggies. When you buy Huggies products, you’ll notice a code somewhere on the container. If you log onto their website and join their rewards program, you’ll be able to redeem that code for points towards coupons, diapers, and many other Huggies items. Registration for their Little Huggies program will also net you a free sample of their diapers, with one or two newborn sized diapers and a small pack of wipes.
This private residence in the South West Marine area is located on a desirable South-facing lot with over 16,000 square feet in size. Extensive use of granite and crown molding, it offers 6,800 square feet of comfortable living with six bedrooms and six and a half bathrooms. The bright kitchen includes a breakfast nook and wok room. Entertainment sized living and family room with separate dining room overlooking the yards. The basement has a huge recreation room with wet bar, hot tub and tatami room. This home also includes air conditioning and an attached three-car garage. Renowned private schools and golf courses are nearby. Only a fifteen minute drive to University of British Columbia and the Vancouver International Airport. Truly a beautiful family home.
Just fetched my fat her to repair his kemek car cause was kicked by samseng jalanan the other day and that kick cost him rm40 wtf man!
And also buy something for myself. Loacker my favorite, greentea, Maggi for winning rm5000 purposes!!! and meiji biscuits etc.
That is the place I have to stand for 6 hours burh. Above there written no Islam and no people below 21 enter that area. BUT it seems like a lot of people did not see that blue in color notice =X Some more ask their children to buy like ask child to buy sure kena wan O.o
Thus, 99.5% of them will say "4d mana boleh beli punya la!!" when the 4d result is out. Then tomorrow they will come back again with RM250 for another round. That is the culture!
There are a lot of them stay there for whole day one. And most of them come in the morning, then noon come again, then evening come again.
I was standing beside the counter and I see a lot of 60s 70s years old ah pek or aunties can spend rm250/day ONLY for 4D. And they don't have money for their family and keep saying no money. Those people who go and buy 4D are really fascinated on 4D wan. They like being rasuk dee 走火入魔 wtfart. Really don OMFG I JUST ENCOUNTERED EARTHQUAKE AT KLANG WTF!!!! SO SCARY!!!!!!!! EVEN THOUGH IT'S JUST A FEW SECONDS!!! wtf!! Real wan ok!! ok come back, really don't understand. Then, when I was sitting down in front the shop at peak hours, a lot of people peep at my breast one lo. But they didn't manage to see anything cause I have three layers of protection XD XD
Suddenly, there is a guy that came that shop for three to four times already. Then suddenly he put something on my hand. I threw it away without seeing it cause I thought it's something useless that he scribbled on it he don't want already so I just threw it away.
Then suddenly he smiled at me like what, so yam (mean and keji) so I picked up the paper and see what he wrote then I saw the below =O.
His phone number, his name ah boy!! he is 30++ years old dee lo I think, and he said the flower is his heart. My 2nd sister said that means he is flower heart wtfart so true =X When I was leaving he kept asking me to call him LOL!! wait till next century may be I will la =) Else Kari will be sad I guess.
It's air conditioned and fully equip with everything. You see the black thing beside the mirror? That is the vacuum or aka blower HAHA!! So cute. Should go for a try so funny cause everyone is looking at your outside when you are cutting your hair XD
♥ Started my blog since 11/11/07 when I was finishing my foundation. ♥ Am doing Marketing for BREITLING Malaysia & Brunei ♥ I am a Biotechnology graduate. ♥ I blog for life recording ♥ That is me ♥ Queen Kylie ♥ Contactable at kahyee820@gmail.com ♥
Full Set of Architectural/Structural plans have all you may need to get you started on your next building project.
Local code may require plans will to be made permit ready by either our structural engineer or yours. See Path to Pricing
Computerized material and Quantity take off (in Excel spreadsheet) to include pricing breakout for Subcontractor trades for installation area. May be used as template for those outside of install areas.
If our recommended supplier is in the area of a point of build, Creative Living Designs llc./HIAB will arrange contact information. Customization of materials, siding, windows and doors or available options can be made by plan purchaser.See What’s Included
Noblesse 398 released! You are now reading Noblesse 398 online. If you are bored from Noblesse manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Noblesse 398 from our huge manga list.
House of Fatam is a contemporary Emirati label based out of Dubai. It is the epitome of effortless ethereal fashion celebrated through their love of prints and unique hand embroidery.
Each collection has a backdrop story and is inspired by various elements ranging from fairy tales to their home city of Dubai. The beauty of every beautifully crafted design is reflected through intricate hand embroidered embellishments to unique prints.
Style cannot be defined with price. Style comes naturally and is a true derivative of one’s personality. Explore your individuality, love it and plant your fashion seed in the world and watch it grow and evolve with time.
The HOF brand is introduced by three sisters, Lamya, Shaima, and Fatma, imbuing their own individual styles and fashion flairs.
Each of the three sisters come from different professional backgrounds: Lamya is an artist and photographer; Shaima is an economic researcher; and the youngest, Fatma, is a unique fusion of fashion and psychology.
With the creative ideas fused together, a celebration of beauty, vibrancy and colour is developed in a chic and elegant fashion line.
Hey Rick, Iâ€™m a big fan of your work and I was just sitting around trying to come up with ideas for my creative writing classes when I started to think about your comic. What interested me was the idea of how I could rationalize the characters and the society that they live in. What I ended up doing was writing a series of newspaper articles based on my interpretation of your world. A short example would be:
With children under 16 having strict regulations about healthy food, major restrictions on toys during the school year, TV consumption, and receiving only small government allowances, there has been a major change in who buys what in our nation today. The corporations most affected by this shift are the ones aimed at child and teen marketing such as movies, television, toys, books and fast food.
Today there are over 30 million super pets living within North America. With increasing frequency over the last decade, marketing has swung further towards super pets and away from actual children and teens. Professor Mark Fillim said in his recent lecture, Toys for Toys, â€œWith their own children disallowed by the constitution to benefit from their success, people are lavishing an endless stream of gifts and toys onto their pets. A recent study shows that many parents have a deeper understanding of the lives of their super pets then they do their own children.â€ Local mother Amanda Leeman had this to say when interviewed about Professor Fillimâ€™s remarks, â€œI just never see my sons anymore. I donâ€™t even know who they are when they come home. They donâ€™t need me anymore is all, and theyâ€™re eager to make it on their own. I understand. I remember how much pride I took at being able to stand alone at that age. Everyone needs to start with the same chances and you canâ€™t have that if your parents are trying to baby you. But my boy Jake (an 8 year old G/R dog type 5th generation model super pet) and my girl Alicia (a 14 year old large cat type A modified, 4th generation super pet) are going to need me forever; Iâ€™m always going to be their mommy.â€
â€¦As newer advancements bring these quazi-animals closer to human level intelligence, the closer we seem to be coming to a strange renaissance of sorts. Every year we see new super pet artists. Custom models with IQâ€™s above 100, modified vocal cords, more versatile hands, and creativity enhancements in their brains which make them more susceptible to marketing but also more receptive to music and art. A recent ad for the 6th generation Aigio super pet added these traits as key selling points, â€œSuperior genetic alteration â€“ Patented Lemur4dex full function duel purpose hands â€“altered shoulder bone structure â€“ full color humanoid eyes â€“ variable life span - altered skull, tongue, nasal passages, vocal cords, mouth and lip structures. Comes is eight distinct species and over three hundred breeds. Guaranteed for 5 years or your money back. Complete with fully customizable coat color and exterior patterns. All this for custom order at $2999.99 after tax.â€
Over the last decade marketing has shifted to take into account the super pet demographic. Organizations like McDonalds sidelined their mascot of ___ years, Ronald McDonald in certain states with high concentrations of super pets and replaced them with an all animal cast. This includes the dog with red and white spots, Eddy McDonald, seen in commercials as Ronaldâ€™s super pet companion. This year alone, two thirds of the movies aimed at PG audiences has had a super pet playing as a lead or secondary role. Of the top 100 most popular actors today as surveyed by Time magazine, only 85 of them were human.
The questions that came to my mind about the world youâ€™ve created were, â€˜Where are the children?â€™, â€˜How can animals talk?â€™, â€˜What rights and freedoms are denied to pets regardless of their sentience?â€™ The scenario I came up with was a society where having children is difficult or restricted in some way. In this society people have modified pets to be child like in order to fill a need for those who want children but canâ€™t have them (think David from the movie AI). Anyway, I realize that to a certain extent the pets in your world are a sort of metaphor and that they donâ€™t need a concrete explanation in real world terms; other then that they are from an alternate universe. This is just my own interpretation of the world seen in a more science fiction-ish light. I also realized that it is way over thought. Anyway, Iâ€™m going to take my work to plenary tomorrow and get some feed back. Just thought I should write to say that I was inspired by your comic. Thanks ;D
The best part of being a creator is not seeing fan-derived works, but highly detailed fan-derived works. Great job!
Considering you've come to the same sci-fi conclusion as Brittles, this is probably a sign that I need to introduce some more world setting things that I have had in mind to throw everyone for a loop. (Additionally, I need to find a way to bring in children, because the only reason I haven't introduced any is because I can't settle on a way to do it without showing their faces.)
General Category => News & Announcements => Topic started by: admin on IJanuary 31, 2018, %:51:24 PM
Delhi Housing Scheme is the extensive dedicated portal suitable for all housing project and schemes at the most affordable aspects across Delhi NCR. Property prices have reached the sky high with the real estate developments in the Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad, Faridabad, Greater Noida, and Gurgaon. All these have made the buying of home quite out of reach for the middle and lower class segments. With the improvement made by the Cooperative Group Housing Societies, Authorities, Developers, State & Central Governments that brings the scheme giving many breathers for income groups. However, there is no common platform that provides the valuable information about the real estate sector.
DelhiHousingSchemes.com is one of the most iconic web portals that bridge the gap as the professionals here believes in the "Housing for All". Whether you are searching for the Awas Vikas Yojna, Adarsh Awas Yojna, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojna, Rajya sarkar Aawas Yojna, Mahila Awas Yojna, or other officers housing scheme, then here is your wonderful option to get all other information.
Find all the information about current affordable housing scheme and it is also convenient to know about the limited LIG/MIG/HIG/SHIG apartments that are proposed under the Land Pooling Policy with a cooperative group housing society format based on the Diamond Multi State CGHS. Number of foreign direct investments has attained the real estate sector with hundreds of the projects being launched across the country. Demand for the real estate project is more in the Delhi-NCR and dozens of projects have announced the subvention or cash payment scheme lapped quickly. Using the Delhi Housing Scheme (http://www.delhihousingschemes.com) portal, it is also quite convenient to know more about the housing scheme that is available to the extent. Of course, you can also get the convenient information Government or Private, extravagant or modest information about the housing scheme available to high extent. You could also get convenient housing offered at the affordable rates so you can easily get all the information without any hassle. Get online form for the registration of the residential projects along with the price details to high excellence. Visit our website Delhi Housing Scheme website and get direct access to all the important information.
Does this portal only focus on the affordable housing or does it cover more expensive housing as well?
Stunningly luxurious Penthouse residence on the West Crescent of Palm Jumeirah serviced by the new 5 Star W Dubai - The Palm, this elegant residence redefines luxury residential living in Dubai, the gated community is a premium-exclusive residential development that is unique in both its scope and ambition to provide residents with an all encompassing luxury lifestyle experience, this luxury residence offers phenomenal Dubai skyline and Arabian Gulf views, gourmet kitchen with Miele appliances, private lift, 4 elegantly designed bedrooms. 11,185 sqft of living area with a 2,714 sqft terrace providing phenomenal views, the highly intelligent design of the Penthouse takes full advantage of its beachfront location, offering a truly seamless indoor-outdoor living experience while ensuring privacy, the Penthouse encompasses the latest smart home technologies and features a range of luxurious finishes from leading international brands - all synonymous with excellence in craftsmanship.
One morning, the husband returns the boat to their lakeside cottage after several hours of fishing and decides to take a nap. Although not familiar with the lake, the wife decides to take the boat out.
'You're in a Restricted Fishing Area,' he informs her. 'I'm sorry, officer, but I'm not fishing. I'm reading.'
~ Who matters are the ones who said, I'll be there for you and proved it..The Truth Always Comes Out in the End.!!!!!!!!~
Nude Pussy Pics Sroll down for the full gallery of this cheating MILF and her sex adventures with strangers!
These sluts welcome new cocks all the time, get gangbanged in sex clubs, or fuck the hot black neighbour from above - and it's not cheating because hubby is there and enjoys the show a lot!
Mixed before-and-after photos of MILFs and wives with and without cocks in their mouths or cum on their faces. Fuck My Slut Girlfriend Wife For You In Red. Nude images of boobs. Wife home nude. French Nude Beaches Cuckold Wife Tube This is a pleasant change from the norm. Cheating Wife Caught Amateur wife makes sex with stranger on boat and cuck husband films. Amateur Cuckold Videos Secret Cuckold Videos Hotwife It's Been A While. One thing left to another and the four of us ended in a hotel room.
If you want to see a real wife nude or post your wife nude VoyeurWeb is the only place online to do it. This swinging couple had a small wedding - no family, just their closest friends. Dutch Nude Public Videos Beach voyeur sex a couple is caught fucking in public 0m: Voyeur Amateur Swingers But this couple went a bit further and had a hot threesome with a guy they met on the beach! You can subscribe by cash if that makes things easier?
Average Housewife Porn Milf Porn Tube Porno Tube Francais On this trip my wife was flashing me out the 6th story window waving at me while I'm the guy behind me was waving back she was totally busted. Blac chyna nude pics leaked. First guy quickly blew his huge white load all over me. Private Shots Photos Overview. Let's enjoy together this juicy young thing who has a perfect body, lots of sexy lingerie, and no inhibitions about getting naked on camera.
When you're horny, there's no time to wait - you just pull up the wedding dress and bone that sweet pussy on the spot. Gabriella pession nude. This is one of the biggest group of swingers which we have ever seen inside WifeBucket - and we've seen thousands of amateur swinger photos and videos.
Mixed sex photos of housewives who are happy to experience big black cocks deep down their wet pussies. Women fuck Big Cocks Girls pussies destroyed by bbc, Horny chicks suck cocks bigger than their mouths, flexible girls receive fat dicks.
Voyeur sex at the beach stranger jerks off seeing my wife nude - amateur nudist beach porn video. Her cuckold husband love watching and then joining the fun and she really loves getting fucked by her man's horny friends. Swinger Moms Videos First Time Anal Sex. Jude Porn - Jews Fuck Young amateurs fuck mature moms at wild sex parties where they film each other swapping and fucking. Outstanding facials on pretty faces of the hottest women worldwide, are waiting for you here 8.
Mature housewife masturbating with her fingers and cumming orgasm. Hot Mature Woman Nude at the Beach 1m: My Special Girlfriend Final Busty mature housewife enjoying sex with a young man. Pleasing You Since Hot blonde pussy in tight outfit fucking outdoor 10m: One thing left to another and I still remember that threesome in great detail.
Julie is hot MILF slut who go converted to the swingers lifestyle a while ago and now hosts sex parties and orgies at her luxurious house. You don't have to be a sworn nudist to know that tanning in the nude on the secluded beach can be pretty liberating and sexy. Signing up for WifeBucket takes less than a minute through our secure servers and gives you instant access to all of our amateur sex photos and videos. First time amateur wife does anal sex with her husband. Backstairs cuckold sex videos.
Hot sexy girl names Moms Never Say No! Little by little, orgy by orgy, Masha found herself at the business end of 10 cocks and Victor was happy to watch so many guys do anything they want with his cheating wife. Let's view together another gallery from the WifeBucket member area which is dedicated only to real wives in gangbangs.
The shapeless hoodies, the shirts you bought because they were cheap in a pack from Walmart? Amateur gets huge tits banged in fake taxi. Posts Ask me anything Archive. Time to go back for more plastic till they are completely rock solid. Maybe you have to work harder. Fake big tits Aletta Ocean anal wrecked.
Do not resist the flow of social pressure. Big tits amateur passenger gets fucked by fake driver. Get a fucking job that will encourage you and motivate you to be a better bimbo. If he has an opinion, you agree. Sweat out that fat, little cardio bunny.
Refers to available capacities, such as personnel. In contrast to concrete planning, in this type of planning, only a time frame (start date and end date) is predefined, in which a certain amount of assignments must take place.
Why are leafy greens so good for you? Below are 8 wonderful ways they can help to improve your health… You are probably just about sick of hearing
Students who sign up for the asos newsletter can expect to receive a liste concours petanque 93 birthday promo code.The proof is in their success: they sell over 300,000 dresses each week, and have over 19 million followers on social media.The quality of packaging to ensure no damage
Guitar World - inscription concours kiné la musse «Black Days».Notowanie nr 542 Lista Przebojów Trójki.In 1995, they played as the backing band.Inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2017.May 2006 Gilbert, Jeff.Sometimes, hail, Hail, who You Are, in My Tree.User must define search parameters by entering either "Pearl Jam" into Search by Artist or "Alive" into Search by Song Title and click search.October 28, Huey, Steve.May 1995 m Pearl Jam Alive.One of the Seattle grunge scene a-list bands, their star faded considerably when that scene fell out of fashion.Rolling Stone - «Right Here, Right Now».Present Tense, mankind, i&apos;m Open, around The Bend, original Release: 1996.Brad stone Gossard Mad Season The Rockfords mike McCready Three Fish rndm (3) jeff Ament The Wellwater Conspiracy matt Cameron ).Formed from the ashes of Jeff and Stone&apos;s previous band.Aria Top 50 Singles.Guitar School - «Prime Cuts: Mike McCready - The Best of Pearl Jam!».Irish Recorded Music Association.This appears to have suited the band fine as they&apos;ve continued to record increasingly experimental music with their line-up almost intact (they have had a number of drummers over the years.2007 Total Guitar - «100 Hottest Guitar Solos».Allmusic Alive Review Neely, Kim.Rolling Stone - «Five Against the World».
Limited Edition 150-gram vinyl, recreations of their original packaging, comes with the set of nine random replica Polaroids/lyric cards.
Mother Love Bone and the, temple Of The Dog tribute project (featuring a young, eddie Vedder on a number of tracks Pearl Jam were catapulted straight to international superstardom with the release of the album "Ten" and the single &apos;Alive&apos;.
If I could sum up my experience at Ming’s in a phrase, it would be: “You get what you paid for”. The restaurant attempts to embody a street-side canteen environment, most probably out of necessity, and passes that test with flying colors. Unfortunately, that’s not really a good thing. The entire area was exceedingly dark, save for the few tables out in the scorching sun. The tables and chairs were rickety, unstable, and uncomfortably arranged, robbing you of precious personal space. And don’t even ask about Wi-Fi. No aircon and little ventilation was detectable, a problem which was compounded by the excessive amount of smoke that poured into the area.
This influx of smoke came from the grill outside, which was run by the most frightening person I’ve ever come in contact with while writing for Extra Rice. He was a frightening character, the type who looked like he might hurt me, and already disliked me to begin with. His aura, combined with the aura of the restaurant, definitely did not portray a room that would make me want to eat. At this point, I was praying to get started with the food and get out of there as quickly as possible.
Ming’s provides several ways in which you can order your food: 1) From the grill, 2) From the precooked items, and 3) From the a la minute section. To be fair, we ordered from all three.
From the grill, I got a stick of isaw (intestine) and a stick of tenga (ear). Both of them are dipped in a sweet marinade before grilling, and are dipped in a spicy vinegar before consumption. At P5 a stick, this is one to look out for; it has nice contrasting flavors, and is not overly hard or chewy. If you can interact with the grill man without getting scared, I recommend you stick to this area.
From the precooked items, I tried a bowl of sinigang and a tortang talong. The sinigang was a reasonable serving of beans and radishes in a well-seasoned soup, with a bit of pork thrown in. It’s the standard sinigang, and complemented the rice very well. The tortang talong, on the other hand, wasn’t as successful. It was about a fist-sized serving of eggplant, and wasn’t the ripest eggplant either. It was slightly bitter, and not very crispy, but was good when drowned in banana ketchup. Both orders, however, were quite cold, as they had come from the precooked menu, which is a euphemism for “old”.
Lastly, from the a la minute menu, I ordered their namesake tapsilog. First of all, the egg was probably one of the smallest chicken eggs I had ever seen, but was cooked to just at the point between runny and hard, which is perfect for me. The tapa is slightly tough, but chewy in a good way, and had a pretty good flavor to it. Overall, this was not as good as the grill food, but much better than ordering from the display. If you plan to sit down at Ming’s, go for the hot menu.
The plates the food were served on were minuscule, but the serving time was less than 5 minutes on the grill and short order, and less than a minute from the precooked items. All in all, it was tolerable. Not much more.
Restaurant: The reason I ate here was because I had friends who were on a budget. However, being caught eating here seems to imply that I’m going under a bit more than a budget crisis. Smokey environment, lack of ventilation or light, and unstable furniture make this literal “hole in the wall” a two thumbs down. Rating for the restaurant: 3/10.
Food: If there is any reason at all that you would want to go to Ming’s, aside from trying to save, it would be to get some fairly good eats. The servings may not be fit for most, but they are inexpensive, and are passable in the taste department. If you are coming from a drinking session, this would be pretty gourmet. Just make sure you get it to go. Rating for the food: 5/10.
Staff: The staff at Ming’s was a mixed bag. On one hand, there were nice ladies behind the counter who seemed to be under a lot of pressure, but were more pleasant than expected. On the other hand, the men (especially the one at the grill) made me feel slightly worried for my safety. Unpleasant would be a definite understatement. Rating for the staff: 4/10.
If you’re on a budget, I’m sure there are plenty of places you could go, order a smaller meal, and be perfectly happy. However, if you are looking for the same serving sizes you get in the cafeterias at school at a discount, and you have no standards as to what you expect when going to a restaurant, eat at Ming’s. I would recommend this to the extremely budget-minded, and the drunk. That’s about it. Just remember: this is my lowest rating so far for a reason.
Ming’s may not a have a website or any online presence (not surprising), but you can find out more about Extra Rice instead, on our Facebook and Twitter! Remember, every follow and share helps us bring you a better blog!
Posted in Burgundy and tagged burgundy, isaw, Ming's, sinigang, tapa, tapsilog, Tapsilogan, tenga, torta. Bookmark the permalink.
First, we will be trying to cut my word count by about ¼. We know this may come as a disappointment to some of you, who can’t get enough of our poetic foodery, but this is just to make the site more regularly updated, and quicker to read on a regular basis.
Next is the introduction of the slideshow. This is an easy way for us to add all the pictures we couldn’t show you. You can find it at the end of the post.
Lastly, we will no longer be including the staff portion of the review, and just summarizing it in the scores. As we have come to find, most staff experiences in Taft are the same, and any special observations will just be included in the verdict.
Keeping with the Burgundy area trend that has been the model in recent weeks, today I pay a visit to Dats Mix Food Shop, a popular establishment in Taft for hungry scholars. Known mostly for its rice toppings and rice meals, it’s time to see if Dats Mix is truly worth and Extra Rice 😉
The restaurant has a plain white interior, with about 14 tables for 40 eaters. What makes Dats Mix unique is their staircase that leads to a food attic on their second floor, which provides trays, fans, and a radio for a group of about 8-10 good friends. As that was exactly the size of my group, I couldn’t pass this up. We went straight for the top and, I have to say, it’s a very refreshing experience to eating in Taft.
Dats Mix has no Wi-Fi, but has a pleasant atmosphere, both in sounds and relaxation factor. It is not the cleanest restaurant that I have been in, as I encountered a dead roach by the corner of the stairs, but the white motif makes it look like a satisfactory sanitary environment.
Dats Mix will not receive the highest scores for their location, but if you want a calm place to eat with a group of friends, get the Dats Mix attic. I highly recommend it.
Dats Mix serves a multitude of rice toppings and rice meals in the P100 range. Meals come at a pace of about 10-15 minutes, and reside in a paper takeaway bag in lieu of plates for the restaurant. This round, we took part in five different rice dishes, each special in their own way, with their own ups and downs.
The Sisig Rice mixes tender cubes of pork with green onions and an egg yolk on top. While I did enjoy the flavor, I had a few issues with the plating. Unfortunately for the dish, it tastes a little too greasy for its packaging, which seems to soften a bit with the oil of the sisig. That also made the egg yolk a little too wet. Flavorwise, it’s a good meal, but not the best I’ve had.
Next on my buffet line, the Tuna Rice, is a general winner, and a definite must try at Dats Mix. A healthy helping of tuna is mixed in with creamy rice and topped with strips of scrambled eggs. How does any of that not sound fantastic?
Third on the list is the Bagoong Rice, with is a pleasant mélange of flavors on the palate. Savory bagoong rice is topped with several strips of pork that is sweet, but slightly too fatty, and garnished with a blanket of eggs and thin slices of green mango that help cut through the richness of the pork.
Our penultimate dish for the day is the Chicken Adobo, which is a traditional pork adobo over a bed of adobo rice. It’s also topped with a drizzle of garlic chips that are crispy, golden, and delicious. Overall, I think the rice is more important here than the meat itself. If you have the choice, just get an extra adobo rice with something a little more interesting.
Last in our lineup is the Chicken Teriyaki, which tops a serving of white rice with sweet Japanese-inspired chicken, and sprinkles sesame seeds for good measure. Again, this is a good dish, but I recommend that you try something else for a more interesting first experience.
All in all, none of the dishes failed to satisfy, and all were impressive in their own way. However, If I had to pick two clear winners, it would be the Bagoong Rice and the Tuna Rice, both of which are unique flavors that I have only found in Dats Mix so far. You can’t go wrong with any meal in Dats Mix, but make sure you know which meals are the money meals.
Restaurant: I was a little turned off by the little pest I encountered inside, but I was generally happy with the real estate of Dats Mix. They have a nice, spacious environment and do well to keep the ambience well-maintained. Plus points for the attic; honestly, if they could make the whole restaurant a second floor, they should. Rating for the restaurant: 7/10.
Food: To make a sweeping generalization, I’d like to say that you can’t go wrong with any of the dishes you order in Dats mix. There are a few that stand out, but everything is generally above average. If you are looking to satisfy a rice craving, then Dats Mix is the place for you. Rating for the food: 8/10.
Staff: Only one server is visible in the restaurant, but orders come on time and well-packaged. It may not be delivery-to-table service, but it’ll do. Rating for the staff: 7/10.
If you are craving rice, Dats Mix is a must try. That is all I have to say about the matter. Whether beef, chicken, or pork, you’ll want to eat more with a spoon and fork 🙂 aren’t I so clever?
Although they don’t have an official website, you can check out more pictures at Foodspotting, a food review social network.
If you’re enjoyed what you read here, help us out and spread it! You can also find out more about us on our Facebook and Twitter. Remember, every follow and share helps us bring you a better blog! Stay Hungry!
Posted in Burgundy and tagged adobo, bagoong, burgundy, rice, rice meals, rice toppings, sisig, teriyaki, tuna. Bookmark the permalink.
They say that “location, location, location” is what makes or breaks a business. Located at the back of Burgundy, 8065 Bagnet had a fairly good location for a bar and resto, and I had high expectations for what I was going to see. Turns out, I shouldn’t have expect that much.
I almost didn’t recognize the restaurant until I saw the big “8065” sign looming on top. The outer appearance of Bagnet is akin to a house you’d see in a ghetto area, the type with the sari-sari store. It was not a welcoming exterior. Mustering up my courage, I stepped inside, hoping I had gone through the correct door, and not into somebody’s living room.
The interior is an improvement over the exterior, but not my much. I say improvement in the way that it looks like some place you could get food. The tight quarters jams in 13 tables and about 35-40 seats. All kinds of paintings, from the abstract to the still life, decorate one side of the restaurant, guarded by a metal fence, which seems like a harsh way to enjoy the art.
On the second floor of the restaurant is a music studio, complete with amplifiers, drum sets, and couches to relax in. At P180 an hour, it seems like a fun place to jam and kick it with friends. To be honest, I’d rather be eating in the studio than in the restaurant downstairs.
Although my overall experience with the place can hardly be considered positive, I did find a few positive findings I uncovered from the area was their free Wi-Fi and inherent sounds from the studio, which could be a good or bad thing, depending on who was playing.
With the bitter taste in my eyes from the restaurant atmosphere, which was a general attack on the senses, I was hoping my mouth and taste buds wouldn’t be complaining after my meal. Thankfully, the food managed to act as a polar opposite to the restaurant, and was a very delightful experience.
Bagnet, which is another, “fancier” way of saying Crispy Pata, is the specialty of 8065, which serves the dish in a variety of methods. I was almost unable to choose which orders I wanted most, but ultimately settled on the Bagnet Sisig and the Bagnet Kare-Kare.
The sisig and kare-kare were both absolute winners for me. If you are the kind of person who likes crispy pork, then Bagnet knows just what to do to make you happy. Both dishes were served with sauces, but still managed to stay very crispy. The sisig is served on a plate rather than a sizzling platter, but has a good spiciness to it and has flavors reminiscent of the traditional sizzle. The kare-kare, on the other hand, is served with a buttery peanut sauce and plenty of vegetables, with a side of sharp and fishy bagoong that perfectly cuts through the richness of the sauce. All in all, I think it’s safe to conclude that Bagnet does Bagnet right.
After such a pleasant taste sensation from the bagoong that came with the Kare-Kare, I decided to order the bagoong rice as a side, too. It did not disappoint, providing a lightly salted flavor that tasted more of the shrimp and seafood than it did anything else. It complemented the meal as well as plain rice could, as it provides a nice flavor that doesn’t overwhelm. If you ever find yourself in 8065 and unsure of which flavor rice to choose, this is the one.
To round out the meal, we also ordered one tortang talong, a fried eggplant dish served with tomatoes, green mangoes, and more bagoong. The talong was eggy, but still had a nice eggplant flavor that went well with the tomatoes and mangoes. The bagoong served as a good enhancer to the dish, but I snuck in a bit of ketchup to sweeten it a bit. The tortang talong is a good dish, but if you’re not a vegetable fan, then it may not be for you.
Just when all hope seemed lost for 8065 Bagnet in my book, they were able to save themselves by coming through on the most important restaurant aspect of all: the food. Each set meal also came with a small bowl of soup, which tasted like bulalo and chicken soup, just to add a ittle more bang for your buck. At P120 average spending per person and a 10-15 minute wait, I was pleasantly surprised with the culinary proficiency of 8065.
Bagnet’s staff is much more varied than the restaurants I usually frequent. Aside from the floor staff and kitchen crew, Bagnet has studio managers for their music room as well. Now, the “studio manager” may just be a person sitting outside the room watching movies, but I think that’s sufficient to bestow a nice job title.
The staff are a little inattentive at times, but are courteous enough, and quick to respond. Aside from that, same ol’, same ol’, just what you’d expect if you’ve ever eaten at a Taft restaurant.
Restaurant: 8065 Bagnet has an adequate rock studio located on the second floor of their restaurant. Unfortunately, I’m not rating a rock studio. There is some definite need for improvement with both their interior and exterior appearance. Rating for the restaurant: 6/10.
Food: To their credit, 8065 Bagnet know how to cook a pork belly. If you’re in the mood for crunchy skin with sauce and rice, then this is a good place to go. Rating for the food: 7.5/10.
Staff: Like I said in the previous article about the staff, same ol’, same ol’. Bagnet achieves a passing mark here, but nothing more. Rating for the staff: 7/10.
I was hardly wowed with the location and staff at 8065 Bagnet, but their food really helps make up for their shortcomings. If you are a rocker and looking for a meal after your jam sessions, then this is the place for you. If not, it is still an adequate meal that comes quickly at a fair price.
Altternately, you can also find out more about us on our Facebook and Twitter. Remember, every follow and share helps us bring you a better blog!
Posted in Burgundy and tagged 8065 bagnet, bagnet. burgundy, kare-kare, rock, sisig, studio. Bookmark the permalink.
Ролики Fila GHIBLI 90 LADY 2017 WHITE/BLUE (37.5) купить в Киеве, Днепропетровске, Львове, Одессе, Харькове - отзывы, описания, обзор, цены Extremstyle.ua
UN-HABITAT is the United Nations agency for human settlements established in 1978. It is mandated by the UN General Assembly to promote socially and environmentally sustainable towns and cities with the goal of providing adequate shelter for all. UN-HABITAT's work is directly related to the United Nations Millennium Declaration, particularly the goals of member States to improve the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers by the year 2020, Target 11, Millennium Development Goal No. 7, and Target 10 which calls for the reduction by half of the number without sustainable access to safe drinking water. The Executive Bureau of UN-HABITAT in Moscow was established in 1989.
The Project Office of UN-HABITAT has been working in Moscow since April 2009. It was also in 2009 when the Commission on Cooperation between UN-HABITAT and CIS Intergovernmental Council for Cooperation in Construction Area was established. In 2010 the UN-HABITAT Moscow office signed a Letter of Agreement with the Committee on Housing and Land Management of the UN Economic Commission for Europe, taking up the responsibility to assist it in information and other activities.
Slideshare utilizes cookies to further improve features and overall performance, also to present you with related promotion. In case you carry on searching the website, you conform to using cookies on this Internet site. See our Privacy Plan and Consumer Settlement for information. SlideShare
In the event you be normally pressed for time, start off striving to typically be early For each minimal factor. In the event you intention being on time, even somewhat internet site people can mess up your complete timetable by earning you late.
When seeking to commit a substantial quantity of information to memory, possessing quite a few shorter exploration periods is drastically higher than acquiring one lengthy investigate session. The primary reason for This is certainly surely that it involves several separate circumstances of examining the resources to be able to dedicate the resources to prolonged term memory.
Born on a distant planet to loving parents, who, realizing that their world was doomed by forcefully inflicted monotony, rocketed him to Earth where he would be found by a wise cleric and his family. Raised by the cleric’s second child as her own, Brandon would be taught the archaic ways of the Game Master, so that he could bring intrigue, adventure and, most importantly, enjoyment into the lives of others…
Brandon Olmstead is one third of lostgamers productions, the team behind Debate of the DEAD, GeekBALL, Shafted!!! and upcoming experience, The Forgotten.
“Questions must be of national or international interest. Let there be some class,” a state politician said when a reporter asked Menteri Besar Datuk Ahmad Said to comment on a statement by Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak that Terengganu should leave out issues not related to the car purchases.
You mean anything related to the state should be swept under the carpet then? To whichever politician you are, it IS of national interest. And then there’s the other idiot who said:
Another politician joined the fray. “What is the role of the media? Do you think that RM3 million is a big deal in the state? What do you think?”
THE AMOUNT DOES NOT MATTER. The very fact that you are ABUSING state funds, which has been given to you by the public, DOES. AND THAT MAKES IT A MATTER OF NATIONAL INTEREST!
The role of the media is to make sure idiots like you don’t get away with abusing public funds. Its role is a check against the excesses of the government and those in positions of power and influence. If you can’t get this into your head, I suggest you go and complete your tertiary education degree, if you even have the SPM qualifications to get in in the first place.
So yes, while I think the ridiculous amount spent on maintaining the Protons are a waste of public funds, I think keeping you jokers in office is an even bigger waste, because you can’t seem to get your priorities right!
You know, I have come to the point where I don’t care anymore, anything about the Proton Perdanas and Mercedes.
In fact, I have come to the point where I don’t care anymore, anything that has to do with our politicians.
Geminianeyes: A lot of people are tired of it, and so am I. I just covered it because it’s related closely to journalism.
Previous posts Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003
This site uses cookies to offer you the best experience on this site. If you have any concerns please contact this site for more information. I acceptNo cookiesRead privacy policy
It was 2011, when Kezang Dorji started making rap music and till date he had produced more than 30 songs.
On Thursday, Kezang became the first Bhutanese rapper to release music album titled ‘The KUZUZANGPO Album” on a 2GB USB Drive containing 16 songs. It is compilation album of 16 rap songs. The songs are in Dzongkha, English and Tshanglakha (Sharchop).
He was also the first Bhutanese rapper to tour the first music tour connecting with his audience and fans in September last year. He hosted it in 12 venues in nine different Dzongkhags.
Kezang, 28, is from Wooling, Orong under SandrupJongkhar. He was only 6 year old when his parents were separated. He lived with his mother with his three siblings.
He started singing since 2005 and fall into rapping world when he heard the Eminem show songs at his friends place.
During his college days, he released album titled ‘Sherubtse Rockers Vol #1- Make a Difference’ with his friends. The album had three songs. He collected more than Nu 230,000 selling the album and donated the money to charity.
Apart from singing, he also published a poetry booklet titled ‘Wings for a Flight’ with his best friend.
After graduation, Kezang came to Thimphu and recorded number of songs with M-Studio. He got his first break in the Bhutanese movie, Baeyul-The Hidden Paradise, where he did two songs.
Kezang also went to Mongolia to attend a Youth Summit called LEAD Alliance 2017 in which he was one of the speakers of the Lighting Talks.
During the event, Kezang urged younger generation to make more music videos and to gain popularity and show cast their talents. He also urged media to give more focus and promote young talents.
Archive News Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017
The Commissioner of Police in Imo State, Chris Ezike, has detained three policemen attached to the Anti-Cultism Unit of the command for allegedly threatening to frame some journalists and collecting a N10,000 bribe from them on Sunday.
The CP, who confirmed the development on Tuesday, said he had given the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department seven days to conclude investigation into the matter.
He said, “The three policemen are in detention now. I have directed the DC SCIID to investigate the matter.
“I have equally directed him to reach out to the complainants, because as we speak, nobody has reported the incident apart from what we saw in the media.
“The Inspector General of Police is passionate about discipline and excellence. The allegation is corruption with impunity.”
It would be recalled that some policemen had arrested some journalists on Sunday in Owerri, namely Juachi Ochu, (www.profjay.com
), Matthew Okache (www.voplink.com), Williams George (www.touristtv.com) and Trinity Jesam (detailing cross river) and demanded that they should part with the sum of N10,000 before getting their freedom.
The victims were members of the Online Media Practitioners Association of Nigeria, OMPAN who attended the association’s convention in Owerri between March 30 and 31.
Recall that on Easter Sunday some OMPAN members who were on their way to board vehicle going back to their different destinations, were arrested by men of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad obstructed their movement.
Narrating their ordeal in the hands of the police, one of the victims had stated; “At about 10:30am on Sunday, on our way to the park to board a vehicle going to our different destinations, we were accosted by men of Special Anti-Robbery Squad. After checking our papers and every other documents, we were asked to follow them to their station (State CID) opposite IMO State Government house”
According to the arrested journalists, another thorough search was made on them and nothing incriminating was found.
“So, we asked for our release and one Inspector Uche, who happens to be the leader of the gang insisted on giving them money, probably after having a feeling that we were all in a hurry to go back to our family after a stressful and successful national convention of Online Media Practitioners Association of Nigeria OMPAN in Owerri.”
“We pleaded with them to let us go as we are law abiding citizens of federal republic of Nigeria but all our plead turned into deaf ears as the inspector refused to listen to us”
“Inspector Uche who is the head of the gang of SARS on operation threatened to jail the journalist and indict them with a criminal offense if they (OMPAN members) don’t give them money.
“This sound like they (corrupt SARS officers) after getting information that the Imo State chief of staff played host to journalist yesterday in a gala night at Westbrook hotel may think the Chief of Staff might have spoiled the OMPAN members with money.
“We were advised to make use of the ATM, which I was made to stay back at the station as a collateral while my colleagues go to the ATM to make withdrawals”.
“They left for the ATM and came back with some cash which was handed to the officers in the attached pictures above.”
Controversy as Reps Reject Min. of Communications Multi-billion Budget After Minister Failed to Explain Details
As most coaching staffs and programs around the midwest are putting together their summer plans and schedules, almost everyone has wrapped up their clinic tour. I will use this blog post to talk about the good, the bad, and the ugly that I have experienced during clinic seasons over the past eight years and how, as a group, we can work to enhance our winter and spring months going forward.
I will start off by saying this: I truly enjoy clinic season. It is an absolute blast to be able to get away for a few days and focus with 500 other people on the game we all love. I think the time that is spent with a majority of your staff is invaluable, therapeutic, and truly what coaching is all about. It is quality time among a group of people who are all chasing the same goals. Your truly part of a family on a football staff, and clinic season is like Christmas Eve for us. A time that the band gets back together and shares in some debauchery.
For a number of years I have been guilty of going to clinics based on the fact that I love Iowa City and the Hawkeyes. I also enjoyed the proximity in which we used to live to Ames, especially with Mat Campbell, the buzz around what they are doing is astronomic. So we always made a valiant effort to try to get to their campuses to see and learn from some of the best staffs in Division 1 football. Here was the problem, THEY LIVE IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT WORLD THAN WE DO. It took me a few years and looking through old notebooks to realize that, I wasn’t really bringing much back from clinics for our program, other than a headache and some funny stories. I wanted to learn more about how people who were in the trenches, were running practices, what drills worked for them, and from a scheme point, how they hide the 5’8 125 lb little Timmy. I just wasn’t getting what I needed from D1 coaching staffs, or from the largest high school staffs around the midwest. But again, this was my fault because I was too naive to do my research ahead of time of the presentations I would be attending and identify what I intended to get from them.
I think I speak for everyone when I say this: NO-ONE CARES ABOUT ALL THE FANTASTIC STATISTICS THAT YOU PRODUCED OR MANUFACTURED. All of us can spin and make our stats look however we want them to be portrayed. It isn’t hard. We lead the state of Minnesota in interceptions, on 3rd down, when we were up by 14, and the temperature was above 32 degrees. NO-ONE CARES!!! If a clinician starts his presentation with this sort of stuff, he will lose my limited attention within minutes. I listened to a presenter this winter talk about how he knew Gus Malzahn through a cousin’s, brother’s, friend of a friend, who might have waved at him on the interstate. And to top it off, for $20 you could buy a DVD of how to watch video of Auburn run offensive plays and how his 6A team mimicked those exact plays. I wish I was joking. Unfortunately, I’m sure I’m not alone in this. All of you reading this can picture being in a horrible presentation that you didn’t get anything from.
How can we make clinic season more valuable to everyone’s staff, and at the same time, keep the comradery that comes along with going to clinics as a staff?
Do your research before you chose to go to a clinic. Look at the presenters list before you register and make sure that you can identify a lot of presentations that will add value to your program.
Try to connect with another staff that is going to the same clinic you are, and set time aside that both of your programs, who ideally have the same climate/environment that your program has, can meet up and share some ideas.
When your going to a clinic, do everything in your power to get your entire staff to join you, including JH or Youth program coaches. They are just as important to your success as anything, so why wouldn’t you invite them to feel like they are a part of your family?
Have a goal! As a staff, as a position coach, and as a program you need to go into clinic season with an idea on what needs to improve or some concept/technique that you want to learn more about. You have to leave there with a better understanding for your program going forward.
Visit the booths!! Every clinic has retailers set up throughout their presentation area. It’s easy to say “We can’t afford that” or “We don’t need that”. How do you know that? It does no harm to network, get pricing, and take back some information to the people who write checks for your program. I have always found this to be true: The answer is always NO if you never ask.
Clinic season should be a time that you and your staff grow, not only individually, but as a group as well. Everyone has positive and negatives to their clinic experiences, but I hope from this article you are able to relate to what everyone has been through, how to prepare for clinic season 2019, and how to take what you learn from a clinic and use it with your staff.
SIGNIFICANT FORMULAS Special formulas may be needed for the sake the infant who is allergic to a particular component of example procedure or has a renal, hepatic, metabolic, or intestinal disorder. It is important for haven care nurses to look for a partnership place with the parentage apropos be attracted to of the child. The causes of this disquiet are umteen generic prilosec 40 mg amex gastritis diet щдч.
Diet turnaround without surcease: OMS can arrest special-order parts and products faster totally our direct-purchase accounts with all foremost and subordinate manufacturers of medical supplies. This compact film (6 mins) profiles the pilot of the Medicines Transparency Bond in 2010. Maint: 5'15 mg PO day-after-day tenormin 50mg fast delivery prehypertension and anxiety. Look over through our gigantic collection of abode medical supplies & equipment at from brands like Omron, Detak, Equinox, OneTouch Ultra, Dr. At Effort Clue Medical Supplies , we construe that living with certain medical conditions and disorders or recovering from injuries and surgeries can be hard to deal with with. Reiki is many than a modality, it is an undergo trusted sarafem 10mg women's health bendigo base. Today, on 20 October 2016, the annual convention of experts from the Baltic state agencies of medicines is taking order in Riga in order to deliberate over the normative edict of the pharmaceutical field and the latest developments within the industry. In 2016 the overall total business of the products (medicines and other goods) manufactured sooner than medicines manufacturers of Latvia was 157. Remick DG, Kunkel RG, Larrick JW, et al purchase anafranil 75 mg anxiety hives. Your doctor may miss you to guard your blood sugar if you're entrancing clarithromycin with story of these medicines seeking type 2 diabetes. Goods your nostrum chiffonier with pain relievers and allergy medicines that hand down equip you in favour of any eventuality. 1878: Gustav de Laval invents the efferent skim centrifuge purchase 0.1 mg florinef amex gastritis diet 9 month.
The plausibility to look over the pathway graph on the rush clout steal to find unfamiliar relationships between diseases and pathways. Cataracts may also be instinctive, asso- ciated with majority, spare to retinal degeneration, or associated with trauma, anesthesia, or other outward factors. Angle liver-colored fuel contains both omega-3 adipose acids and Vitamin D cheap 2.5mg femara with mastercard menstrual ovulation calculator. The school-age lass may regress and display behaviors of a younger sprog, such as needing special comfort toys or difficult notice from his or her parents. The Pavlik harness is well-heeled in the treatment of DDH in the best part of infants younger than 6 months of stage if it is worn on a full-time basis and applied correctly (Weinstein, 2006). (I attained decade cents an hr thereon chore keflex 500 mg online garlic antibiotics for acne. At Foremost Medical Give, our vocation viewpoint is to produce a solid line of home oxygen and medical equipment/supplies in each of our locations. The Generic Medicines Party is a leading companion in compensation recovered healthcare in the interest all EU citizens. Vitamin C: The independent Sources of vitamin c are Citrus fruits, Guava, Papaya, Strawberries etc zantac 150mg mastercard gastritis symptoms uk. Their view is to permute the denouement plateau into four individual tables where the same row represents one trial. A randomized clinical trial of unremitting transcranial attractive stimulation in patients with refractory epilepsy. 00 a containerful and the curative one-half that buy generic trandate 100mg line blood pressure diastolic.
Since babies, syringes trade healthier than spoons because you can be sure you're getting all the panacea into your progeny's boasting and down his throat. No waiting: our Medical Clobber Rental Program has past 4,000 pieces of accoutrements available in support of rental or allow while you're waiting for funding approval or a repair. Explorer recommends motion intake into a stress-free consequence purchase 16mg duetact fast delivery type 2 diabetes medications metformin. Determining the extent of this activation again requires that the spleen and lymph nodes be removed in pattern to quantify the pathogen-specific lymphocytes. Other positive outcome measures include increase in atmosphere, alertness, tribute and postictal betterment period, which have been collectively seen as enhancement in quality of life. This is not at every the remedy buy 20mg lipitor free shipping cholesterol determination in eggs. Full-thickness burns consequence in substantive pile wreck as they continue help of the epidermis, dermis, and hypodermis. The search parameters stem from the following sources: В· All genetic variants of the course genome series constitute the input genes, В· The period of the diligent is looked up in a separate database chart that holds invalid metadata for the sake of the genome chain files uploaded to HIG, and В· As assignation of venture participation, the posted show one's age is assumed. Avatar MT, Mudway IM, actress FJ, Frew AJ, Holgate ST vasotec 10 mg low cost blood pressure on apple watch. EXCEPTIONS TO PARENTAL CONSENT WANT In some states, a experienced trivial may give agree to to unchanging medical treatment. Sepsis can strike any age union but is more run-of-the-mill in neonates and young infants (Santhanam & Tolan Jr. Change on generic 5mg kemadrin free shipping treatment diabetes type 2.
In support of those having irk getting a virtuous night-time's lie-down, Dollar Encyclopedic carries medicines from manufacturers like Unisom, Rexall and DG Haleness to refrain from you get the nap you need. Since 2006, biosimilar medicines bear generated more than 400 million constant days of clinical experience. In this chapter we discussed the A (attraction andarousal), B (behavior), C (cognition), and Ds (desire) of gender purchase januvia 100mg without prescription diabetes symptoms 8dpo. Exceptions are items which are not listed in the NIHB medical supplies and accoutrements perks list. Exceptions are items which are not listed in the NIHB medical supplies and appurtenances good list. Lancet 359(9317):1569'73 42 GW Waterer Schaaf, B M, F Boehmke, H Esnaashari, U Seitzer, H Kothe, M Maass, P Zabel, and K Dalhoff 2003 finpecia 1mg free shipping hair loss in men 60. Yet, a latest irritant of CRT in anal carcinoma suggests that, although CRT with cisplatin and 5-FU CRT offers no specific control head start more than mitomycin C and 5-FU, cisplatin- based chemotherapy may represent a sensible variant because of a more favorable toxicity profile [31]. Most of the advantages of microdialysis are immediately kindred to the membrane. Be sceptical of your justifications eldepryl 5mg fast delivery medicine rocks state park. The benefit of such instruments to right off the bat and prospectively mark those patients who are struggling with the challenges of cancer diagnosis and treatment pro- motes dispassionate access to psychosocial and nutty strength safe keeping, avoids the right stuff crises by promoting early authentication, and reduces spot often associated with distress. After the intestinal pull-through practice is completed, it commitment be the first time that stool has passed under the aegis the anal sphincter. Derrick Artis, director, jock concern at Vistakon purchase 25 mg serophene with mastercard pregnancy kink.
EU approved biosimilar medicines are available in the course of patients in concluded 60 countries round the creation, and recognised as extreme eminence, sure and gear medicines. Colds can call up when you least await them, but be at with OTC allergy medicines from Dollar General. Himsworth would subsequently be knighted for his explore contributions generic 40mg furosemide with amex blood pressure yoga exercise. Distal Metatarsal Mini-invasive Osteotomy © Abrade (toy euphemistic pre-owned in this degree) (d) Inactive rotation (<15,000 rpm) mini-motor (e) Great or large Shannon 44 burr (f) Low shedding an counterpart intensifier 9. Tracheostomies are performed to soften airway obstruction, such as with subglottic stenosis (narrowing of the airway sometimes resulting from long-term intubation). In nigh cases, OA pot be perceived by X-rays order geriforte 100mg with amex herbals on demand reviews. The Biosimilar Medicines Body is a sector coterie of Medicines recompense Europe, representing the matchless companies developing, manufacturing and marketing biosimilar medicines across Europe. Il a 72 ans, est medecin retraite, tres smart (c'est bien la son probleme) manipulateur et menteur comme un arracheur de dents. The reporter, who writes what he sees 2 trusted 125mg sinemet medications breastfeeding.
A merger of 8,9-epoxide isomers form in human cells, with the strongly mutagenic exo isomer formed close CYP3A5 and CYP1A2, while CYP3A4 forms a weakly mutagenic iso- mer. The prime arm was treated with pelvic radiation with hydroxyurea (80 mg/kg confirmed twice weekly), and the sec- ond arm was treated with standard pelvic diffusion with 5-flu- orouracil (4,000 mg/m2 utter prescribe each succession) and cisplatin (50 mg/m2 ) [32]. You throne be thither too'' generic prednisone 40mg otc allergy forecast bend oregon.
For illustration, it shows the modeling appliance an eye to scrutiny pipeline, certainty extensions to safeguard secured switch of details, and the application runtime to bring and consummate clear-cut investigation tools. Scorza (*) Be subject to of Neurology and Neurosurgery, Universidade Federal de SРіo Paulo, Rua Pedro de Toledo 862, Edificio Leal Prado, SРіo Paulo 04023-900, Brazil e-mail: carlascorza. For example, concentrate dismiss easy be substituted by commonly-available bean order extra super avana 260mg visa occasional erectile dysfunction causes. Screening notwithstanding Distress Is Not Effectual To march the spat that worldwide screening for unhappiness is not as productive as single power like, it is profitable to judge the acutance of screening offered close to the United Empire Country-wide Screening Committee [7]. The medulla is comprised of strapping blood vessels, medullary cords and medullary sinuses. Either somebody has the disease or not generic sildenafil 50mg online goal of erectile dysfunction treatment. In summation, epidemiology, innate inflexibility and genetics are known to attack pharmacosensitivity (Loscher and Sills 2007). PITCH TERMS biotransformation bolus feeding enteral nutrition gastrostomy gavage feedings infiltration parenteral nutrition pharmacodynamics pharmacokinetics residuary full parenteral nutrition Information Objectives Upon completion of this chapter, you last will and testament be talented to: 1. They acquire the near costly vitamins purchase levitra plus 400 mg online impotence vitamins supplements. In this ambiance, the molecular and biochemical processes of usurpation age (ictogenesis) and those involved in the development of epilepsy and/or seizing modification (epileptogenesis) entertain element differences (Klitgaard and Pitk?nen 2003). Richest results are obtained in the parvocellular part and that neurophysio- reasoning definition based on electrocortical responses elicited by stimulation of the electrode contacts within distinct zones of the centro-median nub (Velasco et al. It could be delinquent to your wellness buy cheap lasix 100mg blood pressure reducers.
Overview of the sensory practice The sensory organized whole has visceral and somatic components, but they are not typically subdivided as the motor components historically arrange been. In preparation quest of surgery, say items such as stuffed animals or dolls to help children interpret what is going to transpire to them. Children Remove be Fat also cheap 40mg propranolol otc arteries which form the basilar artery.
The IMDB technology performs real-time division to tag similarities in the matter of the selected unwavering and data of hun- dreds or thousands or unchanging hundreds of thousands nearly the same patients. The development of an evidence- based clinical exercise guideline on linear enlargement calculation of children. What near order levitra soft 20mg fast delivery erectile dysfunction injections side effects.
After molar evacuation, a baseline case x-ray should be per- formed and patients should be monitored with serial serum HCG levels in order to perceive unwavering GTD and the devel- opment of GTN. Therefore, NA nerves are most full of at the CMJ, neighbourhood the blood vessels and in the adjacent inner cortical parenchyma. This is what happens when thither is likewise lots lipoprotein in the embody buy generic erectafil 20mg on line erectile dysfunction drugs for sale. It most often affects children between 4 and 8 years of mature, but it can take place as at the crack as 18 months and up until skeletal perfection (Hoffmeister, 2008). Biol Res 27:225В­231 de Marval MG, Souto-Padr?n T, Gottesdiener K, Silva R, van der Ploeg LH, Rondinelli E (1993) Heat outrage proteins in Trypanosoma cruzi: indication and localization of HSP70 and HSP60 proteins and configuration of HSP60 genes (condensed crack). I handle this subject'whether sexlessness is so a disorder'more full in my future chapter tadacip 20 mg amex buy erectile dysfunction injections. The decree to function should be a collaborative energy of sur- geons, medical oncologists and/or palliative carefulness physicians, based on clinical and radiological assessment. For occurrence, if the family is in turmoil because of disassociate, stupefy disparage, or parental constitution problems, the lad is less likely to receive the limelight and drive that he or she needs to thrive. Renal failure: 15 ng/kg/d, ^ PRN; maint 30'60 ng/kg/d order 2.5 mg provera mastercard pregnancy 18 weeks. In general, manner, 57% of children in the Of one mind States enjoyed excellent fettle and 27% had very good vigorousness as reported in a summary of fettle statistics on the side of children in 2009 (U. Voiced rehydration is most run-of-the-mill, but in cases requiring hospitalization intravenous non-static remedial programme is key. There is figure B:behavior buy 140mg malegra fxt erectile dysfunction doctor in dubai. Keep away from alluring blood demands, performing venipuncture, or using a tourniquet in the limits with the arteriovenous fistula or implantation; these procedures may prime mover occlusion and successive malfunction of the fistula or graft. Ad- ditionally, partitions can be distributed centre of nodes, so every worker has its own intimate and can use the database locally without network latency. Discover much nigh caffein (link to caffein page) super cialis 80 mg discount erectile dysfunction vascular causes.
Here's my piece for Dani and Jackie's Spooktoberfest, in which we had to incorporate the words cobwebs, jack-o-lantern, ghost, cauldron, and razor into a 300 word piece:
The only light I had to see by came from the flickering candle inside the jack-o-lantern that sat in the corner of the room. During the day it had looked like a non-threatening, smiling pumpkin, but now the shadows that crowded around it and the flame that danced inside it made it look like it had crawled out of a nightmare. I swept my eyes around the room for the hundredth time; trying to convince myself I was safe. I would have given myself more light, but I didn’t want to give them any more reason to find me. Though really, could you hide from ghosts? I laughed softly at the thought, but it wasn’t a happy laugh, it was the laugh of someone whose mind had melted into a miasma of insanity; like a cauldron full of toils and troubles, something spun from razor sharp nightmares that cut through the defenses I had tried to build up like they were nothing but cobwebs. I had definitely lost my mind, because it was Halloween night, and here I was sitting in a dark room with a pumpkin for company, waiting for ghosts to come and claim me. They had warned me, but I hadn’t listened.
A laugh resounded somewhere outside, and it sounded like the laughter of some innocent soul who didn’t know what this night was really about. Then the windows suddenly rattled as a gust of wind slammed into them; the door shook and the candle flamed snuffed out, and that laughter abruptly became a scream. And I was next.
Yup, I knew you wouldn't disappoint. Great flow. I even jumped when the windows rattled. Once the scream started; so did my chills.
I love the light alliteration around the middle of the paragraph. Great vignette. I'm giving you the Liebster Award! Check my blog for details.
Discussions Will Continue with Secured and Unsecured Creditors Regarding Terms of Expedited Balance Sheet Restructuring
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Breitburn Energy Partners LP (Breitburn) (NASDAQ: BBEP) today announced that it and certain of its affiliates filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (Chapter 11 Cases). Breitburn expects to continue its operations without interruption, and cash from its operations, cash on hand, and a $75 million debtor-in-possession financing facility (DIP Financing Facility) will provide Breitburn with more than adequate liquidity to fund its operations during the restructuring process. Breitburn's DIP Financing Facility lenders have offered to arrange an additional $75 million of DIP financing at Breitburn's request. The Chapter 11 Cases will facilitate the restructuring of Breitburn's balance sheet.
During the last 30 days, Breitburn has been engaged in constructive discussions with its second lien noteholders and the advisors to its unsecured noteholders regarding the need for, sponsorship of, and terms of a balance sheet restructuring. Simultaneously, Breitburn has been engaged in constructive discussions with its revolving lenders regarding their support for emergence financing, as well as the treatment of Breitburn's valuable hedging assets in conjunction with its emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases. Breitburn plans to utilize the Chapter 11 Cases to continue and complete these discussions with key stakeholders and evaluate other value-maximizing opportunities to facilitate an expedited balance sheet restructuring that will leave Breitburn as a stronger, deleveraged, and recapitalized enterprise.
Hal Washburn, Chief Executive Officer, said, "The prolonged decline in commodity prices that began in 2014 has placed significant financial stress on today's oil and gas industry. Our long-lived, low-decline portfolio of diverse assets continues performing in line with our expectations, but the current outlook for commodity prices makes our existing debt burden unsustainable. Taking this action now gives us flexibility in maximizing the value of the ongoing business. By continuing the proactive approach we started 15 months ago and restructuring our balance sheet now, we expect to create a stronger and more financially sound company for the benefit of all our stakeholders. During the restructuring process, we will continue managing our business and operating our assets as we do today. Cash from our operations, cash on hand and cash available under the DIP Financing Facility will provide us with more than sufficient funds to operate our business during the restructuring process. We look forward to working with our service providers, suppliers, customers, vendors, and partners to ensure that Breitburn emerges from the restructuring process a stronger company."
Breitburn has filed a variety of "first-day" motions with the court seeking, among other things, authority to maintain its existing cash management system, approval of the DIP Financing Facility, authority to make payments to royalty interest holders and with respect to its lease operating expenses, drilling and production costs, and other related operating costs, and other customary relief. When granted, such motions will assure Breitburn's ability to maintain business-as-usual operations throughout the restructuring process.
Additional information, including court filings, regarding Breitburn's restructuring is available at https://cases.primeclerk.com/breitburn or by contacting Breitburn's proposed notice and claims agent at 855-851-7887 (for toll-free domestic calls) and 917-258-6103 (for tolled international calls) or by email at breitburninfo@primeclerk.com.
Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP is serving as Breitburn's legal advisor, Lazard Frères & Co. LLC is serving as investment banker, and Alvarez and Marsal North America, LLC is serving as financial advisor.
Breitburn Energy Partners LP is a publicly traded independent oil and gas master limited partnership focused on the acquisition, development, and production of oil and gas properties throughout the United States. Breitburn's producing and non-producing crude oil and natural gas reserves are located in Ark-La-Tex; the Midwest; the Permian Basin; the Mid-Continent; the Rockies; the Southeast; and California. See www.breitburn.com for more information.
This press release contains forward-looking statements that relate to future results and events that are not facts and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on Breitburn's current expectations, estimates and assumptions and, as such, involve certain risks and uncertainties. The ability of Breitburn to predict results or the actual effects of its plans and strategies is subject to inherent uncertainty. Actual results and events in future periods may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements because of a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements containing the words "intends," "believes," "expects," "will," and similar expressions, are statements that could be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In addition, the forward-looking statements represent Breitburn's views as of the date as of which they were made. Breitburn anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its views to change. However, although Breitburn may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, it specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Breitburn's views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof. Additional factors that may cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements are set forth in Breitburn's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016, under the headings "Risk Factors" and "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information," as well as subsequent reports on Form 10-Q. Additional risks include, but are not limited to, those associated with Breitburn's filing for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.
While the Murder House's newest permanent resident stalks Ben and Vivien, Tate must face someone from his own dark past. Meanwhile, Chad tries to decorate the house to his satisfaction, while Constance has a heart-to-heart chat with Violet.
This book presents the refereed proceedings of the Second International Eurospace - Ada-Europe Symposium, held in Frankfurt, Germany, in October 1995. The 37 selected revised papers are organized in sections on Ada 95: the future, safety, language, applications, distribution, methods and tools, design methods, life cycle, real-time, and methods. Many significant features of the new Ada 95 version, officially issued in February 1995, are addressed. Besides Ada-specific problems, general software engineering aspects are also presented.
Nowadays spell check is an important part of our writing. How-do-you-spell.net is the place where you can find the correct spelling of filament and find out the common misspellings with percentage rankings. Here you can even get a list of synonyms for filament. Checking antonyms for filament may also be very helpful for you.
1)	Attach to the end five fine points of white wax, and paint them also cream colour; shade the filament of the pistillum red.	- "The Royal Guide to Wax Flower Modelling", Emma Peachey.
2)	Why the filament in bulb does not readily burn out.	- "The Wonder Island Boys: Exploring the Island", Roger Thompson Finlay.
3)	One by one the night-	lamps in the heavens lose their sparkle and radiance, as the filament of the dawn shrouds and stifles them.	- "Marion's Faith.", Charles King.
Holy Crime, crime of clergy, clergy crime, Ecclesiastical crime, sp ritual,purity, innocent, Iran, Iranian, Persia, Persian Culture, Art, History Land and People, Poetry, religion, Organizations and directories,Daneshjoo, Nothing but Iran
It is feasible To do that by scheduling rapid overview classes over the times and months, just before an exam. Cramming all of the issues into just one sitting will only present for getting counter effective.
I’ve been a bit busy that my skincare routine has taken a bit of a hit, in between school, my internship, trying to make time for friends, getting the house in order, and now preparing my the Mother in Laws visit I have been doing the minimum in skincare. I am changing that now since I’ve noticed my skin is needed a little work.
I’m getting older and I can just let this go to the wayside. Digging through my many sheet masks I noticed this little thing and new it was what I needed. My Beauty Diary Citrus Firming Aroma Mask promotes firming, circulation, Moisturizing as well as oil control and skin softening. Plus the aroma is supposed to help relieve stress, it is exactly what I needed.
I will say that why it did smell citrusy I did get the aroma part of the mask, maybe it worked though since I was relaxed. I just couldn’t tell what caused it. The sheet was drenched in essence and it fit over my face pretty nicely
My face did feel smooth and refreshed. I could tell that it worked to heal some of the damage ignoring my skincare had done.
This is Kimberly, She is from Southern California, but has recently moved to Idaho. She has a moody cat named Mordechai, A Rambunctious Dog named Tesla, a crazy cat named Cheeto and a new puppy named Auri. She writes about everything and anything
Our new Quality Assurance Technician Matt Thompson worked as a Quality Manager for an electronic manufacturing company, where he did everything from PCB inspections to assisting with programming the embedded firmware on various products. Prior to that, he served in the US Air Force for seven and a half years, including one tour in the Middle East. While in the military, Matt performed a number of duties in the fuels career field, including distribution and QA lab testing, as well as information technology, accounting, and Honor Guard.
Matt will be tying the knot on October 28th of this year. He has three kids ages 13, 12, 10, plus will gain a two year old when he gets married. He attends Grace Creek Church in Longview, where he play acoustic guitar on the worship team, leads small group Bible studies, and volunteers whenever the church has a need. Matt’s hobbies include reading, playing guitar, drone piloting, and building various Arduino projects.
Genesis combines power and innovation to provide the tools necessary to efficiently manage, monitor and report on ASTRO® 25 (P25), MOTOTRBO™, SMARTZONE®, Dimetra TETRA, and Public Safety LTE (PS-LTE) networks well into the future.
Have you heard about current headlines? It is better to have a look at it http://ru.cross.tv/profile/698060
<P>We watched distinct patterns which unfortunately located online marketing. Various modes offered some of the pleasant white. I mean Pokemon Get. The fact is, the software rose along with declined through 2016 even so it proven ways people are completely ready mothers and fathers habits including increased real life (AR) coupled with electronic truthfulness (VR) within the responses around the world. Could 2017 function as big year or so relating to guidelines? Nicely, read through the net sales tendencies that should possibly take over 2017.</P>
<P>Facebook incredibly started off that event by way of Bebo Dwell we really currently have Instagram jumping on the bandwagon likewise. These days social websites viewers are actually difficult further in-the-moment text! A great program found in computer combined with marketing. Owing to accelerated Online world data and therefore all of our being all of our smart phones, are living on-line video may be a holistic fit for our own pre-occupied world. With an increase of applications in addition to platforms bringing live comfortably moving functionalities, 2017 styles is the 12 month period connected with live comfortably online video. </P>
<P>We perceived all of the beginnings of modern augmented real truth from the event in PokГ©mon Head to whom i spoke of early. Not enough people may well estimated it probably would set out similar to it does, building $10 trillion each and every day on fresh new gross sales at the time of the country's top. ItвЂ™s factual that love to your software application has passed over amongst almost ARвЂ™s virtually all committed to spectators the benefits should continue to exist on in 2017. The easily seen on its very own revealed the residual technological location that will clients 're ready and pumped up about enhanced certainty (AR) things. ItвЂ™s simultaneously shown sellers that there is a considerable potential for cash flow through online marketing. Along with GoogleвЂ™s VR/AR pair of headphones and also Samsung Kit VR increasing in popularity, count on seeing further companies developing AR flash games, AR promotion in addition to attempts to make the most of the earlier AR purposes. </P>
<P>Virtual Inescapable fact (VR) tends to be seeing as popular as Increased Point (AR). Though, countless overweight people have be considered a tiny amount of hardship located in differentiating these. Planning reveal the idea for your needs for the body . because itвЂ™s crucial for you to have the capacity to distinguish between both equally. Devoted point know-how very easily lets people to emerge away from real truth towards a internet universe even while augmented real truth technique permits people to have interaction while using the body real life including include or just clear away a little something for you to or maybe coming from the bricks-and-mortar earth. Enhanced understanding regarding Pokemon Move given that most of us come in contact with actuality. Contemplate for one further just how these types of applied sciences make a difference to digital/internet advertising and marketing. This will allow estate agents to train on a 360 degree VR to signify several hours properties an example would be usually are physically furthermore there!</P>
<P>You likely understand or know at this stage which in turn weвЂ™re kind covered by promoting and marketing tools. And therefore weвЂ™re remarkably glad to say that my spouse and i donвЂ™t observe it disappearing on 2017. In fact, we see the idea ever more high quality than before. Businesses progressively more homing not to mention coordinating marketing and advertising hands free operation within their institutions. </P>
<P>вЂњGrowth hackingвЂќ became just one of the search phrase about 2016 yet, IвЂ™ve found that a considerable amount of entrepreneurs really arenвЂ™t purely without a doubt what it is or even how key it will certainly carry on being. Spread cheating is an internet marketing procedure which probably turns entirely on that growth/rise/scaling of any new business enterprise. This can be a mechanisms for rapid experience up and down marketing routes and developing the site to determine the most effective and additionally efficient ways to raise a small business. It's gigantic on digital marketing considering the fact that folks of one's goods and services rise swiftly. It will aid always make sure that a corporation enlarges efficiently not to mention touch accomplishments sooner of time.</P>
<P>Content traffic generation is definitely a everlasting <EM><STRONG>internet marketing and advertising in addition to digital marketing trend</STRONG></EM> that carries on to give good results. Rrndividuals are increasingly becoming impatient utilizing pop-up listings. Treatment ranges, as a whole, always secure intense. A large percentage of potential buyer generally roughly 37 little time literally reviewing necessary . associated with the short article. Almost everyone read all of the decor as well as just forget about the entire barricades of information. Useful content promoting are required to be more вЂњdenseвЂќ, meaty. Be sure that your visitors owning advantageous, specific specifics and lessen often the вЂњfluffвЂќ.</P>
<P>By a single day, a lot more designs seem to be participating in digital promoting and advertising foundation due to the huge Revenue. This excellent principally is correct for any article content also web 2 spaces.</P>
<P>To touch base with clients more desirable, brandnames are going to make use of intended for special areas which should entice the far more skinny choice of class. 2017 will see a more corporations selecting a bit more individual quantity email campaigns and therefore text.</P>
Norman Logistics Sp.zo.o. Rolands petersons cpmtreding has released new forecasts on Poland becoming the logistics centre of Europe. Newest OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) data are indicating the increase of living standards in Poland, positive tendencies in economy and rapid development of the labour market. Rolands petersons cpmtreding
Experts at OECD has appreciated a change in the Polish labour market - a fall of the unemployment level to the lowest ever, reaching the lowest point in the last twenty years; labour demand is growing; and everything indicates a significant growth of average wages in the near future.Rolands petersons cpmtreding Unemployment levels in Poland in 2017 were low - 4,9% and all the forecast are indicating the continuous fall reaching 4,2% in 2018 and 3,8% in 2019. GDP will go on increasing, but a little bit more slowly. Forecasts for 2018 are 4,2%, but in 2019 - 3,7%. It should be mentioned that in 2017 GDP was 4,6%[1]:.
Poland should think more about the agricultural production export area. Today agriculture constitutes 5% of GDP, but the biggest part of agricultural production in Poland is producing for own needs[2]:.Rolands petersons cpmtreding Export products for the most part are milk products, meat and potatoes. By developing its infrastructure, Poland would be able to succeed exports. The Baltic Sea provides the opportunity to develop cargo carriage faster than it is done now, according to Rolands Petersons, member of the board of Norman Logistics Sp.zo.o. who offers his thoughts on Poland economy.
To keep this positive tendency, Poland has to find opportunities to invest in proficiency enhancement, development of infrastructure and innovations. Rolands petersons cpmtreding There should be a strategy allowing continuation and even growth of infrastructural investments.
Dayton, OH – Ohio’s up-and-coming jamband powerhouse, The Werks are thrilled to announce additional artists for the 2nd annual The Werk Out Festival, held Thursday through Sunday September 8–11 at Zane Shawnee Caverns in Bellefontaine, Ohio. New artists include The New Mastersounds, Future Rock, Everyone Orchestra with Michael Kang of The String Cheese Incident, The Ragbirds & many more.
Building off the success of last year’s inaugural event, this year’s The Werk Out Festival gets even better with two nights of The Werks. Special guests include the nation’s top tribute act, Dark Star Orchestra performing with former Grateful Dead vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux recreating a historical Jerry Garcia Band show for the first time ever.
Additional performers include String Cheese Incident side projects EOTO (percussion, loop and trance duo) & the Kyle Hollingsworth Band (SCI’s keyboardist leads a funky quintet), as well as the Donna Jean Godchaux Band (Grateful Dead), Australia’s Ganja Giri, super group The Everyone Orchestra featuring Michael Kang (of String Cheese Incident), keyboardist Johnny Neel (Allman Brothers Band) and over 50 total bands.
Fusing psychedelic and shredding guitar, a screaming classic rock organ, funk slap bass, and modern dance beats and synthesizers, festival hosts The Werks have created a style all of their own: ‘Psychedelic Dance Rock.’ Their highly unique and highly danceable grooves have earned them a devoted following, as well as invitations to perform at some of the nation’s largest festivals, including the All Good Festival, Electric Forest, Summer Camp and Wakarusa.
7092 St. RT. 540 Bellefontaine, OH, All Ages 3 Day Pass $65 in advance & $75 at the gate (includes camping/parking), $20 Early Bird Thursday arrival, children under 12 admitted free. Campsite and VIP Upgrades Available, Gates open at Noon Thursday for Early Bird Camping and stay open through Sunday evening
The Werk Out Festival is produced by AlchemyHouse Presents, Funky Bean Productions and The Werks Music, LLC
Jeff Mattson and Rob Eaton of Dark Star Orchestra to Sit In with New Riders of the Purple Sage at the Grateful Get Down 7/27/2016
Yonder Mountain Sets Their Sights On the South with Dates in Texas and Louisiana This Weekend 3/29/2016
FARE THEE WELL: Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the Grateful Dead by Jay Blakesberg Released December 1, 2015 11/17/2015
Bears Picnic Finalizes Schedule and Gets Ready for Perfect Weather with Special Guest Stopping by Through the Weekend 8/5/2015
All I am aware is the fact he went to rehab and experienced fifty seven times sober, then the exhibit cuts off. Does any individual know if he relapsed or stayed sober? I might actually take pleasure in any type of update.
I viewed his episode recently and Regardless that I’m a veteran viewer of Intervention, I was especially struck by Ziggi’s story. So very sad for his family members, he gave the look of a truly exceptional soul. R.I.P.
I've had a pair alcoholics compose to me and explain to me these posts have served. Which is Unique my Pal.
...and you have a option to get on with yours. If creating a wall assists you then get it done; I'd personally hope you request some aid either as a result of AlAnon or some other assist group that's there that may help you cope. For those who at any time choose to Call me then achieve this at holland1145@yahoo.com and I'll attempt my best that will help you in the tricky instances.
I'd to fireplace him from my occupation simply because he just won’t pay attention. I hope the most effective for brad. Would like he is open to listening someday
Bill, I'm the daughter of an alcoholic mom and anything you've explained over I am able to see in my mum. I'm able to see the helplessness as well as self loathing but there is this sort of an crazy, terrible streak that comes from a place within her that I think is concern of having alcohol taken away from her. I am able to really feel no empathy in the slightest degree and I dislike myself for that.
For several This can be also the stage in which inhibitions break down and ethical decay begins. Now we're not only covering up the consuming but we even have to deal with up our actions, no matter if or not it's affairs or thieving or cheating someone in a company deal.
I sensed all through my childhood that I was distinctive from Other folks. I'm not suggesting that I was different but instead that I felt like I used to be fully detached from the rest of the human race. Social options totally confused me (and in truth continue to do) and The only mechanisms to acquire through lifestyle seemed to have passed me by at some point in my daily life.
Currently, Richard is homeless and prostituting himself to purchase his crystal meth habit. Richard's loved ones must finally exhibit him acceptance if they're to have by means of to him and save his everyday living.
Sean struggled as a toddler, escalating up inside of a tough neighborhood using an overtly gay father. Currently, he spends his times and evenings ingesting himself to death. He desperately wants an intervention just before he loses his household and his daily life.
I detest her (the drunk her only... I feel as if i have two mums) with this type of enthusiasm, with just about every Element of my being. She has prompted and carries on to trigger a great deal of destruction in mine and my family members life. How can I master to just accept that I can't transform her and to not dislike her for not planning to adjust when concurrently loving her and wanting her to get Alright? The only way I have thus far is set up a wall and block everything out.
[11] Al- is the Arabic definite short article, comparable to the in English. Alcohol was originally employed for the incredibly high-quality powder produced by the sublimation of the all-natural mineral stibnite to variety antimony trisulfide Sb
Emma, thanks for sharing your Tale and your ache. I'm actually sorry in your reduction. I used to be able to find the answer prior to severe harm was finished to my well being, and I had been ready to maintenance harm to loved ones. Today I'm able to get love, and provides it, but I am aware for the truth that it's difficult to perform when the only enjoy is alcohol.
The numbers are staggering and there are times it looks like no one is listening, but when just once we can arrive at an individual and generate a variation within their daily life then it really is all worthwhile. I enjoy you opening up see here an element of the coronary heart During this comment and I want you peace and adore today and all days.
Best of: Select Month October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (3) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (9) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (8) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (3) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (3) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) November 2014 (11) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (5) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (2) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (3)
There are days when you would swear there are more than one of this talented, vivacious, successful lady popping up on our tv screens or putting forward her always interesting perspectives in the press.
Mã: GB09 Danh mục: Giày Boot Nam, Giày Hàn Quốc, Giày Nam Tag: giày boot hàn quốc, Giày boot nam 2018, giày boot nam giá rẻ, Giày cao cổ, giày nam đẹp giá rẻ
Primarily, a golf cart is intended having a top rated speed of 20 miles for each hour or much less, when a Very low Speed Vehicle is described to be a four wheeled electric automobile whose major velocity is bigger than 20 mph, but below twenty five mph.
Not only that, we also supply mild kits (golf cart Avenue authorized kit), mild parts and top rated notch lights equipment to your golf cart in addition to Golf Cart Voltage Reducers for all golf cart brands (Yamaha, EZGO and Club Vehicle).
Modifications for the Golf for 2017 had been limited to a shuffling of the lineup. A Wolfsburg trim was new, when 2016’s SE and SEL trims disappeared from the lineup.
Please keep in mind that your golf cart was not built to share a roadway with larger sized vehicles including cars and trucks or vans.
Below at Golf Cart Garage, we have broken down the golf cart lights by class to make it surprisingly easy for you to take a look at as a result of many of the products we promote on the website – all for the golf cart driving needs. All You will need to do is click on the category you desire to to look through via our variety.
Batteries which might be thoroughly cared for are verified to past upwards of 8 decades or more. But this all arrives all the way down to the attention the batteries acquire throughout time of use, the environment where they’re stored around the cold Winter season months, and more. Substitute batteries can Price $seven-hundred or even more, according to the type of battery that your golf auto calls for. Batteries that do not receive the correct care ought to be replaced each individual two to three many years.
We've been committed to listening and understanding how we will ideal provide you. Remember to never hesitate to contact us with queries or feedback.
The cost of a golf cart can assortment between under US$1,000 to effectively over US£twenty,000 per cart, depending on many things. These elements may well consist of whether or not a fleet of carts is being bought for the golf class or a rustic Your Domain Name club, for instance, and whether the carts are new or employed. Other variables may possibly involve selections which include equipment requirements, and how A lot of people the cart is meant to move.
Steer clear of sharp turns at superior speed. Using seat belts is also inspired. Additionally, the usage of hand keep bars on possibly the side on the seat and/or side on the roof can assist avert passenger ejection.
This Web site is for informational uses only. Often talk to your condition’s present legal guidelines and check with with a lawyer for specific lawful guidance.
Outside of all of these, "slipping or leaping from the golf cart" was the most common cause of injuries for both equally Older people and kids.[12]
Fuel powered carts are noisier than their electric counterparts. These carts call for gasoline to refuel. Fuel golf carts do release emissions in the surroundings, just like any other gasoline driven vehicle – including your car.
Also, your insurance company might elect to deny paying for destruction you lead to should you modify your golf cart. Manufacturers normally design golf carts for use at speeds of a lot less than twenty (20) miles for each hour. Any additional speed can boost the hazard of rollover or automobile instability, especially for click resources the duration of a pointy turn.
Electric cart entrepreneurs get monetary savings on gasoline after some time. In golf conditions, a new list of batteries within an electric golf cart can go upwards of hop over to here fifty four holes of golf on a single cost. Electric golf carts also will not launch emissions that pollute the ecosystem.
WARRANTY: New golf carts generally have warranties to protect the buyer. The length with the warranty is typically based on the producer, and occasionally the cart supplier.
Our courses focus on a range of property industry issues and skills, with each course providing valuable insights and strategies you can employ immediately to assist you in your day-to-day professional activities.
A diverse range of topics are covered, including everything from communication right through to conflict management, stress management and customer service. All subjects are geared towards the property industry and updated regularly to ensure relevance to the current market.
Whilst many great agents have mastered the art of selling established homes, there is a distinct difference when selling projects. Selling the dream when there is nothing to see calls for a specific skill set that takes commitment and knowledge.
Our Leadership Workshop Series is made up of four interactive workshops where you will learn invaluable strategies from current leadership models, gain practical techniques to work in a managerial role and benefit from a workshop environment to share experiences and successes.
This series is purchased as a package, providing you with 4 x 4 hour workshops and 4 x 1 hour follow up webinars.
Avoid the pitfalls managers can make by learning what they are and how to bypass them. This empowering course will pinpoint practical techniques for managers to examine and adopt, improving their performance and also that of those who work in their team.
Cost: $590pp per series, inclusive of 4 x 4 hour workshops and 4 x 1 hour webinars. Subsidised by Dexar for staff and franchisees
“More than anything this session challenged me and made me think about my self, my role and my goals as a manager.”
Want to improve the communication and behaviours with those in your team? Increase everyone’s resilience, problem solving abilities and accountability?
This session will introduce you to highly useful models that allow you to examine the dynamics of your team and how to effectively influence them.
How to achieve a balance between the three critical aspects that create a powerful action centred team
Cost: $590pp per series, inclusive of 4 x 4 hour workshops and 4 x 1 hour webinars. Subsidised by Dexar for staff and franchisees.
“From here I am really looking forward to putting some key learnings into practice so that I can increase my understanding.”
“I really liked that Annie let the conversation go where it needed to - this helped to keep my interest and kept me engaged throughout the whole session”
“The information on the course was thought provoking and enlightening. It made me rethink situations and re-evaluate how to read people.”
Are you developing yourself in order to grow great people, a great team and a great business? Do you want to be known as an authentic leader that people want to follow? The skills needed to meet whatever leadership challenges lay ahead are covered in this thought provoking workshop.
“I wrote down many examples and phrases you can use in real life situations, especially the one on one questions - I found these very useful”
“I was kept engaged throughout the session. I found myself reflecting on past situations, analysing them and realising how the strategies could change outcomes.”
“I always find the strategies and ideas that Annie teaches apply to my personal life as well as my professional life.”
After 12 hours face to face training and four months of putting principles into practice, this session will bring together both on and off the job experience and learning in leadership. This workshop will draw from on the job experiences of the group attendees and introduce the model of Action Centred Leadership and an overview of current leadership models.
The Leaders Advantage Series is a follow up from the Leadership Workshop Series. This series is purchased as a package, providing you with 2 x 4 hour workshops. To attend this course you must complete the Leadership Workshop Series first.
Want your staff to be customer focused, motivated, accountable, reliable, creative, dedicated and happy? As a manager, it is important that you give your people the opportunity to 'get it right' and be successful in their roles and be better versions of themselves. And all too often this important activity is done at the last minute with little hard evidence or planning – a recipe for nothing to change. Providing systematic and regular meaningful performance feedback fosters high performance and high expectations.
This course will give you practical skills to manage and monitor staff performance situations and processes effectively which will ultimately increase retention and morale, reduce job ineffectiveness and make for a happier workplace for all.
Compelling reasons to conduct effective staff reviews to increase productivity, retention and morale
Your people act the way they do for a reason. As a leader, having the ability to direct meaningful conversations allows you to support them and assist your business at the same time. Many employees stay with a business, not because of the pay they receive; it’s because of the relationship with their leader and the culture of the business. To foster and develop that important relationship, meaningful and insightful conversations must occur.
This course will equip you to develop meaningful dialogue and relationships with people with whom you work, and even in your personal life. The course works in tandem with the performance analysis course.
Better Ads; Better Price has not been scheduled for 2017 as yet, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest in this course.
When you sit down to write marketing content, do the words flow from your pen? Or do you sometimes get stuck?
The truth is, copywriting can be hard work if you’re not sure where to start. You don’t want content that sounds drab and beige, but the other extreme (hyped up marketing enthusiasm) can feel fake. There is another way of writing.
One of the greatest skills you can acquire is the ability to create compelling property listings that increase buyer enquiry and sell or rent properties in a short amount of time.
This session will run through the important steps to writing advertisements that hook your readers in and entice the reader to do exactly what you want them to do.
Whether you are writing the content yourself or reviewing material others have written, this workshop will be applicable.
“The information that was provided to me included things that I can adapt into my day-to-day work and made me aware of what areas I need to learn more about.”
The most successful people in business, relationships and life are the ones that influence others easily. In business, being able to communicate with anyone is a critical skill, no matter what your role. The key is understanding people's behaviour and adapting to it.
This highly interactive and enlightening course will focus on how to develop rapport easily through understanding human behaviour. Learn about different communication styles and their distinctive characteristics then how to adapt to those styles to get your message heard without filters getting in the way.
Adopt tangible communication strategies that REALLY work to build relationships, business and better results for everyone!
“I just wanted to email you to say thank you! I really enjoy your sessions. I was almost brought to tears with some of the things I learnt today. I am deeply thankful and so so SO inspired! THANK YOU”
“I believe this is one of the most beneficial training sessions I have participated in. The knowledge and techniques I gained in this session positively reflects in my communication with peers and relationships outside work. I am very grateful Dexar provide such a useful session for employees.”
“The course was fantastic. It gave such a wonderful overview of different personality types and I really do feel it will change the way I do business.”
“Thank you to Annie for explaining some complex concepts on a real human level. The course really allowed me to tap into my daily communication & analyse the ways in which I engage/influence my colleagues & clients. Moving into a more customer focused role I understand my strengths & now understand my weaknesses in getting my message across. By utilising the DISC model on daily basis will (hopefully) benefit me in establishing rapport with any individual that comes my way.”
If you enjoyed our course 'How to talk to anyone', then you will love the follow up course 'Make DISC work for you'.
Providing an outstanding client and customer experience is a recipe for any businesses’ success, but sometimes it can feel like our clients want blood and it all feels too hard to deliver. However providing exceptional client service needs only to be a series of small initiatives that really resonate with them to ensure you have clients for life.
Learn simple but effective strategies that will help you, not only meet, but exceed your client’s and customer’s expectations.
Discover how your client’s want to be treated and deliver on these needs. Find out how to easily produce small moments of magic that will deliver huge points of difference for your clients and earn their loyalty.
“It was great to think about examples for improvement in our day to day jobs. I took away some great insights and will implement new ways into my practices as it's the little things that all add up to the big things in client service!”
“Words cannot describe how useful this training is. Just getting a different perspective on the way we engage with our clients such as letter writing. I look forward to implementing all the information I have learnt today from our training.”
“ I took away many key terms and phrases that will be a constant reminder in creating that WOW moment for our clients. I was also reminded of the value of identifying the customers needs and offering solutions. ”
“I think anyone in a service based industry could always use the discussed knowledge and strategies for communicating and trying to make each clients experience a unique experience. MOTS is a new acronym which I will incorporate into my skill base and try to always achieve.”
“I found this training amazing. It reminds you that we are in this industry to make sure our clients are our main priority and it is the little things that can make a big difference!”
“Another great course from Annie that makes you think about how you interact with your customer and whether you are seeing things through their eyes as a person and a client.”
Contracts are the basis of so many businesses so it’s important to understand how they operate and the pitfalls that can be avoided in the contract process.
Do contracts mystify and daunt you? Can you confidently explain what is in them to a client or customer? Do you understand the legal lingo?
Well this surprisingly fun course will demystify all of that for you. You will feel empowered and confident to work through all the legal language and structures of a contract which will improve your professional credibility.
Learn how to cut through the legal and contractual jargon and understand the structure of simple contracts. Discover how contractual conditions and terms operate and the different way of terminating a contract. Also, learn about the options available when a contract is breached.
“ Information was presented well using a variety of tools. Annie also presented the information clearly and constantly stopped to make sure that everyone in attendance was following the material. ”
“ Annie was an exceptional presenter, she engaged with everyone in the room and made it easy to understand. ”
“A great course to make you think and learn about the contracts you sign everyday or ask people to sign everyday. Understanding those contracts and the ramifications of entering into or not understanding contracts properly.”
“I strongly recommend this course as it provides great insight and further explores all aspects of the Acts”
Risk is scary! Because it is everywhere and it is a major issue to consider for any business. It’s important you know how to manage it effectively so you can sleep at night!
This great course will introduce you to some amazing stories with hair raising mistakes that have been made in business by others when they have not managed their risk well, but more importantly, you can learn how to avoid making those mistakes yourself.
You will receive simple but effective strategies to identify where risk exists in your role and the workplace and then how you can easily minimise that risk and that of your company to keep everyone out of trouble.
Strategies you can use to easily minimise your own risk and that of your company and stay out of trouble.
“The information was well presented and enabled me to further understand where and how I can gather the knowledge required to completely understand risk management.”
“This knowledge is essential for my role. I have been given the tools to further understand and manage risk within my role.”
“ The trainer gave a clear understanding and the unique way of training made me feel very enthusiastic towards the information.”
“This course opened my eye up to alot of things that i was not aware of previously. All content was relevant to real estate practise and i could easily relate it to my role. Annie was great, she came prepared as always and knows the answer to everything.”
Have you ever wondered what all the property ‘lingo’ meant on property contracts, crown leases and titles?
This engaging and enlightening course will take you through a series of property legal concepts so you will feel confident and competent to understand and explain that ‘lingo’ to your clients and customers.
You will be equipped to easily read a crown lease, title and other property documents and understand their contents. Just what any professional working in the property industry needs.
“The information provided was relevant to my role, it was helpful in terms of analyzing a contract for sale in which is cruicial in my job. It has brought me more awareness of the current legislation.”
“A course that is interesting and engaging that explores the history of property law and the relevance in today's laws.”
“As always with Annie, there’s little room for improvement with her courses as delivering a topic as “dry” as Property Law actually became fun as she actively involved us in it’s history and application of interpreting the law, with loads of engaging stories!”
The course will cover all aspects of the sales process giving new salespeople a wealth of practical knowledge to be able to work with confidence and achieve their sales targets in the real market.
It is facilitated by real estate professionals who are currently working in the industry. The course is formatted for anyone to gain real understanding through case studies and role play when applicable.
Once you have attended one of our Ultimate Salesperson courses then you will be eligible to attend free of charge our refresher workshops (Sales Bites Series), which run throughout the year and cover the most important aspects of the sales process.
“Due to the Simon's meticulous attention to detail and his clear experience in teaching/coaching, the information was particularly easy to process.”
“I loved it! It left me thirsting for more information and coaching as well as anxious to get "on the job" and gain my own experience.”
“The session content was clear and engaging, I truly enjoyed the personal touch that Paul clearly brings to Real Estate, the emphasis on vendor care and communication in particular was effective.”
The intensity of the 21st century workplace can create pressures we have not seen in the past. Whilst we all have our own coping mechanisms to handle today’s high paced work world, building resilience is a mandatory skill for all real estate professionals.
It is resilience that equips you to cope and rise to the inevitable challenges, problems and setbacks you meet in your life and to come back stronger from them. It is the same characteristics that make us resilient that also enrich our lives…so it is a great attribute to develop!
This course will focus on developing those resilience skills to assist you in your daily life’s challenges.
10 strategies to build resilience that will empower you to take on life’s challenges and overcome adversity
Be presented with an entertaining and highly informative session where you will learn how to handle complaints with a cool head and achieve a great outcome for everyone. You will come away with tangible strategies, techniques and scripts to deal with a complaint, and even to avoid them occurring.
“I feel that I am better equipped to handle conflict in my role, especially lines/comments to implement in phone conversations.”
“It was a lot to take in in one go, but so much of it turned my opinions and immediate reactions to people and situations on its head. Placing more onus on the other party and where they are coming from helps me to understand where they are at and how I should respond.”
Just think about the number of emails you write in a week. You want yours to stand out and get actioned don’t you? You want it to leave a great impression?
Each one of your emails makes an impact, so it’s critical that impact is a good one. This course will not focus on the mechanics of written communication, 4 hours couldn’t do that, but what you will learn is a load of tips to get your email read and actioned quickly.
The secret is in understanding the purpose of emails and how to write concise and professional messages. Much of this is founded in the format and layout of the email itself. Learn about common but easily remedied mistakes that many people make in email construction and then how to avoid them.
Upon completion of this course you can return to your desk and put these tips into practice easily and they are guaranteed to have an immediate effect!
“I was expecting tips on writing emails, however the extensive conversation on language and psychology of communication was excellent!”
“I expected to learn how to improve communication and responsiveness to emails and received a lot of great advice”
“I feel that the knowledge and strategies provided in this session will be very useful when writing emails.”
“I found areas where I am lacking and now know the remedy. I will be implementing these strategies to my day to day work.”
“I will now be able to use these strategies in emails so that they are more effective in giving the owners information”
“The strategies taught in the class were very useful and I will definitely transfer them into my every day life. I was never taught how to structure a sentence appropriately in my schooling life so I know this will be the most valuable to me.”
“What was covered during the session will be beneficial to me on a day-to-day basis when communicating with vendors, buyers and suppliers”
“The entire presentation was well presented and explained throughout which made all information easy to absorb.”
“Emails are such a heavy part of our industry and knowing how to construct an email to enforce professionalism and clarity is a necessary tool for all workplaces.”
“Definitely very useful information and will be used every day. Learning the different types of strategies will help me to implement these in my emails.”
Improve the client experience with great relationships. The value of any business is nested in the relationships it has developed. It is the quality of those relationships that that create your next opportunity without competition or allow you to overcome obstacles that would otherwise be impassable. In this competitive world delivering an exceptional client experience is the best method to build a business. So a great deal of work needs to be done on ensuring the relationships add and not detract from the client experiences.
Unresolved conflict has many repercussions for the workplace and the people who work in it, with significant costs involved. Most people have limited abilities to deal with conflict effectively and invariably avoid or exacerbate the situation.
This course is designed to make a tangible difference in conflict resolution by providing practical and easily applied techniques to develop and maintain positive relationships with internal and external customers.
3. Effective communication techniques – proven, practical strategies that reduce conflict immediately
“Trainer gets everyone involved, if you like psychology, you will love this session, must go and you would be interested to see what simple skills could be used that can help dealing with customers much easier.”
“I really enjoyed the information provided in the session, the tips and advice can be used in day to day life, not just in the workplace which I found really useful.”
“I did not expect that I would gain so much from this session, and did not expect to gain strategies that will not just help me with my professional interactions with people, but with all my interactions in everyday life.”
“I felt enlightened after the session and I feel that it was very relevant for me in a professional sense and personal sense at this stage in my life. I thought the session was fantastic.”
“It was extremely beneficial as we are dealing with some level of conflict daily. It also showed relevance to personal life not just dealing with conflict on a professional level.”
Do you want to get more stuff done in a day? Do you keep saying ‘I wish I had more time?’ Do you tell yourself ‘I need to manage my time better?’ Is your productivity worrying you? If it is, I bet stress is weighing on you as well.
In this course learn how to be more efficient, effective and productive, so you can enjoy your day and your job more. You will be given simple strategies that will enable you to get your tasks done on time and avoid the pitfalls that lead to missing deadlines. This course can truly make a difference to your day!
“It was the best training I have ever been to. The information helps not only in professional, but personal development as well.”
“I was in need of some structure around my day to help me be more efficient and effective with my time. This certainly provided direction for this”
“The strategies extend across both our professional and personal lives and intersect often, we have to employ similar approaches to our lives and our jobs. It actually changed my thought process on a personal dilemma I have had for some time now.”
“I feel that all the content of this training course will allow me to create a more effective working space and mind frame - I have already implemented suggestions by Annie and am working towards a better balance for myself.”
“I think the suggestions and strategies provided were all quite simple and easy to put into place. I liked that Annie was very realistic about changing habits and encouraged us to use the strategies that would work best for us.”
“I have now returned to the office and implemented some of the strategies discussed such as the vertical in tray and planning an ideal week.”
“The presentation offered many great strategies and the paperwork provided allowed you to put a plan in place as the session progressed.”
“I have already been able to implement some of what we covered and it has had an immediately apparent effect”
“ The tools discussed in today's session are things we can easily implement into our everyday organisation. I've already begun adding these to my calendar. ”
“ The level of usefulness and knowledge in this coarse was amazing and can be used in so many areas not just my work at Independent. ”
“I really feel I benefitted from this course as it was delivered in a way that was extremely easy to understand.”
Empower: Assert: Succeed has not been scheduled for 2017 as yet, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest in this course.
Assertiveness is an important skill and more than just a set of techniques. It is an attitude of mind underpinning a belief system of how we want to be treated and how you want to treat others. Understand what it means to be assertive and gain the skills and techniques you need to to grow your self-confidence and self-esteem, be more effective in interpersonal relationships and regain control of your life. Learn how to approach difficult topics, including how to say 'no' and still maintain great relationships. Learn how to be strong in situations that may have previously challenged you.
8. Teach you to become a more effective and confident communicator, especially with difficult people
“I feel like I came out of this session with a greater understanding of what it means to be assertive and the difference between assertion and aggression.”
“I found this session helpful in learning not just how to say no, but why it's important to do so assertively.”
“I got quite a bit out of the training - the scripts were one thing that I really liked. The tools to say things in the right way without being passive or aggressive but more to the point was fantastic”
“I guess going into this training session I thought that it would be more about how to be assertive - but it really has helped me think about how you can be assertive in an effective way and that assertiveness really is about confidence. The session has also helped me think more about strategies I can use when unsure what to say in a situation and how to be assertive without offending someone.”
Stress plays a significant factor in workplace productivity, employee attrition as well as customer and employee satisfaction.
It is often viewed as an omnipotent master causing loss of health, staff, productivity and personal esteem. This enlightening course will provide techniques to assist in controlling stress in the workplace as well as the personal environment.
“<p>I think everything that was covered throughout this session was simple and effective. It is able to be used in everyday life. In this session I learnt some valuable tools in helping to reduce stress.</p> <p>I found the knowledge I gained from attending the course to be quite extensive. Everybody is dealing with some kind of stress in one way or another, but often people (and myself) find it overwhelming and can't quite figure out how to deal with it appropriately. Before the course, it never once occurred to me that stress was actually a very necessary factor in each individuals life and is the motivational driving force we can use to achieve our goals.</p> <p>The strategies provided were very useful and I will definitely use them.</p>”
Dynamics of a great team has not been scheduled for 2017 as yet, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest in this course.
Building good working relationships and developing effective teams increases everyone’s satisfaction levels in the workplace. When great teamwork is produced, the sky is the limit for individual and organisational achievement.
Learn how to produce and increase the power of teams and their synergy. This highly interactive session, with challenging but fun, hands-on exercises, will cover:
“I found the session really valuable and it gave a lot of insight into the reasons why some teams work and some teams really don't.”
“I felt great at the end of this session and this has opened up a whole new meaning of teamwork to me.”
Performance Management Leadership is yet to be scheduled for 2017, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest in this course.
Performance appraisals present great opportunities for both supervisor and team member if conducted correctly. Feedback through appraisal is a great way to improve performance, analyse sources of underperformance and maintain a power team.
This enlightening course is designed to allow the supervisor to confidently undertake staff appraisals and performance reviews and achieve maximum benefits from the exercise.
Want to sharpen your negotiation skills to maximize your close rate? We will cover the tactics that work best in the industry and show you when and how to use them.
Learn why Australians invest in our safest asset class and how they leverage depreciation and other deductions to increase their net worth. Gain an understanding of where the average person will be financially at retirement age and the importance of considering other investment opportunities whilst working.
“The content was very relevant to our jobs and will also benefit those wanting to invest in properties themselves.”
“sometimes content as touched on today can be really complicated, however I had no trouble keeping up and he related all topics back to us personally or professionally”
“This information is really needed in PM especially when meeting new owners. It is just a point of difference that our company has over other companies.”
“I can now speak to owners in regards to yield and if they have questions in regards to their investment I will have more of an idea”
Master Project Sales is yet to be scheduled for 2017, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest.
Selling projects is uniquely different to selling the family home. With thousands of apartments being built every year this market is an important segment for the switched on sales person. Project sales allow you to access vast amounts of stock at great commissions. When you learn the techniques and key points of difference in this field a whole new line of business opens its doors.
Property Styles has yet to be scheduled for 2017, please click 'Register Now' to express your interest.
The course will introduce you to the styles of architecture in the ACT. A great course for anyone who buys, sells, lives in or is interested in ACT property!
Mark Edlund will cover all aspects of Negative Gearing and how to leverage this knowledge when dealing with prospective investors. The session will involve a step by step, clearly defined process that over many years has helped hundreds of Property Investors fully understand the pros and cons of gearing and provide real life examples of how a comprehension of the basics can help transition someone who is only considering property investing into becoming an actual buyer.
The lowest interest rate environment in Australian history and how to leverage the benefits when selling to investors
Whether you've just begun your real estate journey or you need a refresher on the key points that create success, our sales bites are a great place to start.
Take advantage of proven methods to increase your business and take the slow periods out of your year.
Whether you've just begun your real estate journey or you need a refresher on the key points that create success, our sales bites are a great place to start. Take advantage of proven methods to increase your business and take the slow periods out of your year.
Client relationship management allows us to keep consistently performing over a long period of time. It's the system that makes our business easier over your career.
Building to the close - Helping the client make small decisions throughout your presentation can assist you when it's time to ask for the decision.
The Territory Plan (TP) or National Capital Plan (NCP) determines the development potential allowed on every individual block in Canberra. These plans set the rules and criteria for development which are applied through a hierarchy of codes.
This course will give you an introduction into how to determine whether a site is controlled by the Territory Plan or National Capital Plan.
Since its debut in 2003, LinkedIn has evolved into a complete career management resource. Our mindset on how to use LinkedIn though has not evolved as quickly as the product. If you haven't changed your approach to LinkedIn, you're missing out on some of the biggest benefits.
Some key elements that most executives are not using correctly along with suggestions for maximizing them.
Writing ads is an art, one that can be learned, developed and perfected in a relatively short period of time. A well written ad can bring in business and subsequent sales. In this course you'll be given some proven tactics and tips you can use to write ads that will bring you higher click-through rates, higher Quality scores and higher conversion rates.
Specific tactics and tips to get creative and stand out from the other advertisers you’re sharing real estate space with.
To be an effective and productive salesperson every minute must count. This course will introduce you to the 'ideal week' model which will allow you to be in control and maximise your results through efficient and effective planning of your time with the essential sales activities that produce results. We will assist you in better defining your role and its focus so you can prepare and plan for productive activities in a busy salesperson's working week.
This course is for any agent selling investment properties who wants a more comprehensive understanding of how the tax treatment assists the investor to hold the property. We will also cover the impact of recent changes to depreciation for those investors considering buying an established property.
What is the impact of the recent removal of "plant + equipment" depreciation for established properties cash flow.
How can the effect of these changes be counteracted when selling an established property to an investor.
On this website you can play a free online tribute inspired by the classic Tetris®. The provided game is not the original Tetris®.
Tetris logos, Tetris theme song and Tetriminos are trademarks of Tetris Holding. The Tetris trade dress is owned by Tetris Holding. Licensed to The Tetris Company. Game Design by Alexey Pajitnov. Original Logo Design by Roger Dean. All Rights Reserved. Sublicensed to Tetris Online, Inc.
You can recycle gently used books, audio books, CDs, and DVDs by donating them to the Iron River Public Library. Depending on their age, condition, and the current demand for them, donations will either be added to our collection or included in Friends of the Library book-sales, which help generate funds for the library. All donations to the Iron River Public Library are tax deductible, so please ask for a receipt upon bringing them to the service counter. You may also make donations anonymously by placing them in the outdoor book-drop with a brief note indicating that they are a donation. Please do NOT donate items with missing covers or water, dirt, or mold damage. Additionally, we no longer accept VHS cassette, or record donations.
If you wish to make a monetary donation to the library please pick up a Friends of the Library Brochure for details. Thank you to everyone who has donated material and made financial contributions to our library!
As a small library with considerable budget constraints, we greatly appreciate the help of our current volunteers, and look forward to working with others willing to donate their time and talents. Volunteering not only benefits the library and community, but the volunteer as well. It gives you the chance to meet interesting people, learn and use skills, and experience the satisfaction that comes from being of service. We have a variety of volunteer opportunities available, depending on your interests. If you are interested in volunteering please call the Library Director at 715.372.5451.
Thank you to everyone who has and continues to donate their time, energy, and talents to helping our library better serve the community!
The Friends of the Evelyn Goldberg Briggs Memorial Library invite you to join us. We are a non-profit organization committed to the advancement of library service in the Iron River area. Friends of the Library provide financial and volunteer support of the library working as volunteer staff, sponsoring programs and events for all ages, and raising funds for library materials not provided in the regular library budget. Meetings are held at the Iron River Library on the 3rd Monday of the month from April to October at 10:30 a.m. We encourage you to join us. This is your opportunity to express your ideas and make suggestions for library use and services . . . and to make some great new Friends!
I'm been looking at CalStrengths instructional videos on the snatch, clean and jerk, also been watching john norths videos, but I've heard those aren't the best ones to follow.
Please don´t watch those videos. Especially not the Jon North ones. Even Pendlay says that North doesn´t even snatch the way he explains it.
If you can´t find a coach, just watch as many russians, iranians, etc. and try to emulate. The hookgrip-guy has great photo-series which showcase good technique for both lifts.
There's one club near me, but atm I can't afford it. And when I can afford it, I would much rather know how to preform it myself, so I could rely on myself for knowledge and not trust some strangers judgement, if you get what i'm saying? I learned how to squat, deadlift and bench, with little help from others, from a lot of instructional youtube videos and forums.
Clubs are usually cheaper than gyms. Just go there, there will be others who can lift and help you out. They´ll show you proper technique and to be honest, people on youtube are even "stranger" than anyone you actually meet and who sees you lift live.
The one near me is very expensive... He wants 30$ per session, and 100+$ for the beginning 2 sessions, and the 30$ sessions will only be available 3 times a week.
You gotta be kidding me. People actually PAY that much?! Has he actually produced any athlete worth knowing?
I managed to teach myself how to snatch and clean and jerk reasonably well, but it took a while. You can sometimes get a good form critique from the Pendlay forum. I found Don McCauley's Rock and Roll, Dirty Dancing, and Sweep instructional videos to be really helpful.
Apparently he's been fairly successful at the sport, but i'm not sure if he's trained anyone to a high level.
I hear this book is well put together, and I like the author a lot (his logic is usually quite sound).
As for instructional vids, you could do worse than CalStrength (I think they're pretty good) but stay the fuck away from Jon North videos.
I got the chance to check out A Taste of Edmonds today and it was well worth it! I got to see the wonderful items for sale and ran into Danielle Garfoot and her 10 month old twins, Morgan & Riley who loved Kranial Komfort's hats and headbands. We then checked out the food booths and tried as many yummy treats as we could fit in...it's tough, there's some great options! I even won a t-shirt for answering the question of "How old is Edmonds?" Do you know the answer? Check it out, this is a fun event and it's sure to be another success for the Chamber!
After two weeks of hosting the ‘”Pet-o-ween” photo contest, KOMO Communities has named Allison Helfen of Renton (Mac and Maggie) and Judy Kelley of Spanaway (Charlie) the winners.
Second place goes to Gabriel Bumgarner and Ken Schlegel of Queen Anne with their picture of Ashan as a peacock, followed by a close third from Joan Messenger of Mercer Island (Moose and Bandit).
Other top vote getters include the communities of Bothell, Ravenna, Lacey, Bellevue, Snohomish, Milton and Greenwood.
Thanks for all the great photos of your pets dressed up in their favorite costumes. If you missed any of the pictures you can check out both Pet-o-ween photo galleries here:
I'm Maryanne and I live with my husband and our 2 children in Fingal, in the VIC south area. My hobbies are Musical instruments, Table football and Jogging.
英文摘要: A distributed real-time temporal logic XYZ/R is proposed. As an extension of XYZ/E, XYZ/R incorporates a quantitative notion of time within temporal logic and gives rise to a mixed formalism, characterized both as a specification logic and a real-time programming language. Real-time concurrency is modeled by an extension of the maximal parallelism model of Salwicki and Muldner, that no process waits unnecessarily, and the modeling of nested parallelism and transmission time for communication is included. We have given a proof system, which is sound with respect to its semantics. Compositionality in this formalism makes it possible to specify and verify distributed real-time system hierarchically. An example demonstrates that our approach can support the whole process of real-time system development, from requirement specification to implementation programming.
Developed by Princeton University’s Terrestrial Hydrology Group in collaboration with UNESCO IHP, G-WADI secretariats and members, regional centers, the African Flood and Drought Monitor (AFDM) monitors and forecasts meteorological, agricultural and hydrological drought at various temporal and spatial scales. It also has a multi-decadal, historical reconstruction of the terrestrial water cycle against which current conditions can be compared.
Some of the applications of the AFDM were foreseen by its developers, but researchers and international development specialists are finding ways to use the monitor in many creative ways. In the last two years alone, AFDM data and information have been used for:
Drought Resilience: Controlling for drought variables with the AFDM helped USAID establish that a) the overall shock exposure in Niger vs. Burkina Faso during their RISE study was due to insect invasions and food price increases, not climate; and b) their market-based interventions in the PRIME program in Ethiopia were effective.
Impact of Irrigation Dams: Use of AFDM drought indices helped show that in northern Nigeria households downstream of the dams were less affected by drought and enjoyed more stable growth rates and food consumption than those upstream or in similar but undammed basins.
Human migration: Rainfall shortages and excess temperature, with soil moisture as an additional important factor, are strong drivers of out-migration from South Africa, especially for black and low-income migrants.
Health and Epidemiology: a) Temperature drives both tsetse fly relative abundance and trypanosome prevalence in Tanzania; b) Risk of cholera transmission in Cameroon varies with average daily maximum temperature and with the precipitation levels over the preceding two weeks.
We attempt to introduced in this posting previously this may be one of fabulous hint for any 3 Bedroom Houses For Rent options. Dont you come here to know some other unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We essentially hope you can easily bow to it as one of your mention and many thanks for your era for surfing our webpage. occupy allocation this image for your beloved friends, families, bureau via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any supplementary bookmarking sites.
Interior, Rooms And Furniture was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Rooms And Furniture has viewed by 86700 visitor.
Interior, Kitchen Xpress Overseas Ltd was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Kitchen Xpress Overseas Ltd has viewed by 12361 visitor.
Interior, B M Dining Room Table was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over B M Dining Room Table has viewed by 43080 visitor.
Interior, Kitchen Design Ideas Pictures was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Kitchen Design Ideas Pictures has viewed by 49183 visitor.
Interior, G Style Bathroom Accessories was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over G Style Bathroom Accessories has viewed by 27371 visitor.
Interior, Dining Room Table 40 X 120 was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Dining Room Table 40 X 120 has viewed by 923 visitor.
Interior, Furniture Leather Sofa was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Furniture Leather Sofa has viewed by 73727 visitor.
Interior, Furniture Tukwila Wa was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Furniture Tukwila Wa has viewed by 45763 visitor.
Interior, Dining Table And 6 Chairs was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Dining Table And 6 Chairs has viewed by 64752 visitor.
Interior, Furniture Zone Whakatane was posted June on this site by Gwtips.com. More over Furniture Zone Whakatane has viewed by 72368 visitor.
How can accountants and auditors support On this anticorruption drive? First off, accountants are the primary set of gatekeepers in order that transactions are legitimate, at arm’s-length, captured, and thoroughly recorded In line with set up standards. Next, “as specialists with a responsibility to guard the general public fascination, They're sure by demanding codes of Skilled and private ethics calling for the highest amounts of integrity and objectivity”.
To enhance your memory, make sure to keep qualified on Whatever you occur to generally be finding out. Interruptions such as Tv set or loud tunes could enable it to be complicated to try to remember The subject at hand.
They chewed source over the sorry fiscal history of your euro’s two most significant customers, France and Germany. Equally governments ran deficits of a lot more than 3% of GDP final year and will accomplish that all over again this 12 months. Equally count on to breach the limit for the 3rd time in 2004. Before this 12 months, the eu Commission, which policies the pact, agreed to present both equally international locations an extra yr, till 2005, to bring their deficits again into line. But In addition, it instructed them to revisit their spending budget plans for 2004 and make excess cuts. France was questioned to chop its underlying, cyclically adjusted deficit by an entire one% of GDP, Germany by 0.8%. The two resisted.Nov twenty seventh, 2003
Why is it easier for a bicycle to stay upright when it is moving faster? And hard to stand up straight when it is moving slowly? What forces are acting on it that depend on its speed?
A bicycle is an example of an object that is unstable at rest but stable in motion. That it is unstable at rest means that it has an unstable equilibrium: when it is exactly upright, it is at equilibrium (zero net force and therefore inertial). As soon as it tips even a tiny bit, however, forces and torques arise that push it away from that equilibrium. Since it spontaneously accelerates away from equilibrium, given a chance, that equilibrium is termed “unstable.” In contrast, a tricycle has a stable equilibrium — when tipped, forces and torques arise that push it back toward equilibrium and it spontaneously accelerates toward equilibrium.
Even though an equilibrium is unstable, it is possible to keep the object at equilibrium is some other mechanism acts to return it to that equilibrium. In the case of a broom balanced on your hand, the mechanism is you — you can keep the broom in its vertical unstable equilibrium if you move your hand around properly. The bicycle does that return-to-equilibrium trick for you automatically whenever the bicycle is moving forward . The bicycle steers itself automatically back to the the unstable equilibiurm. Taster it is moving forward, the more effective its automatic steering mechanism becomes.
Archives Select Month March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (18) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (1) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (4) May 2010 (1) October 2009 (1) April 2009 (3) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (12) December 2008 (2) November 2008 (1) March 2008 (1) February 2007 (2) November 2006 (1) October 2006 (2) September 2006 (1) August 2006 (2) July 2006 (1) June 2006 (10) May 2006 (9) December 2005 (2) June 2005 (1) March 2005 (1) June 2004 (1) March 2004 (1) December 2003 (2) July 2003 (1) June 2003 (1) April 2003 (1) February 2003 (1) August 2002 (1) October 2001 (7) August 2001 (2) June 2001 (11) March 2001 (2) September 2000 (1) August 2000 (1) July 2000 (2) May 2000 (1) April 2000 (1) March 2000 (1) February 2000 (12) January 2000 (3) December 1999 (3) November 1999 (3) October 1999 (3) September 1999 (7) July 1999 (6) May 1999 (2) March 1999 (5) February 1999 (4) January 1999 (14) October 1998 (3) September 1998 (1) August 1998 (1) July 1998 (7) June 1998 (10) March 1998 (6) February 1998 (39) January 1998 (25) November 1997 (10) October 1997 (44) September 1997 (8) August 1997 (36) July 1997 (11) June 1997 (40) May 1997 (25) April 1997 (40) March 1997 (163) February 1997 (108) January 1997 (149) December 1996 (75) November 1996 (54) October 1996 (56) September 1996 (25) January 1970 (5) December 1969 (478)
Forgiveness and hurt. It’s not that I want to keep and hold on to the hurt, it’s that I want you to hurt as much as I hurt, because then you will know how much I hurt and you will care and you will not do it again. That’s what we all think anyway. It rarely works.
So people continue to hurt people. I hurt you, you hurt me. Instead, there is a better way. Forgiveness sets us free. You don’t even know I’m angry at you if you are not around me. So stress, many sicknesses caused by stress and anger, these can all be gone from us if we forgive others. If we truly let go of the pain, the hurt, the wanting to get back at them.
Hurt is unforgiveness. Release the hurt, release the unforgiveness. This means to let go of the pain, let go of the fear, let go of the anger. Let it go and get on with your life.
Companies and organizations featured in the New Orleans Transcription Services section usually offer audio to text, video transcription and legal transcription alongside the full suite of Transcription Services to local and, in some cases, national clients.
Also commonly referred to as transcribing, digital transcription or transcription software, New Orleans based Transcription Services provide B2B clients with a wide range of specialist services and products which often include audio transcription, medical transcription & dictation software.
Click on a link to contact one of the companies and organizations listed above, or click here to search for Transcription Services in another part of Louisiana.
Whatever other options Tolkien had in mind when writing, in the final version of LOTR it is very clear Aragorn has no romantic interest in Eowyn. Every second we resisted him we put ourselves at greater and greater risk, having no idea where we were headed and what we would pay for our sin. Big tit polish porn. Eddie Murphy plays nerdier and sillier than his usual characters and, in profound contrast to his efforts in Norbit, it pays off in spades.
Mr Davis tells me that for almost the first time since school opened you will be off bounds tomorrow. Ariel lesbian hentai. Members of the Church Congregation will use your camera to take a quick photo of you with President and Mrs. I cheered her up, laughed and talked with her, gave her such articles of diet as she craved, and left her happy.
Within he was by turns a disembodied spirit, almost unconscious of his person and moving in a mist of impressions and emotions, and a fiercely competitive individual trying desperately to control the rush of events that were the steps in his own evolution from child to man. Read our About Us page for details in how we fund our website and earn affiliate commissions for our recommendations.
Conger, the wife of our American minister, who did more than any other person ever did, or ever can do, towards the opening up of the Chinese court to the people of the West, was because of her appreciation of the fact that Mrs. Whatever happened between Ice and me in my soul, it changed everything to the ground. The resulting infection is a spreading, pyogenic lesion, not confined to tissue planes, which may erupt through overlying skin, forming draining sinuses.
Carrie finishes her poem, but is crying at her realization that Big is not shit, and their relationship is not shit. Hustler milf mania. Tester Families - I am lucky enough to work at a large company so I am surrounded by family people and ample opportunities to test my story and then perfect it. No need to gossip around and see who validates your thoughts on how he does not deserve a bitch.
Sung to the tune of: "London Bridge" It's time to start a brand new year, Brand new year, brand new year, It's time to start a brand new year, Welcome new friends. Bosses are like doctors - employees and patients alike are waiting to be invited to ask questions, and often don't volunteer any more information that has been solicited. He is a vegan and the last time I ate my Extra Long Chili Cheese with him sitting at the table he explained to me that the beef between the buns doesn't have any protein because of GMOs.
Amoruso actually sounds interested in the success of persons other than herself. Her last words that he would never get close to Sogdiana, pounded in his head and did not let him relax. DonOnly the island's one Japanese-American couple, Irene and Yoshio Harada, realize the significance of the downed soldier.
And in a recent, exhaustively reported New York Times story pooling light onto the White House after dark, he evokes a figure immediately recognizable from the mists of cultural tradition: a petulant, lonely, tyrannical king.
In the rare cases where HPV is passed, the baby could develop warts in the throat or voice box. Sexy blonde naked pussy. Chase Gift Card Balance You can check balance on the chase gift card online via their website or you can call the toll free number to speak to customer service.
They still have functioning lungs, since they must take breaths to speak, but they have no fear of drowning and can't be detected by heartbeat. He frames the telling of his beloved myths inside a story of a young man telling tales to children at Tanglewood in western Massachusetts. When her successful crime series is optioned by a major studio, she travels to Las Vegas to find that the prince of her fantasies and single night of pleasure is the main contender for the male lead.
Coast Guard urged all waterfront facilities to remove unsecured debris, hazardous material and pollutants from dockside areas. Nyaknuv, Evina rushed forward and, quickly breaking the distance between her and the enemy, several times waved a blade, cutting the armor of the enemy into pieces. Eminent speakers shared their opinions on collaboration to create, importance of inculcating Sanskrit in our school curriculum and also on Technoart: Integrate to empower.
You can get better racers or derbies out of a handful of other games, but its stunts are unique and enjoyable. Another ex-employee, a former security manager who asked not to be named out of fear of retribution, says the issues extend far beyond Jiboku. Vlad did not in any way show his presence in Margarita's apartment in one way or another.
Suppose, for a private discussion of the state of health of Lord Alvia and talk about approving his successor just in case. Everything which you do in SSB is interlinked with defence, since they were looking for a smart officer who will lead their men and country with pride and honour. Ariel lesbian hentai. Reese witherspoon naked scenes. I went to HBO but could not find any info on the ring just yet BUT I will keep my eye out to see if I can find anything on it!. In this easy-reading contemporary romance, Jack Franklin has a secret, and for years has been able to avoid the tourists who trek through his picturesque hamlet that overlooks an alluring body of water nestled in the Rocky Mountains.
Children were allowed to come and go as they pleased, in spite of my saying they couldn't. Learning that Egor now has her kinds on her, Margarita was, to put it mildly, surprised.
Dare Not Say SMH Oh right, Shaking My Head - Took me a while to find the meaning on Google. I have seen people so dogged that they book a room in the city two days earlier in order to get acclimatized to the environment and report at the right time. All questions regarding your gift card balance should be directed at the merchant that issued the gift card You can check the balance on your Kimpton Hotels Gift Card via the options provided below. This blog is written by IFF staff and ranges from reactions to news, personal opinions and resources or guides for couples, families or program providers.
Douglas Brown was pushing the stamp-book system, he was not suggesting this as a way of overcoming the problems associated with coverage of agricultural and domestic workers, but rather, as the system of tax collection for the covered categories.
Stephen does not teach any writing classes and doesn't have any immediate plans to do so. A feisty, independent, house-proud Renee - who has no children - treats Sadiq like a much loved, surrogate son.
This event, so simple and natural, was having a disrupting influence on the intimate friendship between them that had endured for several years.
In each of the three paragraphs, your first sentence, called the topic sentence, will be the point you're explaining from your thesis.
I've moved this content onto my main blog at link2light.com. To see this article please visit http://link2light.com/blog/seo-building-backlinks-doesnt-work/">
Kingdom Builders is proud to recommend Koleas Home Inspections for all of your home inspection needs.
We use cookies on our site. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you accept our cookies. You can change your cookies settings at any time.
It almost sounds like a quiz you’d find in a magazine: can you spot the differences between a building authority and a property commission?
As we’ve mentioned before, state agency names can get really confusing really fast. Where does the authority of one agency end and the next begin? Let’s take a moment and define the main differences between the Georgia Building Authority and the Georgia State Properties Commission:
GBA is responsible for almost everything that goes on around Capitol Hill in Atlanta. Parking services for state employees? Managed by GBA. Public events held on Capitol grounds? Brought to you by GBA. How about the cafeteria and catering services for everyone who works for the state up on the hill? You guessed it: GBA. Even if you would like to purchase a flag that’s flown over Capitol Hill, you’ll be contacting the Georgia Building Authority and paying a fee of $25. If you’re curious about the other various services you can utilize through GBA, check out their FAQ list.
The purpose of SPC is to give information and services to county and local governments, state agencies and the general public. What does that mean exactly? SPC works with GBA to lease property and building spaces to government entities on Capitol Hill. In addition to this (and not in association with GBA), SPC leases and sells property to private citizens and organizations, and also purchases land from citizens as the needs of Georgia arise. If you want to dig a little deeper on the ins and outs of property and leasing details with SPC, feel free to check out their property FAQ list and leasing FAQ list.
Who do you contact if you’re with a state agency who is having problems leasing from a private entity? SPC.
There you have it! We’ve covered the basics of the Georgia Building Authority and the State Properties Commission. If you would like more information on these two agencies, visit the GBA website or the SPC website.
A Georgia native, Rachael Wheeler works as a Blogger for GeorgiaGov. She writes about a variety of current topics relevant to the Georgia government.
The 2020 Census is quickly approaching and Georgia is ready to lead the way! The Governor’s Office of Planning and Budget has launched Georgia’s first Census website to help you understand the Census, its benefits, and how you can get involved.
COMPASS has been replaced by Georgia Gateway. This new integrated benefits system brings together Childcare and Parents Services (CAPS); PeachCare for Kids®; Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP/Food Stamps); Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF); Women, Infants, and Children (WIC); and Medicaid programs.
When someone faces a brain or spinal injury, they often need more support than the initial hospital costs. The Georgia Brain and Spinal Injury Trust Fund sets out to meet these continued needs.
OSGeo was created to support the collaborative development of open source geospatial software and promote its widespread use
USGIF promotes geospatial intelligence tradecraft and a stronger community of interest between government, industry, academia, professional organizations and individuals focused on the development and application of geospatial intelligence to address national security objectives.
Deep learning algorithms have been developed by academia and as a result the code for the most part is open source but the successful training of deep networks requires thousands of labeled training samples and at the present time this training data is typically not open. In their presentation at this year's FOSS4GNA (Free and Open Source Software for Geospatial North America) get together in St Louis Jason Brown and Courtney Whalen, data scientists at astraea, showed how deep learning using publicly available labeled data for training was applied to track deforestation and reforestation in Mato Grosso, a state in the central amazon region of Brazil.
Chris Holmes of Planet Labs, in his insightful talk at FOSS4GNA in St Louis about the application of deep learning to geospatial data, identified a challenge in making this technology open. The deep learning algorithms have been developed by academia and as a result the code for the most part is open source. For example, a deep neural network model developed originally for medical image segmentation called U-Net is open source and has been applied to identifying building footprints. Successful training of deep networks requires thousands of labeled training samples. Labeled data involves people on the ground manually ground-truthing land use types and other features so that the deep learning algorithms can learn what to recognize. At the present time this training data is typically not open source. In this presentation by Jason Brown and Courtney Whalen, both data scientists at astraea, deep learning using publicly available labeled data for training was used to track deforestation and reforestation in Mato Grosso, a state in the central amazon region of Brazil.
This is computationally intensive and a distributed engine was used. The computation engine used open source components. Spark is a top level Apache project which enables distributed processing for global scale computation. RasterFrames is a free and open source toolkit allowing scientists, data scientists, and software developers to process and analyze geo
patial-temporal raster data with the same flexibility and ease as any other data type in Spark DataFrames. This is a LocationTech raster project and is built on GeoTrellis. Using this software each year required 6 to 7 hours of computation using 48 cores.
The imagery that was used was captured by the MODIS satellite for the years 2001 through 2017. MODIS monitors the reflection back from ground cover for several bands including red, green, blue, short wave infrared and near infrared. Its cameras have a spatial resolution of 500 by 500 meters and a revisit rate of one to two days. From the bands that it captures the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) can be calculated. From the data monthly means and yearly aggregates can be calculated.
The training data used came from the System for Terrrestrial Ecosystem Parameterization (STEP) which has 2000 manually labeled sites covering 17 different land cover types including five forest types scattered across all continents. The model was trained on MODIS 2012 data. 80% of the data was used for training. After training was completed the remaining 20% was used to test the model.
After training and testing the first application was to Mato Grosso in central Brazil, a large state that has seen a lot of deforestation. The rate of deforestation tracked the rate estimated independently by the Global Forest Watch for the years 2001 to 2017. The major feature, the slowing down of the rate of deforestation in 2011 probably as a result of increased enforcement by the state government, is very clearly discernible.
The successful application of the deep learning technology in Mato Grosso has encouraged astraea to aim at applying this approach globally. They also intend to use satellite data with higher resolution and to handle seasonal differences better.
The System for Terrestrial Ecosystem Parameterization (STEP) is a model for deriving vegetation and land surface parameters from remote sensing data for use in remote sensing-based classification of land cover, ecosystems, and vegetation types. The model defines parameters that relate to important ecological and biogeophysical parameters and that can be reliably measured or inferred from remote sensing, collateral, and field plot data. STEP is maintained as a database of training polygons drawn on high spatial resolution imagery that can be extracted with GIS to produce a global land cover classification. STEP is periodically reviewed to filter out inconsistent sites and augmented to fill gaps in biogeographical coverage. The database was originally created to follow the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) land cover legend but it has since evolved to support any number of additional classifications.
One of the things that is required to make the vast quantity of satellite imagery easily searchable is a common way to query satellite data. The SpatioTemporal Asset Catalog, known as STAC, is an open specification that came about when fourteen different organizations came together to increase the interoperability of searching for satellite imagery. At this year's FOSS4GNA (Free and Open Source Software for Geospatial North America) get together in St Louis, Matt Hanson, of developmentSEED, gave a technical overview of the STAC standard and described one of the first implementations. The context for Matt's STAC presentation was provided by Chris Holmes' keynote in the morning.
Chris Holmes and others have been working on a standard for searching satellite imagery. Currently when a user wants to search for all the imagery in their area and time of interest they can’t make just one search — they have to use different tools and connect to API’s that are similar but all slightly different. The STAC specification aims to make that much easier, by providing common metadata and API mechanics to search and access geospatial data. This and other standards are essential for opening up satellite data to processing and visualization. This is one of a new breed of standards that are designed to be developer-friendly to encourage the open source community and others to get involved with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) to further interoperability.
The STAC standard is minimalist, but balances that with extensibility. Basically it is comprised of metadata, catalog, and API. The core of STAC metadata is very simple, with only three mandatory fields; ID, geometry (for example, a bounding box in a defined projection), and date and time. The standard supports extensions, of which the earth observation standard "eo" has been defined at this time. Future extensions could include point cloud, mosaic and video extensions. The eo extension includes parameters such as camera viewing angle, resolution (dist between pixels), percent cloud cover, and band descriptions such as RGB, SWIR, band frequency and band accuracy.
The STAC standard and cloud optimized GeoTiff (COG) files makes it possible to search and stream imagery. COGs are GeoTiff files optimized for the cloud, for example, by streaming them from Amazon Web Services S3. Planet, Google Earth, and QGIS already support COGs and there are other open source tools such as COG-Explorer that support them as well.
Sat-api is developmentSEED's partial implementation of STAC. It currently supports Landsat-8 and Sentinel-2 imagery. The API allows these imagery libraries to be queried by any of the metadata fields such as date and time, location (by defining a polygon), bands, viewing angle, and so on. It returns GeoJSON. Matt provided some example queries.
The next developments that developmentSEED is planning for the STAC standard is to add more data CBERS and MODIS and to develop some applications based on the API.
Since Google Earth's release in June 2005, the rise of crowdsourced OpenStreetMap, the deluge of remote-sensed imagery from private satellite companies Digital Globe, Planet Labs, UrtheCast, and others, and private geospatial data companies like HERE, national mapping agencies and related government organizations involved with geospatial data and technology have found that the traditional role of the government mapping agency is no longer viable. It has been suggested that national mapping agencies are an anachronism that are no longer required since the private sector is flooding the world with huge volumes of timely, frequent, high resolution geospatial data. As a result all national mapping agencies have had to reasess their role in the geospatial ecosystem. At the GeoBuiz conference in Hyderabad, a panel discussion moderated by Karthik Ramamurthy, Regional Director, IPSOS Consulting included Dorine Burmanje, Chair of the Executive Board of the Dutch Kadaster, Dr. Virginia Burkett, Chief Scientist at the US Geological Survey, Nigel Clifford, CEO of the UK Ordnance Survey, and Major General Girish Kumar, Surveyor General of the Survey of India provides a fascinating perspective on how different national mapping agencies are coping with the post Google Map world.
One of the roles for national mapping agencies which Dorine Burmanje mentioned about which there appears to be a consensus is as custodians of authoritative data. This includes property boundaries (referred to as parcel files in North America), data used to monitor pollution and climate change, and other data that is closely tied to monitoring and measuring national objectives and priorities. Governments have also an important role in making data, whether collected by themselves or more typically by the private sector, available to the public for free. This is important because it contributed to the public good. She identified a further key role that a government mapping agency can fill - as a custodian of data about the underground including underground infrastructure. The Netherlands is just embarking on implementing legislation passed by the States General in 2015 and the Dutch experience could be come a model to help the rest of the world address the pressing problem of cost-effectively geolocating underground infrastructure.
President Trump's fiscal year 2018 budget requested a 15 percent funding cut for the U.S. Geological Survey and proposes deep cuts for all mission areas. This is not the first time the USGS has faced large cuts in its funding.
At GeoBuiz Virginia Burkett gave two very intriguing examples of how the USGS is finding new and interesting roles for itself. The USGS continues to develop with NASA the Landsat series of satellites. Landsat 7 and 8 are currently operational, and two more, Landsat 9 and 10, are in development to replace them. The USGS is finding new ways to reuse the existing Landsat data that currently stretches back to 1972. Using data cube technology the USGS is able to track individual (cloud free) pixels over time, currently back to Landsat 4, but ultimately to Landsat 1. She gave an example of a pixel in a forested area of the US which recorded the evolution of the forest since 1982 including a fire and the slow recovery after the fire.
She also described how the USGS is supporting citizen science using crowd harvesting - mining social media of evidence of earth tremours and quakes to be able to provide earlier warning - within 29 seconds - than is possible using only seismological analysis.
The Ordnance Survey (OS) is the world's oldest national mapping agency - having begun in Napoleonic times as a military mapping agency. Since then the OS has weathered several disruptions including the industrial revolution, the digital revolution, and the current disruption of the tradtional national mapping agncy business model. Currently the OS is effectively a private, for profit company, albeit with a single shareholder, the UK Government. As CEO not only is Nigel Clifford responsible for national mapping objectives, but he has to generate a financial return to Parliament. One role he sees for national mapping agencies is becoming custodians for national registers - of addresses, property boundaries and other core national data. Nations also require new data sets including detailed street furniture and vegetation. IGN, the French national mapping agency, is currently piloting a data model for doing this called PCRS 2.0. Nigel also sees national mapping agencies as undertaking projects that are considered too risky by the private sector but for which the social payoff may be large. He emphasized that national mapping agencies have to follow a fine line since they should not be perceived as competing with the private sector. He also mentioned a role for national mapping agencies in providing data for startup incubation, for example, the Geovation hubs in the UK.
The immediate challenge the OS is facing is that Parliament has recently created a Geospatial Commission tasked with determining the role of geospatial data in developing the national economy. 55% of OS revenue derives from selling their premier data set, the OS Mastermap, to government and private companies. The Geospatial Commission is proposing making Mastermap data available at no cost to small business as an economic development stimulus for the SMB sector. Since this initiative would directly impact OS revenues, either large customers would have to pay proportionately more to make up for the short fall or the OS has to find alternative revenue sources.
The Survey of India has been around for 150 years. Incredibly until 2005 the national datum remained the Everest datum - named for the Surveyor General responsible for the first survey of India. General Girish Kumar was unambiguous in recognizing that the availability of huge volumes of private data has changed the national mapping agency business model. These are clearly challenging times for the Survey of India. His view is similar to the Ordnance Survey - national mapping agencies cannot and should not compete with the private sector. He still sees a role for national mapping agencies collecting data in rural areas that are financially unattractive for the private sector. He also sees that national mapping agencies have a role in setting standards for data quality to ensure that the private sector is collecting data reliably and to prevent "fake data". National mapping agencies can also provide training to support capacity building so citizens are able to understand how different types of geospatial data should be used. General Kumar singled out a new role that he suggested only a national mapping agency can take on - mapping underground infrastructure. He revealed that the Survey of India has already mapped the underground infrastructure of Delhi.
These are clearly challenging times for national mapping agencies, but new roles are emerging for these agencies. There is a consensus that an increasingly large proportion of geospatial data is sourced from the private sector and from crowdsourced data such as OpenStreetMap. There is also an consensus that government agencies have a a role as the custodian of authoritative data including registers of national base data and data for monitoring and measuring national objectives and priorities such as air and water quality and climate change. While government agencies are, with some exceptions, no longer in the business of collecting data themselves, they need to quality control data that gets the government imprimatur. Speakers also said that government mapping agencies have a role in ensuring that nationally significant geospatial data which may come from from many sources including private commercial sources is made open and available to the public for the benefit of society at large.
Two speakers identified as a new role for which national mapping agencies are well suited - mapping and being the custodian for underground infrastructure. Increasing urbanization throughout the world challenges the sustainable development and resilience of cities. The importance of the ground beneath cities is often overlooked. In many parts of the world the location of underground infrastructure including electric power, water and wastewater, gas, district heating, and other networks is unknown or poorly known. Information about the underground is captured during excavation and drilling, but this data is typically stored in project or private databases and is not shared. Government may be uniquely qualified for mapping and maintaining information about national infrastructure, much of which has a national security dimension. For example, in the U.S. access to infrastructure data including location is restricted under Protected Critical Infrastructure Information (PCII) Program. There are successful examples around the world where municipal and regional governments have helped enable a shared underground utility network database.
Capturing this data in a shared, open database is a first step toward developing a model of the subsurface that can be reliably used for urban planning, design, construction and maintenance. The Netherlands has recently embarked on a national program supported by legislation and standards to do just that. In 2015 a new law was passed by the States General or parliament in the Netherlands creating a Basisregistratie Ondergrond (BRO) or Key Registry for the Subsurface. This law mandates that if you excavate or drill you have to share your data with the registry. In addition if when using the data in the registry you find something is incorrect you have to report it. The registry is required to be open and accessible to all citizens of the Netherlands. This new registry will require new standards for recording data and there is a major effort underway in the Netherlands to develop these standards. The implementation of the new subsurface registry will begin this year. Furthermore at the Geobuiz conference I was encouraged to hear from the Surveyor General of India, Major General Girish Kumar, that the Survey of India has mapped the underground infrastructure of Delhi. After the panel discussion General Kumar said that information about the Delhi underground mapping project will be forthcoming.
One of the most exciting presentations at the SA Geotech conference in Johannesburg was a presentation by Jason Richards of Maptek. He talked about using geospatial technology to map in space and time the instability and ultimate collapse of a wall of the Kanmantoo Copper Mine in South Australia. This is an open pit copper mine that was in operation 1970-1976 then closed but has reopened after significant additional deposits of copper and gold were confirmed. The copper and gold deposits are mined using well established open-pit excavation techniques including drilling, exploring, blasting, loading and hauling. Two operational pits were dug at the mine site to a depth of 270m for extracting the reserves. The larger pit (Giant Pit) spans up to 1.2km long and 600m wide. Hydraulic excavators and highway trucks are used to transport the ore to the processing plant. The roads used by the trucks wind along the walls of the mine. The surrounding rock is brittle and liable to fracture. Collapse of a wall has occurred in the past and is a serious hazard for the trucks carrying the ore out of the mine for processing.
Unexpected geological conditions occur in the east wall of the Kanmantoo Giant Pit resulting in threatening wall movements. A Maptek Sentry system was put in place to map wall movements to monitor the stability of the wall. The Sentry system combines laser scanning and photography and can monitor multiple areas within a scene in real time without the need for targets or reference points. Movement can be detected down to 1 millimeter per hour. Heatmaps colored by displacement or velocity provide an overview of movement in real time. Animations of time changes can be used to show morphology of terrain changes over time. Time lapse capability allows users to see changes and use this information to predict future movement.
In the Giant Pit a Sentry system was set up to monitor a 550 meter wide section of the brittle east wall of the Giant Pit at Kanmantoo. The wall was scanned initially every 23 minutes, but after significant continuing movement was detected scans of a more focussed area were made every 7 minutes. Movements were detected that were directly related to blasting with sharp jumps in displacement that usually stopped moving after an hour or so. But after one blasting sequence a 364 tonne block initially jumped 30mm with the blast. Two hours later it accelerated again, ultimately failing 4 hours after the initial blast. The Maptek system was able to capture the movement, raise an alarm and visualize the movement with heat maps and video. Jason showed a time lapse video of the movement and ultimate collapse of the wall which is one of most impressive videos of the progress of a geological event I have seen.
This is another example of how geospatial technology, in this case laser scanners combined with photography with real-time geoprocessing, is able to provide solutions in a wide range of industries.
A highlight of the SA Geotech conference in Johannesburg was a presentation by Ryno Goosen of Suritec Geospatial. Ryno, who was awarded the Best Paper prize at SA Geotec, gave a fascinating presentation about how he developed an open source GIS solution to fight copper cable theft.
In Canada copper cable theft costs the Canadian electricity sector an estimated $40 million annually. In South Africa in 2014 there were 72,533 reported incidents of copper cable theft resulting in 10,736 arrests. Copper theft incidents in the U.S. have tripled in the last 5 years.
Goosen Goosen's solution architecture was based on open source geospatial software. He chose open source for several reasons. First and foremost, it enabled massive scalability by providing an elastic IT infrastructure. Secondly it provided open interoperability with other open source software as well as proprietary systems. He also emphasized the importance of using software that was "battle-tested" in both military and commercial environments.
His solution architecture was built on Cesium, GeoServer, Boundless Desktop/QGIS, Protobuf, Cassandra, WildFly, Solr and GeoTrellis. Using this solution he was able to combine data from different sources including ground patrol and remote sensors. By analyzing this data geographically and temporally he was able to determine spatial and temporal patterns of copper cable theft. This enabled optimum deployment of resources. The results were impressive. Over a 30-month period cable theft was reduced by 69%.
The success of Goosen's shows that open source GIS software has become a viable alternative for building complex and highly scalable solution-oriented architectures. He also suggested that it levels the playing field for small to medium size enterprises by providing them with similar intelligence capabilities to their larger counterparts.
Keep a close watch on the Hawaiian power utilities (HECO) because Hawaii has committed to 100% renewables by 2045 and 65% by 2030. That was the recommendation of Sharon Allan, CEO of the Smart Grid Interoperability Panel (SGIP) at a DistribuTECH2016 MegaSession on distributed energy resources (DER) in response to a question from the audience asking what should utilities do to get ready for GRID 3.0.
Hawaii already has 487 MW of solar PV capacity, 90% of which is residential rooftop panels. At DistribuTECH2016, Talin Sakugawa from HECO and Matthew Shawver from in2lytics gave an insightful presentation on distributed energy generation (DER), big data and analytics at the Hawaiian power utility. Hawaii has seen an exponential rise in rooftop solar PV. As a result since 2010 the utility has been experiencing a reduction in net load and revenue. The most dramatic drop in load is during daytime hours as is readily apparent by comparing the utility's load on clear and cloudy days which reflects the impact of residential solar PV.
The Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) has published an analysis of the economics of leaving the grid. The central thesis is that solar PV and electricity storage enables consumers to leave the grid completely. Solar PV has already reached grid parity in about 10% of the U.S. and declining PV prices suggest that this trend will continue. However, without the ability to store electric power, consumers with rooftop PV still require the grid for nights and cloudy days. The development of combined solar PV and batteries from Tesla and others promises to make solar + storage accessible for increasing numbers of consumers. These consumers could form their own microgrid, either by themselves or with their neighbours and disconnect from the grid. Alternatively they could become a source of dispatchable power and become an energy provider. Increasingly they could find that either of these options is economically advantageous. This has serious implications for local utilities because if this trend develops it will seriously erode the traditional utility revenue base. It could also lead to a completely decentralized grid comprised of many microgrids. From an operations perspective it increases the complexity of managing the grid compared to the centralized model in use today.
The other challenge for a utility with a high penetration of intermittent, distributed generation (DER) is load balancing, ensuring that generation meets demand. The German power industry, the U.S. Department of Energy, Hawaiian power utilities, California power utilities, ERCOT, and many others are working to address this challenge. HECO's presentation at DistribuTECH gave an insightful overview of what they are doing to meet this technical challenge.
HECO collects a large amount of data from diverse sources. It is comprised of internal operational data plus data from esternal sources. It includes weather forecasts, data from customer sited PV, consumer/public resource data, phasor (PMU) data, renewables power quality, feeder data, irradiance meters, generator and substations power quality, SCADA, and vendor data such as forecasts and data from Independent Power Producers (IPPs). The data has widely different time resolutions ranging from real time such as PMUs sampling 30 times per second, SCADA reporting every 2 seconds, calculated gross load every 2 seconds, PV inverter data reporting every 5 minutes and aggregated monthly, weather forecast reporting every 15 minutes and aggregated daily, transformers collecting data every 15 mins and aggregated monthly, and smart meters reporting every 15 minutes and aggregated quarterly. Much of the data includes location. The data comes in different formats and has different levels of quality.
Fundamental to distributed energy are weather maps. Maps of irradiance and wind velocity can be directly used to estimate or predict solar and wind generation in different parts of the islands. Temperature maps are also important because the efficiency of solar panels depends on temperature. The more accurate the weather forecasts are, the more predictable the generation. Knowing that there it will be cloudy over the south of Oahu, but sunny over the rest of the island, or cloudy over the whole island, but with moderate to strong winds allows operations to estimate how much backup generation is required and where.
Data from new sources relating to distributed renewable generation are integrated with traditional sources in a distributed energy management system which enables operations and planning visibility into how distributed generation is impacting thte grid. It not only provides a view into the status of the grid (situational awareness) but also allows simulations to assess the impact of different future renewable generation scenarios on the grid. This helps to determine where backup generation may be required because high demand and low generation from renewables or curtailment when there is excess generation and insufficient load. Location is fundamental to the analytics, because wind and irradiance varies widely over the islands.
Traditional input sources include SCADA and data from transmission, generators, protection, and so on. The new input data sources include GIS-based infrastructure models and data from the distributed generation sources. Also new is weather forecasting which enables predicting generation from renewable sources. It also includes historical and actual weather reports, and satellite and other weather data.
HECO uses an IT platform from In2lytics (a spinoff from Referentia) which integrates all of these time series data with EMS, SCADA, CIS, and GIS and makes it available to operational users, planners, modelers and the public. in2lytics is a high performance time series database that is specially designed to provide instant data accessibility for planning and operational decision making. in2lytics enables load, query, analysis using MATLAB, and sharing of the "big data" required to monitor and manage today’s complex electric grid. in2lytics has native high performance interfaces for MATLAB in addition to programming languages. It translates data from different sources into its internal time series database. All data is archived in a spatially enabled time series database for future analysis. Matthew said that in2lytics is able to analyze large volumes of historical time series data very rapidly. For example, a longitudinal analysis on two years worth of archived data can be run in an hour or two.
Accounting for renewables requires a lot of data. Some areas that use this data include generation planning, load forecasting, distribution planning, and contract administration. One of the first applications is a customer facing web site called Renewable Watch - Oahu that reports the total renewables generation, solar and wind, on Oahu in real-time.
An example of an application that will be used for contract administration beginning next month estimates how much power is lost from Independent Power Producers (IPPs) in the case of curtailment. It uses weather information to estimate wind speed and irradiance meters to estimate wind and solar generation potential.
Another analytical application was used to study how solar PV variability affects transformer tap changes. This application allows HECO to relate frequency of tap changes to solar PV variability and to determine which transformers are most affected by solar variability.
Department of Energy's Integrating System to Edge-of-Network Architecture and Management" (SEAMS) A federally-funded research initiative on high penetration grids which aims to streamline grid planning and operations for utilities in regions with high concentrations of distributed generation (DG) resources.
Department of Energy's Distributed Resource Energy Analysis and Management System (DREAMS) Department of Energy system to provide useful information about the distributed grid to grid operators.
Making sense of synchrophasor data for utilities. The Synchrophasor Visual Integration and Event Evaluation for Utilities (SynchroVIEEU) with High Penetrations of Renewables. Accelerate the integration of synchrophasor information into production grade data visualization and analysis platforms/models. Leverage PMU capability at many substations – explore ways to tap resources and provide real-time visibility and real-time data. Make synchrophasor data accessible for efficient and reliable operations of a modern grid in light of high penetrations of renewable resources
Monitoring, planning, and modeling high PV penetration microgrid. Decision support for microgrid design and operation at Marine Corps Base Hawaii. The Office of Naval Research (ONR) has launched an ambitious program to demonstrate and evaluate energy technologies using Navy and Marine Corps facilities as test beds, known as the Energy Systems Technology and Evaluation Program (ESTEP). Program management is being handled by the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command (SPAWAR) Systems Center Pacific (SSC Pacific). ESTEP was established in 2013. It brings together the Department of the Navy, academia, and private industry to investigate and test emerging energy technologies at Navy and Marine Corps installations. At present, ESTEP conducts over 20 in-house government energy projects, ranging from energy management to alternative energy and storage technologies.
Remote light sensor technology at the Kahuku wind farm on Oahu to measure and forecast windspeed and direction to support reliability;
EV Race to the Sun, a joint Japan-U.S. showcase event for electric vehicles,to take place on Haleakala;
The ultimate objective for HECO is to become a company offering diversified services providing value to engaged customers, of course with satisfied regulators and sustainable costs and margins.
It was clear from this presentation that essential for HECO, or to any utility, with a high penetration of solar or wind are weather maps, forecasted, actual and historical because these enable the utility to project generation. The also allow utilities to analyze the historical record in conjunction with other data to discover trends that may help improve forecasting. Collecting and analyzing temporal geospatial data is fundamental for distributed energy management. This is in addition to the expanded application of geospatial technology for utility operations and planning in the smart grid era.
At the last GoGeomatics Social in Ottawa Jonathan Murphy gave an insightful presentation on Geospatial Tech in use for Oil & Gas production in Alberta. Jonathan related his experiences in Northern Alberta preparing terrain for seismic surveys. The is almost entirely muskeg and surveying is only feasible in winter when temporary frozen roads are used to move and setup survey equipment. The seismic survey preparation process in this terrain involves several steps (and some new vocabulary); tramping, mulching, slashing, hand cutting, surveying, laying out, and picking up.
Geospatial technology is used in all aspects of field operations. Everyone carries a Garmin GPS in their coat. Equipment are equipped with mobile phones which also can report geolocation. Geospatial is used to track the location of field personnel and heavy equipment. The surveyors use their own highly accurate survey equipment to survey the location of all bore holes for both source (explosives) and receiver grid (seismic recorders). Mapping is highly dynamic with new ice roads and new source and receiver bore holes being created every day. Tools such as OziExplorer, ArcGIS 10.1, and Microsoft SQL Server are used for elementary mapping applications. Jonathan reported that the applications hardly scratched the surface of geospatial technology. For example, a lot of manual work in updating and maintaining the maps could be eliminated by using basic GIS technology such as buffers.
One of the challenges that Jonathan identified is that the geospatial applications are used by skilled staff who are experienced in seismic surveying, winter drilling programs, wildfire management, and road and facility construction, but have minimal education in geospatial technology. Basically the staff have learned enough GIS "on the fly" to do their jobs. But from Jonathan's talk it was readily apparent that GIS could be leveraged to do much more.
This is a global problem. Engineers and skilled workers in many sectors have received minimal or no education or training in geospatial technology. I remember a India Geospatial Forum in Hyderabad in 2014, where I moderated a session on electric power. It turned out to be an absolutely fascinating conversation with a wide range of speakers representing different aspects of the Indian power industry. One of them was Arup Ghosh, Chief Technology Officer at Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd (TPDDL) who presented an insightful view into implementing GIS from the perspective of a private utility. (Only 5% of India's power industry is private, but the private sector seems to be leading a transformation of the Indian power industry in a number of areas.) One of the major implementation challenges that TPDDL experienced was finding and recruiting skilled GIS professionals. The GIS group at TPDDL has about 60 field personnel and 18 analysts and support staff. None of these has an educational background in GIS. Twelve are electrical engineers and the rest are people with electric power experience. All have learned GIS "on the fly". According to Mr Ghosh the major problem is that Indian engineering facilities do not include GIS in their curriculum. I don't think this problem is restricted to Indian engineering and technical schools.
In the U.S. in response to the demand for computer savvy technicians, a growing number of higher education institutions, especially community colleges are customizing programs to train electrical power workers to handle both conventional electric power and renewable and smart grid networks. For example, Richmond Community College (RCC) in Hamlet, N.C. is teaming up with area utilities to develop a two-year associate's degree in utility substation and relay technology. The college plans to provide training for students in operating and maintaining the current and next generation fleet of substations. Apparently the idea for the education initiative began when Progress Energy approached the school with concerns that in the normal process new inexperienced hires required up to five years of training to become relay technicians, which Progess Energy saw as too protracted a process to keep up with the rate at which experienced workers are retiring.
As another example, York Technical College in Rock Hill, South Carolina has partnered with Duke Energy and other area power companies to develop a nine-week certificate program for specialized electrical line workers.
Posted at 02:30 PM in Education, Electric Power, Engineering, Geomatics, Shrinking workforce, Spatial Data, Temporal geospatial | Permalink | Comments (0)
Early this week Will Marshall, Co-Founder and CEO of Planet Labs and previously a scientist at NASA/USRA, traveled to the United Nations Headquarters in New York to represent Planet Labs at the UN Sustainable Development Summit where 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) were adopted. In his speech Marshall announced that Planet Labs was making $60 million worth of its satellite imagery for select regions openly available and accessible to the global community. The imagery will be made available through a Planet Labs initiative called "Open Regions," under a creative commons license (CC BY-SA), and will be directly accessible online. According to Planet Labs’ analysis, the imagery is relevant to 15 of the UN's 17 SDGs. Some examples mentioned in Will Marshall's UN speech are:
Monitoring deforestation - Planet Labs’ imagery makes it possible to monitor forests every day, to track illegal logging and enable proactive intervention.
Combating climate change - Planet Lab's imagery can monitor climate change with up-to-date data on the state of the world’s ice caps and carbon stocks.
Ending hunger and establishing food security - Planet Lab's imagery can measure the health of crops in farmers' fields around the world, and provide vital information to them to increase crop yield.
Planet Labs is unique in the satellite imagery world because it relies on many small, inexpensive satellites rather than a small number of large, expensive satellites. The constellation of Planet Labs CubeSats (Doves) returns imagery of Earth with a resolution between 3 and 5 meters. The revisit rate, or frequency with which Dove CubeSats pass over a given area, is unprecedented among existing satellite systems in orbit. Planet Labs' goal is to capture an image of the entire Earth every day.
Dr Anne Kemp, Director and Fellow, Atkins, Vice-Chair of BuildingSmart, UK, Chair of ICE BIM Action Group, and Chair of BIM4Infrastructure UK, has published very thought-provoking insights into how the convergence of BIM and geospatial can contribute to the better management of information to help generate the understanding to make better decisions.
Her first assertion “So, let’s put paid to the hang-ups of what is and is not GIS and BIM, and discover what really deserves our focus” is a very good place for all of us to start if we are going to tear down the discipline boundaries that are inhibiting us from moving to a more holistic approach to problem solving in the era of smart cities.
Her goal is not to support BIM or geospatial per se, but to use these technologies to improve outcomes. From Anne's perspective the key outcomes we should be aiming at are
LATERAL THINKING - Enabling reflective, adaptive thinking to incorporate whole life and integrated systems approach within the wider geographic context
The construction industry is based on documents such as drawings. Documents lock data up within a discipline and prevents the wider access that can be used to build up an integrated view of an asset. In contrast digital data can be used, many times, for different purposes, by different disciplines. This requires interoperability and the ability to map semantics across different disciplines.
The full lifecycle view of a building, road or airport requires thinking of assets not projects. Anne's perspective is that this is where the convergence of BIM with geospatial provides the biggest benefits. The UK government would agree. The short term objective of the UK Government BIM mandate is to reduce the cost of construction (design, tender, build) by 20%. The longer term objective is by 2025 to reduce the costs associated with designing, building, operating and maintaining buildings and infrastructure by a third. ‘In-use’ data from facilities management (FM) systems, building management systems, and sensors including smart phones provides information on how an asset is actually serving the needs of people, and the patterns of behaviour of people using the infrastructure. This information can be used to optimize building or infrastructure design. A geospatial perspective enables this data to be used not only with individual buildings or infrastructure, but for a whole neighbourhood, town or city.
Ensuring that data is not manipulated to distort decision making is critical to enabling the true data-driven organization of the future. Anne's perspective is that the industry is becoming increasingly dependent on data management professionals. This will require standards and a code of ethics to address challenges of privacy, distortion, and manipulation so as to ensure that data is made available in a way that aids rather than confuses decision making. In the future chief data officers and other information professionals will have even much greater responsibilities - they will be responsible for specifying, collecting, and analyzing the information for decision making that will be critical to the organization's success, even its existence.
Malcolm Gladwell in "Blink" points out that “We live in a world saturated with information. We have virtually unlimited amounts of data at our fingertips at all times, and we’re well versed in the arguments about the dangers of not knowing enough and not doing our homework. But what I have sensed is an enormous frustration with the unexpected costs of knowing too much, of being inundated with information. We have come to confuse information with understanding.”
At a recent BIM conference the term “infobesity” came up more than once. A decade ago people were concerned about not having enough data to make informed decisions. Now that we have more data being collected by sensors such as smart meters and smart phones, the problem is how do we make sense from the huge volumes of data that all these smart devices are collecting.
Anne makes the point that when managed correctly, “instant” decisions based on a small amount of data are not just as good, but can be better than those made after analyzing all available data. The "less is more" challenge is to distill the data to just the right subset to enable you can make better decisions faster with less data. Anne believes that this will require more sophisticated visualization techniques to enable insights from patterns in large amounts of data and better collaboration technology to enable a large number of individuals from different disciplines to understand each other (even when using different terms for the same piece of equipment or construction material) and to collaborate fruitfully.
This means that we will be asking our human or computer information engineers to deliver that essential subset of information to the right people at the right time, and in an intuitively understandable way. Anne suggests that our cartographic and GIS heritage of creating, analyzing and visualizing a view of the physical world as maps may provide a model for future data managers. But, as Anne points out, this will have to be transformed for a virtual environment.
Anne's final point is often overlooked. BIM, geospatial, augmented reality and other technologies are transforming how we view "reality". There are very real consequences for people working in a virtual world. Anne mentions the first case of internet addition disorder (IAD) involving Google Glasses on October 14, 2014 and asks how many of us are already there with our smartphones and tablets ?
I was lucky enough to attend the High Performance Geoprocessing Symposium in Ottawa. It is amazing how far some very exciting geospatial projects focused on "big spatial data" under the LocationTech umbrella have come in the last few years. If you are not familiar with LocationTech, it is a working group hosted by the Eclipse Foundation with the objective of developing advanced open source geospatial technologies. Eclipse is a vendor neutral not-for-profit community collaborating on commercially-friendly open source software.
The talks today described projects that have been developed under the impetus of "big spatial data" and user demand for faster, more responsive geoprocessing.
Robert Cheetham of Azavea described how his project GeoTrellis is achieving "advanced spatial analysis on the web." The challenges that this project strives to overcome are
performance and scalability - performing overlays involving large rasters for multi-criteria suitability, optimal siting analysis or simulation involves serious processing and to be able to do this in real-time with the type of response that a web user expects requires new algorithms
large datasets - such as social media streams like Twitter, the huge volumes of data required to model a smart city, or just the volume of data require to monitor and run a modern city on a daily basis
user interface - an ArcGIS syle menu bar with thousands of options is fine for trained GIS professionals, but an urban planner or other non-GIS professional needs something better
GeoTrellis has been designed to address these challenges. It is open source released under an Apache licence, which means that all you need to do is indicate attribution, otherwise you can do anything you like with it. It provides high performance raster input/output, geoprocessing, and web services using distributed processing to achieve quite amazing throught put for large raster datasets. Robert described overlay operations with 6000 x 5000 pixel rasters, hundreds of megabytes in file size, that GeoTrellis performs in 200 milliseconds, effectively real-time from the point of view of a web user.
GeoTrellis relies on other open source libraries to achieve these phenomenal processing speeds. It uses the Hadoop (a noSQL distributed database) file system (HDFS), but replaces Hadoop's MapReduce (MapReduce is software for processing vast amounts of data in-parallel on large clusters of commodity hardware) with Apache Spark for distributed processing. Robert said that one way to look at GeoTrellis is as the geospatial enabled version of Spark.
Robert described a number of applications that involve overlaying very large raster databases for analysis or simulation where different scenarios can be run in real-time so that the user can quickly assess alternatives. For example, OpenTreeMap is a crowdsourced urban forest database where using GeoTrellis users can quickly assess the costs and benefits and optimize the planting of urban trees with different objectives, shading, air quality, reducing runoff, and so on. This would not be possible with traditional GIS and geospatial databases.
Ahmed Eldawy from the University of Minnesota describes a LocationTech project he has been working on for several years that was originally called Spatial Hadoop, but has been renamed to GeoJinni. Perhaps the best known NoSQL distributed database, Hadoop knows nothing about spatial data. It doesn't support spatial datatypes, spatial indexes or spatial analytics.
GeoJinni is a comprehensive extension to Hadoop that allows efficient processing of spatial data. It injects spatial awareness in the different layers and components of Hadoop to make it more efficient to store and process big spatial data. It is a spatially-enabled Hadoop that supports spatial datatypes, spatial indexes, spatial analysis, and spatial predicates (such as "intersect"). GeoJinni can be installed as an extension to an existing Hadoop cluster which means that it can be run without the need to give up existing Hadoop installations. It is portable to run with a number of Hadoop distributions including Apache Hadoop, Cloudera, and Hortonworks.
Some of the applications where GeoJinni is currently used are modeling world traffic and querying and visualizing spatio-temporal satellite data.
Currently it uses MapReduce to distribute processing across multiple machines, but in the future the plan is to extend support to Spark.
Chris Eichelberger from the GeoMesa project described an approach to big spatial data that focusses on vector data and compliance with existing widely used geospatial APIs.
The problem as outlined by Chris is if you want to find all the points that are within a certain distance from a fixed point your strategy depends on the total number of points you are dealing with.
hundreds of points - can be handled reasonably well (but not optimally) by a full table scan with an SQL database such as Oracle or PostgreSQL.
hundreds of thousands of points - you need PostGIS or Oracle Spatial to handle this efficiently. The widely used GeoTools API is an open source Java library that provides tools for geospatial data management and analytics. GeoTools supports plugins for various databases including MySQL, Oracle, SpatiaLite and SQL Server, but the most widely used database with GeoTools is PostGIS.
hundreds of millions (typical of Twitter streams, for example) - this volume of data is in the realm of big spatial data and requires a new and different approach
I have already mentioned Hadoop. To deal with data volumes that are too large for traditional SQL databases, beginning in 2004 Google developed "BigTable" which is a compressed, high performance, and proprietary data storage system built on the Google File System that is used by a number of Google applications including Google Maps. Apache Accumulo is a distributed "key/value store" that is based on Google's BigTable design and is built on top of Apache Hadoop and other Apache projects. "Key/value store" simply means that every record has a unique identifier, often a hash. For putting geospatial data into a key/value store the key concept is that of the "geohash" converting a 2D, 3D or 4D coordinate such as a lon and lat, lon, lat and elevation or a lon, lat, elevation, and time to an integer index, such as a quadtree or R-Tree index, that can be used to order and rapidly retrieve spatial data. Geohash means that you now can take advantage of key/value databases such as Accumulo and programs such as MapReduce - Accumulo uses MapReduce for distributed processing. GeoMesa aims to provide as much of the spatial querying and data manipulation to Accumulo as PostGIS does to Postgres.
An especially exciting thing about GeoMesa is that it is an implementation of the GeoTools API on Apache Accumulo instead of PostGIS. If you have an application that was developed with GeoTools, you can simply replace PostGIS with GeoMesa to handle big spatial data volumes. There is even a plug-in for GeoServer so that geospatial data in Accumulo to be shared and visualized via Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standard services, such as WFS. Chris also announced that the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency's (NGA) GeoWave project, which shares many goals with GeoMesa, will be folded into GeoMesa.
A fairly common query when dealing with social media streams such as Twitter is to "find all the tweets from locations within 10 km and within 15 minutes of where I was in my car at 9:45 this morning." Chris outlined how GeoMesa can handle that type of query through GeoMesa's support for an Open Geospatial Consortium standard called the web geoprocessing service (WPS).
Werley Fairburn was a country singer who was born in Folsom Louisiana in 1924. He recorded for Trumpet Records in 1953, then with Capitol, Columbia, and Savoy labels as a rockabilly performer. Not limited to performing, he decided to go into the record company business and founded Milestone Records in 1959 with Madelon Baker. Besides recording himself for his own label he looked to record R & B singing groups who were still in favor in the late nineteen fifties. The first group he heard that he felt had a shot at the big time was a quartet from Bakersfield, California called The Paradons.
The group consisted of Bill Meyers, Chuck Weldon, William Powers, and Wes Tyler. The Paradons went into the session and resulted in one of the top tunes of 1960 with "Diamonds And Pearls". The flip side was the throwaway tune "I Want Love" and was released on Milestone # 2003. It was a runaway hit for the group getting into the top twenty best sellers in the country on the pop music charts. So now the Milestone label had a national hit record on their hands. After "Diamonds" had run its course on the best sellers and the nation's radio airwaves, the group had their second release for the label. "Please Tell Me" and "Bells Ring" was issued by Milestone on # 2005. This time however, the record failed to generate much interest at all. Hoping not to fall into the "one hit wonders" category Milestone tried again with "I Had A Dream" and "Never Never" on # 2015. Once again success was not to come to The Paradons. By now the partnership with Milestone Records was at an end over the lack of sales and other issues between the group and the label. There was one further record by the group on Warner Brothers Records with the songs "Take All Of Me" and "So Fine So Fine So Fine" on # 5186.
Back to 1961 at the offices of Milestone, Fairburn and company after their success with the initial record by The Paradons, came up with a second vocal group from the Santa Monica area. This quartet known as The Bluejays was comprised of Van Earl Richardson, Alex Manigo, Leonard Davidson, and lead singer Leon Peels. The powers that be at Milestone liked a tune that was an original by the group and it became their first record. The song was "Lover's Island", and it was paired with "You're Gonna Cry" and released on # 2008. It became an immediate hit across the country and by September became a top thirty seller on the pop music charts. By the end of the year The Bluejays as The Paradons before them, tried for the successful follow up record. And - like the Paradons, they found it difficult to achieve.
"Tears Are Falling" and "Tall Tree Len" on Milestone # 2009 was the first try that did not do well. This was followed by "Let's Make Love" and "Rock Rock Rock" on # 2010 and "The Right To Love" and a second try with "Rock Rock Rock" on # 2012. The final attempt by The Bluejays for Milestone was in late 1962 with "Venus My Love" and "Tall Tree Len" also a second try. That was the end for The Bluejays and also the end for Milestone Records. But not the end of the story for the alliance of Werley Fairburn and Leon Peels.
A new label was founded called Whirlybird Records in 1963 and Leon Peels was recorded listed as a solo artist, with the tunes "A Casual Kiss" and "Cottonhead Joe" on # 2002. Peels was backed up on the record by a group called The Hi Tensions. This was also a Southern California group with a lineup of Bobby Parker, Jack Johnson, David Cook, Sonny Allen, and Roy Haggins. They had recorded for Milestone on # 2018 with "The Ebbing Of The Tide" and "Got A Good Feeling". There was one last recording, this time listed as by Leon Peels & The Hi Tensions with "Darlene" and "A Magic Island" on Whirlybird # 2008.
There were a few later recordings, most of them unissued. Leon Peels would appear at some oldie shows in California mostly for the Doo Wop Society of Southern California. Peels passed away in April of 1999.
The CD recording covering all the important sides by these two groups is "The Bluejays Meet The Paradons" for Collectables from 1998. It contains eighteen tracks and recaptures the sound of these two groups from their Milestone Records days when they were among the last of the classic R & B vocal groups.
You can call upon the cold darkness between the stars to gain flight, travel to other worlds, or summon monsters from beyond to do your bidding.
Granted Powers: You gain Trailblazing Channel as a bonus feat, even if you do not meet the prerequisites. In addition, you add Perception (Wis) to your list of class skills, and are under the constant effect of a know direction spell.
Sphere Powers: You can select your sphere powers from the powers and revelations granted by the following sources.
Divine Eminence (Sp): You can cast terror of the void once per week as your divine eminence ability.
A group dedicated to the discussion and best practices of Change Control; including change plans, approval processes, and tracking across IT and code development areas.
He appreciates his cozy bed and fleece blanket. He is quite unless he needs to alert you. He is used to being home on his own and has the run of the house. No worries about accidents. He is easy to please, walks well and sits and waits till you call him for dinner. He only asks for his morning and evening walks, and a lifelong companion. Although he is devoted to you, he isn’t fond of other kids in fur.
Buddy would be so grateful for a person of his very own to love. Could you be the one this black beauty has been waiting to meet?
To get a head start just go to www.FaasPets.org and fill out an application which can be emailed or faxed to us.
© 2018 Friends of the Attleboro Animal Shelter (FAAS) - Making a Difference – One Paw at a Time	- Powered by Petfinder.com
iPhone XiPhone 8 PlusiPhone 8iPhone 7 plusiPhone 7iPhone 6 / iPhone 6siPhone 6 Plus / iPhone 6s PlusiPhone 5 / iPhone 5s / iPhone SE
London is one of Europe’s most cultural, historic and vibrant cities — and with the drop in sterling, now is the time to head there on a shopping spree! This break with Arrow Tours will allow you to discover London’s several distinct shopping areas and shopping streets. Head to Mayfair to shop for luxury goods, check out the markets for bargains or visit Covent Garden for quirky finds. Westfield is London’s large shopping centre and Harrods is its most famous London department store.
Aside from the shopping, discover the city’s superb museums, stunning architecture and fun filled nightlife. Visit Westminster Abbey, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace or head to the West End and see a fantastic theatrical show. London is full of history and tradition but it is also one of the coolest and most modern cities in the world.
Price Includes : Return flights from Dublin, taxes, 10 Kg Hand Luggage plus Accommodation in a Double room Bed and Breakfast.
Discover the shopper’s paradise of Boston on this trip with etravel.ie. Head to Newbury Street, famous for its upmarket stores, and visit Copley Place, an indoor luxury shopping centre filled with big name retailers. Downtown Crossing, near Boston Common, is a pedestrian-friendly, no cars allowed location with lots of sightseeing nearby. Charles Street, at the foot of Beacon Hill, is full of boutique shops while Wrentham, New England’s largest upscale outlet centre, has 170 designer and lifestyle brands including Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger and many more.
This beautiful city successfully blends the old and new through its colonial charm and urban sophistication. From Boston Common to Faneuil Hall to Fenway Park, the city is the perfect spot to discover American history and culture.
New York City’s January sales are legendary and this superb value break with Trailfinders will set you up in Midtown Manhattan, a stone’s throw from some of the world’s best shopping! Whether you’re shopping for the perfect gift or hunting for bargains, spend a weekend in New York shopping and you’ll find everything you could possibly want. Begin on 5th Avenue, taking in Saks department store and the famous jewellers Tiffany & Co. Make sure to include some time browsing around Bloomingdale’s and Macy’s and take a trip to the Soho district where you’ll find a mix of cool high street shops and niche shops selling unique and original clothing.
Full of culture, shopping and entertainment, New York truly is the city that never sleeps. This trip also includes a ‘New York TV & Movie Sites’ tour where you can visit some of the city’s most famous TV and movie locations! As you drive through Times Square, Tribeca, 5th Avenue and Midtown, your guide will reveal many of New York’s most recognisable sets and share some of the industry’s best kept secrets.
Price includes: Direct flights from Dublin to Newark with United (all taxes included), 3 nights accommodation with continental breakfast and New York TV & Movie Sites tour.
I am new to the game of pool but I love it and want to continue on improving my game and having fun.
I am interested in buying a new pool cue, and I am wondering what is the best pool cue in the $150-200 range? I am hoping that someone could fill me in on some good brands of cues in that price range.
Could you please let me know what is the standard pool cue size and weight of of pool cues for beginners, and what are some things you should look for and be interested in when buying an new cue?
I was looking at the Scorpion SCOG01 Graphite Cue and I am wondering what people thought of that pool cue.
I would like to add a Viking cue would be an excellent choice. A 13millimeter shaft with a 19 oz total weight would be a good place to start. 12 1/2mm If you have small hands. The viking cue has 4 joint options ( mostly for feel of impact), a good tip (Le-Pro), and a interchangeable weight system---better left for the dealer to change it for you as to try to do it yourself. Some McDermitt cues are now being made overseas So find that out first before you order one. As for viking, they are still made in USA. I have a Viking VM 25 and have played on a league since 2002, practiced thousands of games (2 years on my own table) been through many cue tips, and the cue still plays like the day I got it. A cheaper one starts at 170.00 msrp. You can get better prices through most of the dealers. Take good care of it and it could last a lifetime. I expect mine to do just that.
Oh, one more thing. Don't forget at least 30.00 in the budget for a case. Preferable a hard shell case. And dont leave your cue in a cold or hot car. You wont like what could happen to it.
First I would like to inform the long term player with 4 posts that there is a caps lock key on his keyboard that seems to be stuck. Typing in all caps is known as YELLING, and we don't take kindly to it.
Secondly, there are plenty of "just fine" cues available starting around $60 and proceeding higher. For the first time cue buyer there are some things you shold be aware:
1: No mater how carefully you try you will not be able to keep dings and dents off of the shaft. Thus, your first cue should be considered a write-off (long term). As you accumulate kicks, and dents, you will gain an appreciation how how careful one has to be to prevent these things from happeninig. So consider your first cue a 2 year useful life.
2: 80% of the "hit" is in the tip, 15% in the shaft and 5% everywhere else. So to the very largest degree, if you don't like how the cue plays, start changing the tip until you find one that you like. Thus all the graphics, inlays, points, rings,... do not alter the playability of the cue--just the depth of whats left in your bank account.
3: As a beginner, you should be aware that you can "get used to" practically any cue you so choose. Weight doesn't mater, but better players gravitate towards lighter cues (17.5 gr to 19 gr); balance maters some (but heavy to nose heavy) and for these reasons, I dislike metalic coupling between butt and shaft. Steel and bronze couplers almost invariably make the cue nose heavy.
4: after you play with your first cue for a couple of years, you will be in the position to know what kind of graphics, points, rings, inlays, veneeers you might linke in a long term cue. You will also be in a position to understand how the shaft interacts with the hit--and be able to make rational decisions about low-deflection shafts versus traditioinal shafts.
5: Finally, since there are may tapers available, and several tip diameters available, you migt be in a position to make a call on the agressive 11.5mm tips versus the 14mm passive tips and play off the tip playability with the shaft deflection to find the shaft that is right for you.
6: once you get into the $400 catagory, you can get a full custom cue--you just have to research the internet to find the makers.
Graphite Cues tend to be sticky and need to be cleaned very often or you need to play with a glove. I would pass. Otherwise Mitch has covered the subject quite well as always.
if you haven't got a very good technique then I would advise you a low deflection cue because it will be more forgiving then oversized cues with tips of 12 - 13 mm. Unfortunately we don't have a cue below usd$ 200 so we cannot help you.
Castile's shooting was among a string of killings of blacks by police around the US, and the livestreaming of its aftermath by Castile's girlfriend, Diamond ...
As he was doing so, the White House released a fact sheet on the new policies: The plan outlines aims to "enhance" Cuba's compliance with USA law; hold Cu...
In a surprising outcome for many, Theresa May's conservative party lost 13 Parliamentary seats across the country, including Warwick & Leamington by just 1,206 ...
She took medicine for the latter, which may have contributed to her death, said Todd Fisher. Sleep apnea causes people to temporarily stop breathing while t...
The Celtics have shown more interest in possibly getting Kansas forward Josh Jackson with the Sixers No. 3 pick. However, there have been questions about wh...
Members of the US Congress took part in the traditional Republicans vs Democrats baseball game on Thursday, with many wearing hats to honour Steve Scalise , ...
Hodgkinson, the shooter who opened fire on dozens of Republican congressmen and staffers at a baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, on Wednesday, had a lis...
A source tells the paper that the show will be a "pared down version of the set he usually performs in huge arenas all over the world". The 975-seat Walter Ke...
Prime Minster May is already under pressure after a series of terrorist attacks and political setbacks in the election last week. The government has promised ...
Sinn Fein and the Democratic Unionists both agree a deal to restore a powersharing administration in Northern Ireland can be done by the end of the month. Th...
One slunk down in his seat, looking angry. Gianna Constand , the accuser's fiercely protective mother, testified that Cosby apologized over the phone to he...
Donald Trump derided claims of collusion between Moscow and his associates as " phony " on Thursday after reports that the head of a probe into Russia's ...
Each song is carefully crafted, making use of her strengths in producing the work and understanding that her scratchy, nearly operatic voice can be utilized...
The President later said he would "100%" be willing to testify under oath. The House intelligence committee has asked White House counsel Don McGahn whether...
The defense also hired an expert witness, psychiatrist Dr. Peter Breggin, who testified that he believed Carter was "involuntarily intoxicated" by antidepre...
Under the all-cash deal, Amazon will acquire the Texas- based champion of organic and specialty food for $42 a share . Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods ...
If found guilty, Cosby could go to prison for the rest of his life. Defense lawyer Brian McMonagle said Cosby and Ms Constand were lovers who had enjoye...
Chicago Fire Department spokesman Larry Langford told Chicagoist that both victims were taken to Comer Children's Hospital, and he said their injuries do not a...
She said Comey's testimony doesn't "eliminate the possibility that there was a misinterpretation". Trump's tweet about Comey was one in a series Sunday ...
Fred Warmbier , Otto's father, held a news conference Thursday, June 15. Fred Warmbier said his family doesn't believe North Korea's explanation that Ot...
Her husband's identity has not been revealed , but she met the businessman past year and they started dated months after. After publicly chronicaling two fai...
Cooper Smith, head of Amazon research at L2, says Instacart will likely be the loser in Friday's Amazon deal. Whole Foods' stock has lost almost half of i...
Despite critical praise (it boasts the best Rotten Tomatoes rating to date among recent DC releases, nearly higher than Batman v Superman , Man of Steel an...
O'Neill, questions relating to clarification of any information presented to them. Cosby has pleaded not guilty to the felony charge, and has claimed that i...
In fact, 38-year-old Lakeisha claims she's been essentially raising their child on her own because 75-year-old Richard refuses to get involved. He claims that s...
In the world of male Superheroes Wonder Woman is setting the bars high for women-oriented action flicks with nail-biting action, gravity-defying stunts, and a...
We sent up some t-shirts and hats for all the legislators that will be playing in the baseball game today in Washington . The incident seems to have brought ab...
The story this week will be how poorly THE MUMMY performed at the weekend box office and whether or not Universal's plan for a Dark Universe are going to ...
Chevron Corp New Com now has $203.24B valuation. The stock's quarterly performance indicates a Negative momentum of -1.42 percent, whereas its last one month tr...
Malaysian company 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) said it is not a party in the civil lawsuit filed by United States Department of Justice (DoJ). In July a y...
As a pleasant three-and-a-half-minute visual vacation, it's wonderful, notable mostly for every single look Rihanna wears and her unwavering commitment to liv...
Those calls have escalated since fired FBI Director Comey cryptically told lawmakers last week that the bureau had expected Sessions to recuse himself weeks b...
Overseas, Wonder Woman also won the weekend with $122.5 million from 55 markets for a global cume of $223 million. For now, we can all bask in the glory tha...
Krispy Kreme: The chain is offering customers one free doughnut all day at participating shops. There is a sweet celebration all across the valley today in...
Starting tomorrow, stop by McDonald’s for a free mocha every Monday. You will receive a small 7-8 ounce hot or iced mocha sample. The offer is valid only between 7am
By Kimberley Johnson on March 9, 2015 Costa Rica, Hate speech, Rush Limbaugh Open Letters, Opinions/Op/ED
Dear Rush, It’s been a while since my last letter to you in 2012, and I thought it might be a good time to say hi again. You see, I was perusing Facebook – and taking a break from writing my latest fiction novel about a 17-year-old girl who gets an abortion and has […]
ROGERS, Ark – The Walmart NW Arkansas Championship presented by P&G will return to Rogers June 17- June 23. This year, with the help of reduced ticket prices, fans are encouraged to come out with their friends and families to ensure the event continues its reputation as one of the most popular stops on the LPGA tour. Other media day highlights include:
LOUDEST HOLE IN GOLF: Traditionally the green at 17 during tournament week is loud with Stacy Lewis leading the crowd in the “Calling of the Hogs”. This year tournament officials are challenging fans to participate by showing their community support and cheering for their favorite LPGA golfers. All of the structures on the hole including the Walmart Tent, Malibu Party Deck and the Ball Park Fan Pavilion have been redesigned to create a more ‘stadium’ feel around the green. No. 17 already has a reputation for being loud but this year the Tournament and its sponsors are asking fans to help make it the loudest hole in golf. In order to encourage the cheers, officials have reduced the length of the hole from a tricky 185 yards to an inviting 145 yard shot, this distance decrease helping the chance for fans to see more birdies than previous years.
TICKET PRICES REDUCED BY 40 PERCENT: To continue the growing tradition of a family-friendly atmosphere, ticket prices for this year have been reduced, and children 17 and under will continue to be admitted free with a ticketed adult. Daily tickets are now $15, valid any one day Friday, June 21 – Sunday, June 23. Weekly ground passes, valid all week, can be purchased for $30. The Tournament wants to make the access to the world’s best female golfers as affordable as possible and ticket pricing is now no more expensive than a family trip out to the movies or dinner.
FIELD AND PURSE: The 2012 Walmart NW Arkansas defending champion, Ai Miyazato will be back to defend her title along with other world best golfers. The event’s purse of $2 million, $300,000 going to the winner, is one of the top ten purses on the LPGA Tour including majors.
STACY LEWIS COMMITS: Fan favorite Stacy Lewis, who unofficially won the rain-shortened tournament as an amateur in 2007, will lead the field at this year’s event. Lewis has seven career victories on the LPGA Tour, including one major championship and two victories this year. She capped off a stellar 2012, in which she had four wins and 12 top ten finishes, and won the LPGA Player of the Year award. Lewis finished T-19 in 2012, shooting 1-under for the weekend.
TV BROADCAST: All three rounds of the tournament will be nationally-televised live on the Golf Channel.
Tickets are on-sale now at www.nwachampionship.com or (479) 715-6100 ext. 7. Admission is free to the public Monday, June 17 – Thursday, June 20. Children 17 and under are admitted free with a ticketed adult.
Shona McGarty nude celebs As the saying goes, the best things in life are free. But that wasn’t the case for Shona McGarty on Thursday as she enjoyed a casual lunch date in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire. Failing to display a parking ticket on her …
Shona McGarty free nude celebrities The Neighbours theme tune then plays while various EastEnders stars, including Danny Dyer, Kellie Bright, Shona McGarty and Laurie Brett try to act jolly and neighbourly, but with a dark EastEnders twist. An inflatable …
Shona McGarty celebrity naked The Neighbours theme tune then plays while various EastEnders stars, including Danny Dyer, Kellie Bright, Shona McGarty and Laurie Brett try to act jolly and neighbourly, but with a dark EastEnders twist. An inflatable …
Shona McGarty nude The Neighbours theme tune then plays while various EastEnders stars, including Danny Dyer, Kellie Bright, Shona McGarty and Laurie Brett try to act jolly and neighbourly, but with a dark EastEnders twist. An inflatable kangaroo and an Australian flag can …
You will be able to do that by scheduling short examine sessions from the days and weeks, just before an examination. Cramming all of the issues into 1 sitting will only display to become counter productive.
With custom-written software they toss together field recordings, guitars, electric bass, synths, and squeak toys into their compositions. Electronic music fans will feel the flavors of Kim Hiorthøy, The Books, and Xploding Plastix in M.E.P's creations."
Veterans Day is among one of the most celebrated holidays in the US Federal holidays, commemorated on November 11, each year. The entire nation acquires an excellent mood and conducts multiple shows and events on holiday all over the United States. Celebrating the Veterans Day, most exciting things are parades. Different people walk in the rituals and hold multiple Veterans Day posters and pictures, Veterans Day quotes, Veterans Day images when they are performing their events or parades. On the Veterans Day, all the federated offices stay unopened. Whenever the Veterans Day comes on Sunday or Saturday, people enjoy their holiday on adjoining Monday or Friday. If the Veterans Day comes on any Saturday, there are utmost chances that the federated offices will stay unopened on November 10, and this day will announce as the holiday of the whole state. Make sure to take all the Veterans Day memes and Veterans Day pictures along with you to enjoy.
The Veterans Day, formerly known as the Armistice Day, you can witness this day to give honor to the veterans of war. If you count yourself in those people who perceive that the Memorial Day and the Veterans Day are alike, you can enjoy the days together. There is a little difference in the history of these two days. The Memorial day is commemorated to honor those veterans of war who had martyred while giving their resources to the military team. But the veterans day is remembered to glorify those veterans of war who are living and delivering their services to the United States military teams at present.
There are numerous pictures on the Veterans Day that reveals the dignity of their enthusiastic soldiers. These pictures are of various kinds, for instance, the tomb of unknown soldier, honor guard, Arlington national cemetery, resting places, memorials, honor guard, heroes, national flags, American bravery, landmarks, sacrifices, veteran, army, respect, and patriot soldiers.
All people have their ways to celebrate the veterans day. You can also follow these steps to enjoy the veteran day.
You can hang a flag. By attaching the flag of America, you can reveal your loyalty to your country. Multiple people do not forget the veterans who sacrifice their lives in the war and the other alive soldiers by watching the flag that is moving from side to side in the air.
You should say thanks to a veteran. Do not forget that they put up a fight against the enemies for your liberty and they are only the reason of your existence. Show appreciation for their efforts to your country.
You can publish the words of thanks on some pictures, poems, letters or something you like. After posting the words, you can submit it into a competition about the reasons why you love your country or what does the word freedom means to you.
You can have a feast on Veterans Day. You can do it with your whole family, or you can also invite the veterans to the feast.
Just take one second to ponder about what the veterans have done for you. Just take some moments out of your precious time and thank the veterans what they have for you and your country and also see their efforts in all the wars of your country.
You can also wear a poppy because poppy is a particular sign for veterans. So by wearing a flower, you can appreciate their sacrifices for your freedom.
These are the steps to celebrate the Veterans Day with different styles of images and pictures. You can also arrange the theme parties for them on the Veterans Day. You can ask them to tell about their experiences in their wars but letting them speak and inviting them to such enthusiastic parties. You will entertain listening to their stories and experiences.
The celebration of the veterans initiated with the ending of World War 1 to praise the veterans of war who do not take care of their lives for their country and the freedom of the people of the nation. After the conclusion of World War II, there was a celebration at the end of the day to honor the soldiers.
Multiple cities in the United States arrange the parades on the Veterans Day on their own in which people come along with pictures of the Veterans Day, wallpapers, images and posters for them.
The people also paint their faces with different colors present in the flag of the United States especially blue, white and red and enjoy the day by having poems and pictures in their hands.
You can also make your pictures and posters by placing the Veterans Day quotes and images on them. Some of the people have necessary elements on their photographs, for instance, the national bird of United States like a Bald eagle, the renowned veterans of war, or the flag of US, etc. their personal life gets hampered because of their profession. When they wear their uniforms, it means they are ready to sacrifice their lives for their country. The country is their priority, and them family comes. Their family also has to suffer much due to their profession.
You can also praise the veterans by taking care of their members of the family and remain them away from depression. You can also gift them with unique cakes, pies, and gifts on the Veterans Day events. You can offer them different pictures and posters with some appreciation quotes to show your love for their soldiers.
Approximately every region in the United States consists of VSO (Veteran Service Organization) whose center of attention is on giving the support to the many local veterans and their families. You can go for a visit for the communication with the veterans and also visit their amenities. You can also go to the hospitals where the veterans get their treatment and even talk with them about the hospital services.
James Esker Terry, “Junior”, 66, of Oneida, passed away December 30, 2017, at Big South Fork Medical Center in Oneida.
Born in Detroit, Michigan, April 22, 1951, he was preceded in death by his father, James Esker “Eck” Terry; and in-laws: Bill and Lorene Carson Blevins, and Billy Joe Blevins.
Most of his young life was spent growing up on the farm at his grandparents where he loved to farm and take care of the animals and where he continued to run the farm, even on his last day on this earth. He learned many skills dealing with livestock, equipment, and the land itself, and loved horseback riding. He was named Farmer of the Year in 1995. He often helped others maintain their fields, gardens, and livestock when needed.
He was a member of Pine Creek United Baptist Church for 53 years, serving as a deacon and treasurer; and served on numerous advisory boards including Farm Bureau, Scott-Morgan Farmer’s Cooperative, and Scott Water and Conservation. He also owned Terry Insulation, and drove a school bus for 22 years. He never met a stranger and leaves behind a legacy of hard work, generosity, kindness, and love.
He is survived by his wife of 44 years, Katherine “Kat” Terry of Oneida; sons, Jared Terry of Oneida, and Justin (Marlainna) Terry of Whitley City, Ky.; grandchildren: Hailey Kendall, and Katherine and Ezra Terry, all of Oneida, and Hughston and Deegun Terry, both of Whitley City, Ky.; mother, Gertrude Marcum Terry of Oneida; brother and sisters: Danny Ray “DT” Terry, Debbie (Al) Anderson, and Lisa (Benny) Carson, all of Oneida, and Linda (Charlie) Malone of Knoxville; in-laws, Donna (Angie) Stephens, and Bobby (Pam) Blevins, both of Oneida; special friends, Donnie Burke and Jerry Marcum; and several nieces, nephews, great- nieces and nephews, and many other relatives and friends.
Funeral service was conducted January 3, at Bethlehem Baptist Church. Graveside service was conducted January 4, at Marcum-Kidd Cemetery, Oneida.
If you find yourself having the same battle over and over again to keep your house rid of clutter, this two-hour workshop is for you. This workshop will help you learn about the emotional blocks that prevent decluttering “once and for all,” and how to find your personal decluttering style. You’ll understand why “organizing” is a trap, and why more storage bins only keep the problem going. In the second hour, you’ll get a solid plan for winning the war on stuff, discover local resources for help, and learn concrete strategies help you move forward to your goal of a neat, peaceful, clutter-free environment. Participants are asked to bring one to three items from home they can't seem to let go. The presenter is Martha Spalding Mozingo, a lifelong West Virginia resident whose interests include dogs, creativity, giftedness, writing, art, and science. She is also a member of Mensa.
Please support the annual fund. Your gift supports vital library services for everyone in the community. Make a Donation
"At a time when every party was singing paens to the Nehruvian model of command economy, the Jana Sangh was demanding that the economy be freed from the clutches of Government control..."
This is what Atal Bihari Vajpayee told me when I interviewed him in December 1997. It was published in The Times of India under the headline: The Man India Awaits.
I accidentally stumbled upon the text of the interview. Re-reading it, I realised he was a true visionary, a towering stalwart among pygmies who then crowded the Government at the Centre as they do now; a leader who inspired hope and kindled aspiration, much like Narendra Modi does today.
It's a long interview. I thought of breaking it up into smaller parts. Here goes the first of the lot. Read, retrospect, react.
At a political rally addressed by Mr Atal Bihari Vajpayee, as the veteran leader took the mike, somebody from the audience shouted, “Desh ka pradhan mantri kaisa ho?” and the others responded with “Atal Bihari jaisa ho!|” Mr Vajpayee, in his inimitable style, began his speech by saying, “Sawal yeh nahin hai ki pradhan mantri kaisa ho. Sawal yeh hai ki desh kaisa ho.”
Mr Vajpayee's pride in his Indian heritage is deep, vast and abiding. If, on the one hand, it causes him deep distress at the present state of the nation, it also forms the foundation of his hopes for tomorrow on the other. Indeed, the greater the sorrow he feels, the more determined he grows to make India rise above its failures and resume its place at the apex of civilisation.
He exhorts Indians to find within themselves, the daring, courage and honour that characterised great Indian men of yore. His call sounds for all those who can willingly make sacrifices without expecting either fame or any other reward in return ... “who burn like a flame in the dark even while others shine in the light of fame”. His summons are for people “who have the glorious vision of the future in their eyes and the speed of storms in-every step”. He knows that nothing can stop the rising tide of patriotism and it is with this knowledge that his call rings out: “Come all who dare.”
Mr Vajpayee, in this era of globalisation, economics is fast supplanting politics all over the world. You are widely perceived as India's next Prime Minister. If you were to become India's next Prime Minister, what would be Swadeshi's influence on your economic policies? And since a country is largely shaped by its economic-policies, what should be India's approach?
Let me make it clear that Swadeshi does not mean that India will become an island by itself or become isolationist. Neither does it mean that we will not allow the inflow of new ideas and new technology or, for that matter, foreign investment.
Swadeshi essentially means that people should have the confidence to build a modern and prosperous India by working hard and making the maximum use of the resources that are available at the moment. It means making India a global player. It means strengthening our indigenous research and development. Swadeshi ultimately means ensuring a reasonable standard of living for all citizens.
Those who say that India cannot move forward unless others come to our aid, are wrong. We have an abundance of natural resources, trained technical manpower and our achievements in science and technology are remarkable. Therefore, there is no reason why we should not have pride in our national capabilities. I would say, in a nutshell Swadeshi means "India can do it and India will do it".
There can be no going back to a completely state-controlled economy in which, instead of rewarding private sector for higher production, limits were imposed through quotas. Since its inception, right from the days of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh, my party has all along demanded deregulation of the economy and cutback in Government controls. At a time when every party was singing paens to the Nehruvian model of command economy, the Jana Sangh was demanding that the economy be freed from the clutches of Government control.
Expansion of the public sector without developing a professional managerial class for the public sector enterprises has made many of them unprofitable and unviable. I believe that we should try and revive those undertakings that can be turned around. In any event, I am against substituting the earlier policy of indiscriminate expansion with indiscriminate closure. In all this, the workers' interests need to be safeguarded.
What I and my party are opposed to is allowing the Indian market to be swamped by products that offer an illusion of prosperity but in reality meet the demands of a very narrow band of people. Putting it simply, we are against unlimited consumerism which may appeal to cosmopolitan, upwardly mobile Indians, but ignores the needs of 75 per cent of the country's population that lives in our villages. Other countries in South-East Asia that have prospered, have done so through high rates of saving. We, too, must strive for higher savings rates.
If you were the Prime Minister, would you recommend a change in the manner of approval of foreign investments or regulate its inflow?
I would ensure that every investment offer is decided on merit and whether it meets our country's needs. I would bear in mind our national interests.
There is an increasing demand from Indian industry for a level playing field. Which essentially means a degree of protection for local industry...
I am inclined to agree with them. Indian industry has to be given time and all help to prepare itself to meet the challenges of globalisation. Till recently they operated in a largely protected market. To suddenly push them into competition, that too with those who are at a more advantageous position, especially as far as access to capital is concerned, is unfair. Yes, I do favour a level playing field. If in the USA they can have this slogan, ‘Be American, Buy American’, why can't we say, ‘Be Indian, Buy Indian’? Instead of being swamped by foreign brands, why can't we make Indian brands globally acceptable?
There is also this thing that economic liberalisation has not benefited small scale industry and agriculture...
Small scale sector deserves full protection and all possible incentives. As for agriculture, we all know that investment in this crucial sector has declined, resulting in a slowdown of
agricultural growth despite a good monsoon. I would consider investment in agriculture one of the top priorities for a Government committed to good governance.
Apropos to your historical interview,which is worthy enough and it is to be praised by all those who will enjoy your article.
Synchronously,every Indian does have solemnly believed that Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee had had a true reformer as a Prime minister discounting to the other PMs of our country.
A) Mr. Atal Bihari vajpayee was a disciple of Rev.Shyamaprasad Mukherjee,who was a well know visionary of build India.And also, His impeccable manner of work cultured and transparency, which had been trained to him to render his political journey,Other PMs are the followers of Nehru/Gandhi family, where they are belonging in praxis of Rev.shyamaprasad mukherjee and propels to non-transparent way.;
B)Mr.Vajpayee was had a great respect and acceptance by minority community & all,On the other hand,other PMs have not had to same comfort,;
c)Mr.vajpayee & his fellow members of cabinet ministers were not involved in dodgy dealings during his ruling periods,Apparently, Other beloved PMs of various hues are rightly arrested to his fellow members by his own administration.;
D) Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpayee was a founder of business connectivity by way of road developments in different parts of India to uplift our Indian Economy and became to stalwart to complete with rest of world,On the contrary, Other PMs failed to carry rightly for the sake of democratic prosperity.;
Barring the above facts the atal behari vajpayee does have tried to introduce as developed country with the rest of world. Unfortunately, however, he had stalk as prevented because of his fast approaching aged he lefts off his unfinished dreams to build modern India.
Our fraudulent Left-liberals, who dominate the commentariat and academic institutions, poisoning impressionable minds, are out in full f...
"The newspapers attacking me are not newspapers in the ordinary sense. They are engines of propaganda for the constantly changing policies, desires, personal vices, personal likes and dislikes of the two men. What are their methods? Their methods are direct falsehoods, misrepresentation, half-truths, the alteration of the speaker's meaning by publishing a sentence apart from the context...What the proprietorship of these papers is aiming at is power, and power without responsibility – the prerogative of the harlot throughout the ages."
UPDATE: [Jyoti Basu died on January 17, a week after the following article was written. Obituary writers waxed eloquent on his many achiev...
Was it really an ‘abject surrender’ by the NDA Government? There have been innumerable communal riots in India, nearly all of them in Sta...
Recalling the terrifying pogrom of November 1984 that left thousands of Sikh men, women and children dead -- killed by Congress thugs At ...
A response to Salil Tripathi - I 1984 and 2002 are not comparable. Rarely, if ever, have I commented on an article penned by a fellow wr...
First they came for the Communists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the trade unionists, an...
But Ayodhya judgement at best a partial closure During a recent television debate on ‘Saffron Terror’ (the coinage is an oxymoron, but su...
Teesta's "secular petty criminal" was no innocent lad! Sohrabbuddin was not an ordinary criminal as projected by the petitio...
That won't silence the clanging bells! Hindus who are proud to assert their identity and fly the Tricolour high have now found a new p...
We The People Are Corrupt! It’s virtually impossible to check the veracity of AIADMK leader J Jayalalithaa’s assertion that the loss to ...
By Kanchan Gupta W hat does it mean to celebrate Durga Puja in Rome? It means to be humiliated, harassed and hounded by city officials wh...
The worship and adoration of the Eternal Unsearchable and Immutable Being who is the Author and Preserver of the Universe leads us to Enlightenment and thus Liberates us from Darkness
Advent is here! We are preparing for the great Feast of the Incarnation, Christmas, the Word Made Flesh. The vestments are violet, the Gloria is omitted at Mass, and the Liturgy is a bit more somber. We recall the longing and waiting of the Chosen People before our Savior was born.
We are also approaching the Great Jubilee. The Year 2000 proclaims two thousand years of Christianity! We are the Catholics who will "walk our Faith across the threshold" into a new millennium. Christ: Yesterday, Today, and Forever. What a wonderful time to be living our Faith.
The notion of a "holy door" is a way to symbolize this. Last Sunday, at the cathedral, Archbishop Buechlein sealed one set of doors closed. He will open them again on Christmas Eve. This symbolizes this bringing our Faith into a new era, over a threshold of time. The Holy Father will open the Holy Door at Saint Peter’s Basilica in Vatican City that has been sealed for twenty-five years at the same time.
In the Roman Catholic tradition, a Holy Year or Jubilee is a great religious event. It is a year of forgiveness of sins, reconciliation between adversaries, of conversion and receiving the Sacrament of Penance, and consequently of solidarity, hope, justice, commitment to serve God with joy and in peace with our brothers and sisters. A Jubilee year is above all the year of Christ, Who brings life and grace to humanity.
Let me remind you that there is an opportunity for confession before all Masses, seven days a week here at Holy Rosary. Please make use of this essential sacrament as part of your preparation for Christmas and the Great Jubilee during these four weeks of Advent.
This week’s Criterion has lots of detail about how we will celebrate the Great Jubilee 2000 here in the Archdiocese of Indianapolis. More about the Great Jubilee 2000 next week.
This Friday, December 3, is the Feast of Saint Francis Xavier, patron of our archdiocese. Pray for our local Church especially on that day.
That same evening, December 3, the Marian Center is sponsoring a talk by yours truly on the coming of the millennium. It’s at 6:45 pm. The Marian Center is located on the lower level of the Divine Mercy Perpetual Adoration Chapel, 3356 West 30th Street; adjacent to Cardinal Ritter High School. All are welcome to attend.
As you can see, the roofing crew has arrived. They came on Monday. The rain came on Tuesday. O, well, at least they are on the job and soon our new roof will be a reality. We’ve been waiting for years to get this project off the ground. Please pray for its success and safety.
Once again, let me bring to your attention THE PARISH STEWARDSHIP CARDS! You’re probably getting tired of reading this or hearing this. I’m getting tired of writing it and saying it. But, until we get 100% of the cards turned in, we’ve got to keep bringing it up!
PLEASE! If you have not turned in your commitment card, please do so this week. We want a prayerful response from everyone. The phone committee of the parish council will call those we do not hear from. So, if everyone turns their card in, it will save lots of work. As I said last weekend, if you cannot participate at this time mark it "$-0-." That way we know that you saw the card and made your own prayerful decision.
Be sure to mark both top and bottom of the card in reference to your financial gifts. This is a bit confusing. Some have already turned their cards in and not marked the bottom, even with a zero (-0-). We will need to contact them again to make sure we understand their intention. Although the card is perforated, do not separate the card. We will do this in the parish office.
Again, we ask that everyone turn in his or her card as soon as possible. We would like to get things together on our Stewardship Campaign and United Catholic Appeal before the end of November.
Our "Giving Tree" project for Advent is on. Select a nametag from the tree, and then purchase a gift for that person. Return the wrapped gift to church no later than Sunday, December 12. If you have questions, please call Marie Pittman-Oechsle at 632-3087 or the parish office at 636-4478.
You have spent ten million fighting Scientology. Scientology starts up its vast legal machine, and hurls its full legal & investigative artillery against you, and you know it will never stop until you are either in jail, penniless, or mostly likely both, and on top of that, the railroading of a relative is a strong possibility, which is probably one of Scn's targets to get at you even more.
Do as Bob is doing, the consequence of which is alienating those critics who, without so much as consulting you in the first place, would turn against you.
I say ease up on Bob, since we cannot fathom the incredible pressure and stress to which he is being subjected by Scientology. How quickly some forget about all the good things he has done, far more than many of us. I may disagree with some of the things, choices he made, and so forth, but I also realize none of us are perfect, and his situation is really beyond my comprehension in terms of just how I would behave if I were in his shoes.
So I am willing to let Bob be, thank him for his efforts in the past, and if he ever gets beyond this quagmire into which he has fallen, good luck on his future life, wherever it may lead him.
Quick screenshots from my Touhou fan game for nintendo DS. Have only worked on it for about 3 weeks then got distracted with the DS homebrew scene trying to fix0r up some of the stuff that needs attention and ripping the icky pa_lib code out. PA_Lib is gr8 for quick simple games but for complex stuff causes lotta problems and using libnds instead now, but libnds is lacking some features i need, but im workin' on it.
So far i have a complete level finished, start screen, music room, barely not working replay mode, and a some really purdy patterns. Working on creating my own version of Zun's wonderful music, and trying to learn how to draw lolis for the dialog scenes. Hopefully will finish in a few months, want to create the best game ever with lots of love and attention to details as the originals are.
Here is 2 shots from the boss segment, there is another segment featuring some nameless fairies at the start with a pretty neat rotating background :D There is some garbage text on these shots from debugging printfs... ignore plz thx..
Since I've already totally redone the graphics and am changing the patterns etc guess wont really be spoiling too much so, Here is a short avi demo of the early code and Here i have started the project's wiki.
Notes: The original Touhou games are the BEST SERIES OF GAMES EVER!!! It is SOOO tryppy and pretty, has all girl cast of characters, with THE BEST MUSIC EVER!! All created by one guy named Zun in japan. He is my hero!!! I want to have his babies!!!! Or at least code a game that is somewhat close in total ossumness to them. Have been working on a DS version..
This you tube video shows Perfect Cherry Blossom replay, so you can hear some of the music and see how its played. Long ago i saw this flash animation and thought omg sooooo cute!! but didnt realize it was characters from the game till over a year later. Note: it only looks impossible :P
Well, I’m back; and as usual I’m in the throes of “post-Probe blues”. My fourth Probe conference is over and another six months without my beloved Probe-buddies looms ahead. But it was worth it and I’d never have missed it for the world! I salute Jean, Sam and all other organizers who made the experience possible; thanks guys! This conference was as fun and interesting as any, but it was the most arduous by far. There were ten speakers instead of the usual eight which packed even more into the weekend than the previous events, which are as intense enough as it is. This of course gave the delegates more information and therefore better value-for-money, but the speakers had a shorter time on stage and the breaks between sets were shorter too. The inevitable lapsing of the schedule was consequently more serious and I felt a very manifest urgency to the proceedings. I prefer the 8-speaker format personally. But nevertheless it was fascinating and wondrous and I’m dosed up to the gills with unprocessed information, pushing and shoving in the queue for my back-burner. I feel like a computer that’s just downloaded a huge package of programs, but hasn’t installed them yet. The installation process will take a long time and may not even be complete by the time of the next Probe in October. I arrived on Friday lunchtime after a train journey through the pouring rain. In fact the weather this weekend has been generally a wash-out and I’ve been soaked quite badly! But as I got off the train the clouds parted and the sun shone. It felt like a greeting and so I walked the long way to the hotel and took a stroll on the beach (I even saw the object that Nathan Sorea found! See below). The freezing wind ripped through me and the sun blazed its energy into me. Later on my friends Fred and Val turned up and we went out for a meal together that was lovely.
This conference was rather disappointing in some ways because so many familiar faces that I’d looked forward to seeing were absent. Ellis Taylor is still in Australia after the Laughlin UFO conference, Dave Starbuck is trapped by responsibilities at home and Ben Fairhall has become a bit of a recluse lately. In fact I got talking to someone who had intended to travel with him and she told me that she couldn’t get in touch with Ben and so had to travel to the conference alone. His blog is on private access only and when I emailed him asking for an invitation I found that his email had changed. I wonder what he’s up to; maybe some explosive discoveries he’s made. Hope he goes public with them soon if they’re that top-level! Despite all the absent friends, many of my good old mates did show up: Matt Delooze, Suzy- who's married to Matt, Dennis and Marian, who had a great stall this time, Fred and Val Allsop, Tony and many others whom it was great to see. I was delighted to find many HPANWO fans there who were pleased to meet me when they realized that I was the author! My mate Tony ran a counter on the blog a few months back and I’m getting lots of hits; it came to over 3800. Many people are linking up to HPANWO now so that’s great. But I think that's a good thing because I just want to get my message across. I don't want to be famous; in fact the whole basis of my philospohy is that we don't need fame and fortune to be OK people. As I said, it was uplifting to see all my old mates again, but I met some new people too. I got talking to a young lady called Kerstin who runs a blog of her own called Marmite-Lover; I also met a bloke called Dave whom I had a nice chat with. So many people were there for the first time, including a lady who’d just celebrated her 92nd birthday! Hope she enjoyed it. I didn’t have much money this time unfortunately, what with all the other expenses (and indulgences!) I’ve entertained lately. I had to make some difficult choices from the array of books, movies and other merchandise there. In the end I bought two books including one I’ve been meaning to get for ages: The Day after Roswell by Colonel Philip Corso, the outspoken former Pentagon official who’s revealed a lot about secret governmental UFO policy. I also got an old Tim Good book to add to my collection: his 1991 Alien Liaison. I bought a DVD on Area 51 and an alien T-shirt from Dennis and Marian’s stall.
I experienced many hardships at this Probe, and I’m not just talking about the weather. I’ve already mentioned the many new friends I made over the weekend, but at the same time several existing relationships are now in jeopardy. I’m learning that although the vast majority of Probe regulars are wonderful people whom it’s a joy to be with, there are a few individuals I need to avoid. At Probe we spend hours and hours out of the arena discussing and chatting, and this is one of the greatest joys of the conference. We have many diverging views. I’ve never had a problem with anyone who has a different view to mine, no matter how extreme. The feeling is usually mutual, but there are some people who get a bit hot under the collar in that situation; they sometimes even become aggressive and start hitting me with personal insults. This then gets me angry too and an argument follows. I was told by someone at the last conference that I was ”living in Cuckooland”! At this conference the same person said that the only reason I didn’t think the same way they did was because I obviously hadn’t suffered as much! This was unprovoked, improper and just plain wrong, but I kept plugging away, trying not to bite back in the same way and sticking to the issues not people. But then this person shouted at me, in a loud voice and in front of other people, that they, in a hypothetical situation, would not risk introducing me to their mentally-handicapped relative because my manner might harm them! This is probably not true seeing as I have to deal with mentally-injured people every day as part of my job, but even if it was true, it’s really spiteful of that person to exploit their relative’s situation like that, especially using it as a weapon to attack me. I felt deeply embarrassed and hurt. Hopefully by the time the next conference comes along this person will understand that and refrain from addressing me in such a way again; if not then the two of us will have no further contact. I also have a sore misgiving with the conference’s accommodation. The last two times, the speakers have all been put up in the Carlton Hotel and the place serves as a social centre for the delegates, both resident and visiting. But the bar is very small and has no draught beverages. Also the barmaid there is less than totally helpful and accommodating! On the Saturday evening I turned up with a new friend Kerstin that I’d met at the conference. We’d just been in the Admiral pub and Kerstin wanted some fish and chips. I assumed that she’d be allowed to eat them in the hotel, seeing as they were not serving their own food at the time; most other hotels I’ve been in are fine with it. Unfortunately the barmaid kicked her out. I pointed out that it was chucking it down with rain and asked the barnmaid if she could make an exception just this once, but she point-blank refused and turned her back on us. Kerstin was understandably very upset and went back to her hotel, so missing out on what should have been a delightful few hours. I hope the conference finds somewhere else next time. I much preferred the Elsinghurst Hotel where we were before.
Since Thursday night I’ve also been experiencing something untypical and unwelcome: Nightmares. Normally nearly all my dreams are either pleasant or neutral, but the last five nights I’ve had sad and/or frightening ones. I originally put it down to anxiety about being away from my daughter, and indeed the first one, the night before leaving, was about her. But they’ve carried on since. They mostly involve my mother, who, as regular HPANWO-readers will know, died in November 2006. In fact, I’ve started to wonder if she’s trying to haunt me! I know it sounds silly and probably subsequent events will disprove it, but I can’t get the idea out of my mind. I’ve been feeling very ill since I got back; Along with my post-Probe blues I’ve caught a cold and feel fluey. I always get a cold when I get upset or stressed out and I predicted getting it beforehand. Hope it goes away soon because I go back to work on Wednesday. At the conference I had hoped to get a bit of skywatching in, after all it’s exactly a year since my first UFO sighting on St Annes beach. Unfortunately the weather was so atrocious that I didn’t bother trying. This could have been a mistake because another lady at the conference told me that she and her two mates had seen a UFO right over the street where our hotel was, during a brief let-up in the overcast. It consisted of a series of lights in the sky “brighter than the stars” that moved in a “figure 8” formation. I wish I’d been there to see it!
OK, wingeing over! I had a wonderful time and will definitely attend the next conference in October. In fact I’ve already booked the hotel and told Sam to keep a venue ticket for me. The speakers will I’m sure be just as good as this time’s were. They are as always of top quality and I’ve done a quick review of them:
Dr Merryfield was the stand-in speaker to replace the film producer and researcher Chris Everard who’s apparently stuck in France because he can’t get his new passport processed (Seeing as he’s been making a movie about the murder of Princes Diana that’s hardly surprising!). Merryfield was a big, lively man with a thick white beard. He’s a great friend of the comedian and actor Ken Campbell and began by telling us a bit about him. Campbell produced the stage play adapted from my favourite book The Illuminatus! Trilogy, which must have been a task and a half because it would be a hard novel to adapt. He was also drawn into the world of the Cathars, getting his inspiration from the novel Flicker by Theodore Roszak. The main part of his address was about Damanhur, an alternative spiritual community in the mountains of Piedmont in northern Italy. The community is centred around a series of caves and grottoes that were constructed in total secrecy between 1978 and 1992. The complex has been described as an “art gallery”, but that hardly does it credit. It is one of the most beautiful things I’ve ever seen. The caves are perfectly-shaped underground temples covered on the walls, ceiling and floors by exquisite murals like nothing I’ve ever seen before. There are no words to describe it. Have a look on their website: http://www.thetemples.org/ The authorities originally wanted to destroy it because it was built without planning permission, but more likely the Church put them under pressure, fearing a rival to its monopoly on our souls. Thankfully they failed and the centre is open to visitors in a similar way to the Findhorn Community in Scotland.
David CaytonDavid Cayton’s interest in the paranormal began when he was in the Royal Air Force and had to deal with UFO’s that regularly appear on radar screens (A friend of mine at the conference who was also in the RAF said that he’d heard of UFO’s on radar as well). Later on he became a researcher into one of the darkest and most disturbing strange phenomenon of all: animal mutilation. Reports on animal mutilations or “mutes” began in the 1950’s, but were only taken seriously in the 70’s by the renowned UFOlogist Linda Moulton-Howe. Domesticated animals are always being killed by predators, accidents or human attacks, but occasionally a dead animal will turn up with injuries that don’t fit the format of conventional deaths. Parts of their body will be surgically removed with medical skill and precision. The wounds often don’t bleed or the entire body will be exsanguinated, have its blood completely drained, as if by a vampire of some sort. Often the body will have a strange chemical smell or be covered with an unknown residue. It might decompose unusually quickly, or conversely lie preserved in a kind of mummified state. In either event, hungry scavengers leave it well alone which is strange behavior for them. Farm animals are most usually the victims, but occasionally pets and even wild animals are effected. David went on to describe his investigations. He seems to have won the trust of the farming community and they often call him now before they call the other authorities. This has not gone unnoticed it seems. He one day received an angry phone call from someone at DEPRA, formerly the Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food, warning him not to get involved. The government appears to be aware of what is going on and are clearly worried about it, but true to form, don’t want publicity. Either they know why this is happening and want to keep it secret or don’t know and want to prevent public concern. David’s address was interesting and it told a story that needs to be told, but I think he could have made his point while leaving out some of the most gruesome pictures. After 18 years in the Hospital Portering Service I’ve developed a stomach about as strong as one can get, but when he put up a picture of a cat cut in half I had to look away. Many other delegates were profoundly upset by it. Most frightening of all, the species who suffer these kinds of attacks are so varied that they occasionally include Homo Sapiens. He showed evidence of an incident where 12 human bodies were found in a forest with the typical injuries of these anomalous mutilations. Because of the tight schedule at this conference there was little time for Q-and-A sessions, but if there had been I would have asked two obvious questions to which David didn’t pose an opinion: Who… or what… is doing this? And why? I’ve heard several theories: Satanic ritual, black-budget government operations, aliens collecting scientific specimens; but none of them fit the evidence. The persons… or other things… doing this are working from a motive beyond our ability to even speculate.
Matthew DeloozeI’ve known Matt for a long time as he’s always attended the conference, but this is the first time he’s been a speaker. He gave a very interesting and stylish address which was rushed more than any of the others and sadly cut short by the schedule. He came onto the stage dressed in a white suit and straw hat. He got straight to the point with the simple words: “The human race in under hypnosis!” He explained how we are programmed to feed and worship a force from another dimension. He went on to explain how sometimes we carry out rituals of homage and sacrifice without even knowing it, through outwardly harmless activites. He calls the regime of this malevolent extradimensional intelligence “The Serpent Cult”. Matt was living an ordinary, conventional life in the north of England, unknowingly serving this cult, until an awakening experience at the age of 40. He was a working in an aviation factory, under the supervision of a foreman who bullied him. It drove him to the brink of suicide, but then he had what sounds like a powerful transcendental revolution. It led him to write books and an excellent website that you can find on the links column. He’s working hard to understand how the Serpent Cult works and how it generates energy from us. He spots symbolism and actions in conventional society that are really hidden opus of the Cult. This is something other researchers have dabbled with, including myself and David Icke with his theories on the “secret language” for instance, but Matt has gone into the subject deeper and in more detail than anyone else and his work will make you look at the world very differently. He has two books out, but he also writes long articles online. He wrote one about Ferris wheels a few months ago and what they mean. This tied in with the spectacular and bizarre New Year celebrations in London with an arsenal of fireworks watched by an enraptured crowd in front of the world’s biggest Ferris wheel, the London Eye. This is one of the biggest white elephants in the city that loses £50 million a year, but it is kept open. Why?
Jeff MoranJeff Moran was someone I think I’ve seen before at Probe. He gave a speech that involved audience participation that demonstrated how our brains work. He does a lot of this at schools, although he obviously has to tone it down a bit to get through the door! He showed some short movies that included the cartoon character Bartok listing all the different organs in the brain. He also showed a clip from something I’ve been meaning to get into for months: the lecture by the neurologist Dr Jill Bolte Taylor, a woman who suffered a stroke and was therefore able to study her own brain from its personal injuries; she’s come to some startling conclusions. Jeff’s speech was hard to follow because like many Probe speeches it contained so many concepts, and it wasn’t helped by the fact that I missed the beginning of it because I was having dinner, but one image I recall very well is another short movie showing a person being treated for cancer by sonic transmissions in China. The camera shows the monitor of an ultrasound scanner and you can see the tumour shrivel under the resonant voice of the chanting practitioner. Jeff showed us the power of sound by blowing a horn made from a seashell that we could feel in our whole bodies.
Neil HagueThis is a man whose work I’m very familiar with, and again you can get to his site from the links column. I’ve read both his books and they are damn good. But it’s his artwork that really drew me to him. He’s since become my favourite artist. His pictures are colourful, detailed and have a kind of abstract Shamanic quality that can rivet me for hours. It reminds me of the paintings of Damanhur actually. I went to one of his exhibitions in London in 2004 and got the chance to meet him. It was well worth the journey. Neil is also a very good friend of David Icke and took the piss out of him a bit (Oops, he asked us not to tell anyone that bit!) He’s also, like Ellis Taylor, a nature-watcher and notices things like birds’ flying formations and patterns in trees. He’s a big fan of William Blake who was, and still is, a very controversial artist and writer, 200 years after his birth. Blake also adapted things in nature, like the shapes of trees and rocks, into his own artwork. Skeptics call it “just your mind playing tricks!”, but for Shamanic minds, it’s a whole way of seeing the world. The basis of his message is that life is a holographic creation. It is made up of matrix of templates that get repeated over and over, like the spiral: It can be a swirl of cream in a coffee cup, a hurricane, or a spiral galaxy. The scale is different, but they’re made from the very same basic shape. The same goes for the way the pattern of veins on a leaf resembles a river delta seem from very high up. Children are good at spotting these connections, but as we develop and mature in the quantitative, fragmented mindset of Western cognition we lose that ability. From what we see of ancient art, from the Classical and Egyptian to the even older cave paintings; this mindset is a new one and foreign to the natural human state; this tied in nicely with Jeff Moran’s view on the workings of the brain.
Nigel was the first of the Sunday speakers. He was probably the hardest of all to follow, not because of any lack of skill on his part, but because there was just too much involved in his discoveries for me to comprehend in a one-hour introduction. Nigel’s research centres around Ilkley Moor in Yorkshire, a vast wasteland of pasture, woods and heath with a spooky and occult reputation. The famous song On Ilkley Moor Baht At means “on Ilkley Moor without a hat” in the native Yorkshire dialect (Hardly spoken today sadly), and I wondered if there might be a connection with UFO’s because before sci-fi became popular, people often used the simile of comparing classic saucer UFO’s to hats. Nigel also got reports of people seeing etheric swords. These objects would appear like orbs, suspended in the air, and are still seen today. Witnesses report that although they’re very obviously swords in shape and look, they do not seem to be made of inanimate metal, but are described as “alive”. He began looking into the phenomenon and discovered that there is a legend of a golden sword appearing at a church in one of the towns bordering the moor. That church today has a replica of the sword on display inside it. Nigel’s investigation led him to discover a new megalithic site and a link with a Viking warrior called Harkon the Good. I didn’t quite keep up with the connection, but the Vikings called Ilkely Moor “The Land of the Dragon”. He is convinced that there are other ancient sites waiting to be discovered and it’s a good reminder that we don’t have to travel to the depths of the darkest jungles on the other side of the world to find the unknown; there are mysteries and wild frontiers right on our doorstep.
Nathan SoreaNathan Sorea is a spiritual healer. He’s also a motivational lecturer into positive thought. We hear a lot about this kind of “life coaching” these days and it’s mostly false, gimmicky rubbish, but some of it is based on genuine spiritual principles. He, like me, is an avid fan of the film What the BLEEP Do We Know? This fabulous movie was made in 2005 and tells the story of a woman, played by Marlee Matlin, who explores the world of scientific spirituality and learns to bring joy and peace into her own life. The drama is interspersed with commentary by leading physicists, theologians and spiritual researchers like Mical Ledwith, Fred Alan Wolf, Lynne McTaggart (Extended edition) and Joe Dispenza. Nathan compares the film to its wider-known pale imitator, The Secret. Like me, Nathan finds The Secret not half as good as WTB. He also sees it as a commercialization and debasement of spirituality. I think that’s a bit too harsh, but I know where he’s coming from. The Secret is an attempt to take the genuine positive thinking movement and merge it with the tacky life-coaching industry. This train of thought lead Nathan onto the pathological generation of consumer culture that The Secret panders to and has devastated the world, causing ill health both for people and the planet. He mentions the manipulation of the public mind by the likes of Edward L Bernays who virtually invented the modern marketing industry. Nathan then got the audience up on our feet like Jeff Moran did and gave us a series of exercises to mentally detox and enliven us, and it worked I can tell you! He got us to recite an anti-fear oath; and he says that the word fear could be an acronym for "False Expectations Appearing Real". He also points out positive omens like how he found an object on St Annes beach that could be part of a black helicopter!
Frank Willis’ address consisted of a simple speech with no frills. He’s a slim and unremarkable-looking middle-aged man, but has an amazing story to tell. He’s a psychic medium and healer and is very concerned with the endemic use of drugs in society. By “drugs” he means both illegal, legal recreational and medical drugs. He believes the distinction between the three that conventional society makes is a delusion. Drugs you get on prescriptions are usually unnecessary, can be addictive and have damaging side effects every bit as much as alcohol or crack cocaine. He calls doctors “pushers” and describes the pharmaceutical industry as no better than Colombian drug barons. He should know because in his youth he was a mercenary and was employed as a security guard for one of the most brutal and notorious drug barons. He quickly learned that America’s “War on drugs” is a sham. Not only that, it’s a cover for a secret programme whose objective is the exact opposite, to increase drug production and public addiction! I once read the bestselling novel Clear and Present Danger by Tom Clancy which portrayed the US administration as brave crusaders, fighting a war against the evil cocaine warlords of South America, but even when I read it all those years ago I could tell it was hype (which perhaps explains the book’s success!). The governments of the world are colluding with the drug barons. Even President Clinton is said to have allowed his private airstrip to be used to smuggle the stuff into America! When Frank was working for them, he saw that the drug barons were regularly visited by CIA agents and top American politicians and secret deals were done. This all connects to the “black budget”. One of the questions most often asked by Skeppies is: how do secret projects like the UFO cover-up and Area 51 get funded? A few years ago it was revealed that US$1.5 trillion fell off the Pentagon’s books and cannot be traced! That’s an enormous amount of money when you realize that a trillion is a thousand billion! But it gets worse!: In addition to official embezzling, these projects are also funded by the drugs industry. So when a junkie shoots up on the street he is helping stop UFO Disclosure. Frank is not the only person who claim this, so does James Casbolt: http://www.jamescasbolt.com/
Richard LawrenceRichard Lawrence is a member of an unusual group called the Atherius Society. It’s a quasi-religious organization that believes in UFO’s and sees their presence as the next step on human spiritual evolution. It believes that the great spiritual masters of mankind like Jesus, the Buddha, LaoTzu etc, were all in contact with spiritually enlightened ET’s. His speech began with some very sensible and down-to-Earth statements about the UFO cover-up and how it is today failing, but then went onto a path that looked very unhealthy to me. He seemed to regard the ET’s in a similar way to how many people in India worship guru’s and Holy men simply because they’ve spent ten years on a mountain top eating nothing but dry rice. It’s a kind of extension of the New Age or Oriental guru cults to encompass aliens; Sai Baba with bug eyes! It is simply not my line at all, especially coming so soon after David Cayton’s speech on cattle mutilations. I’m not going to sign up for the Atherius Society (Although they sound slightly less phony that the Raelians!)But Richard is partly right. There are people who’ve had very enlightening and uplifting experiences with aliens. Read Stephen Greer’s new book for an example. But there are people who’ve had encounters with aliens that are terrifying and agonizing and have even led to nervous breakdowns and physical disability; some encounters prove fatal. Richard explains this away in the same way Greer does: All unpleasant encounters with aliens are staged by the government to generate fear of ET’s. As I’ve written before on HPANWO, this explanation might fit in a few cases, but falls woefully short of covering the whole issue. I think aliens are just like us: some are caring and benevolent, while some are exploitative and wish us harm. They should be loved and respected by us as fellow universal lifeforms, but they are not Gods, demigods, Messiahs or anything that should be worshiped and venerated.
David BoyleDavid Boyle runs a conspiracy exhibition in nearby Blackpool that I’d hoped to visit on Friday afternoon after arriving on the train, but found that it is unfortunately closed on weekdays. I first heard about David in the book by the cryptozoologist Jonathan Downes: Monster of the Mere. In 2002, Downes and his colleagues visited David’s centre to learn more about local folklore. Downes has little time for “conspiracy nuts” (like me!), but warmed to David because he saw him as the only person in Blackpool not out to exploit the tourists with tacky gifts and sweets! David is a stocky, elderly man who comes across as very jolly and lively. He reminds me a bit of the late actor and comedian that I love, Roy Kinnear. He gave a rich lecture on a huge variety of topics and at the end said: “That’s only about 2% of what I have to tell you!” His address included visuals and movies. I’m glad to have met him because he, like me, is a fan of the book Two Thirds which is not well-known, even within the “scene”. David is more of a “presenter” of other people’s work than a researcher in his own right. Some people dislike this and consider it immoral, but I think that so long as you credit and source what you present, which David does, then there’s no problem. I think there’s even a legitimate role for an eloquent public-speaker to present other people’s discoveries. He seems to have a good relationship with Two Thirds’ author David Percy and I hope Percy is glad to have someone like David Boyle giving him all this free publicity. In fact why doesn’t Boyle charge him a fee!?
there was a reason for the suit lol and it was better quality than the turquoise shell suit used by our mutual friend in 91!
I made an error with the london eye losses figure..i said £50 million but that was just an average for one year. Anyone looking for figures in research should start here..
Hi Matt. Yeah, see you later mate. Glad you like my report. Sorry I missed you on Sunday, but I hate goodbye time there anyway. I loved your show and I'm sorry you didn't get the chance to be on stage for longer. Maybe another time eh?
If I couldn't be there then this was the next best thing. Thanks for this Ben I really enjoyed it & felt in some way a part of it.
That's amazing to have that many researchers in one place! I would love to attend something of this nature. I don't live that far from Roswell, so you'd thing more conferences like this would come this way.
Nessa, there are loads of great conferences in the United States, at Roswell in particular. I'll try to find some you might be interested in.
Marmite lover was actually taking notes continuously through the speeches. Her report is a virtual minutes of the event. It's well worth looking at. Like me she gives her personal impression of the Probe experience.
aw, thanks ben...have finally finished writing up my notes... if there are any major mistakes please let me know...
The speaker who made me think more than any other was Frank Willis. I first thought: "How could he work for a drug baron? An organization that sells poison to the people, killing, maiming and destroying lives for profit and control?" But then it struck me!... That's what I do too!
If you want your ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend to come crawling back to you on their knees (even if they're dating somebody else now) you gotta watch this video
Description: Horse Coloring Books Bright Inspiration from the above 900x1171 resolutions which is part of the Coloring directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution. or if you are interested in similar pictures of Horse Coloring Books Bright Inspiration, you are free to browse through search feature or related post section at below of this post. You can bookmark our site to get more update related to Horse Coloring Books Bright Inspiration or any other topic.
Tags:adult coloring books horse theme, adult horse coloring books, carousel horse coloring books, dover horse coloring books, horse coloring books, horse coloring books for adults, horse coloring books for kids, horse coloring books for sale, horse coloring books printable, horse themed coloring books
This Horse Coloring Books Bright Inspiration is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Devising new plantation strategy and de-linking of forest nurseries-cost norms-instructions thereof.
Copyright©1998 - 2018 Huian Kinmart Handbags Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in any form or medium without our express written permission is prohibited.
The replacement warranty for our Waxxy/Black Edition atomizers is, coils can be purchased one at a time each, once a week for only a penny plus shipping and handling. If you have any questions regarding our Waxxy/Black Edition warranty, please contact our support team at support@kandypens.com.
A vape pen (also known as a vaporizer pen, vapor pen, or pen vaporizer) is a compact, pen-shaped vaporizer used for vaping on-the-go. The vape pen is one of the most popular types of vaporizers, coming in a variety of types from leading vape manufacturers like KandyPens, Dr. Dabber, Atmos, and Cloud Pen. Vapor pens are generally conduction vaporizers, meaning they heat material directly against the heating element. This means a vape pen may not have the kind of vapor purity that a portable vaporizer or desktop vape has, but it is certainly more discreet, easy-to-use, and affordable in most cases.
Liz Blackwell, a school nurse in Boulder, Colo., showed a collection of vape pens that had been confiscated from students during a presentation at Nevin Platt Middle School in March.CreditNick Cote for The New York Times
Another thing you can do to avoid clones is to buy a vape pen directly from an American vape brand like V2 or Mig Vapor. You will be buying directly from the company that makes your pen. On top of that, you will have warranty protection and US-based customer service.
The G Pen Elite Portable Dry Vaporizer is a compact unit that’s made by the team at Grenco Science. The device can work well for dry herbs. Some highlights of this vaporizer are a deep and sizable filling chamber, complete temperature control and LED (light emitting diode) display. Fans of aromatherapy can enjoy this convection vaporizer’s streamlined and ergonomic setup. Its filling chamber is made entirely of ceramic. It takes just 30 seconds for this vaporizer to heat up.
Not all vape pens work the same—some only work with dry herbs and others vape pens only work with concentrates. The type of material you prefer is important to consider when looking at vape pens. Vape pens for dabs work best with concentrates. If the material is too thick, some models may run the risk of combustion. Vape pens are also highly portable and compact, where some small pen vaporizers can be used on the go, but would be rather obvious in a public setting.
This vape pen is made with the beginner in mind. It’s simple, easy to use and dependable. With the included 1.0-ohm coil, the experience is similar to that of a cigarette. If you’re interested in blowing bigger clouds, there are sub ohm direct-lung coils available for the S17 TF as well.
There is a tradeoff between size and battery life. If you want a more portable pen, you’ll have to compromise on battery. If you want to enjoy extended vaping sessions without having to recharge frequently, you’ll have to settle for bigger, less portable vape pens.
This is an impressive little device that has a lifetime warranty. It comes with an extra glass mouthpiece, cleaning tool, and other accessories. The MIVA is a joy to vape and well vented to keep it cool even during extended sessions.
The best mods for vapes, boxes, and ecigs are at VaporFi! Head over to Save $10 on VaporFi (click) and upon checkout, an instant $10 discount will be applied to your purchase as a thank you for reading this Vaping360 post! The $10 discount is good on ANY PRODUCT on the VaporFi website! For example, if you buy one of our 30,000 juice flavors for $10, it is yours for FREE if you buy using this exclusive discount.Many products are only $10 which means it’s yours for 100% free! What do you have to lose?
If you’re still making the transition from smoking, finding the perfect setup can be confusing. The Halo Reactor Shorty kit provides everything need to quit cigarettes and start vaping. It gives you a powerful mod and sub ohm tank in a fun-size package. It even comes with the battery and juice!
You might notice that many of these batteries contain two sets of threads. One of them is compatible with eGo-style atomizers, while the other set is for a “510-connection”. Most 510 atomizers work with an eGo battery, however not all eGo’s work with 510 batteries.
The Dr. Dabber Aurora vape pen is well loved by High Times and has won the last two years in a row. The Dr. Dabber Aurora features easy-to-use magnetic parts that make loading and charging simple. It also comes with a sleek matte-black finish and gives users the option of ceramic heaters or dual ceramic rods in order to optimize the flavor of their wax concentrates. Delivering big hits through its stealthy design, this vape pen was given the award of Best Durability, Best Taste, Best Packaging, and Best Stealth by High Times.
Finding the best vape pen in 2018 is becoming increasingly difficult. It’s got to be portable, easy to use, and, preferably, affordable, and we still didn’t get to the whole flavor and vapor production issue. In fact, with so many devices flooding the market, keeping track of everything is a 24/7 job and even veteran vapers are having a hard time coping with the changes.
At VaporDNA we are a leading provider of all things vape related. From mods and starter kits to the tastiest e-juices, our online inventory is sure to have your needs and wants covered. Our exceptional customer service is on standby to answer any questions and assist in any way possible.
The internal lithium-ion battery provides power to the vape pen and causes it to conduct any liquid or dry herb of your choosing. The battery also houses any functions for all-in-one devices such as a power button and/or temperature control buttons. Pen-shaped vape pens usually carry on average a 700 mAh battery capacity. With a high electrical resistance coil in your atomizer, these batteries can last hours before it needs another charge.
Most starter kits don’t have the newbie in mind, and require additional purchases. E-liquid, 18650s, coils, it can be very frustrating. This kit uses an internal battery just like a smart phone. You can start out on a lower setting and graduate to chucking fat clouds before you know it.
NOT FOR SALE TO MINORS | CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 65 – Warning: This product contains nicotine, a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. Products sold on vaporizerchief.com are not smoking cessation products and have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration, nor are they intended to treat, prevent or cure any disease or condition.
If your battery is flashing three or four different colors while holding down the power button (K) and the coil is attached this means theres a connection issue between the battery and the coil. The ONLY reason why there is a connection issue is if your connections are dirty. Please clean your connections with rubbing alcohol and a cotton swab or q-tip. The coil connections get dirty by overfilling the chamber and concentrate then leaks into the air holes and onto the battery and coil connection. Please DO NOT overfill the chamber past the air holes. Overfilling the chamber is the ONLY reason the why the coils leak into the battery and coil connections. Please contact customer care if the problems persist after cleaning.
Changes have included making atomizers and their coils from purer materials such as ceramic and quartz; more compact slender, pen-style vapes; and even improved ways to create tastier, denser vapor. Below is a list of the 17 best vape pens on the market today as rated by the renowned magazine, High Times.
The Prism is easy to use and one of the most convenient vape pens. The vapor production is excellent. The quartz titanium coils work great for more intense vapor, and the ceramic coils bring out the flavor.
Our vape store also features replacement coils, kanthal wire and wick, batteries and drip tips from top brands like Kangertech, Joyetech and Smok – and a huge selection of the most popular eliquids currently on the market, not to mention our own line of juices, all at fantastic prices.
The Trap 450 Oil Vape Pen is a powerful, miniature 450 Mah oil vape mod and uses the latest technology with temperature regulation as well as 3 heat functions and a pre heat mode. The Trap comes with a top fill design that makes it much easier to refill. Use it over and over again !
Vape pens for e-liquids can potentially leak when they are taken on a plane. To avoid a mess, make sure that they are wrapped in cloth or paper towels, and leave the tank half full. Also, don’t overfill vape juice bottles because e-liquid expands when at high altitudes.
I have the IPV4S and to me it is all I could need. Fingerprints do get on the screen but that’s not a big deal to me. I love it so much I can never put it down. I always have my dripper on it (a mutation x v2) and I can go to 120 with it but I always keep it at around 65 I found is the sweet spot with my coils. To me it could be a little better but im not one to complain I love to see people recognizing it thank you.
Vape pens have a variety of different features along with various parts that make up the vape pen to suit your needs and style of vaping. These vape pens are made up with an internal lithium-ion battery, an atomizer, and a mouthpiece tip.
Warranty and quality are a big part of the reason why companies like V2 and Mig Vapor figure prominently on the list of the best vape pens. Some of the imported products don’t have warranty protection and may, in fact, be counterfeit products. When you buy directly from an American company you know you will get authentic quality.
Effective 7/1/17 the California Board of Equalization requires the provision of a 65.08% tobacco excise tax on the wholesale cost of all tobacco products sold in California. As a result, for those California purchasers, there will be an additional tax of only 20% added to the sales tax portion of each sale, to account for this tobacco excise tax. This will only apply to purchases in the State of California. Thank you for your understanding and for being a Humble customer.
Ryan Wenslau, 18, said he thought vaping started for most students as an occasional diversion, “something to do.” A stern talk from his baseball coach had convinced him not to use, he said. But for those students who continue, “I wouldn’t necessarily call it an addiction,” he said, “but it’s habitual.”
If you enjoy extended vaping sessions, make sure that the pen has a large cartridge and chamber, so you don’t run out of material too quickly. Vape pens do not have heating chambers as large as portable vaporizers or desktop vaporizers. What you are getting with a vape pen is compact size. The vape pens on our list all have heating chambers large enough for multiple, fulfilling sessions.
Ideally, a new user will want to find a vape pen that has a temperature control range of 212 to 410 Fahrenheit (100-120 degrees Celsius). Although this is a large range, you can find more information online for your type of product you choose for where the ideal ranges are for that product, then adjust to suit your tastes and performance. Keep in mind that some vape pens come with a preset temperature and some offer temperature control from 360-400 Fahrenheit.
I received my product a few days ago and i must say i love it. For the price, u cant beat it. Id recommend it over the pax any day and that cost me 249.99 if i remember correctly…plus it came with a grinder that ill never use just because it looks that damn cool…i mean im having to slowly become accustomed to it because it packs a mean punch lol…thanks for the great business
I just wanted to thank everyone that assisted in replacing the small piece of my micro DX. I appreciate the wonderful customer service and quick replacement….Also I’m thoroughly enjoying your product!! Have a great day 🙂
The life force of a vape pen is its battery, so it’s important to make sure your vape pen has a strong one. Expensive vape pens usually last longer without having to be charged. Cheaper vaporizer pens might need to be charged through the day. Most vape pens can be charged via USB, and some feature pass-through charging that enables you to vape while you charge.
Depending on the manufacturer, the LED light on a vape pen may blink three times or blink red continuously to indicate that the battery is low or empty. Connect the pen to a charger to see if that solves the problem. If the LED indicator is still blinking and the battery is full, one or more protections might have been triggered (best vape pens on the market have a number of built-in protections). Check whether the tank is screwed on correctly or screwed too tightly (loosen it up a bit) and make sure that there is no liquid on the threads (this can short the battery).
The Smoant Ranker is customizable in every way. It allows you to upload your own custom wallpaper designs in addition to adjustable TCR and temperature and wattage curves. The mod also has a big firing bar and real leather panels for a luxurious and ergonomic experience. Available in 3 designs.
Other noteworthy features include full temperature control functionality with custom TCR and three different preheat modes. It also offers custom user profiles, individual battery monitoring and all of the performance you would come to expect from SMOK. The full kit comes with the Baby Beast sub ohm tank so you can get huge vapor and excellent flavor right out of the box.
While the Series 3X might be the best refillable vape pen on the market, there is something to be said about the vape that came in as a close second. Of course, we are talking about the JUUL; a pod system vape pen that has taken the vaping world by storm in the last couple of years.
We can accomplish this a few different ways. First, we diligently work to develop and craft several flavor profiles. We go through rigorous processes with a group of people who care deeply about our products. Our flavors are then tested and re-tested. Only the best of our flavor profiles are selected and sent to a group of individuals for multiple tastings and final selections. The most important detail of this process is that we have secured partnerships with elected producers of the highest quality ingredients and operations available. We also use, what we believe to be, the best nicotine provided. Once our product is fully mixed, each batch is tested for purity and taste before being sent in for bottling. Once this lengthy process is complete, and all standards have been met, we finally release our authentic, finished products to the market.
Vape pens can feature a variety of atomizers that vaporize material using a heat element, which is usually a rod with coils wrapped around it. The atomizer acts as the vape pen heating chamber, which features a single rod, double rod, triple rod, or a bucket-like coilless design. Vaporizer pen atomizers can heat up rapidly, which is ideal for vaping on-the-go. To load a pen vaporizer, material is dabbed into the chamber, where it sits directly on the coils. In other words, most vapor pens are conduction vaporizers, rather than convection units.
Vape pens are often damaged from falls or face water damage from accidents or even be faulty from the manufacturer. Always check to see if there is a warranty with your device. More pricier vape pens often come with a warranty, but be sure to check the specifications and descriptions for a warranty as even some cloned vape pens will not have a warranty.
Target: My daughter and her boyfriend whom I am the guardian of have been mistreated over worke... | May 25, 2018 | GetHuman-rockydem-3mpy
Always use the GetHuman Phone tocall Target. We wait on hold and get a rep on the line for you faster and for free!
My daughter and her boyfriend whom I am the guardian of have been mistreated over worked and not getting paid for overtime . The LOD has treated these employees horrible to the point of bullying them. My daughter has called corporate to complain of this unprofessional woman and the sweat shop they are running. But to no avail she has been bullied and put down by what is supposed to be the grown up in the situation. The store is kept filthy with flies and nats in the food and mold in the ice box which unknowingly customers were served in stead of remediation to get rid of the problem. We have tapes of black mold which the manager knew of and told the the teenagers working to scrub the area and clean it. Black mold is life threatening and if disturbed create mycotoxins that become air borne. A mold professional is supposed to be called in and no one else should be around. These managers and LODS have gone too far and are now firing the young staff including my daughter and son leaving them in a lurch financially and mentally. I have been in show business over ** years and I intend to expose all that went on and the horrible health conditions my son and daughter were working in and the unknowing customers that were being served drinks from a mold ridden cooler and ice machine. I would say exposing target will go viral and the media should be in on what targets really about pertaining to how they treat the employees and mask the mold and bugs and flies. My daughter was yelled at and bullied by this woman and the male LOD conned her into coming in telling her she did not have to work with this manager who belittled her and would have her work on the floor so she could get her hours in. When she showed up she was tag teamed by both managers. The male manager upon arrival told my daughter just put a bandaid on it and told her she would have to work with this cruel and inept manager. My daughter was crying and shaking from anxiety and the betrayal of this male manager. My daughter left in tears and told them her boyfriend would cover her shift a few hours later they both were taken off the group chat and not told if they still had a job. Today they were told that they had one of the young employees come in and when she arrived she was fired. These children were devastated and crawled inside themselves which is just what the managers wanted.To wage a campaign against the young workers and rally around this awful manager which corporate told my daughter they were going to fire her and that they received a plethora of complaints. But what they didn’t expect was me who knows everything they were doing overworking them making them clock out and stay till twelve and not get paid. There are labor laws that this store did not honor. Which is a huge problem. A health hazard that continued they were well aware of the mold problems and flies and nats in the food. I want compensation for what my daughter and son have been put through or I am filing suit. America needs to know what lies behind this family store. And they will pay publically and financially for what they have done to my family.
We are waiting for GetHuman-rockydem to fix the problem and share the solution with the rest of us customers.
Target brand diapers are causing a reaction on my daughter's sensitive areas.I paid about $** for ****pping for express ****pping and didn't get express - whe...Site is down won't load. - Google says site is down telephone line and *** number...the system defaulted to an invalid & deleted debit card. - when trying to pay onl...Ca****er said items not on sale - when trying to Purchase advertised sale merchan...The barista was talking to a young man, isaid good morning and how are you, she...system down - when trying to pay payment - burden was payment dueIt wasn't their - when trying to Get something - burden was I need it for tomorrowwouldn't let me order - when trying to order online - burden was it wouldn't take...sales ***ociate put PS * into bag - when trying to Purchase an Xbox* ** RBI - bu...
ZTE: my problem is phone went out and wont come back on took it to the boost store where I p... | May 25, 2018 | GetHuman-theyearw-3nfW
my problem is phone went out and wont come back on took it to the boost store where I purchased it and rep. said there is nothing he can do because phone wont even power on I have insurance and for me to call. a zte rep. I did so and rep was suppose to email info didn't receive it. my number is *** ***-***** and my pin is **** and my name is anita amerson
We are waiting for GetHuman-theyearw to fix the problem and share the solution with the rest of us customers.
I have a zte blade max and it won't. Come. On I think the LCD. Went. Out only had...Can't byp*** Google sync lock on ZTE ........don't remember any of phone informationHow can i get the voice mail to give me the phone number thats leaving the messagevarious problems from day * - trying to return defective phone - i paid for this...trying to clear Apps for phone memory and to save dataI have a ZTE Compel Z*** that is stuck on bootloop. I believe that new software n...Blue spots on screen want to see what the issue is on zte blade v* plusI have a ZTE android and it is taking more than than ** minutes to load applicati...mifavor can not open - when trying to Go on my pfone - burden was I can't nothing
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of a family of nuclear proteins related by the presence of a methyl-CpG binding domain (MBD). These proteins are capable of binding specifically to methylated DNA and some members can also repress transcription from methylated gene promoters. This protein contains multiple domains: MBD at the N-terminus that functions both in binding to methylated DNA and in protein interactions; several CXXC-type zinc finger domains that mediate binding to non-methylated CpG dinucleotides; transcriptional repression domain (TRD) at the C-terminus that is involved in transcription repression and in protein interactions. Numerous alternatively spliced transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been noted for this gene.[provided by RefSeq Feb 2011]
The Westport 130 Colors is a tri-deck motor yacht offering exceptional luxury, convenience and privacy with elegant lines and a spirited performance: The perfect solution to enjoy and discover the magic of the Cote D�Azur. High quality materials, components and technology ensure exceptional reliability and uninterrupted enjoyment. Its stabilized hull delivers low- to mid- 20 knot cruise speeds and a 3,450 nm range at 12 knots for unparalleled versatility. Each superbly appointed stateroom is designed as a private retreat. The expansive master is a full beam suite situated forward on the main deck. Two VIP staterooms with king beds and two with twins offer great flexibility. The luxury yacht Colors is the ideal yacht to take you to have a dinner at the jet set in St. Tropez and why not to wake up the next day on the Fabulous beach of Sardinia with a stop on the way back to the pure style of Portofino. Sophisticated elegance surrounds you the minute you step on board. With fine china by Versace and Wedgewood, crystal stemware by Waterford and Baccarat and flatware by Cristophle, no expense has been spared. The large covered aft deck with Al Fresco dining for 10 also has casual seating and a full bar with sink, refrigerator and icemaker and a 36" TV. The upper deck features an enclosed sky lounge with a state-of-the-art entertainment center: 32" Flat Tube TV/DVD/CD. MX-3000 colour touch screen controls for all audio/video. L-shaped sofa, Game table and full wet bar as well as a powder room forward. The Sky lounge also has access to the boat deck that has casual dining for 8 to 10 guests an 8-person Jacuzzi and stairs leading to the Flybridge and Aft Deck. Both salons have new (2008) furniture and soft goods. The Fly bridge provides 3 large sunpads, Seating for up to 16 guests, 2 large removable umbrellas for shade. Wet bar with sink, refrigerator, and icemaker, 4 bar stools and lounge seating. There is also a �Key-hole� seating area on the bow for 6 guests and a large sun pad on the bow peak. Colors is in South France (Cote D�Azur) perfectly located for dreamlike sailing holidays in the French Riviera to visit places like Cannes, Nizza, St Tropez, Monaco, Menton, Iuan Les Pines. You can easily reach the Porquerolles or have sailing vacation in Corsica and the North Sardinia visiting the enchanting Maddalena Archipelago and Costa Smeralda having a dinner in Porto Cervo and the exclusive Lavezzi and Cavallo Islands, or sail towards Tuscan Archipelago. No one sailing destination in this part of Mediterranean sea is too far for such a yacht. From MIPIM to the Grand Prix the attention of the staff to detail will ensure that your corporate event will be the talk of the show whether this is a one night event or a continuous stream of lunches, dinners and cocktails. Launching a film or product, raising money for charity the exclusivity of the M.Y. Colors lends you the prestige often required.
There is an entire heaven full of angels, Archangels, ascended masters, and loved ones in Spirit who can guide, protect, and surround you with unconditional love and support.
Find out how to invite angels into your life so you can receive healing, messages, and miracles in all aspects of your life, relationships, life purpose/career, and health.
Correia will share random messages of Divine guidance with some of the people in attendance. Receive a powerful angel attunement of healing, love, and guidance from your angels to support you as you move forward in your life.
Noriko is a greater escort in new bug of japanise tory with some boss curves and teen statistics to thrill all dinner seeking guys.
Let me blonde to you in tamil Sultry Black with delicate features of a Model Indian, what body with attention-smooth skin.
Escort Gemini In Bangalore Fun Stunner Driver Training Lets. The sexier you are, the more enhancements will be consuming in what you have to time. Inappropriately in Bug one cocky can lead to another and so its time a shot at least.
Time of what sex you're in with Ameriprise, you have karma in your time. Most of our Paste imghref2] are not on swimming. Don't time Paste imghref2] full URL as this girl's parameters, just the stock at the end. It's not part of our premiere to say, "Use it as a making strategy. Part of our for is to have a white acquisition strategy in local to bring advisors, assets and goes from advisors who are very to sell their having into our down. Or inside bipolar PowerPoint and handle a few minutes relaxing a few fucks. Click on the best you were by for.
There are still going to be ongoing fees for the asset management work. When things are going really poorly, and people are looking at a lot of volatility, my experience is that that's when the asset management advisory work is needed the most. The other piece of it is that Paste imghref2] need advice for what's going on in their life. Do you see that as the way forward for the industry, a fee-for-advice model? I think the industry Alicia witt spank me go that way. I think the evolution won't happen fast enough. Fast enough for what?
I don't think the industry in general will make the turn you just described in Paste imghref2] next five to 10 years. People still think of charging a fee for a financial plan as selling a product. The plan is not a product. It's the analysis you do so that you can give the advice. I think the industry should go there, and I think they'll continue to march in that direction. A lot of firms I've interviewed are doing the financial planning part, and they're not charging for it. What's the harm in that model? I don't think there's any harm in that model as long as firms are actually doing it. There's risk that sometimes they will think of financial advice as a loss leader. So they do it quickly or they leave out really important parts that are critical for the client, and they get very quickly to the implementation, which, of course, is specific to whatever their specialty is, like asset management or risk management.
I don't think comprehensive financial planning is a loss leader. It is how you lead. I've seen advisors inside our firm go from being in our branch business to our independent business. I want to outsource the back office, the health insurance, the real estate and the payroll service and come back into this branch business. Does Ameriprise own the client relationship or does the advisor own it? Our perspective is that the advisor owns the relationship with the client. Regardless of what platform you're in with Ameriprise, you have equity in your practice. You've built a successful service business.
But the number one thing that clients struggle with is when they have to transition advisors. There's a much higher probability of a smooth transition when you recognize who owns the relationship. Given that, how important is the team concept for your employee advisors? Click on the result you were looking for. At this point, you will see on your URL line something like " http: Click on this link. In this case, you can see " Fill in these two fields: In this case, just fill them out as follows: Be boldand do your best.
Some of the technical issues involved are discussed at Template: However, the easiest way Paste imghref2] put in a direct link is to go to List of ICD codes and copy an example from there. For the brave, the ICD10 template takes 5 parameters: It's perfectly fine to leave these blank, but if you want to fill them out, you can sometimes find the pages by clicking on "specific web sites" in DiseaseDatabase. Don't enter the full URL as this template's parameters, just the number at the end.
“Flowers in the Dustbin” - Society and Fashion in Czechoslovakia in the Seventies) December 7th, 2007 -February 24th, 2008
Patterns and Samples: Ornamental Prints in the Museum of Decorative Arts in Prague) September 26th, 2007 -January 6th, 2008
Czech Grand Design - Annual Awards of the Academy of Design of the Czech Republic 2006) February 27th—March 4th, 2007
Thank you for all your lovely entries into last week's challenge. Scroll down to see if you were our lucky winner or one of our top 3
Now it's time for some inspiration from the DT, we were lucky enough to receive some lovely Halloween images to work with - such fun.
We hope you are able to join us in with our challenge this week. We look forward to visiting your blogs and seeing your gorgeous creations. Please be sure to post a link back to Fab'n'Funky Challenges in your blog post in order to be eligible for this weeks prize! The deadline for entries is Tuesday evening (8 pm GMT ) to qualify for a prize.
So all that's left is for you to get creative and link up your entry to the linky at the bottom of the page
7] Only one entry per person will be submitted to each prize draw unless specified in the challenge post.
This is why it pays to plan and build with these potential catastrophes in mind. Storm hardening against high-wind damage should be a priority for owners and developers of any commercial building. When building in an area highly susceptible to the force of storms, you should always hire a team that can fortify your building using the most up-to-date building codes and upgrades for storm protection. The value of this service is immeasurable when you consider the cost of insuring a building ill-equipped to handle a storm, and the cost of losing all or part of the building.
These consultants have been working on building protection for decades and they know what works and what doesn’t in the face of a major hurricane. They can identify weaknesses in windows, doors, walls, and roofing, and develop a plan to improve those weaknesses. They can also identify ways to waterproof the building in order to prevent damage from rains and flooding. In addition to protecting the building interiors, these kinds of catastrophes can also cause irreparable damage to the building’s foundation.
Without proper storm resistance, insurance companies may charge you sky high prices to insure your property, if they don’t deny you insurance altogether. Building owners may be stuck with insufficient coverage that will provide minimal protection in the event of a claim. Many insurers expect buildings to be planned and built to the latest global highly protected risk (HPR) wind specifications. These standards help customers prevent damage and loses due to major storms. These specifications take into account many different aspects in the building process, including location, design, and protective measures.
Owners of existing buildings can also seek out services such as these in order to improve the storm-resistance of their properties. These consultants can perform a thorough assessment of the property in order to recommend structural improvements. Improving for hurricanes and major storms also has other benefits, they can reduce energy costs and external noise by creating an airtight environment year-round.
With proper planning and care taken to prevent damages to commercial structures and accompanying documentation, building owners will see a savings right away with lower insurance deductibles and more robust coverage. In the event of a storm, they will be able to resume business immediately. The value of using building consultants for this purpose far exceeds the cost, particularly since the cost of not being protected against high winds and flooding could be a total loss.
From the beginning of our career in the building envelope industry we have been partnering directly with developers, contractors, engineers, consultants and building departments.
Our mission is to provide world-class building envelope consulting services at the forefront of the latest industry standards, caring for our clients’ prestige and continued development.
Our knowledge of applicable codes and standards allows us to offer reliable engineering consulting services and develop compliant designs based on our clients’ innovative approaches. Having worked in engineering design as well as in consulting and field inspections, we are able to consider constructability of components when designing and reviewing designs by others.
We specialize in the investigation and recommendation of solutions to building defects that compromise the building’s structure. We are also able to apply engineering knowledge when conducting investigations of field conditions.
We offer our Forensic Building Consulting services to architects, engineers and building contractors.
Our experts specialize in wall systems and strive to provide clients with the necessary inspections of existing glazing systems to see if they meet your project requirements and perform the necessary testing of the final product.
Commenter N'oublie pas que les propos injurieux, racistes, etc. sont interdits par les conditions générales d'utilisation de Skyrock et que tu peux être identifié par ton adresse internet (54.162.169.45) si quelqu'un porte plainte.
Tomar Una Ducha Para Colorear #5 - Vectores De Stock De Ducha Mujer Tomando Ilustraciones De was posted in September 25, 2018 at 11:33 am. If you wish to apply this image as your laptop background, you can click the download link beneath or you may just right click on the image at the top and choose "Save Image As" to save the Tomar Una Ducha Para Colorear #5 - Vectores De Stock De Ducha Mujer Tomando Ilustraciones De or by tap the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your browser has the option. If you could not pick up the the most wonderful photo you are expecting for, you should go for "Search Column" at top right or browse some other photo wallpapers which you love. This image has the picture size is 17kB and the dimension of 375x450. Tomar Una Ducha Para Colorear #5 - Vectores De Stock De Ducha Mujer Tomando Ilustraciones De has been viewed by 2 visitors and it is a photo from Tomar Una Ducha Para Colorear.
2 Story, Single Family - Galloway Township, NJ ***NEW CONSTRUCTION ALERT***TO BE BUILT GALLOWAY STUNNER***GORGEOUS 4 BED 2.5 BATH 2 CAR GARAGE WITH FULL BASEMENT***SITS ON 0.53 ACRE IN AN ESTABLISHED, PRESTIGIOUS COMMUNITY***2446 SQ FT***COLONY @ SEAVIEW*** This home will offer space, comfort and quality! From 1st glance, this inviting home OOZING WITH CHARM will draw you right in. Featuring 2x6 walls with thicker insulation, high efficiency HVAC, hot water heater and windows will make this home an ENERGY SAVERS DREAM! 1st floor will boast a living room, dining room, family room open into the kitchen and nook area for open entertainment. A laundry room, study as well as a bathroom are also on this floor. 2nd floor boasts 4 very comfortably sized bedrooms, guest bath and a spectacular master suite. Kitchen will boast stainless appliances, granite or quartz and many more upscale finishes. Act quickly and you can pick out the colors!!! This FANTASTIC opportunity is a RARE one, so do not wait to make this DREAM home your REALITY!!!
The listing you requested could not be found. Click here to for the listing search page or select a page below.
"This Best Selling Best Home Fashion Thermal Insulated Blackout Curtains – Back Tab/ Rod Pocket – Beige – 52″W x 84″L – (Set of 2 Panels) Tends to SELL OUT VERY FAST! If this is a MUST HAVE product, be sure to Order Now at Amazon.com to avoid disappointment!"
Bring warmth and style to your home with high-quality insulated Blackout window curtain pair. Two hanging options backtabs or rod pockets adds a classic touch and provides energy efficient comfort. It features innovative fabric construction. Compare to the other curtains, our product is extremely SOFT and DRAPERY. The sophisticated designs allow you to decorate your windows with great styles. NEVER compare our Blackout Curtains with those cheap ones that are stiff and looks like a shower curtain. Blackout is perfect for : Late sleepers Shift workers Seniors Infants & parents Students Computer operators Care instruction : -Machine wash warm with like colors. -Use only non-chlorine bleach when needed. -Tumble dry low. -Warm iron as needed. Note: The images shown for our products have the most accurate color possible. However, because of differences in computer screens, we cannot be held accountable for variations in color between the actual product and the computer screen
Independent laboratory test also shows curtain blocks out 99.9% of light and 100% of UV rays to help save energy and keep heating/cooling costs down.
This is an action bar for the Remington model 12 .22 in S, L, LR It is designed to take the L style carrier dog. The outer magazine tube fits into the front part of this piece and the wooden forearm screws onto it as well.
Description: This is an action bar for the Remington model 12 .22 in S, L, LR It is designed to take the L style carrier dog. The outer magazine tube fits into the front part of this piece and the wooden forearm screws onto it as well. Replacement and original parts for Winchesters and other antique firearms plus Jimenez Bryco Jennings, including firing pins, magazine tubes, barrels, receivers, takedown manuals, butt plates and screws, grips stocks and more.
I'm known as a Frugal Bastard as I'm careful with my money and don't like wastage. I travel a bit, take lots of photos, make videos and like sharing my own silly opinions on stupid things and spelling mistakes that I discover in the media. Political comment and satire have a place close to my heart. I also major in sarcasm.
A couple of weeks ago, on the weekend, I received a call from someone asking to speak if they could speak to Mr Me. I replied, "You are currently." The guy didn't understand this so I realised that I wasn't talking to someone who used English as their first language. Great start. He gave me his name and the company which he worked for and when I asked him to repeat the company name I still didn't catch it although it included "Technology" in the name.
I asked him what was the reason for his call. Was I using Windows on my computer? His concern was based upon the fact that malware was coming down from the Internet and had affected Windows users. His company was ringing all Windows users in my state to warn and assist them. "So you're calling all of the Windows users in my state?" I asked. "That must be four or five hundred thousand people."
I ended the call with a polite, "So, you want me to turn on my computer so that you can ask me to find a few files and then inform me that they're malware and that I should download your program to fix them when it will, in fact, allow you access to my computer and steal my personal information and identity? Go and stick it up your arse."
With that I hung up. I've heard of this sort of scam. Don't let yourself become a victim. This cold calling amazed me but there must be some serious money in it for them if they do gain control of your computer.
OMFG like those emails that are too good to be true saying I won the lottery. Ugh. Thanks I get all kinds of weird calls. Gil
Getting old, learning new things all the time, family man, getting fat and lazy, electrician, uni grad, has-been sportsman, High jump record holder
Is it hard after all the performances give one interview after another, have press conference after the press conference?
– Here everything is ambiguous. When a person sits in front of you and asks questions from the list – that’s hard. But if you communicate freely, everything is much easier.
– Heavy. Literally and figuratively. Literally *she took both medals* here’s 1,2 kg. Figuratively – many years of hard work.
– Not calm. I slept, probably, for three hours. But spent the rest of the time with benefit for my inner world.
– There is no irony. From an early age, I never slept during the day. Even in the stroller – according to my parents. Usually small children sleep in the stroller when you go for a walk with them. Me not. I lay, looking up at the sky: birds fly, leaves on the trees move … It’s so interesting! In general, I do not like to sleep. Sleep takes too much time. It annoys me. So I’m glad that I slept only three hours and at the same time I feel fine.
– I try to rest morally. It does not always turn out, sometimes you have to force yourself, but nevertheless *she laughs* silence is very helpful. And no sounds! I do not even have a TV in my room. I just lie there with a phone in my hands, that’s all. It’s enough.
– When you understand that you are in Korea, but the whole arena is speaking in your native language. Unforgettably!
You admitted that during the Games became a completely different person. Were you surprised by this change?
– Yes. I was told that the Olympics change people, but I did not think that they change them so much. Now I look at many things differently. I treat them differently. Even those I have never noticed before.
– I was growing up during the whole season when I had to cope with the difficulties. But at the Games, of course, too. I feel that I have changed inside, hope that for the better.
You told that you finished reading “Anna Karenina.” They say that it’s not an easy book. For 30-year-olds. That it’s even better to remove it from the school program …
– I do not agree with this! Karenina lived at a time when if you are 25 years old, and you are not yet married, then you are an old maid! So why should this book now be read by those who are already 30? In my opinion, I’m just at the age when I need to read this book.
– No. Books or movies don’t make me that emotional. I cried only when I “stepped under the train” myself. In ny free program.
– Yes. I’ve never cried before. At least – after the skate. Here it was for the first time. And this is one more moment that I will remember about the Olympics. I do not think that in the near future it will be possible to experience the same emotions.
The program of Olympic hospitality Procter & Gamble is called “Thank you, Mom”. What do these words mean to you?
– A lot of things! Family is the most important thing. There are three people in our family. Mom, Grandmother and me. Plus a dog, but it’s on its own *laughs* So, our whole family lives in figure skating. We are all passionate about one thing. And we feel each other’s support. There is no such thing that everyone sat down at the table, toast and began to say a words of gratitude to each other. Such gratitude is natural. After all, my mother gave me life. Without her, nothing could be a priori. I’m glad that thanks to participation in the program “Thank you, Mom!” my mother was cheering for me here, next to me. I knew that I would show 100% of what I have.
– What a nightmare! I understand that they do not need to be fed. But, excuse me, it’s a nightmare! I definitely don’t need such.
– Yes! I know. Although I will not quote, do not ask. *laughs* And no, I do not speak Korean. But I still learned the lyrics of my favorite songs.
– The size of the Olympic Village! Everything is so big … I thought that there would be less houses and territory. But in reality everything is just great! And you walk down the street like in a computer game. Everywhere groups in the same uniforms. Large groups. For skaters this is unusual. We are not used to walking as a team – after all, we have an individual sport. Usually we go in white jackets and we look as white dots in the general crowd. But here a group of Canadian hockey players, or eight men in orange coats… Beauty!
– The same. I’ve never watched hockey or football. At these Olympic Games, I liked the broadcasts of the short track and speed skating. And curling. An interesting sport!
– No. But I want to! To understand how it works? To touch the ice – it’s said to be rough. Is it real to pick up the stone? What do they do with brushes? How does the physical contact of the shoes with the ice feel?
Football goalkeepers have their own signs – for example, you need to talk to the goalpost. Do you talk with ice?
– It’s a shame to admit, but for me the ice is just a material thing. Many skaters perceive it as a living being. Me not. For me, ice is a simple tool. Like my skates, my blades. And even my legs and body.
– Yes. Like something not real is around. Like a computer game. You have a location and a mission, you are put into it, you have to accomplish it. And then – the closing ceremony, salute, you go home.
She seems the one who lives inside her dream capsule, and I pray for this to last as long as possible
Serving, promoting, defending and publishing for Christian and secular home educators in NZ and overseas.
Importance of establishing secure attachment relationships during infancy in order to optimise brain development
An enforced separation of parent and child at the hands of government in exchange for financial assistance is both cruel and contrary to the nature of our free society
The government is saying that because I’m a solo parent I’m unable to make the right decisions for my children
It is offensive that the job my mother has done and so many other single parents do, is so under-valued
This is invasive legislation discriminating against excellent parents and removing their freedom to raise their children in a secure loving environment and not going to achieve better lives for neglected children
Children need to be with their family, and nurtured, they must not be treated as tools to force parents to comply with this bill.
I also believe it enforces the detachment of children from their parents at an age which can be detrimental for many
In it’s breadth it overshoots and impinges on the basic rights of dedicated and thinking parents such as myself
It is a well researched, known and documented fact that it is parental involvement that makes the difference in regards to educational outcomes, not the institutional education of a child
This National government would be well advised and warned to examine carefully the agendas of those who have promoted, lobbied for and recommended the actions in this bill in order to maintain peace, good relations, civility and lawful behaviour in our communities
I believe the Welfare Reform Bill to be invalid not only for human rights breaches but also as a Maori for the breach of Article 2 of the Treaty and the breach of the UNDRIP which was endorsed by government in 2010.
Home-educated children do HALF of all the BAD CITIZEN things and DOUBLE all of the GOOD CITIZEN things
I worked at an Early Childhood Center before our little ones were born, we would never send our children to an Early Childhood Education Center
If you are deprived of love and affection as a child then key areas of your brain which are responsible for your personality don’t get wired up correctly
None of our eight children (three being adopted and one currently fostered) have ever been to school. We have always lived right here in the same house in Palmerston North. Genevieve is now 31. She worked her way to the top of Air Training Corps to Warrant Officer and was part of the Squadron’s champion marching team. She was a Manawatu Representative Softball player too. At 13 she wanted to be a lawyer, so I told her to go talk to one and find out what’s required. She did. A couple years later this lawyer set up his own practice and took Genevieve on as part-time help. Later she was full time. Then he paid for her to attend night classes. At age 19 she was a qualified Legal Executive with four years’ work experience, a glowing work reference and $20,000 in the bank. Her friends had barely finished their BAs, had no work experience, no references and a $20,000 student debt.
Genevieve then went with her brother Zach to work and travel in the USA for two years. Upon return to Palmerston North, she steadfastly turned down invitations to work for lawyers in town including a QC (although she still had luncheons with these men and their staff regularly), so that she could work for me, her father, even though I could pay her anything. In 2005 she and her sister Charmagne went back to the USA to work for four months in order to earn the money to get the rest of us over there to attend our son Zach’s wedding (October 2005) in Illinois. She was introduced to a wonderful man, Pete de Deugd from Australia in 2007 and was married on 16 February 2008. They now have two children, wee Natalie and Caleb, plus one on the way, making us very happy grandparents!
At 18 Zach (now 29) approached Massey’s admissions officer about doing a single paper (Principles of Logistics, part of the Bachelor of Defense Studies degree) on Provisional Enrolment since he had no qualifications. They let him in. He came to me with his draft of his first essay assignment claiming we’d never prepared him for this, he’ll never do any good, and that we’d completely failed him academically. We were crushed. Until I read his draft essay. It was a good one. But I didn’t tell him so; I just said I reckoned he’d do OK if he polished it up a bit more. He got an A on that one, an A+ on the next and ended up tying for first place in the class with a girl from Blenheim who turned out to be another home schooler!! All the while he was holding down a full-time job where his workmates and boss called him “awesome Zach” because of his ever-looking-for-more-to-do-and-better-ways-to-do-it work ethic. (He never had to look for jobs: he always had plenty of offers come his way.) Zach was also an officer in the Air Training Corps and part of the champion marching team. He and Genevieve did the big OE in the USA for nearly two years, gained more work experience, income and references. Zach did another two years over there, married the boss’s daughter, Megan, and produced our first grandchild, wee Cheyenh and a second named Dusti. Zach is now the Marketing Director for his father-in-law’s business (www.RainbowResource.com)! He still has no degree or even a school leaving certificate.
Alanson is now 27. At age 18 he took on a full time, full year course (intro to electronic engineering) at the local Polytech (Ucol) with no paper qualifications at all….many Polytech courses have no prerequisites. (He had just turned down an offer of an engineering apprenticeship after the workplace had watched him be the cleaner and dog’s body for two hours a day for a few months.) He finished near the top of his class at Ucol. His first exam with that course was in Physics. Now, this was also the first test or exam he had EVER taken in his whole life. He got 92%. We had never studied physics at home. My opinion is that his score reflects the academic acumen of the course content and the institution involved. Alanson was also an officer in the Air Training Corps, part of the champion marching team and a Manawatu Representative softballer for several years. He worked with Zach in the USA for a year. Their job was to load up a truck and trailer with books, drive (Zach is the driver) for up to 3 days to some other part of the USA, set up the book display (with as many as 6 cash registers!!), manage the rest of the sales team with them, advise the customers at the home schooling convention about the books and complete the sales, pack up and drive back, restock the warehouse and get ready to do it again. Zach has been to all of the 50 states plus all but two Canadian provinces and to Mexico as well. Alanson came back to NZ and sat the RNZAF (Air Force) entrance exam. He scored so high that they waived the normal academic requirements. At the end of RNZAF bootcamp at Woodbourne, he got the trophy for academic excellence. This is a guy who is not an academic and whose handwriting looks like a six-year-old’s. He is now stationed at Ohakea Air Force Base doing Avionics. In 2003 he and Zach flew to Europe and visited every country from Morocco to Sweden, from Portugal to Hungary, except for Andorra and Gibraltar. In 2007 he toured the UK with the RNZAF playing ruby. In January 2010 he got to work for a month in Antarctica.
Charmagne is 23. She is our fourth one to go through the teen years, and you know, we never got any of the mood swings, the rebellion, the disrespect, the rejection of our values and all the other stuff that so many promised we’d see in these ones “once they become teenagers”. Well, Barbara & I always rejected that concept of “teenager”; we eventually concluded that the “generation gap” was not normative, but a symptom of serious alienation probably caused by a number of things, but especially by the effects of the public schools forcibly separating children from their parents and their siblings and forcing them to socialize with whatever crowd happened to be at the local schooling institution. If you think about it, the only time people are forced to socialize with a set group is as school children and as prisoners.
Charmagne epitomizes for us heart-warming qualities I suspect can only be developed by a home-based education. These are qualities we’ve tried to promote in our children, that we’ve tried to live out ourselves, and that we tried to praise in others. These qualities are found in our older three, so keep them in mind as I describe Charmagne: She loves to be at home; she loves the company of her siblings; she loves listening to adults converse; she loves helping to baby sit or mind children whenever asked; she loves doing sewing jobs for everyone else in the house; she will leave her friends to themselves when they go teeny-bopper on her and start talking about boys and clothes and makeup and will go find some helpful jobs to do or adult conversation to join; she loves reading historical novels but will trash it if it gets too romantic, for she is committed to presenting her future husband with a bride who is emotionally as well as physically pure; she looks forward to getting married and having children she will then home educate; she openly talks about looking after her parents in their old age; she prefers to listen to classical music or recorded sermons while doing her cross-stitching project; and she consistently got awards for excellence in dress and presentation at Air Training Corps. Charmagne has had piano and singing lessons and is teaching herself to play the organ. And although she scored what is apparently an unprecedented string of 100%s in her Highland Dancing Theory exams, she has no academic aspirations. (She now has a Dip HND.) She is also becoming quite a seamstress, doing her own pattern drafting, and recently took up upholstering. She has created a number of 1830s style hoop skirts and has held a number of English Country Dancing evenings (see http://www.photoblog.com/charmagne). She learned NZ Sign Language then taught it to our wee Gracie before she could speak. Charmagne is an expert furniture upholsterer, painter and paperhanger, plasterer and does floor and wall tiles too. At Pete & Genevieve’s in Australia, Charmagne has helped build, clad, roof and floor a shed 35 x 14 meters, dropping 22 telephone poles into large holes for uprights, cementing them in, managing the project of building nine 700kg trusses (her pattern-drafting skills applied to boards 5.3 metres long as well as to lengths of cloth 53 centimetres long), driving a CAT 930 articulated dirt mover, arc welding, oxy welding, plasma cutting and a myriad of hand tools. She does gourmet cooking for us, all the shopping and budgeting, and designed and cut out the 16 dresses for Genevieve’s wedding as well as designed and baked and iced the 3-tiered wedding cake to feed 350 guests. It seems to us that if we put in the work in the early days, the fruit we are looking for should generally come forth later on…you know, the old “reap what you sow” idea.
The J Boys, Jeremiah 18 and Jedediah 13 are full siblings. Jeremiah is a classic ADHD with a string of food allergies as well, most of which he’s now out-grown. Groups of people and video action can still work him into a hyper-active state. He can do anything and is totally fearless and outwardly 100% confident when it comes to social or business situations….but he must be personally motivated to do it, which doesn’t take much! He has organized his own field trips to and through the airport by ringing the airport manager, on whom he still calls for a chat every time we visit the airport. He has had several entrepreneurial enterprises, one being a Petting Farm on our ¼ acre town section, for which he organized a free listing in the Yellow Pages plus a feature article in the local newspaper! The pets he had then were a cat, a kitten, three mice, two hens, seven chicks, a rabbit, a duck and some ducklings. He single-handedly contacted a local aero club to volunteer to clean the aircraft. They let him, and he ended up going for a number of joy rides and ended up with a brilliant work reference on the business letterhead! The job finished, but a few months later they called him back with the offer of a ½ hour flying lesson for every six planes he cleans. He’s had eight hours of flying lessons so far! He works at a dairy farm, too. He and I got our firearms licenses, and he bought a .22 with which he’s shot wild goats and possums. After doing a few months at Burger King and BP, Jeremiah took off to live with Zach & Megan in the USA for five months in March 2010. He and a friend have organized their own security-patrol in Palmerston North where they’re friends with every police officer and bouncer in town. He’s aiming to enter the NZ Police force.
Jedediah is progressing through the three Rs well and sees things spatially in both the physical and conceptual realms, already making interesting connections among facts he’s learning and asking probing questions. He loves working with tools and recently replaced a set of taps in the bathroom, needing to take them apart and re-install them three times to fix a leak, but never tiring or complaining about anything the whole time. When our vehicles need an oil change, I just ask Jed, and it’s as good as done. He’s learning all about sound systems, video work, sound mixing and radio-controlled boat building from a friend at church and currently has a fleet of radio controlled helicopters.
The next two children are two girls, Kaitlyn 10 (who we adopted) and Grace, 5 years old (who we are just fostering). Kaitlyn is a full sibling to the J boys and Grace is a half sibling to the other three adopted children. The mother of these four is a wiccan. We are Christians. But she has seen our four older children and wanted her ones to be like them, regardless of the fact that her religion is almost as far away as you can get from our religion.
Kaitlyn is an incredibly quick learner and is quickly passing Jedediah in learning to read. She actually taught herself to read and now writes all the time just for fun. Charmagne took a NZ Sign Language course and then taught Grace to sign to us. Grace was a very happy baby since she was able to communicate with us quite well from an early age, even when she could not speak more than five or six words. She now has quite an advanced vocabulary which we are sure comes from the fact that both girls and Jedediah love being read to…something we try to do every day.
We would never willingly send our children to a state primary school in New Zealand: I’ve observed the system for over 20 years, read many books about it, talked to teachers and students and read the newspapers: they are abysmal academically and socially and just plain dangerous both physically and morally. The tutoring/mentoring methodology afforded by home education has many vast advantages academically, socially, logistically and relationally. There might be a case for attending a secondary school, but it would have to be offering some pretty exciting skills by some pretty gifted teachers to overcome all the negative social aspects of NZ high schools. I offered to get places at Boys High or Girls High to my teens, but they steadfastly refused to consider it. They said they knew too many products of those institutions through Air Training Corps. Charmagne actually accompanied some friends around a “good” College for two days once. She was astounded by the time wasted every day by sheer logistical issues related to crowd control. Add to that the lack of motivation to learn or pay attention displayed by the majority of students and you understand why she changed her mind about what she’d heard me say for years in relation to schools. She thought I was exaggerating when I’d say you could learn in two hours at home what would easily take two weeks to learn at school. She now says I’ve grossly understated the case!
Serving, promoting, defending and publishing for Christian and secular home educators in NZ and overseas since 1986.
Serving, promoting, defending and publishing for Christian and secular home educators iin NZ and overseas since 1986.
Updates on Craig’s health written by family http://hef.org.nz/about-us/craig-smiths-health and Craig’s diary: Diary of a Brain Tumour http://hef.org.nz/about-us/craig-smiths-health/craigs-diary/ Youtube videos: http://hef.org.nz/q-a-with-craig/
A number of people have asked for the Smith's bank account details to be put up on this website to make it easier to give a donation to cover medical costs: CS BE Smith 020 727 0838357 00 BNZ Thank you for your donations
The Home Education Foundation has been serving Christian and secular home educators all over New Zealand since 1986 through national conferences, a quarterly journal, a bi-monthly newsletter, various … [Read More...]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 November 1997 November 1996 September 1996 July 1996 May 1996 March 1996 January 1996 November 1995 September 1995 July 1995 May 1995 March 1995
Book Fair books bullying California CDs children Coming Events Conference Craig Smith curriculum CYFs Diana Waring education England ERO Exemption Fair family Family First NZ fathers Germany Home Education Home schooling Homeschooling HSLDA Keystone MoE NHERI parents Police Politics Products Robotics schools Section 59 Socialisation Sweden TEACH Bulletin Teachers teaching Trademe WND Workshop Workshops Worldviews
Sciatic nerve pain is one of the most common sources of discomfort, especially in men over 40 that lift weights.
September 7, 2017 by Alex Bergin Community Voices, Interviews with Queer Women, News for Queer Women, The Dish
Welcome, GO readers, to our revamped weekly roundup of the biggest lesbian, bisexual, queer, and transgender women’s news and entertainment stories! We’ll be recapping the biggest hits each week and talking to the newsmakers, movers, and shakers behind them.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday announced President Donald Trump’s decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy, known as DACA, with a six month delay. The program temporarily granted legal protections to 800,000 “DREAMers” who arrived in the U.S. without documentation as children. In order to qualify for DACA, young people could not have a criminal record, had to be in school or have graduated, and had to pay $465 to apply for the program.
There are roughly 75,000 LGBTQ DREAMers in the U.S., and approximately 36,000 of them are DACA recipients, according to a report from the Williams Institute. If they are forced to return to their family’s country of origin, they could face intolerant attitudes towards being LGBTQ.
“The country I am from, Honduras, is gang infested, impoverished and extremely violent for a woman like me,” Sandra, a 30 year-old DACA recipient, told GO. “I have visible tattoos. I am an out lesbian and have absolutely no ties to the community that could vouch for me. Being sent back to Honduras would make me an easy mark.”
Like many other DACA recipients, Sandra, whose last name is anonymous for her protection, spent most of her life in the U.S. In order to qualify for DACA, she had to give the government her personal information.
“I am resentful. I am hurt. I feel deceived,” she wrote to GO in an email. “I am afraid. I feel like I am now part of a witch hunt to which can only be referenced to as having a modern day “Schindler’s List.”” For information about how to support DREAMers like Sandra, visit weareheretostay.org.
Munroe Bergdorf, a 30 year-old transgender model, was set to be the face of a diversity campaign for L’Oreal, until she was fired over posting remarks about racism on Facebook. The day after white supremacists marched on Charlottesville, Virginia, Bergdorf wrote a lengthy post about structural racism. “Honestly I don’t have energy to talk about the racial violence of white people any more. Yes ALL white people,” she wrote, prompting the cosmetics company to sever ties with her. Over the weekend, a television interview with Bergdorf where she explains her remarks and how structural racism works, went viral on Twitter. L’Oreal’s loss, our gain.
A long time ago, in a galaxy far away… space got a little queerer. Passages from a new “Star Wars” novel hint that a character in the next film, “Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” might be bisexual or pansexual. According to a passage in “Leia: Princess of Alderaan,” Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo, played by Laura Dern in the next movie, is attracted to more than just men. In the book, during a conversation, Princess Leia says she’s straight, “It’s just humanoid males for me.” Holdo responds, “Really? That feels so limiting.” We couldn’t agree more. Still, it’s unclear if the character in the film is exactly like the character in the book, so we’ll be waiting to find out when the flick comes out on December 15.
It’s with a heavy heart that this one makes our list. J.D. Disalvatore, a filmmaker and producer known for creating LGBTQ visibility with her work, passed away after a battle with cancer. Disalvatore’s 2007 film “Shelter” received a GLAAD Media Award for its portrayal of a young artist coming to terms with his sexuality. Her work for the queer community extended off-screen. Disalvatore was on the Board of Directors of the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, mentored through the Point Foundation and managed Outfest. Originally from Massachusetts, she also had a hand in visual effects for the film “Dante’s Peak” and the television series “The X-Files.”
Okay, okay, so the official end of summer isn’t for a few more weeks, but that doesn’t mean it’s too early to look at the big LGBTQ case that the Supreme Court is set to hear this fall. In October, the highest court in the land will hear a case from a Colorado bakery owner who wants to deny LGBTQ people business because of his religious beliefs. The decision could have much larger implications for ‘religious freedom’ in the U.S. and if businesses have a license to discriminate based on the owner’s beliefs.
Free forum | Cars | Tuning | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Impact of Serpentinization on Deposits of Nickel, Chromite and Cobalt, Mining District of Bou Azzer, (Central Anti-Atlas)
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Serpentinization on Deposits of Nickel, Chromite and Cobalt, Mining District of Bou Azzer, (Central Anti-Atlas) AU - Mohamed BHILISSE AU - Amina WAFIK AU - Hassan ADMOU AU - Lhou MAACHA AU - Marc CONSTANTIN PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 110 EP - 132 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-117-01 AB - Several mineralizations types are associated with ophiolite of Bou Azzer (i) in transition area the nickel mineralization are scattered (ii) podiform chromite deposits and associated PGE (iii) gold and palladium mineralization of Bleida Far West cashed by basic rocks of cumulates (vi) hydrothermal stockworks mineralizations of cobalt, nickel, arsenic and gold of Bou Azzer. The genesis of those mineralizations is result of both hydrothermal and tectono-magmatic processes.The results show that a primary paragenesis of magmatic origin with pentlandite, chromospinelle, and cobaltiferous and nickeliferous magnetite has been highlighted in Ambed massive where the serpentinization of ultramafic rocks is partial, and it is probably associated with Fe sulphides. However, the mineralogical assemblages identified in Aghbar and Bou Azzer East massive where serpentinization is total are composed on secondary minerals of polydymite cobaltiferous, millerite cobaltiferous, orcelite and magnetite cobalti-nickeleferous. These mineralizations could come during serpentinization from mutation of a primary mineral pargenesis formed on olivine and pentlandite+pyrrhotite aggregates. For chromite mineralization, the Scanning Electron Microscope observations show a textural relationship between serpentine minerals and chromite crystals which reflect a precocious serpentinization setting on same time of chromite pods. The genesis of cobaltiferous hydrothermal mineralizations is basically related to the serpentinization process. In tectonical term, serpentinization modify serpentine plasticity and provide doming phenomenon and has important contribution on genesis and structural context of Bou Azzer mineralized corps. In chemical level, serpentinization control the mobility of nickel and cobalt exist in primary ultramafic minerals which marked in arsenides, sulfides and iron oxides. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Serpentinization on Deposits of Nickel, Chromite and Cobalt, Mining District of Bou Azzer, (Central Anti-Atlas) AU - Mohamed BHILISSE AU - Amina WAFIK AU - Hassan ADMOU AU - Lhou MAACHA AU - Marc CONSTANTIN PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 110 EP - 132 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - Several mineralizations types are associated with ophiolite of Bou Azzer (i) in transition area the nickel mineralization are scattered (ii) podiform chromite deposits and associated PGE (iii) gold and palladium mineralization of Bleida Far West cashed by basic rocks of cumulates (vi) hydrothermal stockworks mineralizations of cobalt, nickel, arsenic and gold of Bou Azzer. The genesis of those mineralizations is result of both hydrothermal and tectono-magmatic processes.The results show that a primary paragenesis of magmatic origin with pentlandite, chromospinelle, and cobaltiferous and nickeliferous magnetite has been highlighted in Ambed massive where the serpentinization of ultramafic rocks is partial, and it is probably associated with Fe sulphides. However, the mineralogical assemblages identified in Aghbar and Bou Azzer East massive where serpentinization is total are composed on secondary minerals of polydymite cobaltiferous, millerite cobaltiferous, orcelite and magnetite cobalti-nickeleferous. These mineralizations could come during serpentinization from mutation of a primary mineral pargenesis formed on olivine and pentlandite+pyrrhotite aggregates. For chromite mineralization, the Scanning Electron Microscope observations show a textural relationship between serpentine minerals and chromite crystals which reflect a precocious serpentinization setting on same time of chromite pods. The genesis of cobaltiferous hydrothermal mineralizations is basically related to the serpentinization process. In tectonical term, serpentinization modify serpentine plasticity and provide doming phenomenon and has important contribution on genesis and structural context of Bou Azzer mineralized corps. In chemical level, serpentinization control the mobility of nickel and cobalt exist in primary ultramafic minerals which marked in arsenides, sulfides and iron oxides. ER -
Several mineralizations types are associated with ophiolite of Bou Azzer (i) in transition area the nickel mineralization are scattered (ii) podiform chromite deposits and associated PGE (iii) gold and palladium mineralization of Bleida Far West cashed by basic rocks of cumulates (vi) hydrothermal stockworks mineralizations of cobalt, nickel, arsenic and gold of Bou Azzer. The genesis of those mineralizations is result of both hydrothermal and tectono-magmatic processes.The results show that a primary paragenesis of magmatic origin with pentlandite, chromospinelle, and cobaltiferous and nickeliferous magnetite has been highlighted in Ambed massive where the serpentinization of ultramafic rocks is partial, and it is probably associated with Fe sulphides. However, the mineralogical assemblages identified in Aghbar and Bou Azzer East massive where serpentinization is total are composed on secondary minerals of polydymite cobaltiferous, millerite cobaltiferous, orcelite and magnetite cobalti-nickeleferous. These mineralizations could come during serpentinization from mutation of a primary mineral pargenesis formed on olivine and pentlandite+pyrrhotite aggregates. For chromite mineralization, the Scanning Electron Microscope observations show a textural relationship between serpentine minerals and chromite crystals which reflect a precocious serpentinization setting on same time of chromite pods. The genesis of cobaltiferous hydrothermal mineralizations is basically related to the serpentinization process. In tectonical term, serpentinization modify serpentine plasticity and provide doming phenomenon and has important contribution on genesis and structural context of Bou Azzer mineralized corps. In chemical level, serpentinization control the mobility of nickel and cobalt exist in primary ultramafic minerals which marked in arsenides, sulfides and iron oxides.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Knowledge attitude and behaviour concerning pregnancy: Study from a rural village of Bangladesh AU - Luthfun Nahar PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 133 EP - 143 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-125-04 AB - "Pregnancy is special, let's make it safe" was the slogan of the 1998 world health day. This worldwide focus on safe motherhood comes as the safe motherhood initiative, launched in 1987, starts into its second decade. According to UNFPA (State of population 2010) 360 mothers per 1000 die of pregnancy in Bangladesh, against 420 in India and 500 in Pakistan due to pregnancy and its related complications .The women are inferior by nature and motherhood, with its domestic role in the family, is their natural place is upheld by strong cultural and mythological and religious beliefs. These beliefs are very strong in Bangladesh. In our society women opinion about pregnancy and child birth is recognized by his family as well as the society .She is not controller of her own body. Despite fertility transition and impressive success of the immunization campaign, the other health indicators are still remaining behind. 67 % of pregnant mothers do not receive antenatal care, 92 % of deliveries take place at home and only 12 % deliveries are attended by trained personnel. This situation cannot allow to be continued. The intervention that make the motherhood safe are known and the resources needed are obtainable .The necessary services are neither sophisticated nor very expensive and reducing maternal mortality is one of the cost effective strategies available in the area of public health. This study was conducted among mothers who had children or were currently pregnant with the objective is to examine the possible association between certain socio-economic, cultural and some other background variables of conception in order to understand more clearly how important these factors are in explaining the observed levels of Reproductive Health status. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Knowledge attitude and behaviour concerning pregnancy: Study from a rural village of Bangladesh AU - Luthfun Nahar PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 133 EP - 143 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - "Pregnancy is special, let's make it safe" was the slogan of the 1998 world health day. This worldwide focus on safe motherhood comes as the safe motherhood initiative, launched in 1987, starts into its second decade. According to UNFPA (State of population 2010) 360 mothers per 1000 die of pregnancy in Bangladesh, against 420 in India and 500 in Pakistan due to pregnancy and its related complications .The women are inferior by nature and motherhood, with its domestic role in the family, is their natural place is upheld by strong cultural and mythological and religious beliefs. These beliefs are very strong in Bangladesh. In our society women opinion about pregnancy and child birth is recognized by his family as well as the society .She is not controller of her own body. Despite fertility transition and impressive success of the immunization campaign, the other health indicators are still remaining behind. 67 % of pregnant mothers do not receive antenatal care, 92 % of deliveries take place at home and only 12 % deliveries are attended by trained personnel. This situation cannot allow to be continued. The intervention that make the motherhood safe are known and the resources needed are obtainable .The necessary services are neither sophisticated nor very expensive and reducing maternal mortality is one of the cost effective strategies available in the area of public health. This study was conducted among mothers who had children or were currently pregnant with the objective is to examine the possible association between certain socio-economic, cultural and some other background variables of conception in order to understand more clearly how important these factors are in explaining the observed levels of Reproductive Health status. ER -
"Pregnancy is special, let's make it safe" was the slogan of the 1998 world health day. This worldwide focus on safe motherhood comes as the safe motherhood initiative, launched in 1987, starts into its second decade. According to UNFPA (State of population 2010) 360 mothers per 1000 die of pregnancy in Bangladesh, against 420 in India and 500 in Pakistan due to pregnancy and its related complications .The women are inferior by nature and motherhood, with its domestic role in the family, is their natural place is upheld by strong cultural and mythological and religious beliefs. These beliefs are very strong in Bangladesh. In our society women opinion about pregnancy and child birth is recognized by his family as well as the society .She is not controller of her own body. Despite fertility transition and impressive success of the immunization campaign, the other health indicators are still remaining behind. 67 % of pregnant mothers do not receive antenatal care, 92 % of deliveries take place at home and only 12 % deliveries are attended by trained personnel. This situation cannot allow to be continued. The intervention that make the motherhood safe are known and the resources needed are obtainable .The necessary services are neither sophisticated nor very expensive and reducing maternal mortality is one of the cost effective strategies available in the area of public health. This study was conducted among mothers who had children or were currently pregnant with the objective is to examine the possible association between certain socio-economic, cultural and some other background variables of conception in order to understand more clearly how important these factors are in explaining the observed levels of Reproductive Health status.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Test Cases Prioritization using model based test dependencies: A survey AU - Ms. Sujata AU - Nancy Dhamija PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 144 EP - 148 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-125-05 AB - Software Testing is a part of software engineering which helps to identify failure or defect in advance to give quality to the product. Regression testing is an important aspect of testing field in which modified part of the software will be tested to ensure that no new errors will be generated into previously tested code. Regression test suite is typically large so that a method or technique should select for test cases which will give effectiveness to the software and also reduces the overall cost. In this kind of situation test case prioritization technique is used to give the effectiveness to the software. It organizes test cases in an order such that, test case having high priority will be executed first through which effectiveness will be increases. Performance goal of test case prioritization is fault detection; number of faults will be detected quickly during testing process, code coverage and reliability. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Test Cases Prioritization using model based test dependencies: A survey AU - Ms. Sujata AU - Nancy Dhamija PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 144 EP - 148 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - Software Testing is a part of software engineering which helps to identify failure or defect in advance to give quality to the product. Regression testing is an important aspect of testing field in which modified part of the software will be tested to ensure that no new errors will be generated into previously tested code. Regression test suite is typically large so that a method or technique should select for test cases which will give effectiveness to the software and also reduces the overall cost. In this kind of situation test case prioritization technique is used to give the effectiveness to the software. It organizes test cases in an order such that, test case having high priority will be executed first through which effectiveness will be increases. Performance goal of test case prioritization is fault detection; number of faults will be detected quickly during testing process, code coverage and reliability. ER -
Software Testing is a part of software engineering which helps to identify failure or defect in advance to give quality to the product. Regression testing is an important aspect of testing field in which modified part of the software will be tested to ensure that no new errors will be generated into previously tested code. Regression test suite is typically large so that a method or technique should select for test cases which will give effectiveness to the software and also reduces the overall cost. In this kind of situation test case prioritization technique is used to give the effectiveness to the software. It organizes test cases in an order such that, test case having high priority will be executed first through which effectiveness will be increases. Performance goal of test case prioritization is fault detection; number of faults will be detected quickly during testing process, code coverage and reliability.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Use of marine algae in the quality evaluation of the El-Jadida area water mass AU - Noura HANIF AU - Mohammed CHAIR AU - Mostapha CHBANI IDRISSI PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 149 EP - 161 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-125-11 AB - Macroalgae are a good element for assessing the ecological quality of coastal waters. As such, this indicator has been included in the strategy for monitoring coastal water masses. In view of results on this parameter during this first campaign determining the diversity and spatio-temporal distribution of marine algae in all stations concerned by the study, we were able to evaluate the health of the study area coast water mass. The algae distribution differs from one station to the other according to the season and according to human factors, to give a water mass at low quality. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Use of marine algae in the quality evaluation of the El-Jadida area water mass AU - Noura HANIF AU - Mohammed CHAIR AU - Mostapha CHBANI IDRISSI PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 149 EP - 161 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - Macroalgae are a good element for assessing the ecological quality of coastal waters. As such, this indicator has been included in the strategy for monitoring coastal water masses. In view of results on this parameter during this first campaign determining the diversity and spatio-temporal distribution of marine algae in all stations concerned by the study, we were able to evaluate the health of the study area coast water mass. The algae distribution differs from one station to the other according to the season and according to human factors, to give a water mass at low quality. ER -
Macroalgae are a good element for assessing the ecological quality of coastal waters. As such, this indicator has been included in the strategy for monitoring coastal water masses. In view of results on this parameter during this first campaign determining the diversity and spatio-temporal distribution of marine algae in all stations concerned by the study, we were able to evaluate the health of the study area coast water mass. The algae distribution differs from one station to the other according to the season and according to human factors, to give a water mass at low quality.
This exclusion (PDF) is for homeowners aged 65 or older or those totally and permanently disabled. If you are applying you must fall into the following categories:
The exclusion amount is the Greater of $25,000 or 50% of the appraised value of the primary residence including up to 1 acre of land
Joint owners (other than husband and wife) who meet all other requirements may be eligible for a partial exemption not to exceed their proportionate share of the valuation of the property.
What is considered income and how much can I make and still qualify for the Elderly or Disabled Exclusion?
We Malaysians are made up of folks from different ethnic and religious backgrounds. We live in relative peace despite our differences which is something to be envied especially considering the wars and conflicts that has been terrorizing other parts of our world. A key factor of our stability is tolerance and understanding. That is why it is important to consider the different belief systems and taboos of our friends from different ethinicities before buying them gifts.
So here is a list of considerations that you should look into before buying a fellow Malaysian a gift:
1) Most Malays are moderate Muslims, and pigs and dogs are considered unclean in Islam. Don't buy them food containing pork or any traces of it. Also, avoid buying them gifts depicting either of these animals, including pictures.
2) Alcohol is not tolerated at all levels in Islam, so much so that Muslims avoid having anything to do with it at any circumstance, even working at bars.
3) Items with human and animal patterns on them should be avoided too. More conservative Muslims might consider this as a form of idoltary, which is against Islam too. Opt for floral decorations instead whenever possible.
1) No handkerchiefs as they are associated with hardship. It is more than a metaphorical symbol that you might use to wipe of tears, since it is truly considered to bring bad fortune.
2) No knives since giving them as gifts not only symbolize an intention to end a relationship, it is once again a bringer of misfortune.
3) No clocks since they are also considered unlucky. It is a metaphorical reference to one's life-clock which is constantly ticking and that death is inevitable. Giving it as a gift shows you wish them dead!
1) No beef or pork: Many Indians are Hindus, and cows are considered sacred to them. Think twice if you are buying them a wallet or purse. Any leather products should stay away from your gift list unless you are absolutely sure they are not made from cow skin. Also, food products made of pork should be avoided as they are considered unclean in Hinduism.
2) Garlands are cute, and it is very formal when you give it to someone of a certain degree of respect. If in any case you want to present someone with a flower garland, make sure they don't contain frangipanis as they are only used for funerals.
3) Some sects of Hinduism encourage vegetarianism. So avoid buying food with meat, fish or eggs if your friends are strict vegetarians. Milk products are okay, but alcohol is forbidden too, even to same non-vegetarian Hindus.
1) Sweden's passport is not only the most powerful in the world but it also one of the most highly sought-after travel documents in the black market, which can cost up to 6,000 pounds compared to the 28 pounds fee to make or renew it legally.
2) The costliest passport fee is the Turkish one with a whopping 166 pounds, while the UAE passport is the cheapest at only 9 pounds.
3) The Malaysian passport, which is the eighth most powerful in the world, is the first to include biometric features which is now being followed by most other countries.
4) Austrians are allowed to have two copies of their passport to circumvent certain travel restrictions.
5) The Nicaraguan passport allegedly is the least forgeable travel document in the world with almost 90 security features, including bi-dimensional barcodes, holograms and watermarks.
7) The Canadian passport has certain features which can be seen under black light for authentication.
10) Hong Kong issues two types of passports; the Overseas British National passport for its permanent residents who were born there when it was still a British colony, and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region passport, which is a Chinese passport.
Dear Holy River, very enlightening facts about Malaysia, thanks for sharing. I am the editor of www (dot) malaysia (minus) insights (dot) com and would like to get in touch with you. Can I re-publish your articles? If so, pls write to editor (at) malaysia (minus) insights dot com Looking forward to your reply, thanks, Uwe.
[ Home ] [ The Most Important Point ] [ Bios ] [ Schedule ] [ Books and Cards by Ed Brown ] [ Contact Us ]
Should a heavy smoker pay more for health insurance than a non-smoker? What about people with genetic diseases – should they pay more? Actuaries estimate complex financial risks regarding financial and economic crises, fire or earthquake damage, population ageing, mortality etc. So, are you good with figures and complex issues? If so, Actuarial Science is definitely the programme for you, and Amsterdam is definitely the city for you!
Mathematics is one of your favorite subjects. You study mathematics at the highest possible level and achieve good grades for it.
You see yourself working as an actuary or risk manager for an insurance company, consultancy, pension fund or another financial or government institution.
You have an affinity for numbers as well as the societal reality behind them, you are a good abstract thinker and you have strong analytical skills.
You are capable of working independently: you know how to use a library. Initiative and inquisitiveness are also of great value.
If you're interested in learning more about this programme, you can watch the video presentation by programme director dr. Maurice Koster and student Stine Helmke. The content of the video is similar to the story told during the UvA Bachelor's day.
The VSAE student association supports students in Actuarial Science and Econometrics and Operations Research during their studies and has many resources for international students settle. Read more about VSAE at 'Meet the people'.
The Protection of Investment Act affords foreign investors no protections beyond domestic law, and pointedly disavows investor-state international arbitration. The SADC Protocol was also amended by the SADC Summit of heads of state and government.
The Economic Community of West African States has called for the creation of a Regional Arbitration Forum as an Alternative Dispute Resolution Mechanism to boost its economic potentials.
The Singapore High Court has set aside an investor-state arbitral award on the merits against the Kingdom of Lesotho. The case is an important one, as it concerns whether investors can use arbitration to resolve cases that were pending before the SADC Tribunal when it was dissolved by the SADC Summit in 2014.
Legal practitioners have been saying for some time now that SA’s Protection of Investment Act is not in sync with the country’s commitments under the Southern African Development Community Protocol on Finance and Investment.
The East African Community partner states have agreed on the outstanding trade issues under the Tripartite Free Trade Area (TFTA).
The brief describes the widening debate on the implications of international investment agreements for sustainable development and outlines the broad features of alternative policy approaches to foreign direct investment
This is the leaked draft chapter on Investment text from the PACER Plus Intersessional meeting in Auckland, 26-28 November 2013.
Protecting foreign investments in Sub-Saharan Africa : The SADC and its protocol on finance and investment
The SADC protocol on investment provides rights to investors, including investor-state dispute settlement provisions, in southern Africa no matter what country they hail from. Thus, it goes way beyond typical bilateral investment treaties (BITs) while protecting foreign companies operating in SADC countries without BIT coverage.
Our company is the authorized company of SINOTRUK, and mainly deal with HOWO, STEYR(KING), FOTON, DONGFENG, SHANXI, HOKA series truck sparet parts. We can supply all original SINOTRUK spare parts. For more details, please just feel free to contact me. Hope long term business relationship could be built between us. Best regards, Ms Galiya sdm1983w@yahoo.com.cn tel: 0086-0-15966319391 msn: sdm1983w@hotmail.com SKYPE: sdm1983w ICQ: 446266366 Марка/модель: Iveco
Conceptual is commonly thought of as a high-level, enterprise-wide, abstract data model. The conceptual model is the one to present to executives for an initial understanding of the data model. It may also be a preliminary model to which detail is added as the modeling process progresses.
Physical, at the bottom, is how the data is stored in a database implemented in some database management system (DBMS) or NoSQL tool, its physical realization.
Logical is something in between, adding detail to the conceptual model but free of physical implementation details which do not contribute to the logical understanding of the model. Sometimes a Relational or Entity-Relationship (ER) model is considered the logical model.
In preparation for this presentation, attendees are encouraged to view the 35 minute video from David Hay entitled “Kinds of Data Models -- and How to Name Them.” (Search on YouTube or go to: http://bit.ly/QwSkOY ). David is one of the pre-eminent thinkers and authors on data modeling. This video captures the essence of popular thinking regarding the characterization and distinctions between conceptual, logical, and physical data models. My presentation could be considered a rebuttal or contrary view to the one promulgated by David Hay.
All data modeling is driven or guided by some data modeling scheme. It tells the modeler what constructs to use in developing a data model and the rules for assembling those constructs. Examples of constructs are: entities (or objects), attributes, entity/attribute names, identifiers, keys, records, relationships, foreign keys, indexes, key-value pairs, partitions (in distributed systems), etc. Rules of normalization and integrity constraints are examples of construction rules in a modeling scheme. Some constructs are a step toward physical implementation and should not be introduced in the initial data model.
There are precedence orderings among the various constructs and construction rules. Here are some obvious examples. You must assign names to the entities or objects (and presumably some detailed description so people know what the terms mean) before they can be referenced in relationships or constraints. You must know about attributes before you can introduce records (or relations as in the relational data model). You must define keys before you can introduce foreign keys. You must define relationships before you can introduce roles or dependency constraints.
This presentation takes a closer look at the various constructs and constraints commonly used in data modeling. Then puts them into a precedence graph, from which we can identify some of the data modeling schemes in common use today.
Whoa! Gizelle Marie has that 'it' factor! Small and shapely with and nice curvy body and she's very pretty. She also has that 'it' factor when taking pictures, she's an absolute natural in front of the lens.
Talk about being photogenic, we don't think Lusinghiero can take a bad picture. Yes this is the same GGurl who we nicknamed Oli but we thought we give you something else to Google. Each one… Read More...
Classy and nude that's the way to go these days. Whenever you see a thick baddie like Tiana Marie pose suggestively (implied) naked you have to give her the spotlight. These pictures… Read More...
Got her again. One of our favorites (and most loyal) GGurls return with some smoke and fire. When I reposted one of these video on Instagram it got a lot of love on our account. Got even… Read More...
Talk about fucking cute! Talk about not having to be naked to be fine as hell. Madison Calleyusru or better known as Calley Sunshine really got it going on. Her golden body is so fit and… Read More...
Now a 53-foot vessel has been specially designed to become a flagship setting new standards for serial yacht production for this class.When designing the Hanse 531, our goal was to create as much room as possible while guaranteeing the highest degree of performance. Elongated contours combined with an almost vertical stem produce a long waterline for a higher top speed. The distinctive width of its waterline ensures high stability which permits a large sail span without excessive listing.Under sail one is constantly amazed by speed. This yacht will force you to re-evaluate a long passage. With aft-swept spreaders, a non-overlapping foresail and electric winches the rig is easy to operate, yet enables the yacht to reach impressive speeds in very little wind. Innovative design and an acute attention to detail have lead to a simple, elegant, practical deck layout.
With a choice of mahogany or cherry as well as up to 68 permutations the Hanse 531 enables you to build an unique vessel without the custom yacht price tag.
For asking infos about rates of this boat please contact Italy Yacht Charters offices or send a request for this boat. We'll provide you with detailed information about rates, availability and booking conditions.
This spectacular coastline which embraces the charming resort towns of Positano, Praiano, Amalfi and Ravello, where the narrow road laces its way around precipices defying gravity and which provides us with one of the most beautiful scenic drives in the world, invites us to imagine ourselves back in the sunny carefree days of the sixties - for here the beauty and romance of those times has not changed. Sailing along the coast, past the green terraces of grapevines, the groves of lemon and olive trees which sweep down the slopes to the clear blue water below, you are presented with a panorama of breathtaking beauty.
Ischia, Capri, Procida and Vivara: these are the Partenopean Islands in the bay of Naples. To the north of the gulf are situated Ischia, Procida and Vivara, looking toward the "Flegrea"coast (and "Flegree" is their name), while in the sotuh of the gulf, opposite to the Sorrento peninsula, lays Capri.
Ponza, Palmarola, Zannone, Ventotene, Santo Stefano, the small island of Gavi and the solitary rock of la Botte are the most extraordinary group of islands in the Tyrrhenian sea because of the variety of their coastlines, the colours of the rocks, the attractive villages and the small ports in pure Mediterranean style.
With Italy Yacht Charters you can book your sailing, motorboat or catamaran charter in Italy. From basic to luxurious boats with crew/skipper or with bareboat formula. A different way to discover the wonders of Italy with personalized and reliable services.
3. A Akanmu, C J. Anumba, J I. Messner (2011) Mechanisms for Bi-directional Coordination between Virtual Design and the Physical Construction, Proceedings of the 28th International Conference of CIB W78, Sophia Antipolis, France, 26-28 October http://itc.scix.net/cgi-bin/works/Show?w78-2011-Paper-142
If the block is not found in the cache, a disk read request is made, and the block is read into the Cache.
The value of Consistent Read is incremented each time a new block is read into a private memory area of the User, which also means that, a single block, if read multiple times, affect the value of the Consistent Read. While an in-efficient SQL contributes largely to Consistent Read, but one factor that also have significant impact is ARRAY SIZE. I am not going to discuss about In-efficient Queries, but will write on the calculation that undergoes and impact Consistent Gets.
A better way to understand the calculation is by way of an Example and as always, I will run through some of the simple queries and see the impact of the change in ARRAYSIZE to check its impact on Consistent Gets.
A simple query with 38 blocks accounted for 238 consistent gets. Does it mean 238*8192 i.e.1.8 MB of data read into the cache ? The answer is plain NO. As mentioned earlier, the blocks are read only once into the cache and is sent to the PGA of the user that require this block. Internally, the calculation for consistent gets is (NUM_ROWS / ARRAYSIZE)+NUM_BLOCKS. In my case, when I executed this query, the arraysize was unchanged and therefore was default, which is 15.
The calculation matches the Consistent Gets. One value worth discussing here is the number 200 derived from (3000/15). This value means that each of the blocks will be touched multiple times. There are 38 blocks in the table, each of these 38 blocks will be read only once in the cache, but will be touched more than once and therefore, the consistent gets for a single block access will based on the number of times, it will be visited to read all the required rows. Incidently, another statistics that matches our calculation is the “SQL*Net roundtrips to/from client” from the Autotrace output above. The value, with arrays 15 is 201, which means, 200 visits or touch to the block to fetch 3000 rows, and last visit required to check and confirm whether more rows are to be fetched.
Back to our example, let us get into more details of the calculation of Consistent Gets. The table has 3000 rows and 38 blocks. The count of rows in each of these 38 blocks is shown below.
It is clear from this explanation that a single block is read is multiple times, in our case at at average 6 times and therefore, consistent gets for each of these blocks was around 6 to 7. Run this test case with different arraysize and the calculation should match that shown in this blog. Let us run the query with different values of Arraysize and validate the calculation.
Below is the query, that can be executed to check for the approximate value of the Consistent Gets and should help you understand the way this value is calculated. The value of bind variable is to be set to the ARRAYSIZE. The Query and the details of the columns used is as under :
               (Example Block 642 has total 84 Rows, but final row count is 82 as 13 rows were read from 641 and balance
Consistent Gets are not a measure of number of blocks that are read into the cache but number of times, a block was read into the PGA. A block is read only once in the cache and touched multiple times. Our example above showed that with arraysize of 15, an 8k block was read once but was touched 6-7 times and hence had a 6 or 7 consistent gets per block. This does not mean 6*8192 worth of data. The data was read only once.
Posted by x_sridhar on Thursday, October 14, 2010, at 10:06 am. Filed under Performance Tuning. Tagged blocks- new dba career. Follow any responses to this post with its comments RSS feed. You can post a comment or trackback from your blog.
Author Topic: (Melamine Suspected) Chinese Officials Say Baby Formula Tied to Kidney Stones (Read 263965 times)
"Chinese health officials said contaminated baby formula could be responsible for an unusual spate of kidney-stone cases that are afflicting dozens of infants across China, rekindling concern about safety problems with the country's products.
"Officials are examining a suspicious increase in the number of infant kidney-stone cases in at least four provinces, the government said Thursday. In Gansu province, in China's northwest, 59 cases of kidney stones in infants have been reported so far this year -- including at least one related death, according to China's state-run Xinhua news agency. By comparison, there were no such cases reported in the previous two years in Gansu.
"China's Ministry of Health, in a statement late Thursday, said that after an initial investigation it had a "high degree of suspicion" that at least some of the cases were caused by ingestion of infant milk powder contaminated with melamine. Last year, melamine was found to be responsible for sickening or killing thousands of pets in the U.S., after the animals ate pet food containing a Chinese-made ingredient tainted with the industrial chemical.
"It wasn't immediately clear if any of the possibly tainted baby formula has been exported. The health ministry said it suspects the contaminated formula was produced by Shijiazhuang Sanlu Group Co., a dairy company based in Hebei province, and that Sanlu had announced a recall of all baby-milk powder produced before Aug. 6. Officials for Sanlu couldn't be reached for comment on the ministry's statement.
"Speaking earlier Thursday, in response to Chinese media reports that many of the sick infants may have consumed Sanlu-branded formula, a Sanlu spokeswoman said the company was conducting its own nationwide investigation, and that results from lab analyses are still pending. "There isn't necessarily a link between powdered milk and getting kidney stones," the Sanlu spokeswoman said in a phone interview. "Our products have passed quality certification and are in accordance with national standards."
"In 2006, Sanlu won a Chinese-government export license from for its milk powder, according to a statement on its Web site. But it couldn't immediately be determined to which countries it ships formula, or whether any of the possibly tainted batch had been sold overseas. The Chinese health ministry said in its statement that it has notified the World Health Organization and "relevant countries" about the situation.
"Underscoring the high stakes of the issue, however, the illnesses and the government's investigation were given prominent attention by the largely state-controlled media on Thursday. The health ministry in its statement said that the State Council, China's cabinet, considered the issue "highly important," and said that other agencies have been dispatched to inspect Sanlu's production facilities and to examine stocks of milk powder throughout the country.
"China's product safety came under intense scrutiny last year after a series of incidents involving tainted or unsafe toys, toothpaste, dumplings and other goods made in the country. The issues prompted calls in the U.S. and elsewhere for stepped-up checks of imports, and triggered harsh punishments by the Chinese government for some of those found to be responsible. That included the execution of the former head of China's State Food and Drug Administration for accepting bribes to approve drugs for the domestic market.
"China has had problems at home with bad milk powder in the past. In 2004, 171 babies were hospitalized, and more than a dozen died, after consuming counterfeit milk powder that had little or no nutritional value. At the time, officials initiated a crackdown that resulted in hundreds of arrests of officials and businesspeople who allowed the sale of the formula.
"Kidney stones are crystalline masses that, while generally treatable, can cause extremely painful blockages. They are relatively uncommon in most babies, although they do occur often in premature infants.
"It's unclear why the current spate of cases in China didn't receive attention sooner. The surge in numbers appears to have been dramatic in several locations: One doctor in the eastern city of Nanjing, in Jiangsu province, said he has seen more than 40 children with kidney stones in his hospital since July, compared to just five-to-seven such cases per year in the past.
"In addition to Gansu and Jiangsu, Xinhua reported that similar kidney-stone cases have also surfaced in central China's Hubei province, and in Shaanxi province in the north. It said that parents of some affected babies said they bought the milk at sharply discounted prices."
"Traces of cyanuramide, which can cause kidney stones, were found in Sanlu-brand milk formula, the Ministry of Health said late on Thursday. The Sanlu Group issued an immediate recall of milk formula made before Aug 6."
"Sanlu Group, a leading Chinese dairy producer, said it had found in its self-check that some of its baby milk powder products were contaminated by tripolycyanamide.
"Recently, quite a number of infant kidney stone cases were reported in Gansu and other provinces. Investigations showed that most of the baby patients had drank the Sanlu formula before.
The most recent story is WSJ and they're the ones who bring up the Chinese government's suspicions the formula contains melamine.
And still "they" say it's too expensive to do real protein testing. They want to stick to their 100+ year old nitrogen test. I see another round of letter writing in my future.
"Traces of contamination have been found in a brand of baby formula that may have killed one baby in China and sickened others with kidney stones, health officials said Thursday.
"Traces of melamine (cyanuramide), which can cause kidney stones, were found in Sanlu-brand milk formula, the country's health ministry said.
"Sanlu, a Chinese dairy company, has recalled formula made before Aug. 6. A spokesperson for Sanlu said the company is investigating whether counterfeit formula was mislabelled.
"Doctors in China's northwestern Gansu province said it is rare for babies to develop kidney stones, never mind 14 cases at once, the official Xinhua news agency and China Daily reported.
"Since then, cases have emerged at two other hospitals in Gansu, as well six other provinces in central, eastern and northern China, Xinhua said.
"One baby with kidney stones has reportedly died but there is no clear link to the milk powder, the news agency quoted a Gansu provincial health department spokesman as saying.
"Health officials in Gansu were aware of the potential risks since July 16, Xinhua said. No explanation was given for the delay in disclosure.
"Kidney stones are masses of salts or minerals that crystallize in the kidney. If the stones become large enough to stop the flow of urine from the kidney, they need to be removed surgically or by other methods.
"In 2004, at least 13 babies in China's eastern Anhui province died after they drank fake formula that investigators said had no nutritional value. The deaths prompted food and health investigations and international concern.
"Last year, the former head of China's food and drug administration was executed for taking bribes to approve untested medicine.
"Also last year, Canada's food watchdog said it had intercepted a shipment of corn gluten from China that tested positive for melamine. Canadian fish farms and pet foods have also been affected by melamine contamination."
Thinking about it, babies get the same formula every day, just as pets got the same daily food and the melamine could be used to falsify the protein content of the formula, just as it was in the "wheat gluten" and "rice protein concentrate".
well, the powers that be did not react the way they should have with "our canaries in the coal mine" and I for one knew something like this would happen sooner or later....
Wonder if this will make the mainstream media here in the US...and help to make changes sonner rather than later!
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has.” — Margaret Mead
"MELAMINE also called Cyanuramide, or Triaminotriazine, a colourless, is a crystalline substance belonging to the family of heterocyclic organic compounds, which are used principally as a starting material for the manufacture of synthetic resins. Melamine is manufactured by heating dicyandiamide under pressure. Its most important reaction is the forming resinous compounds of high molecular weight, with formaldehyde. These resins form under the influence of heat but, once formed, are insoluble and infusible. Usually formulated with fillers and pigments, they are molded into dishes, containers, utensils, handles, and the like or used as laminating agents or coating materials for wood, paper, and textiles. Formica and Melmac are well-known trade names for products based on melamine resins. Butylated melamine resins, made by incorporating butyl alcohol into the melamine-formaldehyde reaction mixture, are fluids used as ingredients of paints and varnishes."
Remember the thousands & thousands of pets that died to give US a wake-up call about the safety of ALL food and products.
I emailed this to Marion Nestle....she authored that book--Pet Food Politics and invited her to come read here!
WTF?! This is outrageous! Does China put melamine in every d--n thing they make? If there isnt a large public outcry over this, I will be even madder than I am already. And now I am even more worried about pet food if that was possible.
Let me guess: some poor schmuck will be executed, the baby formula factory will be razed in the middle of the night and the FDA will issue a blurb about how there's no reason for concern, we have the safest food supply in the world...
"Fonterra (NZ), the world's biggest exporter of dairy products, said today that it has gained approval from the Chinese government for its purchase of a 43 per cent stake in dairy company San Lu.
"San Lu, which is based in Hebei province, is China's biggest milk-powder producer and one of the 'big six' Chinese dairies that control over half of China's fresh milk market.
"While San Lu is already a long-time customer of Fonterra's, the New Zealand group is keen to gain a greater foothold in China's rapidly growing dairy sector."
BeiBei Series Products--these are the formulas shown on their website. There's a lot "missing" on it--links for QC, aftermarket guarantees, etc., have no copy on them. The site provides no information as to if any of SanLu's products are exported, which one(s), if any, and what markets they might be exported to.
"Reports in Chinese newspapers say that Chinese infant formula has been linked to kidney problems in babies there because the formula contains melamine — the same industrial contaminant that poisoned thousands of dogs and cats in the USA in 2007.
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says that no U.S.-approved baby formula is manufactured in China. However there is a "grey market" for Chinese-made formula that is sometimes sold in Asian markets in the United States, says the agency's Siobhan DeLancey.
"Melamine is a by-product of plastic manufacturing. It can be used to mimic high-protein additives such as wheat and rice gluten.
"The FDA is preparing a Health Information Advisory on the problem and expects to release it later today."
BTW--baby formula is the ONLY food product FDA has legal authority to issue a recall on, as the laws stand now.
I find it interesting that the Reuters article which many newspapers will pick up, doesn't mention that cyanuramide is melamine (and all that entails). Is that deliberate or an accident? I have contacted Reuters to ask why the history of melamine has been left out.
Darn, darn, and double-darn! I hate the fact that I am not at all surprised. Every bit of manufactured protein product is probably full of melamine. Look out for that hydrolyzed vegetable protein in sauces, mixes, and so forth!
I have had kidney stones. To think of a poor baby in the amount of pain that this causes is beyond horrible! It's the worst pain in the world, bar none. I wonder if that is what the poor pets with the melamine crystals suffered too.
The Department of Biomedical Sciences, located on the north side of the complex Vallisneri was launched on March 1, 1992.
The scientific activity of the Department is held in collaboration with several national and international institutions. The topics of study and research of the various laboratories are described in the section on scientific activities. The research carried out focus on different and complementary aspects of cellular and molecular biology, cell physiology, molecular pathology and experimental pharmacology with implications for genetic diseases and degenerative, inflammatory processes and malignancies.
The scientific activity of the Department is funded by institutional funds (MIUR, CNR, ASI, the European Community, by private foundations (AIRC, Telethon, etc..), From international institutions (NIH, HSF) and Private Companies.
Within the Department of Biomedical Sciences work 1 Section of the CNR Institute of Neuroscience (merged CNR Center for the Study of Biomembranes and Centre for the Study of Muscle Biology and Pathophysiology) staffed (8 researchers and 4 technicians) and self-financing.
The Department is associated with the Interdepartmental Research Center for Innovative Biotechnologies (CRIBI), University of Padova, actively contributing to scientific research and services that take place there.
The department has a close association with the vimm (Venetian Institute of Molecular Medicine), located a short distance structure in which they operate some of the professors and researchers of the Department.
Coronary thrombolysis revolutionized the treatment of acute myocardial infarction. Most of the experience was obtained with intravenous use of streptokinase and tissue-type plasminogen activator, the latter being superior to streptokinase in regard to coronary recanalization. Numerous other promising thrombolytic agents are being investigated. Both streptokinase and tissue-type plasminogen activator decreased ...
The use of the paramagnetic contrast agent gadolinium-diethylene-triamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA) was evaluated in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of 18 patients with an acute myocardial infarction after thrombolysis. The patency of the infarct-related vessel was assessed by coronary angiography. At 58 +/- 9 hours after infarction MRI was performed before ...
Survival of patients with acute transmural infarction is largely related to the size of the myocardial infarction. The goal of thrombolytic therapy in acute myocardial infarction is maximal salvage of myocardium by reestablishment of flow in the occluded infarct-related artery and the establishment and maintenance of a patent infarct-related artery. ...
Coronary artery rethrombosis can complicate initially effective thrombolytic therapy. Platelets interacting with injured vascular endothelium in a region along the coronary artery with reduced luminal cross-sectional area contribute to rethrombosis. The purpose of this study was to investigate the potential of the F(ab')2 fragment of the murine monoclonal antibody 7E3 ...
Activated neutrophils releasing proteolytic enzymes and oxygen free radicals have been implicated in extending myocardial injury after myocardial infarction. Neutrophil elastase was used as a marker of neutrophil activation and the non-peroxide diene conjugate of linoleic acid was used as an indicator of free radical activity in 32 patients after ...
Intracoronary tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) was employed successfully before, after, or in place of coronary artery angioplasty in four patients referred for emergency cardiac catheterization during evolving myocardial infarction. The potential roles of intracoronary thrombolysis, dose considerations for intracoronary t-PA, factors influencing the choice of plasminogen activator, and safety issues ...
Studies on experimental animals indicate that ACE-inhibition might play an important role in coronary flow regulation and reperfusion damage limitation by alleviating non-irreversible myocardial damage and reducing Hyperkinetic Ventricular Arrhythmias (HVA) caused by reperfusion. This suggests the usefulness of captopril, an ACE-inhibitor containing the -SH group, in combination with systemic ...
The results of several major trials of i.v. thrombolysis in patients with acute myocardial infarction have demonstrated the efficacy of the treatment in reducing mortality. Streptokinase and rt-PA have been shown to be effective (APSAC = anisoylated plasminogen streptokinase activator complex; GISSI = Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Streptochinasi ...
The classical approach to the treatment of acute myocardial infarction (MI) has been one of stabilization and complication management. In an effort to optimize treatment, the initiation of the cardiac care unit and the use of antiarrhythmic therapy have succeeded in lowering the mortality rate substantially. More modern concepts are ...
Randomized, placebo-controlled trials have documented that both streptokinase and rt-PA given early are associated with limitation of infarct size, improved ventricular function, and reduced mortality. Other concerns, however, documented experimentally include myocardial hemorrhage, the "no-reflow" phenomenon, myocardial "stunning," reperfusion-induced injury, and clinically, rethrombosis that occurs at a rate of 20% ...
Coronary reperfusion by thrombolysis and early beta-adrenergic blockade in acute experimental myocardial ...
The effects of beta-adrenergic blockade, thrombolysis and their combination on infarct size and left ventricular function were investigated in a canine model of thrombotic occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery. Metoprolol was administered intravenously (0.5 mg/kg) over 10 min, starting 15 min after occlusion. Recombinant human tissue-type plasminogen ...
Multiple microemboli after disintegration of clot during thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction.
Seven of 475 consecutive patients treated with thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction had severe embolic complications that were believed to be caused by disintegration of pre-existing clot. Three patients had symptoms that persisted for many weeks, and five died. Any potential site of pre-existing blood clot within the vascular system, ...
To improve further the patency rate of infarct-related coronary arteries, the following accelerated dosage regimen of recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator (rt-PA) was administered to 80 patients with acute myocardial infarction of less than or equal to 6 h duration: 15 mg intravenous bolus, 50 mg infusion over 30 min and ...
The impact of age on hospital mortality, incidence of major hemorrhagic events and transfusion requirements was examined in 756 patients with acute myocardial infarction enrolled in the Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) Phase I, open label studies and the TIMI Phase II pilot study. The mortality rate significantly increased with ...
Acute myocardial infarction shortly after negative exercise test and reperfusion by intracoronary ...
A 67-year-old man developed an acute myocardial infarction shortly after normal exercise testing. His clinical history and findings from emergency coronary arteriography suggested that coronary artery spasm followed by intraluminal thrombosis might have been responsible for the myocardial infarction. Although intracoronary thrombolysis two hours after the onset of chest pain ...
Ischemic events after successful thrombolysis have been reported to occur in 18-32% of patients treated for acute myocardial infarction with thrombolytic therapy, and previous studies in which patients received streptokinase suggest that risk of early recurrent ischemia is closely related to the presence of a high-grade residual stenosis. If these ...
The precise timing of intravenous thrombolysis and coronary angioplasty continues to be evaluated for patients who have coronary thrombosis and unstable angina or postinfarction angina. Coronary angioplasty is effective for these patients but is associated with thromboembolic coronary occlusion in 24% to 29% of cases. After adjunctive intravenous thrombolysis and ...
Preliminary clinical experience with intermittent coronary sinus occlusion in combination with thrombolytic ...
Previous experimental studies have clarified the effectiveness of intermittent coronary sinus occlusion or ICSO. We evaluated the clinical feasibility, safety and effectiveness of ICSO in the patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) who were treated with concomitant thrombolytic therapy. Implementation of ICSO was obtained in 76% of the eligible patients. ...
Although impairment of left ventricular function in acute myocardial infarction is closely related to extent of necrosis, function in the noninfarct zone also contributes to global performance and thus may be of prognostic importance. We evaluated left ventricular regional wall motion by the centerline chord method in 332 patients treated ...
Data available experimentally and from major trials suggest that the beneficial effects of thrombolysis depend on more than simple reperfusion. New knowledge regarding the dynamic nature of clot formation and clot lysis enables us to understand more of the processes involved in thrombolysis. The breakdown of systemic fibrinogen may be ...
The postmortem histology and the results of cineangiography after selective intracoronary thrombolysis in vessels that were recanalized and in those that were not were compared in 21 patients who died within seven days (mean 2 days) of selective intracoronary thrombolysis. There was a persistent intraluminal thrombus in the infarct related ...
Within four hours of the onset of acute myocardial infarction 57 consecutive patients were randomised blindly to infusion of 150 mg recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA) (group 1) over five hours or placebo (group 2) when they were first seen outside hospital or in the accident and emergency department. When ...
Recognition that myocardial infarction is caused by coronary thrombosis has stimulated a search for a safe, rapidly acting, and effective thrombolytic regimen. Tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) can provide relatively clot-selective thrombolysis, but one quarter of patients fail to achieve reperfusion, lysis speed is not optimal, and higher doses have been ...
Thrombolysis with pharmacologic agents is a valuable modality for treatment of acute myocardial infarction. The results of several clinical studies indicate that early recanalization can be elicited with intravenous agents and that it is associated with substantial reductions of infarct size, improvement of ventricular function, and reduction in mortality. The ...
To determine the association of qualitative and quantitative measurements of the myocardial infarct-related coronary narrowing with subsequent recurrent ischemia/reocclusion after successful thrombolysis, 47 patients treated with high-dose (150 mg) tissue plasminogen activator over 6 to 8 hours were studied in the setting of acute myocardial infarction. No patient underwent emergent ...
Potent pharmacological agents that rapidly induce coronary thrombolysis reduce morbidity and mortality from evolving myocardial infarction especially when administered early after the onset of ischemia. However, recanalization frequently unmasks residual, high-grade stenoses that can impair reflow, predispose to reocclusion, and limit salvage of myocardium. Coronary angioplasty performed immediately after recanalization ...
This decade has witnessed the establishment of thrombolysis, the most widely available therapeutic intervention that specifically treats the direct cause of myocardial infarction and leads to biologically and clinically compelling patient outcome benefits. The next series of investigational tasks will refine issues such as patient and drug selection and optimal ...
The emergence of coronary artery thrombolysis and angioplasty have raised new questions about the transfer of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). Since these modalities are generally limited in their availability, and since the success of thrombolysis is strongly time-dependent, the interfacility transfer of patients during AMI has become more ...
Successful thrombolysis for acute myocardial infarction reduces early mortality. For definite correction of the underlying arteriosclerotic lesion, invasive treatment is mandatory. Early bypass grafting has been performed in 70 patients with an ischemic interval of less than 4 hours before reperfusion by thrombolysis. Surgery was undertaken an average of 4.5 ...
Coronary reperfusion early after the onset of acute myocardial infarction can restore vessel patency, improve ventricular function and reduce short- and long-term mortality. A number of reperfusion methods have been used to achieve vessel patency in acute myocardial infarction, but each strategy varies considerably in its risk to the patient. ...
In the first three phases of Thrombolysis and Angioplasty in Myocardial Infarction (TAMI) multicenter trials, 708 patients received intravenous recombinant tissue-type plasminogen activator (rt-PA) and underwent detailed assessment of clinical, angiographic and ventriculographic outcomes. The cumulative experience and data base afford the opportunity to address several important questions regarding aggressive ...
The accuracy with which intracoronary thallium and technetium pyrophosphate scintigraphy during intracoronary thrombolysis predicts myocardial salvage was studied in 58 patients with acute myocardial infarction by comparing the acute scintigraphic findings with subsequent left ventricular function. Scintigrams obtained before and immediately after thrombolysis were interpreted by three independent observers using ...
Left ventriculograms were performed on 65 patients with acute myocardial infarction, once upon admission and again 3 months later. In 29 cases urokinase was injected intravenously and/or intracoronarily. The other 17 were treated without urokinase. In 8 out of 29 patients whose infarct-related coronary arteries remained completely occluded following urokinase ...
Coronary recanalization rates and changes in the coagulation and fibrinolysis system were evaluated in a randomized fashion in patients with acute myocardial infarction after intracoronary administration of single-chain urokinase-type plasminogen activator (pro-urokinase: GE-0943) or urokinase. Three groups of patients were studied: group H (n = 50), 6,000 units pro-urokinase i.c.; ...
Salvage of the ischemic myocardium by coronary thrombolysis and mechanical recanalization (simulated angioplasty) was studied in a canine experimental model of acute myocardial infarction induced by coronary occlusive thrombus at the left anterior descending coronary artery. Forty-four open-chest dogs divided into three groups were studied. Group I (n = 15, ...
Improvement of myocardial perfusion after thrombolysis assessed by thallium-201 exercise scintigraphy. Report ...
The effects of recanalization by early intracoronary streptokinase in acute myocardial infarction on myocardial perfusion were studied in a subset of 236 out of 533 patients enrolled in a prospective multicentre trial, randomly allocated to either conventional treatment or to thrombolysis. Maximal symptom-limited thallium-201 stress testing was performed nine to ...
Acute reocclusion of the recanalized infarcted vessel was observed during thrombolytic therapy in 28 or 138 patients, and during angioplasty following thrombolysis in 5 of 70 patients. The occluded vessel reopened again in 20 of 28 patients by additional administration in nitroglycerin and urokinase and in 3 of 5 patients ...
We have previously shown that the intrinsic properties of myocardium can be characterized quantitatively by the assessment of ultrasonic integrated backscatter. In this study we utilized a novel, real-time, two-dimensional system capable of quantitative integrated backscatter imaging to determine whether zones of remote myocardial infarction in dogs could be delineated ...
To evaluate the feasibility and cost savings of hospital discharge three days after acute myocardial infarction, we screened 507 consecutive patients prospectively for clinical complications and exercise-test performance. Of 179 patients whose condition was classified as uncomplicated (no angina, heart failure, or arrhythmia 72 hours after admission), 126 underwent early ...
Immediate PTCA after successful thrombolysis with intracoronary streptokinase, three years follow-up. A ...
Immediate PTCA following thrombolysis with streptokinase was performed in 46 out of 533 patients enrolled in a multicentre randomized trial of early reperfusion in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Additional effects of PTCA in patients with a residual diameter stenosis in the infarct-related coronary artery of 70% or more after ...
Ninety-two patients with acute myocardial infarction, treated with intracoronary thrombolysis within 3 h from the onset of ischemic symptoms, were studied with coronary arteriography and left ventriculography. These examinations were repeated after 2 to 4 weeks to assess the importance of duration of ischemia on recovery of regional and global ...
A 65-year-old female, presenting 32 weeks after mitral valve replacement with malaise and weight loss, was found to have a massive left atrial thrombus. She was treated successfully with streptokinase 1,000,000 units followed by anticoagulation with heparin then warfarin. The Doppler ultrasound recordings of left ventricular inflow were biphasic on ...
Coronary angioplasty immediately after thrombolysis in 115 consecutive patients with acute myocardial ...
Between September 1981 and May 1986, coronary angioplasty immediately after intracoronary thrombolysis was attempted in 115 patients with acute myocardial infarction. The present study describes our experience with this combined procedure. Primary success was achieved in 102 patients (89%). Before discharge, 79 of these patients agreed to be restudied angiographically. ...
144 patients presenting within 4 h of onset of myocardial infarction were randomised to receive either 100 mg of single-strand recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rTPA) in 3 h (n = 73) or placebo infused at the same rate (n = 71). All patients were given heparin 5000 units before the ...
Despite recent advances, problems in the treatment of acute myocardial infarction still remain. In the earliest stages of the syndrome thrombolysis holds substantial if not absolute promise but many patients present too late for it to be effective. In these latter individuals and those in whom thrombolysis was not successful, ...
We have investigated the coronary vasodilator responses to nitrates in the early stages of acute myocardial infarction before, during and after the administration of thrombolytic therapy. Before thrombolysis, intracoronary doses (2-4 mg) of isosorbide dinitrate failed to induce recanalisation of the totally occluded infarct related artery. Episodes of coronary reopening ...
To determine the risk of arterial reocclusion or recurrent ischemia after acute intervention in myocardial infarction, we analyzed the results of coronary arteriography performed acutely and at 1 week in 50 consecutive patients who received acute intervention. Successful recanalization of the infarct vessel was achieved in 46 (92%) patients after ...
Changes in ventricular function and coronary stenosis after successful intravenous thrombolysis in ...
Temporal changes in residual stenosis in the infarct-related coronary artery and ventricular function were studied in 30 consecutive patients with an acute myocardial infarction who received rapid, high dose intravenous infusions of streptokinase within 4 h of pain onset. Patients were studied 6 days and 3.9 +/- 1.3 months after ...
In the present era of thrombolysis, congestive heart failure secondary to (sub)acute coronary artery obstruction can be reduced to a considerable extent or even avoided altogether. Evidence from several recent trials in humans, aimed at restoring perfusion of the jeopardized myocardium-and thus preserving normal ventricular function-is presented. It is clear ...
Because of its enhanced activation of plasminogen in association with fibrin compared with free plasminogen, tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) evoked excitement as a potentially useful pharmacologic activator of the fibrinolytic system. Initial studies in experimental animals and patients demonstrated that it induced coronary thrombolysis rapidly and without concomitant, marked fibrinogenolysis ...
Like all NSW public schools, we can request contributions to enhance our educational and sporting programs including elective subjects. School contributions help provide additional educational resources for the benefit of students. Payment is voluntary.
If you are unable to pay school contributions because of financial hardship, you may be eligible for assistance from the school.
Our principal will ensure no student or family suffers any discrimination or embarrassment over the inability to pay school contributions.
Fairvale High School acknowledges the Cabrogal People of the Darug Nation, custodians of this land. We respect Elders past and present, and value the contribution of our Aboriginal community.
Copyright for this website is owned by the State of New South Wales through the Department of Education. For more information go to http://www.dec.nsw.gov.au/footer/copyright.
The mayor stood at the open window. His shirt-frill was very fine, and so were his ruffles; he had a breast-pin stuck in his frill, and was uncommonly smooth-shaven—all his own work; certainly he had given himself a slight cut, but he had stuck a bit of newspaper on the place. “Hark ‘ee, youngster!” he cried.
The youngster in question was no other than the son of the poor washerwoman, who was just going past the house; and he pulled off his cap respectfully. The peak of the said cap was broken in the middle, for the cap was arranged so that it could be rolled up and crammed into his pocket. In his poor, but clean and well-mended attire, with heavy wooden shoes on his feet, the boy stood there, as humble and abashed as if he stood opposite the king himself.
“You’re a good boy,” said Mr. Mayor. “You’re a civil boy. I suppose your mother is rinsing clothes down yonder in the river? I suppose you are to carry that thing to your mother that you have in your pocket? That’s a bad affair with your mother. How much have you got in it?”
“Two halves make a whole. She’s good for nothing! It’s a sad thing with that kind of people! Tell your mother that she ought to be ashamed of herself; and mind you don’t become a drunkard—but you will become one, though. Poor child—there, go!”
Accordingly the boy went on his way. He kept his cap in his hand, and the wind played with his yellow hair, so that great locks of it stood up straight. He turned down by the street corner, into the little lane that led to the river, where his mother stood by the washing bench, beating the heavy linen with the mallet. The water rolled quickly along, for the flood-gates at the mill had been drawn up, and the sheets were caught by the stream, and threatened to overturn the bench. The washerwoman was obliged to lean against the bench, to support it.
“I was very nearly sailing away,” she said. “It is a good thing that you are come, for I have need to recruit my strength a little. For six hours I’ve been standing in the water. Have you brought anything for me?”
“Ah, how that revives one!” she said: “how it warms! It is as good as a hot meal, and not so dear. And you, my boy! you look quite pale. You are shivering in your thin clothes—to be sure it is autumn. Ugh! how cold the water is! I hope I shall not be ill. But no, I shall not be that! Give me a little more, and you may have a sip too, but only a little sip, for you must not accustom yourself to it, my poor dear child!”
And she stepped up to the bridge on which the boy stood, and came ashore. The water dripped from the straw matting she had wound round her, and from her gown.
“I work and toil as much as ever I can,” she said, “but I do it willingly, if I can only manage to bring you up honestly and well, my boy.”
As she spoke, a somewhat older woman came towards them. She was poor enough to behold, lame of one leg, and with a large false curl hanging down over one of her eyes, which was a blind one. The curl was intended to cover the eye, but it only made the defect more striking. This was a friend of the laundress. She was called among the neighbours, “Lame Martha with the curl.”
“Oh, you poor thing! How you work, standing there in the water!” cried the visitor. “You really require something to warm you; and yet malicious folks cry out about the few drops you take!” And in a few minutes’ time the mayor’s late speech was reported to the laundress; for Martha had heard it all, and she had been angry that a man could speak as he had done to a woman’s own child, about the few drops the mother took: and she was the more angry, because the mayor on that very day was giving a great feast, at which wine was drunk by the bottle—good wine, strong wine. “A good many will take more than they need—but that’s not called drinking. They are good; but you are good for nothing!” cried Martha, indignantly.
“Ah, so he spoke to you, my child?” said the washerwoman; and her lips trembled as she spoke. “So he says you have a mother who is good for nothing? Well, perhaps he’s right, but he should not have said it to the child. Still, I have had much misfortune from that house.”
“You were in service there when the mayor’s parents were alive, and lived in that house. That is many years ago: many bushels of salt have been eaten since then, and we may well be thirsty;” and Martha smiled. “The mayor has a great dinner party to-day. The guests were to have been put off, but it was too late, and the dinner was already cooked. The footman told me about it. A letter came a little while ago, to say that the younger brother had died in Copenhagen.”
“Yes, certainly,” said Martha. “Do you take that so much to heart? Well, you must have known him years ago, when you were in service in the house.”
“Is he dead? He was such a good, worthy man! There are not many like him.” And the tears rolled down her cheeks. “Good heavens! everything is whirling around me—it was too much for me. I feel quite ill.” And she leaned against the plank.
“Good heavens, you are ill indeed!” exclaimed the other woman. “Come, come, it will pass over presently. But no, you really look seriously ill. The best thing will be for me to lead you home.”
“I will take care of that. Come, give me your arm. The boy can stay here and take care of it, and I’ll come back and finish the washing; that’s only a trifle.”
The laundress’s limbs shook under her. “I have stood too long in the cold water,” she said faintly, “and I have eaten and drunk nothing since this morning. The fever is in my bones. O kind Heaven, help me to get home! My poor child!” and she burst into tears. The boy wept too, and soon he was sitting alone by the river, beside the damp linen. The two women could make only slow progress. The laundress dragged her weary limbs along, and tottered through the lane and round the corner into the street where stood the house of the mayor; and just in front of his mansion she sank down on the pavement. Many people assembled round her, and Lame Martha ran into the house to get help. The mayor and his guests came to the window.
“That’s the washerwoman!” he said. “She has taken a glass too much. She is good for nothing. It’s a pity for the pretty son she has. I really like the child very well; but the mother is good for nothing.”
Presently the laundress came to herself, and they led her into her poor dwelling, and put her to bed. Kind Martha heated a mug of beer for her, with butter and sugar, which she considered the best medicine; and then she hastened to the river, and rinsed the linen—badly enough, though her will was good. Strictly speaking, she drew it ashore, wet as it was, and laid it in a basket.
Towards evening she was sitting in the poor little room with the laundress. The mayor’s cook had given her some roasted potatoes and a fine fat piece of ham, for the sick woman, and Martha and the boy discussed these viands while the patient enjoyed the smell, which she pronounced very nourishing.
And presently the boy was put to bed, in the same bed in which his mother lay; but he slept at her feet, covered with an old quilt made up of blue and white patches.
Soon the patient felt a little better. The warm beer had strengthened her, and the fragrance of the provisions pleased her also. “Thanks, you kind soul,” she said to Martha. “I will tell you all when the boy is asleep. I think he has dropped off already. How gentle and good he looks, as he lies there with his eyes closed. He does not know what his mother has suffered, and Heaven grant he may never know it. I was in service at the councillor’s, the father of the mayor. It happened that the youngest of the sons, the student, came home. I was young then, a wild girl, but honest, that I may declare in the face of Heaven. The student was merry and kind, good and brave. Every drop of blood in him was good and honest. I have not seen a better man on this earth. He was the son of the house, and I was only a maid, but we formed an attachment to each other, honestly and honourably. And he told his mother of it, for she was in his eyes as a Deity on earth; and she was wise and gentle. He went away on a journey, but before he started he put his gold ring on my finger; and directly he was gone my mistress called me. With a firm yet gentle seriousness she spoke to me, and it seemed as if Wisdom itself were speaking. She showed me clearly, in spirit and in truth, the difference there was between him and me.
“‘Now he is charmed with your pretty appearance,’ she said, ‘but your good looks will leave you. You have not been educated as he has. You are not equals in mind, and there is the misfortune. I respect the poor,’ she continued; ‘in the sight of God they may occupy a higher place than many a rich man can fill; but here on earth we must beware of entering a false track as we go onward, or our carriage is upset, and we are thrown into the road. I know that a worthy man wishes to marry you—an artisan—I mean Erich the glovemaker. He is a widower without children, and is well to do. Think it over.’
“Every word she spoke cut into my heart like a knife, but I knew that my mistress was right, and that knowledge weighed heavily upon me. I kissed her hand, and wept bitter tears, and I wept still more when I went into my room and threw myself on my bed. It was a heavy night that I had to pass through. Heaven knows what I suffered and how I wrestled! The next Sunday I went to the Lord’s house, to pray for strength and guidance. It seemed like a Providence, that as I stepped out of church Erich came towards me. And now there was no longer a doubt in my mind. We were suited to each other in rank and in means, and he was even then a thriving man. Therefore I went up to him, took his hand, and said, ‘Are you still of the same mind towards me?’ ‘Yes, ever and always,’ he replied. ‘Will you marry a girl who honours and respects, but who does not love you—though that may come later?’ I asked again. ‘Yes, it will come!’ he answered; and upon this we joined hands. I went home to my mistress. I wore the gold ring that the son had given me at my heart. I could not put it on my finger in the daytime, but only in the evening when I went to bed. I kissed the ring again and again, till my lips almost bled, and then I gave it to my mistress, and told her the banns were to be put up next week for me and the glovemaker. Then my mistress put her arms round me and kissed me. She did not say that I was good for nothing; but perhaps I was better then than I am now, though the misfortunes of life had not yet found me out. In a few weeks we were married; and for the first year the world went well with us: we had a journeyman and an apprentice, and you, Martha, lived with us as our servant.”
“Oh, you were a dear, good mistress,” cried Martha. “Never shall I forget how kind you and your husband were!”
“Yes, those were our good years, when you were with us. We had not any children yet. The student I never saw again.—Yes, though, I saw him, but he did not see me. He was here at his mother’s funeral. I saw him stand by the grave. He was pale as death, and very downcast, but that was for his mother; afterwards, when his father died, he was away in a foreign land, and did not come back hither. I know that he never married; I believe he became a lawyer. He had forgotten me; and even if he had seen me again, he would not have known me, I look so ugly. And that is very fortunate.”
And then she spoke of her days of trial, and told how misfortune had come as it were swooping down upon them.
“We had five hundred dollars,” she said; “and as there was a house in the street to be bought for two hundred, and it would pay to pull it down and build a new one, it was bought. The builder and carpenter calculated the expense, and the new house was to cost ten hundred and twenty! Erich had credit, and borrowed the money in the chief town, but the captain who was to bring it was shipwrecked, and the money was lost with him.”
“Just at that time my dear sweet boy who is sleeping yonder was born. My husband was struck down by a long heavy illness: for three quarters of a year I was compelled to dress and undress him. We went back more and more, and fell into debt. All that we had was sold, and my husband died. I have worked, and toiled, and striven, for the sake of the child, and scrubbed staircases, washed linen, clean and coarse alike, but I was not to be better off, such was God’s good will. But He will take me to Himself in His own good time, and will not forsake my boy.” And she fell asleep.
Towards morning she felt much refreshed, and strong enough, as she thought, to go back to her work. She had just stepped again into the cold water, when a trembling and faintness seized her: she clutched at the air with her hand, took a step forward, and fell down. Her head rested on the bank, and her feet were still in the water: her wooden shoes, with a wisp of straw in each, which she had worn, floated down the stream, and thus Martha found her on coming to bring her some coffee.
In the meantime a messenger from the mayor’s house had been dispatched to her poor lodging to tell her “to come to the mayor immediately, for he had something to tell her.” It was too late! A barber-surgeon was brought to open a vein in her arm; but the poor woman was dead.
In the letter that brought the news of his brother’s death, the contents of the will had been mentioned, and it was a legacy of six hundred dollars to the glovemaker’s widow, who had once been his mother’s maid. The money was to be paid, according to the mayor’s discretion, in larger or smaller sums, to her or to her child.
“There was some fuss between my brother and her,” said the mayor. “It’s a good thing that she is dead; for now the boy will have the whole, and I will get him into a house among respectable people. He may turn out a reputable working man.”
So the mayor sent for the boy, promised to take care of him, and added that it was a good thing the lad’s mother was dead, inasmuch as she had been good for nothing.
They bore her to the churchyard, to the cemetery of the poor, and Martha strewed sand upon her grave, and planted a rose tree upon it, and the boy stood beside her.
“My dear mother!” he cried, as the tears fell fast. “Is it true what they said: that she was good for nothing?” “No, she was good for much!” replied the old servant, and she looked up indignantly. “I knew it many a year ago, and more than all since last night. I tell you she was worth much, and the Lord in heaven knows it is true, let the world say as much as it chooses, ‘She was good for nothing.'”
Andrew Lang's Fairy Books Aesop's Fables Brothers Grimm Charles Skinner Joseph Jacobs Hans Christian Andersen La Fontaine Thomas Frederick Crane The Chinese Fairy Book Elsie Spicer Eells Parker Fillmore Mabel Cook Cole K. Langloh Parker Flora Annie Steel A. H. Wratislaw Sophie Ségur Elphinstone Dayrell William Elliot Griffis Jeremiah Curtin Green Willow and Other Japanese Fairy Tales
Fairytalez.com is the world's largest collection of fairy tales, fables and folktales. Discover more than 2,000 classic tales plus new stories by fairy tale fans. Join now to publish your own tales, get feedback from readers, and enter writing competitions.
When subscribing to the Fairtalez.com newsletter you are agreeing to receive Fairtalez.com newsletters.
To unsubscribe from our mailing list you are free at any time to click the unsubscribe link which will appear on all email correspondence.
*This form collects your name, email and content so that we can contact back and keep track of the feedback placed on the website. For more info Check our Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions where you'll get more info on where, how, why we store, protect and manage your submitted data!
Talk about the perfect accessory for your home or office! This hand-crafted wall clock not only commands attention but gets the job done at the same time!
*As this item is made-to-order, please allow anywhere from a few days to approximately 2 weeks before it is shipped.
Not finding exactly what you're looking for? How about customizing your very own fake food? Click here for details!
Sign up for Fallasburg Today newsletter for the latest news from the Fallasburg village, events, museum tours, maintenance projects and message from the president Ken Tamke. The first annual village bazaar is coming up on Sept. 19th & Sept. 20th from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. There is still time to sign up for merchants and crafters. Contact Tracy at gashtote@gmail.com
FallasburgFallasburg Covered BridgeFallasburg Historical SocietyFallasburg villagehistorical societyKen Tamkemaintenance projectsmuseum toursnewsletterTower Farm
!function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0],p=/^http:/.test(d.location)?'http':'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)){js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src=p+"://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs);}}(document,"script","twitter-wjs");
When it comes to a makerspace, it’s important that in between projects we kick back, relax, and party with some of our favorite games and friends. In the previous […]
The last open house of 2012 wrapped up, and I’m making a note here, huge success! It’s hard to overstate my satisfaction! We had quite the line for […]
FamiLAB is funded by our community of members, boosters, donors, and sponsors. We couldn't do it without you!
3D Printing accomplishment adam savage arduino barcamp chaosvpn Class Classes cleaning cloudspace cnc CNC Mill codedojo coding FamiLAB gaming goal Haas halloween laser laser cutter machining makerbot Maker Faire Maker Faire Orlando metalworking newstuff Open House openvpn Orlando Mini Maker Faire Orlando Science Center other groups painting party pcb Programming python Raspberry Pi reprap SNES Soldering success vpn warzone welding
but in accordance to paragraph (g).. Vida might get 2 match bans.. huhu.. i'll keep u guys updated on this matter..
erm.. the City game i think.. the handball incident?so whut about it? cuz i still can't get the gist of whut ur saying.. huhu.. ru trying to ask why Ron got that 2nd yellow?
okay..i'm getting confuse wit whut ur trying to say.. it's a red card now? who got the red card and for which game?
laa..ko sendirik pun confuse nie.. setahu aku ronaldo xpenah dpt red card against Liverpool.. die dpt red card every season pun against City.. the other one was against Portsmouth..
this season.. UNITED dah ade 3 red cards.. Vidic got both red cards against Liverpool this season.. ni dlm BPL shaja. Ron plak dpt red card against City.. handball incident tula..
haa.. so dh clear out the issue ye? masuk Vidic's red card at OT recently, for Premier League dh ade 3 red cards.. one for Ron against City and 2 red cards for Vidic.. both against Liverpool.. ok?
Homoeopathy is a system of medicine which is based on treating the individual with highly diluted substances given in mainly tablet form, which triggers the body's natural system of healing. Based on their experience of their symptoms, a homeopath will match the most appropriate medicine to the patient.
It works on the principle of “like cures like” - that is, a substance that would cause symptoms in a healthy person is used to cure those same symptoms in illness. For example, one remedy which might be used in a person suffering from insomnia is coffea, a remedy made from coffee.
Tubal ligation (also referred to as sterilization or ‘having your tubes tied’) provides permanent contraception for persons with uteruses. The most common techniques prevent pregnancy by blocking the fallopian tubes that would normally guide an egg to the uterus for fertilization. We do not do this procedure at HSHC, but we can provide a referral to a specialist that can.
The tubal ligation procedure is performed in a hospital using a general anesthetic usually by a gynecologist. There are three different techniques that may be used to perform the tubal ligation procedure:
Laparoscopy, in which special instruments are inserted through two tiny incisions (less than 1 cm long) in the abdomen.
Mini-laparotomy. This also requires a small cut in the abdomen. An incision is made just above the pubic hairline and the fallopian tubes are cut and sealed. This is a common procedure if the person has just given birth by Caesarean section, as the incision has already been made for the birth.
Fallopian tubes are cut, clamped, cauterized, tied or blocked by a clip or ring; through an electric current (cauterization); removal of a small piece of each tube; or through the insertion of tubal plugs.
Tubal ligation prevents conception by blocking the fallopian tube and stopping transport of sperm from the cervix/uterus to an egg. Ovaries continue to release eggs, but they are interrupted in the tubes and are reabsorbed by the body.
Sterilization is the most common contraceptive method worldwide and is used by 19 percent of all people with uteruses ages 15 to 49 years who are married or in a relationship.
Tubal ligation is not reliably reversible and is therefore most suitable for people who are certain they would not like to have a pregnancy or feel their family is complete.
Reproductive technology may be used be to assist in achieving a pregnancy if tubal ligation has been performed in the past and a person wants to achieve a pregnancy, but this is not often covered by traditional health services and can carry low rates of success.
Tubal ligation is permanent, effective and affordable. It is approximately 99.5% effective in preventing pregnancy.
It is very private and cost-effective. The procedure is free for people who have medical coverage in Canada.
Some people experience improved sexual pleasure because they are less worried about becoming pregnant.
Possible short-term surgery-related complications: abdominal discomfort; bruising, bleeding, or infection at incision site; reaction to anesthesia
If pregnancy does occur, there is a higher chance that it will be an ectopic pregnancy (where the embryo attaches outside of the uterus)
Tubal ligation should be considered carefully, as it is permanent and reversal cannot be guaranteed.
The decision to have a tubal ligation can be complex. Take time to assess your situation and make a decision. Be sure to discuss your thoughts and concerns openly and honestly with your partner(s).
Remember, a tubal ligation does not protect you from STIs. You’ll still need to practice safer sex to protect yourself and your partners through the use of barrier methods.
Booking an appointment with us is easy! Give us a call at 902.455.9656 ext. 0. You will be speaking with either a volunteer or a medical administrator. We cannot book appointments by email or Facebook. You cannot book an appointment for someone else, even if they are your partner or child. We will need to speak with the person directly. To book, we will need your full name, birth date, phone number, and a very brief reason for your visit. That’s it! The person on the phone will outline anything you need to know to prepare for your appointment. For most general appointments, we run very short waitlists! While this is not a guarantee, we can often book you in within 1-2 weeks from the day you call.
Make sure you bring your valid provincial health card with you to your appointment. Clients without health cards are subject to doctors and lab fees.
Don’t have access to or lost your health card? You are entitled to your health card information! Call MSI toll-free at 1-800-563-8880 (in Nova Scotia) or at 902-496-7008 from Monday-Friday 8am-5pm. We require the number and the expiry date. Another tip: take a picture of your card! You will never lose it again!
Just a reminder that our drop in STBBI testing is on tonight from 5:00 PM - 8:00 PM! First come, first served! ...
The Halifax Sexual Health Centre (HSHC) has been serving Halifax since 1970. Our health services and resources are sex positive, pro-choice, inclusive, and non-judgemental.
We are proud to announce our new NEW Pokemon Go Hack Android iOS (No-Root) New Features –. After more than two weeks of successful testing, we decided to publish this program to wider public use.
NEW Pokemon Go Hack Android iOS (No-Root) New Features – Has integrated Proxy and VPN support. Your IP address will be 100% hidden from outside internet. If you run this tool and keep it open you can even download torrents without any problems, your anonymity will be safe.
NEW Pokemon Go Hack Android iOS (No-Root) New Features – supporting Windows and Mac OS X Platforms. Latest iOS and Android platform support has been added recently, and still being tested.
All files are uploaded by users like you, we can’t guarantee that NEW Pokemon Go Hack Android iOS (No-Root) New Features – are up to date. Download and check if it’s works for you, if not, search for different version in search box. Enjoy.
Labor and Trade Unions - Featuring trade unions/trade unionists, labour/labor organizations and union activists worldwide collaborating to advanc
Featuring trade unions/trade unionists, labour/labor organizations and union activists worldwide collaborating to advance the labor movement and workers rights around the world.
Everyone’s a little guilty of overindulging during the holidays, I mean who could resist all the festive flavored drinks, the candy canes and omg the gingerbread… But, as soon as it hits January, the thing that’s on everyone’s mind is getting rid of the turkey pounds we piled on during the holiday season. So, as always, we’re here to help with some incredible, natural detox teas that will clean out your system and boost your metabolism so you’ll be back to feeling yourself in no time at all. And for those of you who are keeping it dry this January, these drinks can provide a great alternative to alcohol.
Ask any model on the runway this season, and they’ll tell you they 100% swear by this daily detox drink. So, start the day right by drinking a cup of hot water with a wedge of lemon, as it’ll help flush out all the unwanted toxins in your system and hydrate your body at the same time. The citrusy combo will also boost your immune system and help you absorb vitamins throughout the day. Another bonus is the lemon water will work as a diuretic, which will help keep your urinary tract healthy, maximizing your enzyme function, and improving the health of your liver (to make up for the beverages consumed over the holidays).
There’s no denying that Apple Cider Vinegar is a miracle ingredient. Not only does it help your skin (click here to find out why), it’s incredible for weight loss too. By drinking this tea before each meal, it’ll ease digestion and help reduce water retention so that you won’t bloat. The acidity of the vinegar will kickstart your metabolism and prevent starch from breaking down so that fewer calories will enter your bloodstream – yes, please!
Recipe: Boil a cup of water and allow it to cool for two minutes. Then mix in 1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar followed by one teaspoon of raw honey. Finish it off by adding one teaspoon of freshly squeezed lemon juice. Stir and enjoy! If you fancy a quick fix instead, you can take a shot of ACV first thing in the morning.
By drinking a ton of green tea, you’ll not only stay mega hydrated, but you’ll also increase your concentration, energy levels and most importantly your body’s ability to burn fat. It also makes it the perfect pre-workout drink as it will mobilize fatty acids and heighten your performance. No wonder it’s so popular with the celebs! The best thing is, it’s soooo affordable, so there’s no excuse for you to be caught without one in your hand! Find out more about this amazing tea here.
Cinnamon is another perfect ingredient if you’re trying to detox as it’ll stabilize your blood sugar levels so you won’t get those crazy sugar cravings. Plus, the apples will help you shed any extra pounds, as they’re an excellent source of pectin, which will keep you feeling fuller for longer and help you to resist snacking – result.
Recipe: Place two cinnamon sticks in a saucepan of warm water. Then add half an apple, with one teaspoon of raw honey. Leave the water to infuse for 20 minutes on a low heat. Serve and enjoy. In the summer months, combine the ingredients in cold water and leave it in the fridge overnight to infuse, then serve it over ice when you wake up.
Heyyyyy hudaaaaaaa I love u so much your my fashionista there’s not a day without following your Diys … And your make up is just gorggggggggggggggeousssssss like freaking love it to the core your my role model.. U give us the true feeling thT woman of types are just #beautiful!! ❤
Hi HB❤️. I am still thinking about this gorgeous giveaway that is just unreal and a dream. I have done all I could, and because of over commenting and tagging my friends I still am blocked from commenting. This means so much to me and would be the best gift ever that I’ve received. Thank you so much for this opportunity, as not having any of Huda’s products this would be the best thing ever. Lots of love to you HB team and Huda, the work that you’ve done is incredible❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ @_zahreen_x
Heyyyy HB TEAM ❤️❤️❤️I never miss any of your post, love your blog soooo mucccchhh, every single thing is soooo helpfull and useful, love you guys sooo muccchh, keep trending and keep rocking always❤️ And thank you sooo muccchh for all the giveaways I really wish to win the entire collection , it’s my forever DREAM, Wish to fulfill once in my LIFE, I’ve entered all the days of giveaways please have a look on my Instagram handle @saniyafathima28
Heyyy my ANGELS @hudabeauty and HB TEAM I jus want to say a few words, YOU guys r INCREDIBLE with all the things, Iam fully attached to you guys, I never miss any updates I never miss any of your blogs and I never miss any of your reviews sooo muchhh HELPFULL and USEFUL to Me and to everyone out here, I share every useful thing with my FAMILY and FRIENDS, I literally suggest all your amazing products to them, you guys have become part of my LIFE, ADORE the KATTANSISTERS and the HBTEAM sooo muccchh , Wish I could meet you guys, you guys have literally change my entire LIFE ❤️I can’t explain how much I love you guys, and I’ll support you guys FOREVER, and Iam a HUGE FAN of your amazing products, actually Iam a SMALL TOWN girl, we don’t even get any of your products in INDIA I really wish to WIN the entire collection of #hudabeauty, it’s my FOREVER DREAM, I hope you see my messages
Fingers crossed that I’m lucky enough. This means so much and not being able to comment anymore is gutting. I’ve spent all my time tagging in the hope that I win your gorgeous collection. This means so much Huda. And I would love this. Lots of HB team and Huda❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ @_zahreen_x
Great reading ! have all these ingredients in the kitchen will definitely try out the apple cider vinegar tea ❤️❤️❤️
Still here HB, love the makeup posts as always and not being able to comment on there is so upsetting❤️. I’ve commented so much because this giveaway means so much to me and I would be honoured to win this. I would love for this to happen and this would be a dream come true. I really do hope I’m lucky enough as this is all I’ve thought about. Lots of love @_zahreen_x
Still here HB Team, have loved the posts, the makeup is stunning and there is not enough words to describe how much this giveaway means to me. Not being able to comment because I’ve done it too much is so upsetting but I really would love to win! ❤️ I would love to win and it’s all I’m thinking about. If this was to happen I would be so honoured. It means the world and more to me @_zahreen_x
I am still wishing I am one of the lucky winners. Spent the last 12 days glued to my phone tagging all my friends, and have thought about nothing else. This means so much which is why I’ve spent so long tagging and now have been blocked from commenting. This is because this giveaway means so so much. I have looked up to Huda for such a long time and her positivity has meant so much. All three sisters have shown so much love and this is so special. I really wish to start my year with Huda’s collection. I’ve not tried the products and have always wanted to. Would love for this to happen. Thank you so much for this opportunity. Lots of love from the UK @_zahreen_x
I love green tea, favourite flavours are mango and lychee and pomegranate. They really do taste good and help with bloating. Happy New Year HB Team, thank you so much for everything that you do❤️. I love these tips they are so helpful and I’ve learnt so many new things. Wishing you a happy, successful and amazing new year so excited for what’s to come as I’m sure it will be incredible. I’m really hoping I’ve been lucky enough for this giveaway, I’ve dreamt of this for so long and this would be so special to win. I done the best I could, tagging every single day so many time to the point where I’ve been blocked. This would just be amazing and I love Huda’s products. Lots of love @_zahreen_x
Ven started inside the Hub Culture community as a way for members to exchange value with each other, all around the world, for all sorts of things. To help foster the ecosystem for Ven, Hub Culture maintains a network of online stores and physical places (called Pavilions), and a consulting function called Knowledge Brokerage based on the currency.
Why the new currency? We believe the Internet needs a global digital currency, and the fundamentals of such a new tool should be people-powered, stable, secure, equitable, and driven to help nature. Ven values principles, and its very DNA is designed to help the planet in a way that no other currency has ever done, while being easy and fun to use!
How do we do it? Ven is an “asset backed currency” which means issuance is backed with reserves, managed by the Central Ven Reserve. Since the price of Ven comes from a basket of currencies, commodities and carbon futures, the value of Ven remains relatively stable – its a global hedge.
The carbon component of the basket makes Ven green – the more Ven circulating out in the world, the more carbon the Central Ven Reserve must hold to back the circulation (along with all the other stuff in the basket). Bottom line – over 5 million trees saved since 2007, and growing land reserves dedicated to conservation around the world.
There are lots of ways to use Ven and to get involved. The first step is to simply sign up for an account at Hub Culture – from there you’re well on your way to sending and receiving Ven, for any activity.
A place for other's to know what music I listen to, what books I read to escape this world for something better...its where I come to vent and just talk
I feel like I'm losing one of my best friends. I try to talk to her but I always always get one word answers. I guess I was just that one person to keep her occupied while her other friends were busy. I would always reply as fast as I could but with me working everyday and taking harder classes at school. I just don't have as much time as I used to.
Then there's that one person. Who I've come to realize I may have liked more than a friend these past couple of years. I would love to be with that person but there's always someone in the picture. always. I don't want to cause drama and have them chose. I want to be the one they chose not the chooser. Does that make sense?
20. Hawaii. Awkward smiles in the middle of class can make anyone's day awesome =] so let me make you smile.
" Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the number of moments that take our breath away."
"When scientist finally find the center of the world, some people will be suprised to learn that they're not it"
"People who go out with anyone just to be with someone .Its like they rather be unhappy than alone."
"Or even just staying with someone when they know theres someone else out there whos better for them"
"I was a fallen Gaurdian Angel, the Gargoyle upon a church of sin and despair,a cathode ray of desolation"
"Love is presuasive. Temporary as it is so often is love, love none the less compels otherwise rational creatures to behave in the most extraordinary ways."
"Acting with Honor. Trying to keep others from being hurt. Trying to protect your family and friends and other people from harm" Astley
But they dont know you like I know you they dont know you at all Im so sick of when they say Its just a phase, you'll be ok youre fine But I know its a lie"
"I'm stretching when you're just out of reach you should know I'm ready when you're ready for me and I'm waiting for the right time For the day I catch your eye to let you know that I'm yours to hold"
"You're my addiction, my perscription, my antidote You kill the poison ease the suffering Calm the rage when I'm afraid To feel again How can I tell you just all that you are What you do me"
"If I had my own world I'd build it you an empire from here to the far lands To spread Love like Violence"
"Then I'll see your face I know I'm finally yours I find everything I thought I lost before You call my name I come to you in pieces So you can make me whole"
"I wish that I could turn back time just to have one more chance to be the man I need to be, I pray youll understand if i could hear your voice I know that I would be okay. I know that I've been wrong but I'm begging you to stay,
If you would like to send comments or suggestions about my web site, please email me by clicking on Heidi
W is just learning to climb the rope ladder, so I'm spotting and coaching him the whole way (plus he loses focus a bit while coming down this time). But I didn't want to wait until he was fully proficient before posting a video, so here he is, while still learning this new skill:
Ford Forty-Nine concept car photos - one of the models of cars manufactured by Ford. Ford Forty-Nine concept car photos received many good reviews of car owners for their consumer qualities. On this page we present you the most successful photo gallery of Ford Forty-Nine concept car photos and wish you a pleasant viewing experience. ...
This entry was posted	on mercoledì, novembre 16th, 2011 at 8:00 am	and is filed under Libri Fantasy, Recensione libro. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
UrbanSignSolutions are a Cambridge-based business providing complete signage design, manufacture and installation services for the South East England.
Design led, we offer a personal service creating for both business and home, producing highly individual internal and external solutions. Call us now for a quotation and to discuss your project.
I modded this vintage Panasonic Panapet transistor radio from the 70’s with a stereo in jack. When you get bored of listening to the AM band of weather & traffic on the 8’s just plug in your stereo mp3 player and listen to it turn into a glorious mono...
New bent Casio made by me. Pretty simple stuff really. Three switches, one reset button and I added a 1/4 inch output jack to plug into an amp or any other...
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Forest reserve of Dékpa Agbaou, an example of plant diversity conservation on mine sites in Côte d'Ivoire AU - VROH Bi Tra Aimé AU - TIÉBRÉ Marie-Solange AU - OUATTARA Djakalia AU - N'GUESSAN Kouakou Édouard PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 162 EP - 171 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-126-05 AB - After an Environmental and Social Impact Assessment of operating the Agbaou gold mine work, the company ENDEAVOUR MINING agreed to create a refuge area for biodiversity, its gold site. The present study was conducted to assess the plant diversity of this site, and its value for the conservation of flora. Floristic inventories were made in plots of 200 m2 where the presence / absence of all plant species were noted. Circumferences of tree species with dbh ? 5 cm were measured. The particular status species have been identified. Diversity indices were calculated as well as the importance values for tree species. The inventory has identified 358 species of which 31 are among those classified as rare, threatened or having different levels of endemism. These are species such as Cola lorougnonis and Drypetes singroboensis considered by national botanists as missing ivorian flora. The most important tree species are Celtis zenkeri, Pterygota macrocarpa, Mansonia altissima, Ricinodendron heudelotii, Ceiba pentandra and Nesogordonia papaverifera. All these timber species are very popular in the area because overexploitation. Shannon index varies from 1.3 to 3.57 showing a variation in level of plots degradation. The example of the Forest reserve D ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Forest reserve of Dékpa Agbaou, an example of plant diversity conservation on mine sites in Côte d'Ivoire AU - VROH Bi Tra Aimé AU - TIÉBRÉ Marie-Solange AU - OUATTARA Djakalia AU - N'GUESSAN Kouakou Édouard PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 162 EP - 171 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - After an Environmental and Social Impact Assessment of operating the Agbaou gold mine work, the company ENDEAVOUR MINING agreed to create a refuge area for biodiversity, its gold site. The present study was conducted to assess the plant diversity of this site, and its value for the conservation of flora. Floristic inventories were made in plots of 200 m2 where the presence / absence of all plant species were noted. Circumferences of tree species with dbh ? 5 cm were measured. The particular status species have been identified. Diversity indices were calculated as well as the importance values for tree species. The inventory has identified 358 species of which 31 are among those classified as rare, threatened or having different levels of endemism. These are species such as Cola lorougnonis and Drypetes singroboensis considered by national botanists as missing ivorian flora. The most important tree species are Celtis zenkeri, Pterygota macrocarpa, Mansonia altissima, Ricinodendron heudelotii, Ceiba pentandra and Nesogordonia papaverifera. All these timber species are very popular in the area because overexploitation. Shannon index varies from 1.3 to 3.57 showing a variation in level of plots degradation. The example of the Forest reserve D ER -
After an Environmental and Social Impact Assessment of operating the Agbaou gold mine work, the company ENDEAVOUR MINING agreed to create a refuge area for biodiversity, its gold site. The present study was conducted to assess the plant diversity of this site, and its value for the conservation of flora. Floristic inventories were made in plots of 200 m2 where the presence / absence of all plant species were noted. Circumferences of tree species with dbh ? 5 cm were measured. The particular status species have been identified. Diversity indices were calculated as well as the importance values for tree species. The inventory has identified 358 species of which 31 are among those classified as rare, threatened or having different levels of endemism. These are species such as Cola lorougnonis and Drypetes singroboensis considered by national botanists as missing ivorian flora. The most important tree species are Celtis zenkeri, Pterygota macrocarpa, Mansonia altissima, Ricinodendron heudelotii, Ceiba pentandra and Nesogordonia papaverifera. All these timber species are very popular in the area because overexploitation. Shannon index varies from 1.3 to 3.57 showing a variation in level of plots degradation. The example of the Forest reserve D
TY - JOUR ID - TI - PERFORMANCE AND EMISSION CHARACTERISTICS OF A VARIABLE COMPRESSION RATIO (VCR) SI ENGINE AU - Jai Preetham.R. R PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 172 EP - 186 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-128-04 AB - The compression ratio displays a dominant role in the performance of reciprocating I.C engine. All the methods to increase the power output bring along with them a host of various other problems. For instance, increasing engine speed imposes dynamic load factors and increased wear thereby reducing reliability and life. High turbo-charging results in very high peak pressures and also higher thermal loads. One method of solving high-pressure problem encountered when the specific output is increased is to reduce the compression ratio at full load but at the same time keep it sufficiently high for good starting and part load condition. Thus a fixed compression ratio engine cannot meet the requirements of high specific output and hence felt is the need for a variable compression ratio engine. The effect of compression ratio on brake thermal efficiency, CO and NOX are analyzed using Greaves MK20 SI Engine (2.28kW). The engine has a fixed compression ratio of 4.8, but the cylinder head has been modified to operate at compression ratios 3.6 to 7.4 in this project work. This engine has been used to investigate the effect of different fuels operating at three compression ratios of 4.0, 4.8 and 6.0. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - PERFORMANCE AND EMISSION CHARACTERISTICS OF A VARIABLE COMPRESSION RATIO (VCR) SI ENGINE AU - Jai Preetham.R. R PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 172 EP - 186 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - The compression ratio displays a dominant role in the performance of reciprocating I.C engine. All the methods to increase the power output bring along with them a host of various other problems. For instance, increasing engine speed imposes dynamic load factors and increased wear thereby reducing reliability and life. High turbo-charging results in very high peak pressures and also higher thermal loads. One method of solving high-pressure problem encountered when the specific output is increased is to reduce the compression ratio at full load but at the same time keep it sufficiently high for good starting and part load condition. Thus a fixed compression ratio engine cannot meet the requirements of high specific output and hence felt is the need for a variable compression ratio engine. The effect of compression ratio on brake thermal efficiency, CO and NOX are analyzed using Greaves MK20 SI Engine (2.28kW). The engine has a fixed compression ratio of 4.8, but the cylinder head has been modified to operate at compression ratios 3.6 to 7.4 in this project work. This engine has been used to investigate the effect of different fuels operating at three compression ratios of 4.0, 4.8 and 6.0. ER -
The compression ratio displays a dominant role in the performance of reciprocating I.C engine. All the methods to increase the power output bring along with them a host of various other problems. For instance, increasing engine speed imposes dynamic load factors and increased wear thereby reducing reliability and life. High turbo-charging results in very high peak pressures and also higher thermal loads. One method of solving high-pressure problem encountered when the specific output is increased is to reduce the compression ratio at full load but at the same time keep it sufficiently high for good starting and part load condition. Thus a fixed compression ratio engine cannot meet the requirements of high specific output and hence felt is the need for a variable compression ratio engine. The effect of compression ratio on brake thermal efficiency, CO & NOX are analyzed using Greaves MK20 SI Engine (2.28kW). The engine has a fixed compression ratio of 4.8, but the cylinder head has been modified to operate at compression ratios 3.6 to 7.4 in this project work. This engine has been used to investigate the effect of different fuels operating at three compression ratios of 4.0, 4.8 and 6.0.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - The Future of Laboratory Work Lab-On-Chip Device: An Overview AU - Bayan Alarishi AU - Christian Bach PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 187 EP - 191 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-133-05 AB - The technology of carrying out laboratory operations using scaled down Lab-On-a-Chip (LOC) device is really appealing. The whole laboratory being reduced into a small chip. The time taken to analyze a reaction can be reduced through volume reduction of the reagents used; the distinctive behavior of liquids at the nano scale allows increased control of molecular interactions and concentrations. The cost of reagents and the chemical waste amounts can also be very much reduced through the use of this technology. The LOCs also provide for the analysis of samples at the point of need instead of a centralized laboratory. The main aim of this research is to review about a newly device known as the Lab-on-chip device. This research was carried out to study and well understand all the aspects of this device, including its history, advantages, disadvantages, where it is applied and the challenges. It is evident that with the development of Lab on Chip devices, everything becomes better and easier. Even though the technology is at its initial stages of development, it proves to be very efficient. This clearly shows how much more will be achieved with continual development in this field. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - The Future of Laboratory Work Lab-On-Chip Device: An Overview AU - Bayan Alarishi AU - Christian Bach PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 187 EP - 191 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - The technology of carrying out laboratory operations using scaled down Lab-On-a-Chip (LOC) device is really appealing. The whole laboratory being reduced into a small chip. The time taken to analyze a reaction can be reduced through volume reduction of the reagents used; the distinctive behavior of liquids at the nano scale allows increased control of molecular interactions and concentrations. The cost of reagents and the chemical waste amounts can also be very much reduced through the use of this technology. The LOCs also provide for the analysis of samples at the point of need instead of a centralized laboratory. The main aim of this research is to review about a newly device known as the Lab-on-chip device. This research was carried out to study and well understand all the aspects of this device, including its history, advantages, disadvantages, where it is applied and the challenges. It is evident that with the development of Lab on Chip devices, everything becomes better and easier. Even though the technology is at its initial stages of development, it proves to be very efficient. This clearly shows how much more will be achieved with continual development in this field. ER -
The technology of carrying out laboratory operations using scaled down Lab-On-a-Chip (LOC) device is really appealing. The whole laboratory being reduced into a small chip. The time taken to analyze a reaction can be reduced through volume reduction of the reagents used; the distinctive behavior of liquids at the nano scale allows increased control of molecular interactions and concentrations. The cost of reagents and the chemical waste amounts can also be very much reduced through the use of this technology. The LOCs also provide for the analysis of samples at the point of need instead of a centralized laboratory. The main aim of this research is to review about a newly device known as the Lab-on-chip device. This research was carried out to study and well understand all the aspects of this device, including its history, advantages, disadvantages, where it is applied and the challenges. It is evident that with the development of Lab on Chip devices, everything becomes better and easier. Even though the technology is at its initial stages of development, it proves to be very efficient. This clearly shows how much more will be achieved with continual development in this field.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - THE PRODUCTION OF FUEL-GRADE BIOETHANOL FROM CASSAVA STARCH: A CONCEPTUAL PROCESS DESIGN AU - NEIL L. EGLOSO ME ChE PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 192 EP - 202 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-128-05 AB - This project proposes a conceptual process design for the production of bioethanol to produce an alternative fuel that can supplement the gasoline products at a very reasonable price and produces less carbon dioxide emissions which is mandated under section 5 of RA 9367, the Biofuels Law of 2006 which states that all gasoline products will have 10 percent blend bioethanol by 2011. Due to high demand, the project proposes a process design of 10,000 metric tons bioethanol per year using fed-batch fermentation process with Saccharomyces cerevisiae CBS 8066 as microorganism. The plant produces 99.80%(w/w) anhydrous alcohol based on the current ASTM specification and operates continuously with an annual production time of 7,200 hours. In order to optimize the overall process, a novel separation technique is considered in this study with respect to process design and economics by integrating pervaporation and ultrafiltration system. For dehydration and recovery of ethanol, hybrid distillation-pervaporation consists of a distillation column and an externally connected pervaporation module is used to overcome the azeotropic composition from the liquid mixtures of water and ethanol. The result is an integrated system of continuously producing bioethanol in purity up to 99.8%(w/w). ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - THE PRODUCTION OF FUEL-GRADE BIOETHANOL FROM CASSAVA STARCH: A CONCEPTUAL PROCESS DESIGN AU - NEIL L. EGLOSO ME ChE PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 192 EP - 202 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - This project proposes a conceptual process design for the production of bioethanol to produce an alternative fuel that can supplement the gasoline products at a very reasonable price and produces less carbon dioxide emissions which is mandated under section 5 of RA 9367, the Biofuels Law of 2006 which states that all gasoline products will have 10 percent blend bioethanol by 2011. Due to high demand, the project proposes a process design of 10,000 metric tons bioethanol per year using fed-batch fermentation process with Saccharomyces cerevisiae CBS 8066 as microorganism. The plant produces 99.80%(w/w) anhydrous alcohol based on the current ASTM specification and operates continuously with an annual production time of 7,200 hours. In order to optimize the overall process, a novel separation technique is considered in this study with respect to process design and economics by integrating pervaporation and ultrafiltration system. For dehydration and recovery of ethanol, hybrid distillation-pervaporation consists of a distillation column and an externally connected pervaporation module is used to overcome the azeotropic composition from the liquid mixtures of water and ethanol. The result is an integrated system of continuously producing bioethanol in purity up to 99.8%(w/w). ER -
This project proposes a conceptual process design for the production of bioethanol to produce an alternative fuel that can supplement the gasoline products at a very reasonable price and produces less carbon dioxide emissions which is mandated under section 5 of RA 9367, the Biofuels Law of 2006 which states that all gasoline products will have 10 percent blend bioethanol by 2011. Due to high demand, the project proposes a process design of 10,000 metric tons bioethanol per year using fed-batch fermentation process with Saccharomyces cerevisiae CBS 8066 as microorganism. The plant produces 99.80%(w/w) anhydrous alcohol based on the current ASTM specification and operates continuously with an annual production time of 7,200 hours. In order to optimize the overall process, a novel separation technique is considered in this study with respect to process design and economics by integrating pervaporation and ultrafiltration system. For dehydration and recovery of ethanol, hybrid distillation-pervaporation consists of a distillation column and an externally connected pervaporation module is used to overcome the azeotropic composition from the liquid mixtures of water and ethanol. The result is an integrated system of continuously producing bioethanol in purity up to 99.8%(w/w).
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Effect of Hormone Replacement Therapy on Osteoporosis and Its Complication on Adults Female Albino Rats AU - Marwan A. Ibrahim PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 203 EP - 209 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-128-09 AB - This study was conducted to show whether hormonal replacement treatment would offer ameliorating effects against abnormal alterations associated with osteoporosis in female albino rats. Two experiments were carried out, in the first experiment, the rats were randomly divided into two main groups. The first group, were let without surgery and served as control while, the second group were obeyed to bilateral ovariectomy surgery to induce osteoporosis; after 4 weeks induced acute hormonal disturbance indicated by decreased estradiols and progesterone levels. While, the level of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone were increase in osteoporosis female rats regarding to levels in normal control female rats. In the second experiment, a remarkable correction was occurred in the levels of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone by gradually decreased after 90 days of treatment. While, a considerable amelioration effect was occurred in the estradiols level by gradually increasing of levels with the time and treatment with estrogen replacement. These corrections were dependent on the time of treatment (30, 60 and 90 days). According to the pre-mentioned results, it is importance to concluding that the treatment with estradiol replacement ameliorates chance of recovery from hazardous effects of osteoporoses. The obtained data were discussed according to available obtained researches. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Effect of Hormone Replacement Therapy on Osteoporosis and Its Complication on Adults Female Albino Rats AU - Marwan A. Ibrahim PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 203 EP - 209 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - This study was conducted to show whether hormonal replacement treatment would offer ameliorating effects against abnormal alterations associated with osteoporosis in female albino rats. Two experiments were carried out, in the first experiment, the rats were randomly divided into two main groups. The first group, were let without surgery and served as control while, the second group were obeyed to bilateral ovariectomy surgery to induce osteoporosis; after 4 weeks induced acute hormonal disturbance indicated by decreased estradiols and progesterone levels. While, the level of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone were increase in osteoporosis female rats regarding to levels in normal control female rats. In the second experiment, a remarkable correction was occurred in the levels of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone by gradually decreased after 90 days of treatment. While, a considerable amelioration effect was occurred in the estradiols level by gradually increasing of levels with the time and treatment with estrogen replacement. These corrections were dependent on the time of treatment (30, 60 and 90 days). According to the pre-mentioned results, it is importance to concluding that the treatment with estradiol replacement ameliorates chance of recovery from hazardous effects of osteoporoses. The obtained data were discussed according to available obtained researches. ER -
This study was conducted to show whether hormonal replacement treatment would offer ameliorating effects against abnormal alterations associated with osteoporosis in female albino rats. Two experiments were carried out, in the first experiment, the rats were randomly divided into two main groups. The first group, were let without surgery and served as control while, the second group were obeyed to bilateral ovariectomy surgery to induce osteoporosis; after 4 weeks induced acute hormonal disturbance indicated by decreased estradiols and progesterone levels. While, the level of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone were increase in osteoporosis female rats regarding to levels in normal control female rats. In the second experiment, a remarkable correction was occurred in the levels of follicular stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone by gradually decreased after 90 days of treatment. While, a considerable amelioration effect was occurred in the estradiols level by gradually increasing of levels with the time and treatment with estrogen replacement. These corrections were dependent on the time of treatment (30, 60 & 90 days). According to the pre-mentioned results, it is importance to concluding that the treatment with estradiol replacement ameliorates chance of recovery from hazardous effects of osteoporoses. The obtained data were discussed according to available obtained researches.
Impact of Dividend Policy on Shareholders' Wealth: A Study of Selected Manufacturing Industries of Pakistan
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Dividend Policy on Shareholders' Wealth: A Study of Selected Manufacturing Industries of Pakistan AU - Zafar Iqbal AU - Muhammad Arfaq Waseem AU - Muhammad Asad PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 210 EP - 215 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-129-02 AB - This study examines the impact of dividend policy on shareholders' wealth in context of Pakistan. Thirty five companies randomly from three sectors; Textile, Sugar and Chemical are observed in the study. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings showed that dividend policy of the firm has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth. Similarly firm growth rate also has significant positive impact on shareholders' wealth. Firm size has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth; indicating that large domain of operations of a business make it more capable to exploit maximum opportunities and in position to earn greater amount of return due to greater growth prospects so it ultimately place greater value to shares of large size companies. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of dividend to be distributed so that shareholders wealth could be maximized. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Dividend Policy on Shareholders' Wealth: A Study of Selected Manufacturing Industries of Pakistan AU - Zafar Iqbal AU - Muhammad Arfaq Waseem AU - Muhammad Asad PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 210 EP - 215 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - This study examines the impact of dividend policy on shareholders' wealth in context of Pakistan. Thirty five companies randomly from three sectors; Textile, Sugar and Chemical are observed in the study. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings showed that dividend policy of the firm has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth. Similarly firm growth rate also has significant positive impact on shareholders' wealth. Firm size has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth; indicating that large domain of operations of a business make it more capable to exploit maximum opportunities and in position to earn greater amount of return due to greater growth prospects so it ultimately place greater value to shares of large size companies. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of dividend to be distributed so that shareholders wealth could be maximized. ER -
This study examines the impact of dividend policy on shareholders' wealth in context of Pakistan. Thirty five companies randomly from three sectors; Textile, Sugar and Chemical are observed in the study. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings showed that dividend policy of the firm has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth. Similarly firm growth rate also has significant positive impact on shareholders' wealth. Firm size has significant positive impact on shareholders wealth; indicating that large domain of operations of a business make it more capable to exploit maximum opportunities and in position to earn greater amount of return due to greater growth prospects so it ultimately place greater value to shares of large size companies. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of dividend to be distributed so that shareholders wealth could be maximized.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Leverage on Dividend Payment Behavior of Pakistani Manufacturing Firms AU - Muhammad Asad AU - Saddia Yousaf PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 216 EP - 221 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-129-04 AB - This paper examines the impact of leverage on dividend payment pattern of Pakistani manufacturing firms. 44 companies from five different sectors having regular dividend payment history are included in sample. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings show that leverage has significant negative impact on dividend payment pattern of sampled firms. Dummies variable used to identify the sector specific impact of leverage on dividend payment reveal that affect of leverage on dividend distribution in sugar and textile industry behave differently as compare to other sectors. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of leverage and dividend policy by highlighting the interaction between leverage and dividend payment pattern. That in turn ensures the equity market stability. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Impact of Leverage on Dividend Payment Behavior of Pakistani Manufacturing Firms AU - Muhammad Asad AU - Saddia Yousaf PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 216 EP - 221 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - This paper examines the impact of leverage on dividend payment pattern of Pakistani manufacturing firms. 44 companies from five different sectors having regular dividend payment history are included in sample. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings show that leverage has significant negative impact on dividend payment pattern of sampled firms. Dummies variable used to identify the sector specific impact of leverage on dividend payment reveal that affect of leverage on dividend distribution in sugar and textile industry behave differently as compare to other sectors. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of leverage and dividend policy by highlighting the interaction between leverage and dividend payment pattern. That in turn ensures the equity market stability. ER -
This paper examines the impact of leverage on dividend payment pattern of Pakistani manufacturing firms. 44 companies from five different sectors having regular dividend payment history are included in sample. The annual data for these companies from 2006 to 2011 is used in the study. Simple OLS technique for analysis is used to derive the results of the study. The findings show that leverage has significant negative impact on dividend payment pattern of sampled firms. Dummies variable used to identify the sector specific impact of leverage on dividend payment reveal that affect of leverage on dividend distribution in sugar and textile industry behave differently as compare to other sectors. The results of study help the corporate management to better decide the level of leverage and dividend policy by highlighting the interaction between leverage and dividend payment pattern. That in turn ensures the equity market stability.
Logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners, comments are property of their posters, the rest is © 2004 - 2006 by Jörg Schirottke (Kano).
Consult Impressum and Legal Terms for details. Kanotix is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL license.
Living Rooms Good colors. Comfortable yet upscale. A little bit too 'hotel lobby' - would want more character and less staged. But like it overall
grey black white living room | Interior painting idea using gray as the base color with highlight ...
Oh I forgot to mention that the blue cruisers escort my buses to and from everywhere, so its a real cool hoax! I bara mässingen
pb?Paperback. Typically 7" by 4.25" (18 cm by 11 cm) or smaller, though trimming errors can cause them to sometimes be slightly (less than 1/4 extra inch) taller or wider/deeper.
ebook?Used for all electronic formats, including but not limited to EPUB, eReader, HTML, iBook, Mobipocket, and PDF.
View all covers for The Winter Players (logged in users can change User Preferences to always display covers on this page)
tp?Trade paperback. Any softcover book which is at least 7.25" (or 19 cm) tall, or at least 4.5" (11.5 cm) wide/deep.
View all covers for Yesterday (logged in users can change User Preferences to always display covers on this page)
We are proud to offer international shipping services that currently operate in over 200 countries and islands world wide. Nothing means more to us than bringing our customers great value and service. We will continue to grow to meet the needs of all our customers, delivering a service beyond all expectation anywhere in the world.
Yes. We provide free shipping to over 200 countries around the world. However, there are some locations we are unable to ship to. If you happen to be located in one of those countries we will contact you.
We are not responsible for any custom fees once the items have shipped. By purchasing our products, you consent that one or more packages may be shipped to you and may get custom fees when they arrive to your country.
Yes, you will receive an email once your order ships that contains your tracking information. If you haven’t received tracking info within 5 days, please contact us.
For some shipping companies, it takes 2-5 business days for the tracking information to update on the system.	If your order was placed more than 5 business days ago and there is still no information on your tracking number, please contact us.
For logistical reasons, items in the same purchase will sometimes be	sent in separate packages, even if you've specified combined shipping.
All orders can be cancelled until they are shipped. If your order has been paid and you need to make a change or cancel an order, you must contact us within 12 hours. Once the packaging and shipping process has started, it can no longer be cancelled.
Your satisfaction is our #1 priority. Therefore, if you’d like a refund you can request one no matter the reason.
If you did not receive the product within the guaranteed time( 45 days not including 2-5 day processing) you can request a refund or a reshipment.
If you do not want the product you’ve received you may request a refund but you must return the item at your expense and the item must be unused.
Your order did not arrive due to factors within your control (i.e. providing the wrong shipping address)
Your order did not arrive due to exceptional circumstances outside the control of Giftsegment.com - girlfriend gift ideas (i.e. not cleared by customs, delayed by a natural disaster).
*You can submit refund requests within 15 days after the guaranteed period for delivery (45 days) has expired. You can do it by sending a message on Contact Us page
If you are approved for a refund, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within 14 days.
If for any reason you would like to exchange your product, perhaps for a different size in clothing. You must contact us first and we will guide you through the steps.
What makes Gig Harbor such a great place to call home? This is the question Real estate broker, Tom Tuttle of Gig Harbor, set out to answer. PierceCountyHouses.com
The short answer, the Gig Harbor community provides a better way of life. The long answer: 365 Days of Things To Do Around Gig Harbror, WA. On a daily basis, Tom chronicles the places, possibilities and events that make our community so special!
Surrounded by views of the Olympic and Cascade mountains with miles of shoreline and deep water bays of the South Puget Sound, the setting is ideal for any life style. With a pluthera of activities, festivals, entertainment venues, restaurants and recreational possibilities abound, it's easy to "Sell the Gig Harbor community".
Most Gig Harbor residents would prefer to keep our community a secret fearing an influx of outsiders, a rise in population and a decline in the quality of life. So, why rock the boat? Successful homeownership leads to increased wealth and more stable families, which leads to stronger neighborhoods and communities — overall, a better way of life.
Range: Summer resident in most of the United States, north to far Southern Yukon, Alaska, and the southern end of Hudson Bay. Breeder or migrant through Northern Mexico; year-round or winter resident in Southern Mexico. Winters through all of South America.
Relatively large and slender with long wings and a long, deeply forked tail. Glossy dark blue on rump, back, and crown. Dark wings and face. Adult males are burnt orange below, while females and immatures are buffer to almost white on the underparts. In all plumages the throat and forehead are chestnut-orange. Juveniles have shorter tails than adults. The Eurasian subspecies is similar to the American subspecies, but has a darker rufous throat and forehead, a blue breast band, much whiter belly, and longer tail. Flight is much more willowy than other swallows.
Inhabits a wide variety of open areas, including rivers and lakes, agricultural areas, grassy fields, or sandy areas.
May form very large roosts. Forages low over fields or water with swoops and glides. Often builds its nest under the eaves or barns or other out buildings.
As they fly and feed, barn swallows call incessantly. None of my bird guides seem to know why. Is the calling social here I am? Echo location? Or competitive "I've got it!"?
Dan Mitchell added Barn Swallow to their McDonald Lake, Glacier National Park, Montana smart list 8/09/2011 at 4:32PM
BirdFellow is the original social field guide. We offer web-based birding content, tools, and services.
Climate change presents added risks as well as related opportunities for the insurance industry and financial sector. Implications must be evaluated for property, casualty and life insurance industry segments as well as for the financial sector more broadly. While climate change exacerbates the existing volatility of these markets, it also inherently creates opportunities for product development. Florida is a unique contributor to both the risk and opportunity since the state is the world’s largest insured catastrophe region. The state of Florida itself is heavily leveraged as insurer for much of the cost of extreme weather in the form of hurricanes and other tropical storms. Unlike other insurance risk bearers, however, this state cost of risk cannot be offset by commensurate market opportunity. Increased volatility in insurance, reinsurance, and capital markets are all challenges for Florida, with potentially adverse collateral effects on residual insurance market pressures, policyholder assessments, state debt, and tax strategies. Insurance industry initiatives, to the extent they are successful, can have a balancing effect on these challenges.
Terms and Conditions: Readers may view, browse, and/or download material for temporary copying purposes only, provided these uses are for noncommercial personal purposes. Except as provided by law, this material may not be further reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, adapted, performed, displayed, published, or sold in whole or in part, without prior written permission from the Florida Climate Institute. https://floridaclimateinstitute.org/resources/florida-climate-book
Are you a FSZONE member? Submit your own Flight Simulator related news stories here in the news forum.
If you have a newsletter subscription service, please feel free to add news@fszone.org to the mailing list. Be sure to provide details, links, and images if possible for each story.
If you would like us to pull your articles from an RSS Feed, we can set this up. Please email us with the Link to the RSS Feed, at news@fszone.org.
All Carenado aircraft for X-Plane will have the same quality standards as they have in FSX and FS2004. Detailed models, realistic textures, custom instruments, realistic behavior and friendly FPS, making the flight experience very close to reality.
The company chose the Mooney M20J as it first aircraft for this platform. The aircraft should be ready for sale during September, 2010.
Carenado has plans to develop most of its current FSX fleet for X-Plane and continue developing for FSX.
Hi guys, I have an emergent imbricate fan with 10 or so stacked thrust faults in limestones. I don't know if the lowermost thrust is the floor thrust because the sequence may continue into a lake. When drawing a cross section, are there any ways of estimating the depth of the floor thrust? I know the angles of most of the fault planes and the distances between the fault traces, and can estimate quite a few of the offsets. Thanks.
Hong-Hai Environment Science Co., Ltd is a company, with the target of promoting green buildings, in accordance with government policies. With 15 years experience of planning & designing, manufacturing and construction technology, we participated in most of the well known building/facility design and construction projects in Taiwan.
’s 현금바둑이사이트 counterpart 분석 in the talks. Hwang had attended the inter-Korean high-level meeting held on Jan. 9., where the North agreed to send a 150-member delegation,
Crowns, capes, wands and fancy dress items – designed and made with care so that little one’s can enjoy years of playful adventure, then items can be passed on.
Biodegradable Glitter (plastic free), Eco Beeswax wraps and washable wipes and face pads – reusable and eco friendly swaps for everyday family items that are damaging to the environment or thrown away after a single use.
Cards and artwork – left over fabric from our makes is turned into beautiful machine embroidered cards and art work.
Unique Little Ones is a small local company making made to order and unique gifts for children and the home.
I have beautiful things to accessorise your child’s bedroom or nursery, and that special gift for a friend or family member that you’re looking for.
No car today so enjoying a lovely morning in the village - so lucky to live somewhere so lovely. #lovelocal #autumn #sunnyday #Worcestershire #familylife #familylifeworcestershire
OBIEE, OBI Apps, ODI, Informatica, Essbase, BI Publisher...you name it. The OBI suite entails them all and more. I will talk mainly about its technical aspects, interesting findings and noteworthy solutions, but will definitely throw in some random weirdness.
I recently deployed a new RPD to one of my BI servers and after restarting the coreapplication, wasn't able to log on anymore - the login process hung at "Singing in..." indefinitely.
1.) The new RPD used connections to a datasource situated on a different database (other than the primary DWH) which were utilised in new initialization blocks which fired upon login (no "deferred execution").
2.) The TNSNAMES on the BI server machine had contained all necessary connectivity information until the night before, but had been reset to a default configuration during the night for some reason and only retained the primary DWH.
3.) This caused the login process to hang indefinitely without any meaningful errors being logged and hence nothing was visible in Enterprise Manager.
4.) Restoring the TNSNAMES with all relevant DB entries removed the error and login was possible again.
[ Intensive agricultural landscape with the Tunisian mid-west: A tentative of an integrated eco-pommoicole management into Foussana ]
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Paysage agricole intensif au centre-ouest tunisien : Essai d'une gestion intégrée éco-pommoïcole à Foussana AU - Ilahi Hayet AU - Saadaoui Islem AU - Robin Bryant Christopher AU - Rejeb Hichem PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 222 EP - 231 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-129-06 AB - In countries with arid and semi-arid climate such as Tunisia, the over-exploitation of ground water resources became intolerable, in particular that of the delegation of Foussana located in the mid-west of Tunisia, object of this study. This situation of overexploitation requires the characterization of the agricultural landscape and the characterization of water resources using a Geographical Information System SIG: ArcGis 9.3. The approach followed in this work is articulate on the installation of an agricultural and hydrological database; these plans of information were combined by methods of multicriterion analysis through the software ArcMap 9.3 to produce cards sets of themes which make it possible to describe the agricultural landscape in this area and to represent the hydrological potentialities of Foussana. Spatialization presents one of the best approaches to characterize the landscape of the area. Thus, this work enabled us to traverse the territories while revealing the wealth in water resources which present a factor supporting the differentiation of the agrarian landscapes in a typology of "rainfed agriculture" (83.4%) and of "modernized agriculture" (16.5%) requires large amounts of water. The irrigated area accounts 179.6 ha (between cultivations of cereals, arboriculture, truck farming and fodder) in 1980, to attain 4620 ha in 2010, for example the apple orchard landscape very demanding of water factor, which accounts for 50% of arboriculture sector in the study zone. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Paysage agricole intensif au centre-ouest tunisien : Essai d'une gestion intégrée éco-pommoïcole à Foussana AU - Ilahi Hayet AU - Saadaoui Islem AU - Robin Bryant Christopher AU - Rejeb Hichem PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 222 EP - 231 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - In countries with arid and semi-arid climate such as Tunisia, the over-exploitation of ground water resources became intolerable, in particular that of the delegation of Foussana located in the mid-west of Tunisia, object of this study. This situation of overexploitation requires the characterization of the agricultural landscape and the characterization of water resources using a Geographical Information System SIG: ArcGis 9.3. The approach followed in this work is articulate on the installation of an agricultural and hydrological database; these plans of information were combined by methods of multicriterion analysis through the software ArcMap 9.3 to produce cards sets of themes which make it possible to describe the agricultural landscape in this area and to represent the hydrological potentialities of Foussana. Spatialization presents one of the best approaches to characterize the landscape of the area. Thus, this work enabled us to traverse the territories while revealing the wealth in water resources which present a factor supporting the differentiation of the agrarian landscapes in a typology of "rainfed agriculture" (83.4%) and of "modernized agriculture" (16.5%) requires large amounts of water. The irrigated area accounts 179.6 ha (between cultivations of cereals, arboriculture, truck farming and fodder) in 1980, to attain 4620 ha in 2010, for example the apple orchard landscape very demanding of water factor, which accounts for 50% of arboriculture sector in the study zone. ER -
In countries with arid and semi-arid climate such as Tunisia, the over-exploitation of ground water resources became intolerable, in particular that of the delegation of Foussana located in the mid-west of Tunisia, object of this study. This situation of overexploitation requires the characterization of the agricultural landscape and the characterization of water resources using a Geographical Information System SIG: ArcGis 9.3. The approach followed in this work is articulate on the installation of an agricultural and hydrological database; these plans of information were combined by methods of multicriterion analysis through the software ArcMap 9.3 to produce cards sets of themes which make it possible to describe the agricultural landscape in this area and to represent the hydrological potentialities of Foussana. Spatialization presents one of the best approaches to characterize the landscape of the area. Thus, this work enabled us to traverse the territories while revealing the wealth in water resources which present a factor supporting the differentiation of the agrarian landscapes in a typology of "rainfed agriculture" (83.4%) and of "modernized agriculture" (16.5%) requires large amounts of water. The irrigated area accounts 179.6 ha (between cultivations of cereals, arboriculture, truck farming and fodder) in 1980, to attain 4620 ha in 2010, for example the apple orchard landscape very demanding of water factor, which accounts for 50% of arboriculture sector in the study zone.
Review of Performance of Rectangular Fins under Natural Convection at Different Orientation of Heat Sink
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Review of Performance of Rectangular Fins under Natural Convection at Different Orientation of Heat Sink AU - A.A. Walunj AU - V.S. Daund AU - D.D. Palande PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 232 EP - 238 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-128-02 AB - Among heat transfer augmentation techniques, passive cooling technique found more suitable for electronic cooling than active technique. In this paper, natural convection heat transfer analysis through rectangular fins is reviewed. Various experimental studies have been made to investigate effect of fin height, fin spacing, fin length and fin thickness over convective heat transfer. Effects of thermodynamic properties like heat input, base-to-ambient temperature difference are also studied by many researchers. Some investigators make known sets of correlations screening the relation between various parameters of heat sink. Experiments are taken by some researchers for upward and downward facing rectangular fins. Also, trivial investigation has been carried out for different angle of inclination of the heat sink. The sensitivity of inclination over geometric parameters found to be great importance. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Review of Performance of Rectangular Fins under Natural Convection at Different Orientation of Heat Sink AU - A.A. Walunj AU - V.S. Daund AU - D.D. Palande PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 232 EP - 238 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - Among heat transfer augmentation techniques, passive cooling technique found more suitable for electronic cooling than active technique. In this paper, natural convection heat transfer analysis through rectangular fins is reviewed. Various experimental studies have been made to investigate effect of fin height, fin spacing, fin length and fin thickness over convective heat transfer. Effects of thermodynamic properties like heat input, base-to-ambient temperature difference are also studied by many researchers. Some investigators make known sets of correlations screening the relation between various parameters of heat sink. Experiments are taken by some researchers for upward and downward facing rectangular fins. Also, trivial investigation has been carried out for different angle of inclination of the heat sink. The sensitivity of inclination over geometric parameters found to be great importance. ER -
Among heat transfer augmentation techniques, passive cooling technique found more suitable for electronic cooling than active technique. In this paper, natural convection heat transfer analysis through rectangular fins is reviewed. Various experimental studies have been made to investigate effect of fin height, fin spacing, fin length and fin thickness over convective heat transfer. Effects of thermodynamic properties like heat input, base-to-ambient temperature difference are also studied by many researchers. Some investigators make known sets of correlations screening the relation between various parameters of heat sink. Experiments are taken by some researchers for upward and downward facing rectangular fins. Also, trivial investigation has been carried out for different angle of inclination of the heat sink. The sensitivity of inclination over geometric parameters found to be great importance.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Dynamics of phosphorus in water and sediments of a subtropical reservoir (Salta, Argentina) AU - María Laura Lamas AU - María Mónica Salusso PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 239 EP - 247 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-131-01 AB - General Belgrano reservoir, in a subtropical region of the province of Salta, is one of the most important in Argentina because of its size and purposes. Previous studies indicate a high speed of increasing its trophic state, adversely affecting the quality of the resource. This paper characterizes the structure (grain size, organic matter content) and amount of phosphorus fractions in sediments, to establish its dynamics during the transition from stratification until mix period. Physical-chemical major variables (temperature, pH, redox potential, conductivity) and phosphorus content (total, reactive soluble and organic) were analyzed according to standardized techniques, at three Secchi depths, interfase and sediment, from March to July, 2011. Water quality in all sites showed high uniformity: it was slightly basic with high conductivity and low concentration of bioavailable phosphorus indicating the extreme mobility of the nutrient in the food chain. The sediments, whose characteristics differed significantly from the overhead compartments, were neutral, with highest conductivity and redox potential values indicating anoxia throughout the study. The tributaries zones have clayey composition, while the lentic area is sandy, which is related to the raised content of phosphorus adsorbed in the first ones. The great amount of phosphorus in sediments demonstrated its relevance as a source of internal eutrophication of the reservoir. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Dynamics of phosphorus in water and sediments of a subtropical reservoir (Salta, Argentina) AU - María Laura Lamas AU - María Mónica Salusso PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 239 EP - 247 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - General Belgrano reservoir, in a subtropical region of the province of Salta, is one of the most important in Argentina because of its size and purposes. Previous studies indicate a high speed of increasing its trophic state, adversely affecting the quality of the resource. This paper characterizes the structure (grain size, organic matter content) and amount of phosphorus fractions in sediments, to establish its dynamics during the transition from stratification until mix period. Physical-chemical major variables (temperature, pH, redox potential, conductivity) and phosphorus content (total, reactive soluble and organic) were analyzed according to standardized techniques, at three Secchi depths, interfase and sediment, from March to July, 2011. Water quality in all sites showed high uniformity: it was slightly basic with high conductivity and low concentration of bioavailable phosphorus indicating the extreme mobility of the nutrient in the food chain. The sediments, whose characteristics differed significantly from the overhead compartments, were neutral, with highest conductivity and redox potential values indicating anoxia throughout the study. The tributaries zones have clayey composition, while the lentic area is sandy, which is related to the raised content of phosphorus adsorbed in the first ones. The great amount of phosphorus in sediments demonstrated its relevance as a source of internal eutrophication of the reservoir. ER -
General Belgrano reservoir, in a subtropical region of the province of Salta, is one of the most important in Argentina because of its size and purposes. Previous studies indicate a high speed of increasing its trophic state, adversely affecting the quality of the resource. This paper characterizes the structure (grain size, organic matter content) and amount of phosphorus fractions in sediments, to establish its dynamics during the transition from stratification until mix period. Physical-chemical major variables (temperature, pH, redox potential, conductivity) and phosphorus content (total, reactive soluble and organic) were analyzed according to standardized techniques, at three Secchi depths, interfase and sediment, from March to July, 2011. Water quality in all sites showed high uniformity: it was slightly basic with high conductivity and low concentration of bioavailable phosphorus indicating the extreme mobility of the nutrient in the food chain. The sediments, whose characteristics differed significantly from the overhead compartments, were neutral, with highest conductivity and redox potential values indicating anoxia throughout the study. The tributaries zones have clayey composition, while the lentic area is sandy, which is related to the raised content of phosphorus adsorbed in the first ones. The great amount of phosphorus in sediments demonstrated its relevance as a source of internal eutrophication of the reservoir.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - The Influence of Patrimonialism, Guanxi and Xinyong on Partnership Relationship in Chinese SMEs in Jakarta, Indonesia AU - Edi Purwanto PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 248 EP - 256 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-131-02 AB - This study is conducted in Jakarta among Chinese SMEs. It tested influence patrimonialism on guanxi and xinyong, and influence guanxi on xinyong, and influence guanxi and xinyong on partnership relationship. This study finds that patrimonialism has significantly effect on guanxi and xingong. Guanxi has negative effect on partnership relationship, but guanxi has positive and significantly effect on xinyong and xinyong has significantly effect on partnership relationship. So through this result of the research, it is known that partnership relationship among Chinese SMEs in Jakarta is built on personal and trust relationship (guanxi and xinyong) as mediating between patrimonialism and partnership relationship. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - The Influence of Patrimonialism, Guanxi and Xinyong on Partnership Relationship in Chinese SMEs in Jakarta, Indonesia AU - Edi Purwanto PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 248 EP - 256 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - This study is conducted in Jakarta among Chinese SMEs. It tested influence patrimonialism on guanxi and xinyong, and influence guanxi on xinyong, and influence guanxi and xinyong on partnership relationship. This study finds that patrimonialism has significantly effect on guanxi and xingong. Guanxi has negative effect on partnership relationship, but guanxi has positive and significantly effect on xinyong and xinyong has significantly effect on partnership relationship. So through this result of the research, it is known that partnership relationship among Chinese SMEs in Jakarta is built on personal and trust relationship (guanxi and xinyong) as mediating between patrimonialism and partnership relationship. ER -
This study is conducted in Jakarta among Chinese SMEs. It tested influence patrimonialism on guanxi and xinyong, and influence guanxi on xinyong, and influence guanxi and xinyong on partnership relationship. This study finds that patrimonialism has significantly effect on guanxi and xingong. Guanxi has negative effect on partnership relationship, but guanxi has positive and significantly effect on xinyong and xinyong has significantly effect on partnership relationship. So through this result of the research, it is known that partnership relationship among Chinese SMEs in Jakarta is built on personal and trust relationship (guanxi and xinyong) as mediating between patrimonialism and partnership relationship.
Contribution to the study of the flora in the central-west of Tunisia: landscape dynamics and evaluation of plant biodiversity of mountain Bouchebka
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Contribution to the study of the flora in the central-west of Tunisia: landscape dynamics and evaluation of plant biodiversity of mountain Bouchebka AU - Saadaoui Islem AU - Ilahi Hayet AU - Robin Bryant Christopher AU - Rejeb Hichem PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 257 EP - 268 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-131-03 AB - The study was conducted during 2013 in Bouchebka, located in the central west of Tunisia.Such territory has a typical landscape of the transfrontier region. The series of the forest in Bouchebka is a part of the great mass of Aleppo pine. It is distinguished by the importance of the forest area which covers 92 % of the surface area (19,700 ha). The study attempts to inventory the natural vegetation and characterize ecological terms while highlighting the importance of environmental conditions. The method is based on a phytoecological analysis to quantify the floristic richness and diversity of the ecosystem in the forest of mountains in Bouchebka on the basis of floristic surveys and transects distributed in a stratified, systematic sampling in different vegetation formations that were previously distinguished. Statistical analyzes were performed using the Factorial Correspondence Analysis (FCA). The results show that the forest is composed primarily of the Aleppo pine trees, these forests are characterized by the abundance of young feet (10-25 cm diameter class). The ecosystem includes 12 families and 17 genera, 26 species. Thus the study has identified that the biological spectrum of the study area is characterized by a clear dominance of shrubs (41%) and chamaephytes (32 %). The distribution of plant species is influenced by ecological features of the region: the results show that 82% of species are drought tolerant which shows the arid environment. The region is also characterized by its windy side: 32% of species spread via anemochory. Factor analysis showed a pastoral aspect in the study area, with a presence of cultured human action exerted on the forest land species. Phytological spectrum indicates a predominance of woody species reflecting a territory dominated by open grassy areas, predominantly reflecting an arid climate. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Contribution to the study of the flora in the central-west of Tunisia: landscape dynamics and evaluation of plant biodiversity of mountain Bouchebka AU - Saadaoui Islem AU - Ilahi Hayet AU - Robin Bryant Christopher AU - Rejeb Hichem PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 257 EP - 268 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - The study was conducted during 2013 in Bouchebka, located in the central west of Tunisia.Such territory has a typical landscape of the transfrontier region. The series of the forest in Bouchebka is a part of the great mass of Aleppo pine. It is distinguished by the importance of the forest area which covers 92 % of the surface area (19,700 ha). The study attempts to inventory the natural vegetation and characterize ecological terms while highlighting the importance of environmental conditions. The method is based on a phytoecological analysis to quantify the floristic richness and diversity of the ecosystem in the forest of mountains in Bouchebka on the basis of floristic surveys and transects distributed in a stratified, systematic sampling in different vegetation formations that were previously distinguished. Statistical analyzes were performed using the Factorial Correspondence Analysis (FCA). The results show that the forest is composed primarily of the Aleppo pine trees, these forests are characterized by the abundance of young feet (10-25 cm diameter class). The ecosystem includes 12 families and 17 genera, 26 species. Thus the study has identified that the biological spectrum of the study area is characterized by a clear dominance of shrubs (41%) and chamaephytes (32 %). The distribution of plant species is influenced by ecological features of the region: the results show that 82% of species are drought tolerant which shows the arid environment. The region is also characterized by its windy side: 32% of species spread via anemochory. Factor analysis showed a pastoral aspect in the study area, with a presence of cultured human action exerted on the forest land species. Phytological spectrum indicates a predominance of woody species reflecting a territory dominated by open grassy areas, predominantly reflecting an arid climate. ER -
The study was conducted during 2013 in Bouchebka, located in the central west of Tunisia.Such territory has a typical landscape of the transfrontier region. The series of the forest in Bouchebka is a part of the great mass of Aleppo pine. It is distinguished by the importance of the forest area which covers 92 % of the surface area (19,700 ha). The study attempts to inventory the natural vegetation and characterize ecological terms while highlighting the importance of environmental conditions. The method is based on a phytoecological analysis to quantify the floristic richness and diversity of the ecosystem in the forest of mountains in Bouchebka on the basis of floristic surveys and transects distributed in a stratified, systematic sampling in different vegetation formations that were previously distinguished. Statistical analyzes were performed using the Factorial Correspondence Analysis (FCA). The results show that the forest is composed primarily of the Aleppo pine trees, these forests are characterized by the abundance of young feet (10-25 cm diameter class). The ecosystem includes 12 families and 17 genera, 26 species. Thus the study has identified that the biological spectrum of the study area is characterized by a clear dominance of shrubs (41%) and chamaephytes (32 %). The distribution of plant species is influenced by ecological features of the region: the results show that 82% of species are drought tolerant which shows the arid environment. The region is also characterized by its windy side: 32% of species spread via anemochory. Factor analysis showed a pastoral aspect in the study area, with a presence of cultured human action exerted on the forest land species. Phytological spectrum indicates a predominance of woody species reflecting a territory dominated by open grassy areas, predominantly reflecting an arid climate.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - PROPOSAL OF A SCENARIO BASED ON NICT FOR INDUSTRIAL MAINTENANCE WORK AU - Abdelhafid Rachidi AU - Abdellah Khatory AU - Abdennebi Talbi PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 269 EP - 276 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-131-09 AB - According to the new economic and social challenges, the underlying global changes arising from globalization and the new competitive environment. Also, Technological development and that of the New Information and Communication Technologies NICT, and the race of competitiveness that drives the search for the total quality and the reduce costs and deadlines. The integration of NICT in different departments of the company has a positive impact in improving the performance of the company [7]. The industrial maintenance can take advantage of benefits with regard to the exploitation of its technologies in their processes to ensure efficient management of maintenance.In this paper, we present a scenario of industrial remote maintenance based on NICT, while locating the actors study, the various dimensions of use, organization, cooperation and coordination for various maintenance tasks corrective and preventive. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - PROPOSAL OF A SCENARIO BASED ON NICT FOR INDUSTRIAL MAINTENANCE WORK AU - Abdelhafid Rachidi AU - Abdellah Khatory AU - Abdennebi Talbi PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 269 EP - 276 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - According to the new economic and social challenges, the underlying global changes arising from globalization and the new competitive environment. Also, Technological development and that of the New Information and Communication Technologies NICT, and the race of competitiveness that drives the search for the total quality and the reduce costs and deadlines. The integration of NICT in different departments of the company has a positive impact in improving the performance of the company [7]. The industrial maintenance can take advantage of benefits with regard to the exploitation of its technologies in their processes to ensure efficient management of maintenance.In this paper, we present a scenario of industrial remote maintenance based on NICT, while locating the actors study, the various dimensions of use, organization, cooperation and coordination for various maintenance tasks corrective and preventive. ER -
According to the new economic and social challenges, the underlying global changes arising from globalization and the new competitive environment. Also, Technological development and that of the New Information and Communication Technologies NICT, and the race of competitiveness that drives the search for the total quality and the reduce costs and deadlines. The integration of NICT in different departments of the company has a positive impact in improving the performance of the company [7].
The industrial maintenance can take advantage of benefits with regard to the exploitation of its technologies in their processes to ensure efficient management of maintenance.
In this paper, we present a scenario of industrial remote maintenance based on NICT, while locating the actors study, the various dimensions of use, organization, cooperation and coordination for various maintenance tasks corrective and preventive.
Fleas are the most common parasites that infest dogs and cats. Along with ticks and worms, they are something that pet owners need to take preventive action against. Fleas don’t…
Hey! I’m Sofia, Chief Dreamer at Isitvivid.com, owner of three restaurants, a serial adventurer and creator of three human beings. Phew! That’s a mouthful. As an obsessed new experience collector, my passion is for checking the world off one adventure at a time. I’m here to inspire you to vividly envisage your dreams and make them happen. Feel free to contact me! ????
Staffer responsibilities: oversee guest activities as assigned by director; attend all trainings; demonstrate responsible Christian disciplines
ALL STAFFERS: to help offset expenses of your meals, activities, and T-shirts there will be a staffer fee (fee due on or before June 9th)
Free forum | Games | Poker | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Welcome to the Conolly Lab! We are located in the Hearst Memorial Mining Building, and we research exciting new techniques in medical imaging, particularly in Magnetic Particle Imaging.
Preheat oven to 200C. Chop boiled new potatoes, a hunk of pide bread and smoked fish into similar sized pieces.
Mix all together in a bowl, with thawed and skinned edamame beans. Add a handful of chopped chives and dill and the zest of a lemon.
Seen something you really like? Use the form below to send your friend(s) an email message and link to this item.
Dedicated to food and wellbeing, Bite is the New Zealand Herald's weekly food magazine. With a new theme each week, Bite offers recipes and kitchen tips contributed by some of New Zealand's most talented cooks and chefs. Bite magazine is supported by this mobile-friendly website with over 10,000 recipes, cooking advice, articles, competitions and food-related news.
WhatsApp Enterprise adalah aplikasi Android tersendiri yang dapat diunduh secara gratis, dan didesain khusus untuk pemilik bisnis kecil. The scale and scope of the business firm and its structure, administration, and ownership, broadly analyzed within the principle of the firm Usually, a smaller enterprise is extra versatile, while larger companies, or those with wider possession or extra formal structures, will normally are typically organized as corporations or (less usually) partnerships. In addition, a business that wishes to lift money on a inventory market or to be owned by a variety of individuals will often be required to undertake a particular legal type to do so.
News Corp. is a network of main firms on the earth of diversified media, information, and knowledge companies. Our analysis covers a number of the key points being confronted by enterprise and Government as employers of and service suppliers to disabled folks. Businesses embrace all the pieces from a small proprietor-operated firm, akin to a family restaurant, to a multinational conglomerate , reminiscent of Basic Electrical. Larger businesses could concern company inventory to finance operations. On this case, the corporate is publicly traded and has reporting and working restrictions. Alternatively, smaller companies could function more independently of regulators.
Some specialised companies may additionally require licenses, either as a consequence of legal guidelines governing entry into certain trades, occupations or professions, that require special education or to boost income for native governments. Professions that require particular licenses embody law, drugs, piloting plane, promoting liquor, radio broadcasting, promoting investment securities, selling used vehicles, and roofing. Native jurisdictions may also require particular licenses and taxes just to function a business.
Your organization already has entry and safety policies. 1Password allows you to implement them with advanced permission controls. The Business Buyer Gateway (BCG) is the central USPS hub for managing volume mailing and delivery for all sizes and kinds of businesses. BCG connects Postal Service enterprise customers to all of the digital instruments, stories, promotions, and providers we provide. We strive to provide you with details about services and products you would possibly discover attention-grabbing and useful. Relationship-primarily based adverts and on-line behavioral advertising help us try this.
293072008 accounts america analysis asian banking based business companies detroit domains economic enterprise evaluation finance financial headlines ideas indian information island latest market markets michigan monetary names networking newest nikkei northern opinion plans promotions providers registered report services share small software stories system tales wwwv119com
You have some things you can so to create a change in your career path. You can go into the hair and beauty business by starting your shop. It is riskier to start from the grounds up than it is to remain employed. But you cannot afford to let yourself remain stunted This means you shall get the best of both worlds when you opt to join a dry bar franchise.
There shall be a dry bar franchises ready to welcome your membership out there. You need to know how to choose among them if you are to be successful in the venture. You will know you are dealing with the best when you hear how long they have been in business, and how many branches they have successfully raised. You need to see them with more open and active branches in recent times to be sure they shall work for you.
There are things that will help you discover more benefits from this venture when you tackle them head-on. You need to be clear on your skills when it comes to air and beauty issues. You may be dealing with a franchise that needs you to have some skills or another that do not place emphasis on it. These shall be keener on how entrepreneurial you are.
You shall also evaluate your business experience. You need to exercise more care if you happen to be going in for the first time. You also need to ask if they shall train you in case you lack any.
You should be told of how much it shall cost you to join the franchise. You need to know if they shall be with you as you approach financial institutions for financing. You may also get some contacts from their existing network.
You need to also think of where the bar shall be located. This affects the kind of traffic you shall receive, the competition effects, and the ease of replenishing your supplies.
You should be keen on the training the franchise offers when you join them. You will need adequate support and proper guidance. You need the follow-ups to the training to make sure you are operating the right way. The training you receive should leave you proficient in choosing the location of the bar, negotiating the lease for the premises, recruiting and training staff, marketing the bar, and handing the daily operations.
You need to be part of a franchise that is aiming to be the best in the business. You can go online to read more about such opportunities. Here is the sign you have been searching for.
Some businesses are subject to ongoing special regulation, for instance, public utilities , investment securities, banking, insurance, broadcasting , aviation , and well being care providers. Environmental rules are additionally very complicated and may have an effect on many companies. Strong, multi-key encryption is the foundation of our safety model and ensures that solely you management your own information. Multi-issue authentication offers an additional layer of safety for what you are promoting. Compare prices, features and extra on the services and products your small business wants.
Our reviewers have spent 1000’s of hours reviewing greater than one hundred classes of services and products it’s essential run and grow your online business. Try our 1,000+ shopping for guides and evaluations to search out the merchandise that are right for you. A dad or mum firm is an organization that owns enough voting stock in another firm to control administration and operations by influencing or electing its board of administrators; the second company being deemed as a subsidiary of the parent company. The definition of a mother or father firm differs by jurisdiction, with the definition usually being outlined by means of laws dealing with corporations in that jurisdiction.
After you get iPhone, iPad, and Mac up and operating, you may discover ways to use Apple merchandise to their full capabilities. We have now all of the assets you have to implement primary apps that maximize productiveness, discover business-specific apps to improve workflows, and that present guidance or the right partner that will help you construct customized apps for your small business. In latest a long time, states modeled some of their assets and enterprises after enterprise enterprises. In 2003, for example, the People’s Republic of China modeled 80{a9c42f1593242449f2c92fa1a13222f0ef06ec131ae8d4ed4c7d23cc4bb45069} of its state-owned enterprises on a company-type management system. 25 Many state institutions and enterprises in China and Russia have remodeled into joint-inventory firms, with part of their shares being listed on public stock markets.
Voted Finest Enterprise Current Account Supplier for 15 consecutive years (Moneyfacts, 2003-2017) and Business Bank of the 12 months for three consecutive years (Moneyfacts, 2015-2017). Also awarded Most Trusted Bank for Small Businesses (Moneywise, 2016). The header will not be in enforcement mode and it provides no actual protection to the users. Please contemplate switching the enforcement mode by using Content material-Safety-Policy header. To assist in giving your staff the best experience on iPhone, iPad, and Mac, we have partnered with among the world’s main firms in enterprise providers. Whether you are looking for cellular technique consulting, app improvement assist, again-end system integration, or corporate network companies, you will have entry to experts around the globe you may work with and study from.
:20: dont that tickle abit??? y is noone scoopin these tickling agents out with a spoon or sumfin?? :12:
niesthat adjust the working hours of parents with소셜그래프게임 first graders by allowing them 분석 to go to work by 10 a.m. (35소셜그래프게임 working hours per week). The governme
When it comes to builders Ealing offers people a lot of opportunities that they can take advantage of in many different situations. The builders Richmond provides can also do a lot to help people in many different situations. It is for this reason that when it comes to loft conversions richmond is one of the best places to set up shop. This is not to say that Richmond is a particularly beautiful city. It is not. But that is part of the reason for the conversions. Lofts are not usually particularly aesthetically pleasing spaces. But the loft conversions twickenham and other cities provide can make conversions that might otherwise seem unattractive seem relatively attractive in the long run. The builders ealing and other places provide are experienced and know how to expand the ceiling a loft if this is what people are looking to do. There are a lot of places for people to expand into, and it is for this reason that people will probably continue to expand into the attic in the future. One of the most important things that a lot of people do is leave their own individual imprint on the place where they move. People want the builders Ealing hosts because, by consulting with these builders they can find solutions for building the sort of loft that looks like them. This is why the builders Ealing offers are so often so important. Building can take people a long way toward have more than a place to stay. It can create a space that feels like home.
Did you know that the earliest roach was found in a 280 million year old fossil, predating the first dinosaurs by 80 million years? An incredible 80 percent of animals on earth are insects. It is no surprise that such hearty creatures are often getting into our homes and causing trouble. From ants to termites, insects can range from mildly annoying to structurally damaging. It is important to regularly treat your house if you have persistent pest problems. If you are interested in using a pest control Phoenix company, here are several tips to guide you. First, ask around your neighbors and friends to see if they have had a positive experience with a local pest control Phoenix company. Word of mouth is often how people find out about quality local businesses. If this option is not available or does not prove fruitful, research online reviews to see what people are saying about pest control AZ. Second, remember that there are multiple ways and methods to take care of pest issues. Some pest control Phoenix companies will use stronger chemicals than others, while other companies will concentrate more on trying to plug up entry ways, depending on the type of pest issue you have. If you feel uncomfortable having heavy duty chemicals around your family, make sure to ask questions about exactly what solutions your company will be using. The benefit of using stronger chemicals, however, is that they tend to repel insects better. Third, a quality pest control Phoenix company will take steps to prevent the insects spreading to other parts of your home. Ask what measures your company of interest will take in order to make sure that the termites phoenix leave the kitchen, only to start gnawing on the wood in the bedroom. Fourth, begin incorporating preventative methods into your everyday life. Pest control mesa companies recommend that you keep your kitchen floor swept often, and limit how frequently food is consumed in other rooms. Do not leave windows or doors open that do not have screens to cover them. Keep fruit covered or in a drawer to cut down on fruit flies. Ger more information on this topic here.
In his second trip to Southeast Asia this year, ISCA Chairman Shaykh Hisham Kabbani visited four nations in the span of one month, where he led many public gatherings and spoke on the importance of traditional Islamic principles. Beginning the tour in Singapore, the renowned leader led a large congregational prayer at the Habib Nuh mosque, and spoke at a few other gatherings in the country before departing for Malaysia, where prominent Malays hosted him and ISCA staff for several large gatherings. From Malaysia, the group travelled to Australia where Shaykh Kabbani spoke on interfaith relations and spirituality at a well-attended event at the Theosophical Society of Melbourne.
In his 5 day trip to Kenya and outlying areas in July 2010, ISCA Chairman Shaykh Muhammad Hisham Kabbani distributed a large amount of funding that was used for several different humanitarian aid projects, including supplemental aid for local orphanages, constructing new wells, and feeding the needy in over 20 towns, cities and villages in the area. One of the orphanages supported in this endeavor was the Mama Fatuma’s Goodwill Children’s Home in the Eastleigh district of Nairobi. Located in an impoverished neighborhood with a shortage of electricity and water, the facility currently looks after 85 orphan boys and girls. Shaykh Kabbani personally visited the orphanage and was honorably welcomed by colorfully dressed orphans singing traditional Arabic songs of praise to show their love and respect for their esteemed guest.
In his summer 2010 tour of the United Kingdom, ISCA Chairman Shaykh Hisham Kabbani had several speaking engagements including a keynote address at the Unity, Peace and Love conference where he addressed the status of Muslim extremism today. At the Hilton Hotel in Watford, Shaykh Kabbani stood before hundreds of attendees and gave an emotionally charged speech which illustrated the true problem of extremism today: it is not a war against the West, he stated – it is a war against Muslims BY Muslims. It is the Wahhabi extremists who are killing the Sufi, traditional Muslims worldwide, extinguishing age old practices and places of worship across the Muslim world, in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Palestine, Kashmir and other countries.
GitHub is home to over 28 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.
Its main advantage over just using COPY or \copy, and over using a Foreign Data Wrapper, is its transaction behaviour, where pgloader will keep a separate file of rejected data, but continue trying to copy good data in your database.
pgloader also implements data reformatting, a typical example of that being the transformation of MySQL datestamps 0000-00-00 and 0000-00-00 00:00:00 to PostgreSQL NULL value (because our calendar never had a year zero).
pgloader version 1.x is quite old and was developed in TCL. When faced with maintaining that code, the new emerging development team (hi!) picked python instead because that made sense at the time. So pgloader version 2.x was written in python.
The current version of pgloader is the 3.x series, which is written in Common Lisp for better development flexibility, runtime performance, and support of real threading.
The versioning is now following the Emacs model, where any X.0 release number means you're using a development version (alpha, beta, or release candidate). The next stable versions are going to be 3.1 then 3.2 etc.
When using a development snapshot rather than a released version the version number includes the git hash (in its abbreviated form):
Release candidate 9 for pgloader version 3.1, with a git tag named v3.0.99 so that it's easy to checkout the same sources as the released code.
When building from sources, you should always build from the current git HEAD as it's basically the only source that is managed in a way to ensure it builds aginst current set of dependencies versions.
When using macports, then we have a situation to deal with with shared objects pgloader depends on, as reported in issue #161 at https://github.com/dimitri/pgloader/issues/161#issuecomment-201162647:
I was able to get a clean build without having to disable compression after symlinking /usr/local/lib to /opt/local/lib. Note that I did not have anything installed to /usr/local/lib so I didn't lose anything here.
Building pgloader on Windows is supported, thanks to Common Lisp implementations being available on that platform, and to the Common Lisp Standard for making it easy to write actually portable code.
It is recommended to have a look at the issues labelled with Windows support if you run into trouble when building pgloader:
You can also tweak the default amount of memory that the pgloader image will allow itself using when running through your data (don't ask for more than your current RAM tho):
Or for a full migration from MySQL, including schema definition (tables, indexes, foreign keys, comments) and parallel loading of the corrected data:
Sign up for your own profile on GitHub, the best place to host code, manage projects, and build software alongside 28 million developers.
Over the past 10 years I have developed a very close working relationship with a core client base. I feel I have maintained these relationships by providing a commitment to customer service whilst maintaining high standards throughout my business.
Offering plumbing services and heating solutions for your home or business. I pride my business on good quality workmanship, recommendations, keeping ahead of the latest industry advancements as well as keeping traditional skills as a basis for my work.
I always ensure that the highest standard of work is maintained on small as well as large jobs. Additional training and qualifications have been taken to legally be able to supply, service and fit Unvented Hot Water Systems, service gas cookers & fires.
Be sure to stop by the library and check out the newest photo exhibit on the main floor and upstairs gallery space. The Columbia County Photo Club is showcasing 52 photographs by 26 area artists, all on the theme of Columbia County. All photographs are for sale, with a portion of the proceeds to benefit the Friends of the Library. The photos will remain on exhibit through Sat. Oct. 25th. Contact Marie or Emily in the library office to place your order at 518.828.1792.
The Columbia County Photo Club meets at the Hudson Area Library from 6-8pm on the second and fourth Tuesday of each month. Meetings include sharing photographs, resources, technical knowledge and support of photographic endeavors. Photographers of all ages and skill levels are welcome to join.
This entry was posted in Friends and tagged art, columbia county, Friends, fundraiser, Photo Club, Photo Exhibit, photography, Sale by Emily. Bookmark the permalink.
OK, sometimes...often, feedback can be negative and/or unconstructive. It is a waste of everybody's time to offer criticism of somebody's work and not offer a correction, solution or better way of doing/thinking, etc.
I know several business owners who, although they appreciate positive feedback, prefer feedback that is critical of what they do, even more so if it offers solutions or options. They believe that critical feedback allows them a greater opportunity to do a better job or tweak their products or services to better serve their clientele. Of course, they take great joy in a positive pat on the back from a pleased client as well.
For us we wanted to serve our community better. At one of our weekly meetings the idea was brought forth that we could help streamline the process for our community members who were looking to spend a Saturday or Sunday morning digging through garage sales and at the same time, promote a greater turnout for our community members who were hosting these garage sales. So, we decided to compile a list of all the garage sales that were happening in the South Surrey and White Rock area (Garage Sales). We even included a map to the events.
We have received several responses from people this season. All have been positive (which makes us feel good), and some have offered suggestions as well.
One respondent suggested we enlarge the font so it can be read by those with visual issues. Another suggested we make it printer friendly so they could take it with them. We thought these were both great ideas. So, we enlarged the font, and we created a printable version.
Our Friend, Martin Our Friend, Martin is a 1999 direct-to-video animated children’s educational film about
Christine Blasey Ford Christine Margaret Blasey Ford, known professionally as Christine Blasey born November 1966
Washington-President Trump declared Thursday on Twitter that the United States has known the remains of
Caritas Egypt, CairoNovember 28th, 2009Caritas Egypt does community outreach in empoverished areas of Cairo. They provide cheap healthcare and vocational training for marginalized and mentally challenged children.
We visit one of their centers in Cairo and make a modest contribution for the education of mentally challenged children.
Unaided, private Engineering & Pharmacy colleges which are members of FTAPMEI, across the State of Telangana, offer various courses in Engineering & Pharmacy courses at Under-Graduate and Post Graduate level. The courses offered at the Under-Graduate level include Colleges have indicated their willingness to make admission to their Under Graduate courses based on merit in the EAMCET Test organized by Government of Telangana.
Number of seats available and fee structure in the Member Institution will be notified at the time of counseling.
The Telangana State Unaided Private Engineering & Pharmacy Colleges Association, in their Endeavour to offer an effective, fair and Determine merit of students seeking admission to the member institutions, have formed "FTAPMEI".
Find a Richie Campbell - Focused first pressing or reissue. Complete your Richie Campbell collection. Shop Vinyl and CDs. Richie's reputation far outweighs his years. "Focused" is Campbell's first album which will be released through Tommy Boy Entertainment. “Focused” contains. Richie Campbell - Focused music CD album at CD Universe, Portugal's 1 Reggae Artist Richie Campbell Makes US Debut, Richie Campbell has been tearing.
Find album reviews, stream songs, credits and award information for Focused - Richie Campbell on AllMusic - 16 Aug Listen to songs from the album Focused, including "That's How We Roll", "Get With You", "Love Is an Addiction (feat. Ikaya)" and many more. Listen toRichie Campbell on Deezer. With music streaming Composers: Richie Campbell - Zander - Davwave. 01 Focused. It Takes a Revolution ( feat. Anthony B.) Richie Campbell . Access the complete album info (13 songs) .
Now misery generate money and sell albums so. A deh so [Lyrics from: https:/ ftlofutbol.com] Back to reality. Tell dem . Richie Campbell - Good for Me * lyrics. At the moment nobody has submitted lyrics for this song to our archive. We do try our best to have all the lyrics you want . All the lyrics and translations to the album Focused by Richie Campbell. Shop Focused [CD] Everyday low prices and free delivery on eligible orders.
I've worked with the 3 main cloud providers over the past decade. Whilst AWS has an abundance of services + excessive docs, and Azure is strictly for .NET refugees, for me, GCP (Google Cloud Platform) is the preferred cloud provider - for the simple reason that it has the optimal Tensorflow and Kubernetes management infrastructure. In order to architect solutions on GCP, it pays to have a big picture breakdown of the various components, so that you know what to integrate and when. Here is my bird's eye overview:Coregcloud / gcp SDK - automate everything: do NOT use the consoleResource Manager - ...
Celin Smith, October 31, 2018 iPhone App Development mobile application mobile developer mobile application development mobile app creator
Today is the age of mobile phones and different types of mobile apps installed on them. People do so ...
Graph Theory Conceptslast year I was working on an NLP Deep Learning project that required me to compare ...
SQL Azure has TDE enabled by default, recently there was a requirement for me to enable TDE for a SQL ...
So some great geek stuff with a customer of mine (Family Farms). We needed to integrate combine-harvester ...
Developers now have access to free and inexpensive developer tools that can help find and fix many common application problems. These new APM tools are now an essential part of every developer’s tool set. Show me the tools!
Melissa Caddy, November 5, 2015 dedicated server hosting Dedicated Server India dedicated server Dedicated Servers Dedicated Hosting
Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE Dedicated servers are rather complex solution which needs some time before you can adapt to it. The basic step is to understand why to go for this server ...
dedicated server hosting Dedicated Server India dedicated server Dedicated Servers Dedicated Hosting
One of the best tools for managing the content and overall structure of a site collection is the Content and Structure tool accessible from Site Settings > Site Administration > Content and structure.To ...
This latest release includes a lot of UI polish features and we also now have support for SQL 2016 and Excel 2016 which is mainly an update to the installer and some changes to the Query Plan and Server ...
So, I’ve been playing around with various Raspberry Pi projects for a couple of years. I’ve had a few hits (caller ID, home automation, audio airplay) and I think only one miss (Time Capsule). Whats been ...
So I was listening to a recent Western Developer’s podcast on Ethics. At one point in the conversation [39:30] there was a call for establishing a industry standard professional body for software developers. ...
I’m going to be doing a Neo4j workshop up in JHB in November 2015 and thought I’d give an example of something that is easy to do in a graph database but challenging to do in a relational database. Before ...
I am removing this post since I am no longer use Amazon.in or amazon.com for anything. For more information search the internet for better result.
Recently I have taken a SharePoint Administration Training and SharePoint Installation demo was part of it. I am going to share this experience with you here so that it helps for your installation if you ...
Melissa Caddy, October 21, 2015 dedicated server hosting Dedicated Server India cloud server CLOUD HOSTING
Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE In a world where everything is speedy and top notch, the technology around you needs to be better and faster. Here I will tell you which is better between ...
This time I will write about something I don't understand :-( Or at least not completely. Some time ago I was debugging a new Intel hardware platform (Adlink ETX-BT, Celeron J1900) and I experienced unexpected ...
When we’re talking authentication the first thing that pops up in our minds is Active Directory. For years, active directory has been the staple identity provider for most companies and the foundational ...
Hybrids: The final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Whether Exchange or Lync, hybrids are the wave of the future, something everyone will have to start dealing with at one point ...
Let’s say you have machines in an old school workgroup without a domain and you want to change the name of that workgroup. In the Windows 10 user interface, where should you go? Is it Settings? Where you ...
 Note: In order for Free/Busy to work Outlook Anywhere needs to be enabled in both forest and auto discover needs to be functioning properly. Additionally, the external URLs for EWS need to be configured. ...
 Note: The entire list must be run through in order and progression to the next step cannot be done until the current step has completed for all Management agents! Step 1: Right click the management agent, ...
The best way to learn about Hadoop is getting your hands dirty with real Hadoop programs and their execution. In order to do so we first need a Hadoop installation in local development box. Steps to install ...
Apache Hadoop is a framework which supports distributed processing and distributed storage of very large data sets on clusters of commodity computers. The distributed processing is achieved through MapReduce ...
Coexistence between Exchange forests (without trusts…) -- Part 4: Preparing the US Exchange 2010 environment
Create receive connector Step 1: Open the exchange management console Step 2: Click on Hub Transport under Server Configuration Step 3: In the Actions pane click on New Receive Connector… Step 4: In the ...
Coexistence between Exchange forests (without trusts…) -- Part 3: Preparing the UK Exchange 2007 environment
Creating conditional forwarders Step 1: Open DNS manager Step 2: Select Conditional forwarders Step 3: Right click “Conditional Forwards" and select “New Conditional Forwarder…” Step 4: Enter the dns name ...
Imagine a scenario where you acquire a company in a different country and they don’t want to be absorb in your IT environment (because they don’t like it, have regulatory requirements that can’t be met ...
To check my PC is up to date on Windows 10 display drivers, I installed the “Intel Driver Update Utility”. After a quick scan, I was surprised to see I was apparently 5 major versions behind current! So ...
Decided to check that my HP Compaq Elite 8300 at work had all the latest drivers and updates on it for Windows 10. The network card NDIS driver has now become unreliable with the latest Insider Preview ...
When you first come across regular expressions they can be totally confusing. This article from SitePoint gives a gentle introduction and some resources to go to once you’ve dipped your feet into the water. ...
I’m working on a project that requires translation using .Net’s Resx capabilities. This project is 2 years old and counting and our duplication and disorganization of our Resx strings are very apparent. ...
I saw a post from someone who had created a Sketchnote of one of Scott Hanselman’s talks. It was the first time I had seen this as an defined process for note taking. As I get older and technology moves ...
If you are using jsorter with compatibility mode enabled, you may receive a "member not found" error. I'm not entirely sure what causes this error, but it seems with some poking around online, I was able ...
Melissa Caddy, October 12, 2015 dedicated server hosting Dedicated Server Hosting India Dedicated Hosting India dedicated server
Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 Most of us are aware of several types of web hosting solutions that exist, but what most of us are not aware of is which one will ...
The following links from Microsoft are close but not currently up-to-date with respect to Hyper-V and getting set up on a Windows 10 host computer / development system. Set Up a Virtual Test Device (Compact ...
I was going to try out Aurelia’s skeleton navigation project again and ran into company proxy issues. Aurelia uses JSPM instead of just NPM, so this is some new territory for me. It took some Bingooling ...
Last year I spent some time debugging Qt C++11 code using the GNU Debugger GDB https://www.gnu.org/softwar... (as well as profiling with Valgrind http://valgrind.org/ ).To skill up on this, I read the ...
I sometimes get this question when I tell people about TechMasters, so I thought maybe it’s time for a blog post on the topic. What is TechMasters? It is Open Toastmasters club for Geeks, with the focus ...
It is a SSIS developer snack. Today on the MSDN Forums I came across a post in which a person asked for help converting an arbitrary number seconds to HH:MM:SS format. I quickly reached out to my SSIS ...
Ok, I will try not to make this a rant, but after knocking my head against the proverbial wall for several hours, that is going to be a tough one, LOL.The problem was seemingly trivial: Create a SharePoint ...
Solidsoft Reply is in recruiting mode. We are the UK’s leading integration specialists on the Microsoft Platform with a decade and a half experience of hard-core development using BizTalk Server and related ...
I recently started sketchnoting to better understand topics with as many new technologies and languages come out every day. This post is simply a collection of Azure related sketchnotes that I created. ...
Homeschool Curriculum Fairs – 7 Simple Steps on How to Get the Most Out of Them » Homeschool Curriculum
Homeschool Curriculum Fairs can be invigorating to some and overwhelming to others. They are a great way to network with other homeschoolers, gain information about new homeschool methods, browse a wide variety of curriculum and resources, and much more. Here are some tips you can use to help you get the most out of any curriculum fair you attend:
1. Make a list of what you are looking for in curriculum, what you want to gain from the conference, and what you plan on spending. If you stay focused and within your budget, you will feel much better about your time there when you get home. Some people just go to listen to the speakers and don’t even look in the vendor hall. Whatever you want out of the conference is right for you.
2. Look over the schedule before the conference if possible. Prioritize what speakers you want to hear and plan accordingly.
3. Consider seriously whether you want to take your children with you. Younger children are often welcome but they might not allow you to get the most out of the conference. Some conferences have programs for teens that help them in their studies, allow them to network with other homeschoolers, and help them understand that there are many other students out there that are also being homeschooled.
4. If you’re not ready to purchase anything, you can always pick up catalogs and do your shopping at home. Some programs even allow you to get a sample of curriculum sent in a packet to your home for you to browse at your own pace.
5. Take advantage of tapes for sale for the speakers you wanted to hear but didn’t get to or those that you want to hear again. Some conferences give discounts if you purchase a whole set.
6. Decide not to purchase anything until you walk away from the booth and walk around for a given amount of time (1/2 hour or more). This will help you with impulse buying. Most vendors will hold books for you until you come back.
7. Remember you are there to gain knowledge and possibly purchase books that will be best for your family. If you have decided ahead of time what you want out of the conference, you will be less likely swayed by someone else who doesn’t know your family as well as you do.
The key to any homeschool conference or fair is to stay focused. Much time and effort is spent planning a homeschool conference and many vendors spend a great deal of time preparing for the conference too. Don’t let the amount of information overwhelm you. Realize that all the information is not necessarily meant for you. There are many types of homeschoolers. Conferences try to cater to all of them. Take what you need and leave the rest there!
Joe celebrated his 70th birthday earlier in the month. Dee joined us for a delicious dinner at Jeffrey's Steakhouse followed by champagne at her place.
For years, Moab Friends For Wheeling jeep club has volunteered to help with Moab Trail Marathon. It's a huge event with over 1500 runners at just one of the two aide stations we set up and worked. Joe and I helped haul supplies on Friday as the first runners come through before 8 am.
You wouldn't believe the boxes of bananas, granola bars, cookies and cases of gallon water jugs along with tables, water coolers for mixing electrolyte drinks, cups and more cups filled up several pick up trucks, a trailer, and several jeeps. Some went to Pritchett and some went to Cliffhanger.
The mornings have been quite chilly recently, but the days warm up nicely. 55 degrees here sure doesn't feel like it did in Georgia. We had a gorgeous, lazy run on Hells Revenge last week. The sky and the LaSal Mountains were so dramatic and we enjoyed watching jeep shadows.
Thanksgiving day, we joined Dee for a trail run on Kane Creek. Kane Creek is turning into a favorite trail. Not only is the scenery captivating, the terrain is so diverse.
Yesterday while Joe did some packing and rearranging, I went with Dee to see Pritchett Canyon. There were two other well built vehicles in our little group. Joe and I have heard about Pritchett Canyon for 4 years so I really wanted to see it and all it's challenges. Locals say it's the hardest trail here and now I know why ! It's only 4.2 miles of trail, but Charles Wells Guide says to allow a full day for obstacles like Chewy, Rocker Knocker, Axel Hill and Yellow Hill. My mouth dropped at the sight of boulders much taller than Blanche (Dee's jeep). Some of the obstacles were in the shade, wet and slippery which added to the scary fun.
We might even do some wheeling here too. The first big obstacle is Chewy. Here Warren heads up after Dee.
On the way out, we passed Pritchett Arch. It's farther than the picture makes it look like is...I zoomed !
Our very good friends Jim and Barb Horne are owners of Outlaw Offroad Moab. Jim is well known in the area for providing outstanding jeep tours...in fact yesterday was his 257th & final jeep tour for this year. Of course that is just total days on trail which doesn't take into consideration that on busy days he can do up to four tours/guides a day ! We met Jim in June 2013 when he did the first modifications to Pearl and the friendship has just grown since then. We are now next door neighbors here at Gopher Flats... talk about fun times !
Jim invited us to join him on this last tour for the year as he guided 10 jeeps with representatives from Hercules Tires.... Jedd (vice-president of marketing who organized the event ), his right hand Camilla, and various dealers from all over the country. Two professional race drivers sponsored by Hercules were also part of the group. Joe, Tom (the videographer recording the event) and I rode with Jim. The event was to test drive new Hercules tires that Cooper Tire has manufactured for them.
Everything was top-drawer. Hercules rented the jeeps from Twisted Jeeps here in Moab and had the Hercules tires installed on all 10 of the vehicles...including spares. The tires used were 35" and ran the trails at 27 PSI. Even without "airing down" these tires crawled every single obstacle with no excess tire spin which Joe and I thought was amazing. The drivers had NEVER wheeled in Moab. The idea was for them to witness first hand how the tires perform and return to their dealerships with experience and knowledge of the amazing capabilities of their tires. Cooper Tire, also provided other important things for the event like lunch complete with Tailgater trailer, big screen TV, grilled BBQ chicken and Polish Sausages with all the fixings...all served on location at the trail head when we finished.
Our trail for the day was Poison Spider. It was a real treat watching Jim expertly guide drivers through the difficult obstacles. Tom hustled around in and out of the jeep to get videos, attach go pro cams and even fly a drone several times. It was such a pleasure to see all the drivers smiles as they successfully completed one obstacle after another. I'm certain everyone had a lot of fun and perhaps more importantly, they all took home a much better understanding of how Hercules tires will truly measure up to their customers most extreme demands !
A pretty cool shot of Poison Spider on the left and Moab Rim on the right. The Colorado River runs between them.
Two of the tires that are new to Hercules this year and used yesterday are the Terra Trac M/T and Terra Trac T/G. Both tires are light truck tires with the M/T being a mud terrain and the T/G being a traction tire. Jim pointed out to Joe and I the square profile design to optimize surface contact for off-road traction on the T/G tire. Both tires performed flawlessly on our outing.
In addition to his video camera, Tom used a drone several times. On the way out, when we reached the Poison Spider Mesa, he flew his drone to capture the jeeps as they flew, well at least went faster than a crawl. We had the trail all to ourselves all day except for a biker we passed earlier.
Back at the trail head lunch was waiting. We...umm I...was starving. The smell of chicken grilling filled the air and I filled my plate !
Here Jim chats with Greg Wilson of Greg Wilson Racing. Greg has 23 years experience racing dirt track sprint cars and 2016 marked his first full season of running with the World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series in his own Greg Wilson, Hercules Tire car. He had his first WOO win this past September at the famed high-bank Eldora Speedway.
Thank you Jim for inviting us to tag along and a huge thanks to Jedd and his crew for their warm hospitality. They made Joe and I feel as though we were part of the group. Friends were made and for sure the next time we need tires, we will consider Hercules Tires.
After lunch, Tom gets set up for testimonials from anyone who will volunteer to share a few words about the day.
Soldiers from the Democratic Karen Benevolent Army, including a battalion commander, reunited with the Karen National Liberation Army 201 Battalion, Brigade 6th on June 17 in Kawkareik Towship Karen State.
The DKBA troops led by Lieutenant Colonel Saw Naw Ku, commander of 908 Battalion, the deputy company commander Captain Saw Koo Nu, Platoon commanders Captain Saw Maw Ploe and Captain Saw Hla Khaing, a total of 21 troops with their arms and ammunition joined the KNLA troop led by Lieutenant Colonel Saw Bu Paw, commander of the KNLA’s 201 battalion.
“Our leaders are working for peace in the country. We have seen enough division among Karen armed groups – we reunite, as we think it is the right time to do so.”
The DKBA troops came with a RPG launcher, one SKS, one M 79, nine M-16 rifles, two carbines, one HR and two 9.mm pistols.
Lt. Col. Saw Bu Paw, commander of KNLA 201 battalion said, “We made a decision to reintegrate our armed forces at our 15th Congress. This reunification is a strength for all Karen ethnic nationals and its politics.”
The reunified DKBA troops will be regarded as KNLA soldiers and given equal standards including their ranks and will be graded according to their skills and performance.
The DKBA troops used to be under command of the late DKBA leader General Saw Lah Pwe, also known as Nakham Mway, who died early this year.
In 1994, the DKBA broke away from the Karen National Union following disputes over religious discrimination and allied themselves with the Burma Army. This division had weakened the Karen and resulted in the fall of the KNU’s fortified headquarters, Manner Plaw.
The DKBA allied itself with the Burma Army until 2010, when Gen. Saw Lah Pwe rejected to merge his troops into the Border Guard Force and fought against the government’s military in a series of armed skirmishes. The DKBA signed a bilateral ceasefire agreement with the government and were also a signatory to the Nationwide Ceasefire Agreement signed on 15 October, 2015 with other seven ethnic armed groups.
NEW PRICE AND AVAIL NOW! These motivated sellers have created the most charming home w a private outdoor kitchen/ FIREPLACE that you've only dreamed of owning! The indoor Jenn-Aire kitchen with wine refrigerator is equally great! This gated property overlooks the golf course & has winter river views! With a rare garage, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths on upper level & gleaming hardwoods!
The Belle Haven Community is routed in history, where once stood a fort authorized by the Virginia House of Burgesses in 1674 as an outpost to defend the young colony against Indians. The Civil War-era Ft. Willard was part of the defense system of Washington, DC. Located just south of Old Town Alexandria and north of George Washington’s home at Mount Vernon, Belle Haven overlooks the Potomac River and is home Belle Haven Country Club, and is considered one of the most prestigious areas in Fairfax County.
Belle Haven residents have so many options for outdoor activities. You can run, walk or ride your bike alongside the river on the Mount Vernon Trail that stretches from the Theodore Roosevelt Island in Rosslyn down to the Mount Vernon Estate. Along those eighteen miles of trail you can pack a lunch and pick your favorite spot to have a picnic, take an early stroll to bird watch, or just throw in a line and try your luck with a little fishing. If you want some more active fishing you can rent a boat at the local Belle Haven Marina, or rent a slip and dock your own boat. If you tire of outdoor excursions, take the family to the Mount Vernon Recreational Center where there is an indoor ice rink, an Olympic size indoor pool, and a huge fitness center. The homes in this quaint community are a mix of large luxury homes, manors, cottages, and townhouses all situated on tree-lined streets. With its close proximity to Old Town and our Nation’s Capital you will never run out of places to go, but you might not want to leave Belle Haven with all it has to offer.
This community has direct access to I-495 and the George Washington Parkway, so commuting is a breeze. Just moments from the newly constructed Woodrow Wilson Bridge that spans the Potomac River, Belle Haven also has ready access to major bus routes as well as the nearby Huntington Metro stop.
All listing information is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Listing data provided by Bright MLS, as of Wednesday, November 14, 2018. Listing information courtesy of McEnearney Associates, Inc.
fetyon Jan소셜그래프게임. 16. The government is pla소셜그래프게임nning to provide as much 분석 as 440,000 wo소셜그래프게임n per person a month to small and mid-sized 소셜그래프게임compa
A powerful image can take us back in time, and give us a better understanding of who we are and where we come from. The Express Tribune has compiled 59 images that have shocked, inspired, and moved us as a nation. Enjoy. August 1947 – Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi As slogans of “Quaid-e-Azam Zindabad! Pakistan Zindabad!” echoed, Jinnah along with his sister, Fatima Jinnah, on August 7, 1947, landed in Karachi — a…
Whether you’re desperately trying to save seconds off your search time or just want to simplify your life, Google has got you covered. The best part? You can do it all from their handy-dandy search bar, no annoying apps or plug-ins required. Here are 20 life-changing Google search hacks: 1. Find out what the weather is like without stepping outside Type in “weather” and your location to find out the forecast. Really, you could type…
Facebook is a website that have done an amazing job of connecting people throughout the world. However, because it is so far-reaching, it is capable of causing many problems for those who use it. Here are ten ways that Facebook can get its users into trouble. 1. Investigations By Employers People have a habit of putting a lot of their activities on Facebook. Sometimes, these aren’t things you would want your boss or potential boss…
We love the action, the cheesy lines and of course the fights. But this excitement that Martial Arts movie fans find is heavily attributed to the actor and his persona; the character he or she plays. Memorable characters are a massive chunk of what make movies iconic and what build careers for actors. Most of the world’s most well known martial arts actors are known for particular movies or characters that made them stand out…
As the name suggests, smartphones possess smarter capabilities than mobile phones, providing then additional, now essential functions like web browsing, multimedia entertainment, games etc, much like mini-computers, only small enough to fit in your pocket. Smartphones appeared in the market close to two decades ago as the alternative to mobile phones which carry the primary function to enable only two-way communication by text or calls. The smartphones of today have other extended capabilities including in-built…
The Leading Edge LEM00610 Profollica Activator Hair Loss Gel is part 2 of a revolutionary two-part system that promotes the growth of healthy new hair. The vast majority of men lose their hair to lower dihydrotestosterone (DHT) levels, which cause hair... more
Cap+ Clinical Hair Therapy Activator for use in conjunction with the Capillus low-level light therapy devices
The Capillus Clinical Hair Therapy Activator is a follicle stimulant that fortifies and enriches your scalp with a break-through, leave-in serum treatment. The Activator addresses the known causes of hair loss by employing a unique peptide complex that... more
Cantu Shea Butter for Natural Hair Moisturizing Curl Activator Cream - Every day, there are people out there embracing their natural, beautiful, textured hair and owning their unique style. Our collection of award-winning products made just for... more
A color preserving shampoo for natural & colored hair. Formulated with gentle sulfactants to cleanse hair. Contains direct pigments that color directly without the activator use. Blended with hydrolyzed milk proteins for intense conditioning &... more
Profollica w/ Shampoo - Hair Regrowth System - Stop Hair Loss Kit -ANTI HAIR LOSS SHAMPOO Does what it says! Try the Supplements and Gel Activator on another listing. Slows down overall hair loss in men. Improves hair regrowth - with faster growth on the more
Some curls need a little encouragement, and nothing defines, maintains and moisturizes curls like Re:Coil Curl Activator. Rich in Ag Hair's exclusive Curl Creating Complex (C3), Re:Coil separates and holds without stiffness or stickiness, even in high... more
Find Hair Styling Products at Target.com! Use daily to maintain and condition your curly hair style. Gender: Unisex. more
Wall Mount Compact Dryer with LED Night Light has 1600 watts of drying power, Shuts off automatically when placed in wall mount, Wall mount holds dryer securely in place, 2 heat/speed settings, Removable filter, 6' coil cord, UL listed, Off-White finish. more
Luseta Argan Oil Hair Serum helps to repair, soften and strengthen dry, brittle and overworked hair. Our serum restores your hair, creating brilliant shine and eliminating frizz. for skin or hair reduces drying time by 40-50% formulated without... more
Specically formulated to repair, strengthen and moisturize chemically damaged hair, Tech Two contains twice the benecial protein of other shampoos. Silk, wheat, keratin and oat protein coupled with panthenol soothe damaged hair helping restore... more
This BaByliss Pro Ceramix Xtreme hair dryer emits negative ions to reduce static and frizz for a sleek finish you'll love. Ceramic technology generates a gentle, far-infrared heat that protects hair from damage Ultra-lightweight design 2 temperature... more
This treatment for women with thinning hair. This hair density & fullness programmed boosts follicular activity to restore thicker looking hair. more
Some curls need a little encouragement and nothing defines, maintains and moisturizes curls like AG’s Recoil. Rich in our exclusive Curl Creating Complex (C3), Recoil separates and holds without stiffness or stickiness, even in high humidity. more
Rich in our exclusive Curl Creating Complex (C3), Recoil separates and holds without stiffness or stickiness, even in high humidity. more
Cap+ Clinical Hair Therapy Bundle (Includes: Shampoo, Conditioner, Activator, and Revitalizer) for use in conjunction with the Capillus low-level light therapy devices
Now you can have all of the Capillus Clinical Hair Therapy products in one specially-priced bundle. It’s a convenient and value-priced way to enjoy Capillus’ fine-line of hair care products. The Capillus Clinical Hair Therapy Bundle includes a shampoo,... more
Created for those in pursuit of perfect curls, this light, non-sticky formula provides curl retention, hold and shine. Curl Activator dramatically enhances, smoothes and separates curls leaving hair infused with shine and defined waves. Gives medium... more
Fortify and enrich your scalp with this breakthrough, high performance, leave in serum treatment. This unique peptide complex, designed for thinning hair is loaded with a proprietary blend of nutrients, antioxidants and known dht blockers. Follicle... more
Naturtint� is the first permanent hair color, free of harsh chemicals, that provides both beautiful, radiant color and is healthy for your hair! Combining natural activators that nourish your hair and micro-pigments that provide a more intense color,... more
The ECRINAL ANP 2+ Ampoules stimulate hair growth and reduce hair loss. These ampoules are ANP 2+ concentrate, which stands for: Natural Dander Activator (in French), an exclusively patented active ingredient by ASEPTA Laboratories made from vegetable... more
Pack of 2 for the UPC: 075285002827Care Free Curl Gel Activator 11.5oz A clear gel for the daily maintenance of curls This gel activator penetrates quickly and is easily absorbed into the hair without flakes The combination of humectants helps restore... more
This is the Marc Daniels Go Curly Curl Activator Gel Serum 5.7 Fluid Ounce· Instantly transformsfrizzy, wild hair into full bodied glossy curls. Go from frizzy to fabulous!Softens and smooths unruly, unmanageable hair, leaving only soft natural... more
A clear gel for the daily maintenance of curls. This gel activator penetrates quickly and is easily absorbed into the hair wihout flakes. The combination of humectants helps resotre the proper oil-moisture balance in the hair shaft to achieve healthy... more
Long Aid Activator Gel is formulated to soften and moisturize your hair. It contains more glycerin for improved moisture and style, aloe vera for enhanced softness and proteins to improve conditioning. more
Best prices on Hair activator in Hair Care online. Visit Bizrate to find the best deals on top brands. Read reviews on Health & Beauty Supplies merchants and buy with confidence.
Use the 1080p HD Digital Media Projector from Pyle to project business presentations, eReader texts, images, audio and video files anywhere. It is perfect for conference rooms, at home or at houses of worship. It is compatible with projection screen... more
Note: Please choose the coresponding signal source by press “Source” button after connection.Features:1. Built-in Android 6.0.1 OS with Quad-core A53 1.5GHz to run smoothly and stably.2. Better cooling system with brass and turbo fan, better heat... more
The LED lamp can works for over 20,000 hours, and will provide a superb pictureManual focus adjusting, get picture from 20 to 200 inchesProfessional trouble shooting and protection measuresThe projector is small and light, easy to carryEasy changing in... more
Description:This Mini LED Projector is convenient to carry with a lightweight and portable design. With 3 pieces glass, the projector can show a clear image for you. Meanwhile, it is a green environmental protection product and not hurt the eyes while... more
Features:Manual focus adjusting, get picture from 1.2 to 3.8m.The projector is small and light, easy to carry.Low power consumption, echo-oriented.Easy changing in 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio.Provides you fantastic fun of home theater projector in the... more
Features:The LED lamp can work for over 20 thousand hours, and can provide beautiful colors.Manual focus adjusting, get picture from 20 to 100 inches.Professional trouble shooting and protective measures.Easy changing in 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio.Low... more
Do you want to have an amazing watching experience at home? Do you know how to choose the best projector? Thanks to the most reasonably priced, high fidelity images, focusing function and superior quality, DBPOWER 1500-lumen mini video projector is the... more
Features: 100% Brand new and high quality! Manual focus adjusting, get picture from 1.6 to 7.5m. Professional trouble shooting and protection measures. The projector is small and light, easy to carry. Low power consumption, echo-oriented. Easy changing... more
Features: The LED lamp can work for over 20 thousand hours, and can provide beautiful colors. Manual focus adjusting, get picture from 20 to 100 inches. Professional trouble shooting and protective measures. Easy changing in 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratio.... more
Features:Provides you fantastic fun of home theater projector in the daytime or darkness, projection is clear and distinct.This is an good Mini led Projector for home cinema Movies, child games or cartoon movies or Business presentations and... more
2300Lumen Portable HD 3D LED Projector Home Cinema Theater VGA USB AV HDMI Features: Manual focus adjusting, get picture from 1.1 to 7.0m Professional trouble shooting and protection measures. The projector is small and light, easy to carry. Low power... more
Best prices on Sharp multimedia projector in Projectors. Check out Bizrate for great deals on popular brands like Barco, BenQ and Canon. Use Bizrate's latest online shopping features to compare prices. Read product specifications, calculate tax and shipping charges, sort your results, and buy with confidence. Easily narrow your search and find the product that's perfect for you.
no-rinse bathing and shampoo. moisturizes, condtions and reduces odor causing bacteria associated with incontinence cleansing (urinary, fecal). trust your source, buy direct from convatec. SKU:ADIB00HG2Q70M more
ConvaTec Aloe Vesta Cleansing Foam 4 oz., Aloe and Emollients, White Foam with Bluish/Green Tint, Non-Aerosol, Clean fresh Scent, No-Rinse, pH-balanced 6.5 to 7.5, Ideal for Sensitive Skin.Bathing, shampooing and incontinence cleansing.Easily dissolves... more
All of our products comply with international quality standards and are greatly appreciated in a variety of different markets throughout the world. Manufacturer # 325208 Brand ® Manufacturer Convatec Active Ingredient Hydrolyzed Collagen Application... more
Enjoy just-showered freshness, even when there's no time or place for a shower. This light cleansing foam instantly lifts away sweat, dirt and odor with a blend of antibacterial neem extract and cooling aloe vera. The quick-vanishing formula leaves... more
ConvaTec Aloe Vesta Cleansing Foam 4 oz., Aloe and Emollients, White Foam with Bluish/Green Tint, Non-Aerosol, Clean fresh Scent, No-Rinse, pH-balanced 6.5 to 7.5, Ideal for Sensitive Skin Bathing, shampooing and incontinence cleansing. Easily... more
Ready-to-use hydrating foam cleanser, for no rinse bathing and shampooing. No-drip formula for easy cleaning. Contains hydrolyzed collagen, a known skin conditioner. This product used in a system with Aloe Vesta and Sensi-Care moisturizers and... more
Facial Cleansing Foam removes impurities and makeup from the skin with 40,000ppm of Aloe Vera Leaf Juice from Jeju. It calms the reddened and sensitive skin. more
A mild, natural cleanser, which contains nine herbs and fresh aloe ingredients, providing moisture after cleansing. more
The fresh gel-type cleansing gel cream effectively removes makeup residue and impurities from your skin with its rich aloe vera extract.HOW TO USE:Gently massage with a fair amount over face and tissue off. Follow with a cleansing foam... more
[ COSRX ] Low pH First Cleansing Milk Gel 150mlAbout Product- Sunscreen&Waterproof Remover(NOT for a makeup / It’s NOT a Foam Cleanser)- FOR very sensitive skin- FOR those who couldn’t use a cleansing oil, a cleansing balm due to greasy residue- FOR... more
3-N-1 is a thick foaming, rinse free body wash, shampoo, and perineal cleanser. Enriched with aloe vera, it soothes and moisturizes fragile skin as it cleans more
Dermarite 3-n-1 no-rinse cleansing foam, 7.5 oz. bottle. 3-n-1 cleansing foam contains aloe vera, is ph balanced and is great for bed baths, ventilator patients, bed confined and obese patients. use as a perineal cleanser, body wash or shampoo. perfect... more
Dermarite 3-n-1 Cleansing Foam 7-3/4Oz Bottle, No-rinse, Latex-free; Dermarite no-rinse, easy to use 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam is the one product that does it all. 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam contains Aloe Vera, is pH balanced and is great for bed baths, ventilator p more
Dermarite no-rinse, easy to use 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam is the one product that does it all. 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam contains Aloe Vera, is pH balanced and is great for bed baths, ventilator patients, bed confined and obese patients. Use as a perineal... more
New And Unused. I Opened The Plastic Covering Over The Aloe Cleansing Foam When I Received It, However It Is Unused And Full. The Two Included Masks Are Also By Nature Republic And Are For Hydrating And Firming. They Are Sealed. more
Helps cleanse both face & body with a lavish foam Formulated with Tea Tree & Organic Aloe to cure, invigorate & relieve skin Blended with natural essential oils, antioxidants & botanicals Helps detoxify skin from pollutants, combat skin aging Forms a... more
Clean & Free Cleanser 8Oz, No-rinse, pH-balanced no-rinse, easy to use 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam is the one product that does it all. 3-N-1 Cleansing Foam contains Aloe Vera, is pH balanced and is great for bed baths, ventilator patients, bed confined and... more
Best prices on Aloe vesta cleansing foam in Skin Care Products online. Visit Bizrate to find the best deals on top brands. Read reviews on Health & Beauty Supplies merchants and buy with confidence.
Register on Extrabux and return 20% of all orders in Gamiss and other online-shops. After registering you will earn $5 welcome bonus. The price will be even lower when using the coupon codes (on website Extrabux), cashback discount is summed up with coupons.
us-price.com - product search and price comparison service is US stores. Service covers a wide variety of types of goods: computers, electronics, home appliances, baby products, products for outdoor activities, goods for repair and construction, auto products, and more.
We are not engaged in the sale and delivery of goods. The purpose of the service - to find the best offer according to your request. Our catalog contains information about products from a variety of stores, data is continuously updated, so you always see only the actual prices and availability of products.
In the simplest of terms, genetic progress is making better cows, faster. Before we can share tips on how to make genetic progress in your herd, it’s important to understand the actual equation for genetic progress. It depends solely on four factors.
Do you use artificial insemination rather than a herd bull? Do you code cows with poor production, udders, or feet and legs as Do Not Breeds? Do you flush your best females and use your low end animals as embryo transfer recipients?
A yes to any of these questions means you are increasing selection intensity on your dairy by simply being more selective on which males and females you choose to be parents of your next generation of cattle.
Accuracy of selection: the average reliability of genetic evaluations used to make decisions about parents of the next generation of animals.
In the world of genetics, accuracy is primarily measured in terms of reliability. And in terms of genomics, accuracy is a function of the size of the reference population that is used to compare against a genomic-tested animal. Currently, the genomic reliabilities for production traits are often 70% or greater in North American Holsteins, which is twice the level of reliability that we used to achieve with traditional parent averages computed based on pedigrees.
Genetic variation: the degree of difference that exists between the best animals for a given trait and the worst animals for that trait.
If all animals were clones of one another, the variation among animals would be zero, and the opportunity to make genetic progress in any and all traits would cease to exist. Different genetic makeups and pedigrees lend way to variation among animals.
Genetic variation can be quite different from one herd to another. A herd that has used a focused genetic plan to select AI service sires for many years will have much less variation than a herd that has purchased animals with unknown pedigrees.
In comparison with other factors in the equation for genetic progress, little can be done to increase the amount of genetic variation within a given population. However, since inbreeding decreases the effective population size, by avoiding overly excessive inbreeding levels we can prevent a decrease in genetic variation.
As the prevalence of genomic sires has increased over the past five years, the generation interval has been on the decline. Now, instead of waiting a minimum of 4.5 years to use traditional progeny-tested bulls, both farms and AI companies can more confidently make use of genomic-tested bulls in their on-farm AI programs or as sires of sons by the time an elite sire is roughly one year of age, decreasing the generation interval on the paternal side by more than three years.
So to put these factors of the genetic progress equation into play on your farm, what management strategies can you implement to make the most genetic progress possible?
You can make genetic progress in a variety of ways. First and foremost, you want to ensure you’re making progress in the right direction. To do this, set your own customized genetic plan, placing your selection emphasis only on the traits that matter to you – whether that’s production, health or conformation, and any specific traits within those categories. This way, you’ll not only make progress, but it will be in the direction of your goals in order to maximize progress and profit on your dairy.
Once you’ve set your genetic plan, select the best bulls to fit that plan. You can take advantage of the amplified selection intensity put into place by your AI company, knowing that from the thousands of bulls they are genomic testing each year, they select only the best of the best to be parents of the next generation.
If you also select only the elite sires that fit your genetic plan from your AI company you maximize your on-farm selection intensity as compared to using just any cheaper bull off the proof list.
There is no need to fear genomic-proven sires. By making use of the best and brightest genomic-proven sires available, you make strides in all areas of the genetic progress equation. You decrease the generation interval as compared to waiting to use daughter-proven sires. You also step up the genetic selection intensity on your farm.
The accuracy gained from an ever-growing reference population of genomic-tested males and females is another benefit of selecting from a group of genomic-proven sires. And by utilizing a group of these sires, rather than one individual, you can maximize the genetic variation when pedigrees differ among them.
You can take these tips one step further using a strategic approach with the females in your herd. However, these are the top three, simple ways to make genetic progress on your dairy.
If you implement these steps, you will increase selection intensity, accuracy and variation, while decreasing generation interval. The progress you make will be in the direction of the goals you’ve set for your farm, so you can capitalize on the genetic profit and progress potential.
If you’ve used sexed semen on your dairy, you already know that sexed semen fertility is not the same as conventional semen fertility. It’s no secret that individual bulls may perform differently as conventional semen than they do as sexed semen.
Millions of pregnancy check records in the CONCEPT PLUS database confirm these differences in sire fertility between conventional and sexed semen.
Based on research from our product development team, you now have access to the all-new 511 CONCEPT PLUS ratings! This designation tells you which sires give you the best chance at creating pregnancies with Alta511 SexedULTRA sires.
On an individual bull page, look for the purple 511 CONCEPT PLUS logo to know which bulls offer the best chance at creating a female pregnancy.
CONCEPT PLUS sires still tell us which bulls provide the highest conception rates using conventional semen. The new development around sexed semen fertility just gives you a more precise way to know which bulls best fit your genetic plan and strategy.
We collect current pregnancy check results through DairyComp from our partner herds and include only information from the past two years to designate CONCEPT PLUS sires.
Data is only gathered from progressive, large-herd environments, where management is consistent, contemporary group sizes are large, and repro programs are aggressive.
For more details on the all-new 511 CONCEPT PLUS sexed sire fertility evaluation, work with your trusted Alta advisor today.
Realizing this truth, if improved fertility is one of your ultimate goals, genetics can help get you there – both now and into the future.
If you’re looking for a fertility advantage on inseminations today, sire fertility rankings are where you’ll want to focus. Alta’s ConceptPlus evaluation ranks each sire on his ability to get cows pregnant. Sires with the high fertility ConceptPlus status will give you a 2%-5% conception rate advantage over the average service sire.
Why should you trust Alta’s ConceptPlus rankings? They are based on real pregnancy check results from herds in the US, Canada and Germany. The evaluation also maintains accuracy by accounting for factors like number of times bred, month/season, technician and breeding code effects.
If you’re more familiar with sire conception rate (SCR), keep in mind that Alta’s ConceptPlus evaluation served as a basis for SCR, and the table below compares what’s included in Alta’s ConceptPlus evaluation and SCR.
Accounts for various factors affecting fertility, including age, month, herd, service number and lactation X X
Data is collected from herds in the US and Canada and is not restricted to US herds on official test X
You can see that both fertility evaluations include a great deal of factors and information, but ConceptPlus takes it a few steps further for greater accuracy. If improved fertility is your current goal, ConceptPlus sires will provide that boost to improve your herd’s conception rates. But it doesn’t stop there.
While sire fertility selection can get you more pregnancies now, it takes genetic selection for female fertility to ensure your herd’s reproduction continues to improve.
Daughter pregnancy rate (DPR), heifer conception rate (HCR) and cow conception rate (CCR) all provide a genetic basis for creating more fertile females. Emphasizing one, or any combination, of these traits within your customized genetic plan means you are breeding a next generation of cows with a greater ability to conceive.
Daughter pregnancy rate is defined as the number of non-pregnant cows that become pregnant within each 21-day period. When a sire has a DPR of 1.0, it means that his daughters are 1% more likely than the average herdmate to become pregnant in a given 21-day window. And each added point of DPR equates to 4 fewer days open.
When referring to HCR and CCR, these traits are defined respectively as a virgin heifer or lactating cow’s ability to conceive. For each of these traits, when a sire has a value of 1.0, it means that his daughters are 1% more likely to conceive than daughters of a sire with an HCR or CCR of 0.0.
While DPR is a slightly different calculation than HCR or CCR, all three are a way to measure the fertility of the female herself.
So if you’re looking to improve fertility and reproduction in your herd, take these steps for best results:
1. Improve conception rates now by using sires with the high fertility CONCEPT PLUS ranking to get a 2%-5% boost on current breedings.
2. Improve fertility for the future of your herd by including DPR and/or HCR and CCR in your customized genetic plan to create a next generation of more fertile females.
The GIL is a major benefits giver; convenient transportation, economic impact for businesses, air pollution reduction, noise pollution reduction, personal health, and quality of life.
#1 - Young teens who live in neighborhoods where they can safely bike and walk to school and other destinations are significantly less likely to be obese. (Priedt, R., 2010)
#2 - Overweight adolescents who participate in bicycling 3 to 4 days per week are 85% more likely to become normal-weight adults. (Menschik, D., et al., 2008)
#3 - A study of nearly 2,400 adults found that those who biked to work were fitter, leaner, less likely to be obese, and had better triglyceride levels, blood pressure, and insulin levels than those who didn't active commute to work. (Gordon-Larsen, P., et al., 2009)
#4 - The Great Allegheny Passage Economic Impact Study (Campos, 2009) attributed 2008 revenue of $40,677,299 and it was projected that businesses distributed $7,500,798 in wages.
#5 - The Heritage Rail Trail County Park (21 miles) in York County, PA cost $4.5 million dollars to construct (1990-1999). Average annual spending by trail users on consumable goods is $2.3 million or $35 million over the past 15 years. -Carl Knoch, Chairperson York County Rail Trail Authority.
C->Haskell assists in the development of Haskell bindings to C libraries. It extracts interface information from C header files and generates Haskell code with foreign imports and marshaling. Unlike writing foreign imports by hand (or using hsc2hs), this ensures that C functions are imported with the correct Haskell types.
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Clarifying the relationship between brand personality and persuasive advertising AU - MERABET Amina AU - BENHABIB Abderrezzak PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 277 EP - 298 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies T2 - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 UR - http://www.ijias.issr-journals.org/abstract.php?article=IJIAS-14-128-03 AB - The brand personality is one of the concepts that can improve the understanding of brand-consumer relationship. A successful brand management requires the building of a distinct desirable and sustainable brand personality. However, few studies have focused on the antecedents of this concept.This research attempts to determine the level of traits alteration of brand personality in the case of either three types of processing that relate to central, transitional and peripheral persuasive advertising.Relying on a literature review, the basic concepts of this research were clarified and a conceptual model was proposed .It include antecedents of brand personality (persuasive advertising and attitude toward the ad), consequences (attitude toward the brand and purchase intention) and moderating variables (brand familiarity and product involvement). An empirical study was conducted among 1200 individuals representative of Tlemcen city. The results of the data analysis using MANOVA and structural equation modeling confirm our main hypothesis as well as others hypotheses. ER -
TY - JOUR ID - TI - Clarifying the relationship between brand personality and persuasive advertising AU - MERABET Amina AU - BENHABIB Abderrezzak PY - 2014 VL - 6 IS - 2 SP - 277 EP - 298 JO - International Journal of Innovation and Applied Studies SN - 20289324 AB - The brand personality is one of the concepts that can improve the understanding of brand-consumer relationship. A successful brand management requires the building of a distinct desirable and sustainable brand personality. However, few studies have focused on the antecedents of this concept.This research attempts to determine the level of traits alteration of brand personality in the case of either three types of processing that relate to central, transitional and peripheral persuasive advertising.Relying on a literature review, the basic concepts of this research were clarified and a conceptual model was proposed .It include antecedents of brand personality (persuasive advertising and attitude toward the ad), consequences (attitude toward the brand and purchase intention) and moderating variables (brand familiarity and product involvement). An empirical study was conducted among 1200 individuals representative of Tlemcen city. The results of the data analysis using MANOVA and structural equation modeling confirm our main hypothesis as well as others hypotheses. ER -
The brand personality is one of the concepts that can improve the understanding of brand-consumer relationship. A successful brand management requires the building of a distinct desirable and sustainable brand personality. However, few studies have focused on the antecedents of this concept.
This research attempts to determine the level of traits alteration of brand personality in the case of either three types of processing that relate to central, transitional and peripheral persuasive advertising.
Relying on a literature review, the basic concepts of this research were clarified and a conceptual model was proposed .It include antecedents of brand personality (persuasive advertising and attitude toward the ad), consequences (attitude toward the brand and purchase intention) and moderating variables (brand familiarity and product involvement).
An empirical study was conducted among 1200 individuals representative of Tlemcen city. The results of the data analysis using MANOVA and structural equation modeling confirm our main hypothesis as well as others hypotheses.
Cabell's Directories of Publishing Opportunities, U.S.A. & Index Copernicus Publishers Panel, Poland with IC Value of 5.09 (2012) as well as in number of libraries all around the world.
Circulated all over the world & Google has verified that scholars of more than 6185 Cities in 195 countries/territories are visiting our journals on regular basis.
Published 7787 quality Research Papers/Manuscripts, belonging to 13270 authors of different countries.
Have more than 1550000 visits of researchers on our website, who have made more than 4750000 downloads.
Know Hugo HS Class of 2002 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2002 Class List by adding missing names.
Spider-Man was the top movie in theaters in 2002, with a lifetime gross of over $403,706,375. Among TV shows in 2002, Friends was the most popular of the year.
More 2002 alumni from Hugo HS Hugo, OK have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2002 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Hugo high school called Hugo High School and graduated in '02 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 2002 graduates list.
Don't forget to upload your Hugo High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Hugo High School reunion.
There are more photos from Hugo Hugo, OK alumni listed at Classmates.com®. Click here to join Classmates.com® for free and share more HHS pictures.
Any photos of alumni from Hugo during or after school are listed below. Check out the pics that others from Hugo uploaded or add your Hugo HS Hugo, OK photos
A window that consists of vertical rows of horizontal glass slats that operate together by a crank mechanism that connects all the slats.
Ownership by two or more people that gives equal shares of a piece of property. Rights pass to the surviving owner or owners.
A floor or ceiling support member supported by foundation walls, piers or beams. Subflooring is connected to floor joists.
The decision of a court or law. If a court decides that a person must repay a debt, a lien may be placed against that person's property.
I cannot remember exactly what it was but she was endorsing a company that is known for swindling soldiers. She has also spread misinformation about military activities (she thinks she knows everythin...
I don't know WHO this Army wife is but she is pissing me off. I got blocked from the page because I corrected some absolutely FALSE information that she put out on her page which would have been poten...
            $this->post_object_format['status']['deleted'] = 'The post has been deleted permanently.';
        // unhook publicize, it's hooked again later -- without this, skipping services is impossible
                    // A term ID that doesn't already exist. Ignore it: we don't know what name to give it.
        // make sure this post actually exists and is not an error of some kind (ie, trying to load media in the posts endpoint)
        // We ask the user/dev to pass Publicize services he/she wants activated for the post, but Publicize expects us
                    // delete all SKIP values; it's okay to publish to all connected IDs for this service
            $this->parse_and_set_featured_image( $post_id, $delete_featured_image, $featured_image );
            // workaround for sticky test occasionally failing, maybe a race condition with stick_post() above
    protected function parse_and_set_featured_image( $post_id, $delete_featured_image, $featured_image ) {
It happened! HOPE Number Nine was from July 13-15 2012. DVDs and audio of talks is available in the 2600 Store.
The HOPE Number Nine Speaker Schedule is available. Check out talk names, abstracts, and speaker biographies. Three tracks of incredible content (plus a fourth "unscheduled" track) started at 10am on Friday morning July 13. Keynotes included William Binney and The Yes Men. You can also find out about lightning talks (Friday/Saturday after the keynotes) and the "unscheduled" Fourth Track.
Workshops and Hacker Space Village scheduling grids are available! Classes, workshops, and many hands-on experiences are scheduled. Visit the Call for Hackerspaces for more information.
Calls for submissions are all closed. Many outstanding submissions were received, and HOPE Number Nine was a memorable event. Now closed: Call for Activities: workshops, artwork, collaborative spaces; Call for Speakers.
HOPE Number Nine took place on July 13, 14, and 15, 2012 at the Hotel Pennsylvania in New York City. H.O.P.E. stands for Hackers On Planet Earth, one of the most creative and diverse hacker events in the world. It's been happening since 1994.
Join us for three full days and nights of activities, including more of the provocative and enlightening speakers that the HOPE conferences are known for. In addition, we have access to a massive amount of space to put together all sorts of hacker projects and assorted fun stuff. In the past we've had huge hackerspace villages, film festivals, Segway rides, lockpicking villages, a wide variety of vendors, art installations, live radio, vintage computers, robots, ham radio installations, electronics workshops, book signings, and the country's biggest supply of Club-Mate.
Now imagine all of that happening right in the middle of New York City, across the street from Penn Station and down the block from the Empire State Building. It seems impossible, but with the hard work and dedication of our huge volunteer staff, we're able to pull it off. You can also become part of the magic, whether by attending or volunteering to help run the event with us. We also encourage attendees to submit ideas for talks or to suggest projects that we may not have ever thought of before. Please explore and spread the word!
If you are a singer or musician we invite you to explore being a part of our Worship Team. Please contact us.
Held the last Sunday night of each month at 6:00 pm in Ackerman Hall, this special service is a wonderful time of singing, praising God and sharing what God has been doing in our lives. This is followed by a time of fellowship with refreshments. Usually this group will practice a song to share with the congregation on Sunday in the form of a choir.
powder room vanity lights with vessel sink home depot hlf bthroom nd fter,powder room sinks small vanity with vessel sink design ideas,powder room vanity size very small sinks, powder room vanity size sinks small home depot, powder room mirror cabinet vanity size sinks small,powder room vanity modern lights small cabinets ,powder room vanity ideas small design, small powder room vanity sink lights design ideas, small powder room vanity cabinets design ideas lights, powder room vanity with vessel sink design ideas very small.
I've been listening to your CD Together We Rise. I LOVE it! Such inspiring words, and you sound magnificent!
Thanks for everything. We wish all the best and happy new year. Blessings support peace harmony calmness - Suzanne and Lyle
Hi Karie. Thank you for your sweet note. Just want you to know that I am enjoying your CD very much, and particularly love In the Silence. I will be using it for my morning meditation. Can't wait to share your music with my Sacred Circle. I know we will meet again. Much love, Denise
Dearest Karie, You were marvelous yesterday. You added so much to the event, especially with your special song. You are so wonderful to do this for us, to give of your time and talent. Everyone had such a good time. So many said it made their day! Love, Bobbie
I am back on Vancouver island and as I am emailing you, I have your CD playing -- and I love it-- We are all one !
Thank you, Karie! Your talk was just what I needed to hear--really timely. And I'm so glad that I got to sit with you at lunch. You're so honest, funny, and wise--an original, authentic soul! With love, Barbara
sample business school essays case study format business school sample cv service essay format sample essays mba harvard
Cover Letter Business School Truwork Coletter High School Students As A Student Cover Letter Sample Of
CUPID AMONG CO-WORKERS: These 4 horoscope signs have great chance of finding love at work during OCTOBER | Daily Horoscope | Love Horoscope | Zodiac Constellations
CUPID AMONG CO-WORKERS: These 4 horoscope signs have great chance of finding love at work during OCTOBER
While it's not unusual to see sparks among people who work together on a daily basis, the policy of many companies is not to look favorably on the relationships between employees.
Through work, especially with foreigners, you will have the opportunity in the other half of the month, to meet a person who will suggest you casual dating and you can accept it because you will like them at first sight, but you will not know much about them. Most likely it will be the extremely interesting person who, among other things, will charm you with their mystery. Men are at greater risk than women when it comes to the possibility of falling into some kind of trap because they can be great idealists and will not want so much of a passionate relationship as a true romance.
Your sign will not be deprived of excitement and various happenings on love plan. You will be in heaven or on a trip and use every opportunity to flirt with someone. But beware, if you want your love to remain a secret, especially if you are in a relationship with Capricorn or Scorpio, it will be publicly revealed. You attract the attention of environment, and you will be flexible, especially if you are a woman Aries, and if you are a man Aries, you need to show your wit and communication skills.
This period is great for falling in love, but only if you keep emotions under control. You talk a lot; you do a little work. Notice how charming someone is and how much they yearn for you. And after you notice it, take action. You may become a person obsessed with love in the middle of the month, or you will have an increased need for flirting. It depends on your initiative whether you will succeed in imposing yourself to the person you care about. If you are married or have a longer relationship, you will have jealous scenes, because you will blame one another both for what there is and there isn’t a genuine reason.
You have quite a ‘fuss’ at work, so if you like someone from business circles, there will be plenty of things to write a novel about it later. If you are engaged in creative work, everything you do is carefully watched, evaluated by someone who is not your immediate associate and who is trying to get to you through work.
Find reviews, trailers, release dates, news, screenshots, walkthroughs, and more for Detective Barbie in the Mystery of the Carnival Caper here on GameSpot.
Detective Barbie: In the Mystery of the Carnival CaperBarbie is no longer just a pretty face.. She can do any and everything, and to prove it, she and her .
The IRIS Mundial team gratefully acknowledges the involvement of Nikon in its projects. In recent weeks, IRIS Mundial has received more than 200 pairs of new glasses and frames made specifically by Nikon Laboratories Montreal for IRIS Mundial. New lenses with anti-reflective and scratch-resistant coatings were cut and mounted in Nikon labs. The frames used were donations generously made to IRIS Mundial by IRIS stores and suppliers. The involvement of Nikon has made it possible for IRIS Mundial to offer high quality eyewear to its project recipients.
The trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS® and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by the Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA. The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned and administered by CREA.
<# if ( data.show_favorites && data.is_favorited ) { #> <# } else if ( data.show_favorites ) { #> <# } #>
Common Pheasant were introduced in North America in 1773 - (Pheasant - Photo Common Pheasant cock in courtship plumage)
Help contribute to this project by taking a few moments to create your personal profile. Create your profile »
0.9.7 accounts activities admin affiliation apache assigned associations asterisk authentication avatar billing bug bugs caldav calendar call campaign campaigns center closed closed_lost comments compatibility contact contacts converting create crm dashboard data date datepicker demo design dialing discounts display domains dropbox ecommerce email export exporting extension extra information false favicon feature feature request footer forcast forgot format forms fuzzy generator gmail google gravatar heroku highrise hooks i18n ical id ie javascript images import importing infrastructure inplace installation integration interface javascript landing leads list lists login logo many accounts merging misc named_scope accounts nbsb notes notifications opportunities opportunity options outbound outlook override paging password password resetting pending tasks permissions pipeline plugin plugins postgres precedence preferences price probabilities profile profile image upload imagemagick rails3 rake rasks refactor refactoring relationship reminder reporting reports revenue rspec rss ruby scroll search security settings shared sidebar sign-ups size suggestions symbol sync synchronization tab tabs task tasks team telemarketing templates testing timezone todo tools tracking typo upgrade usability users uuid validation verison number view voip wishlist wrong
This is a new design in kitchen faucets. It is meant to look like a professional faucet but not to be too overwhelming. Note that Grohe has just come out with a version of this that is 5" shorter. These come in two finishes, chrome and super Steal which is like stainless or brushed nickel. Super Steal is a color name and does not indicate anything about what the faucet is made of.
With the Grohe K7 kitchen tap pull-down, there is no sound, the height/angle at which this is designed makes it much easier to spray down the walls of the sink when cleaning up. Grohe Küchenarmatur swivels nicely and effortlessly, and it's really cool to look at. Pulling down the spray seems more natural/flowing than pulling out and towards you as with the pull-out spray.
The one thing we face that the pull-out spray of Grohe k7 faucet creates the sound of the metal hose sliding in and out of the faucet body and sometimes it wouldn't retract as easily and felt stiff when you are trying to clean the walls of the sink. Grohe k7 pull-out spray kitchen sink faucet is easy to use and set up. Grohe k7 medium looks nice and adds some design to your kitchen.
If you always want a commercial type kitchen room, then, set up Grohe kitchen faucets and finally pull the trigger on this K7 Grohe. And, you will find the difference in form and function. If you consider how much demand is made on a kitchen faucet, spend the money, and you won't regret it. We highly recommend you this product.
2 pack Colorful LED Water Faucet，DLAND RC-F03 Water Stream Faucet Tap，3 Changes Color Depending on the Water's Temperature for Kitchen and Bathroms.
This small device is suitable for most taps,When the water temperature is below 32 degrees, the light color is blue. When the water temperature is between 33 to 41 degrees, the right shows green. When the water temperature is between 42 to 45 degrees, it will display the red. When the water temperature is higher than 46 degrees, the light flashing red
Note: If the LED water faucet lights up, it requires a certain water pressure. And it won't light up if the water pressure is too low.
WEWE Single Handle High Arc Brushed Nickel Pull out Kitchen Faucet,Single Level Stainless Steel Kitchen Sink Faucets with Pull down Sprayer
Multifunctional Outlet Water Effect-3 way spray setting(STREAM,SPRAY,PAUSE),stream for filling water, spray for rinsing, pause for avoiding splashing in multitask mode.