- Convincing myself if I just go to the gym 5 times a week and work really hard, the results will follow (naive me)
- And just simply not being consistent enough for results, because I thought I could do it all by myself (spoiler: consistency is the secret)
To be honest, the list of mistakes are endless and it gets pretty embarrassing, so let's keep breaking down that #2.
Let's chat about how I can help YOU not be the big dummy that I was and, instead, get in the best shape of your life.
And, since you're likely here for results, why don't I show you what I've done with previous people who came to this site just like you're doing now?
"Matt's vast knowledge on training and nutrition helped me put on a significant amount of lean tissue during my time with him as a coach. His philosophy on sustainability taught me strategies and techniques that helped me to incorporate fitness into my everyday life despite any challenges that may arise. This has had a positive impact on me both mentally and physically. I am more than happy with my results, and would recommend Matt to anyone looking to improve their physique and their life." - Wesley
I was hooked because it was a TEAM effort; we brainstormed through obstacles and figured out ways to allow him to be a normal college kid while still reaching his fitness goals.
And seeing as how I've played team sports since I was a wee little lad, it was a very proud moment for me to be on the opposite side as a coach and mentor.
More importantly, I was ecstatic to pass along my knowledge to Wesley to use fitness to *enhance* his life, and not *be* his life.
It’s why I'm pumped you're here. Seriously, we’re bonding already and I'd love to extend it further by working together.
I want you to enter into my exclusive Tribe of Badassery, take alllll the shit in my little brain so you obtain extraordinary results, and then finally be able to self-sustain the body of your dreams for the rest of your life based on what we learned together.
And it's funny because my client Laura said the exact same thing (minus the “dude” part) before we got started together.
She started with a 6-month commitment and wanted to drop it down to a 3-month commit instead (my minimum).
She initially came to me because she wanted to become more goal-oriented in the gym with her workouts and gain control over her poor eating habits.
She was jumping from program-to-program and was feeling guilty about constantly overeating when out with friends or when she simply had a bad day.
And since I study training methodologies and eating behavior psychology like Issac Newton and the law of gravity -- I knew exactly how to help her.
"I don't know Matt, I just like food too much. And what about my bourbon or wine? I still want a life!"
"I am not your dad. You can do whatever the fuck you want. You're the captain of the boat and I'm the little guy at the top looking for land, guiding us in the right direction. Your rate of progress and how much of your life you're willing to sacrifice is ultimately up to you."
I'll tell you exactly what to eat and when to eat it so we can fit in some drinks for you to enjoy your weekend.
In his words: "After 4 years of yo-yo dieting, trying to figure out the best routine, doing all the workouts on bodybuilding.com, I thought I knew it all and I was taking a shit ton of supplements. Found out discipline, consistency, and your workouts did it man. Thank you."
But here's the thing: compared to in-person personal training, Online Training is a ridiculous bargain.
By working with me, you can enjoy all the benefits (and more) of in-person training -- without ever having somebody follow you around a crowded gym and count your reps -- for a QUARTER of that price.
There is no guesswork. Your plan is extremely specific to your needs so you can get in the gym, follow exactly what I have programmed for you, and get out.
Listen, these past few years have been the busiest years of my life, so I totally get how hard it can be to regularly make it to the gym and eat healthy.
But what this forced me to do was learn how to ... wait for it, this is groundbreaking ... work SMARTER, not HARDER.
This meant “fitness minimalism" and doing only what was necessary to get the maximum results possible.
This doesn't mean it was boring and repetitive, or even intense Crossfit-style workouts. Quite the contrary (thank God).
Implementing the strategies I discovered during this time is exactly what I want to use with YOU so you can optimize your body and health, instead of just "trying harder."
Most importantly: you get ME. When I’m your coach, you’ve got me in your pocket all day every day. I’m not going to be hounding you 24/7 and installing spyware on your phone to make sure you’re hitting the gym. But I will check in with you and see what kind of support you need. We’ll have scheduled check ins for updates, but you’ll be able to text, call, email, or send a raven whenever you need something. Think of me like 7/11: I’m not always doin’ business, but I’m always open.
To make sure you aren't freaking out over what you should do first, you'll get your clear and concise "Getting Started" Materials that I provide for all my clients -- Client Handbook, Grocery List, Daily Client Checklist, etc. -- within 24 hours. I provide this education ASAP so you have absolutely no doubts on what you need to be doing from day 1 to be one step closer to your goals.
I created The Client Handbook as my nifty (I love that word) little add-on to show you exactly how to get the best results from this coaching experience. It includes:
Prehab/rehab/mobility and warm-up examples so you stay safe and enjoy your workouts pain-free (or rehab older nagging pains)
My best tips on managing alcohol intake, stress, and sleep so they don't interfere with your progress.
I’ll also drop over a fancy lil' Client Analysis form that allows me to individualize your plan as much as possible so I can expedite your progess, making sure you have fun throughout this entire experience.
Your training plans are progressive and build upon each other, so there is a method to the madness. Wanna focus on your arms this next 4-8 weeks? Awesome. Wanna focus on getting 5-10 full pull-ups? Great. Don’t know how to perform an exercise? No problem, I have tutorial links for every exercise I prescribe. REMEMBER: You point the direction and I will guide the ship. I also send out a Program Feedback form at the end of your first month to see what you liked or didn’t like, because, again, I wanna make sure you ENJOY these programs.
For nutrition, most coaches fit their client's to their coaching methods as opposed to what they SHOULD do: fit their methods to their clients. Diet strategies are all just a means to an end, and that end is your goal. Intermittent fasting? Vegan? Keto? IIFYM? As long as you enjoy what you're eating every day, it promotes a healthy lifestyle, and you're seeing bomb-ass results -- I think any of these diets can work. And with a lil' bit of teamwork, we will figure out which one is best for you.
Icing on the cake: I’ll give you some supplement rec’s to fill in the gaps of your training and nutrition plans (increase power, improved sleep, sex drive, overall health/well-being, whatever you can think of), if needed.
[NEW] You'll gain access to the Tribe of Badassery, aka an exclusive Instagram page for all my clients where I provide content that I don't post anywhere else.
I don’t have to say much for this one because I let my clients do the talking (re-read above). And like I said before, I can’t guarantee you’re going to get results just by working with me. But if you work with me AND put in the effort, the chances of reaching your goals go from buying a lottery ticket to working with Warren Buffet.
I require a 3-month minimum for my coaching program, but the vast majority of my clients work with me for 6+ months. I have a higher client retention rate than most coaches because I focus on actually connecting with my clients. Most of them are people who I would love to hang out with in real life. In fact, this happens from time to time (see below). Bottom line: I’m capping my roster at 30 clients because I genuinely want to support every single one of them the best I can. And I’d love for you to join.
Finally, once we get all the boring transactional stuff taken care of, I’ll have your training and nutrition plans ready to go in a week’s time.
Okay, but seriously. I’m not trying to pressure you like some frat dude at a kegger who doesn’t realize he’s about to get a lawsuit against him.
I’m just SAYING that you should take a minute and ask yourself: how much progress have you made in the last 4 months?
If those two things don’t match up, well, maybe what you’re doing’s not working. Maybe it’s time to try something different. Maybe it’s time to realize that you might not be able to make the progress you want without a little accountability, expertise, and skin in the game.
Again: online coaching isn’t for everyone. If you’re a total beginner, I’d much rather you spend some time in the gym with a coach who can physically show you how the correct form you need and push you a bit. That’s the safest way.
And even if you’re not a beginner, it’s possible that online coaching might not be right for you. Maybe you need someone to stand there and count reps and ask you about your weekend.
It’s even possible that online coaching is exactly what you need—but that we’re not a good fit. Like, maybe you hate puppies and think The Office was the worst show on tv. If that’s the case, I’m sorry, but this just ain’t gonna work out.
And if it turns out we’ll get along like Brian and Stewie Griffin and I’ve got room on the roster, we’ll make some magic happen.
**Note: this is only the consult application. If we are a right fit, I will have you complete an extensive client analysis for you. AKA - you don’t have to tell me EVERYTHING in this application. Just an overview. :)**
How long have you been following me? Just started 1 week - 1 month 1 - 3 months 3 - 12 months Longer than one year
Has your doctor ever said that you have a heart condition and that you should only do physical activity recommended by your doctor? * No Yes
Do you have a bone or joint problem (for example back, knee, or hip) that could be made worse by a change in physical activity? * No Yes
- Email Consult: this one is pretty straightforward. Haha. I will get back to you as quickly as possible with some basic questions. If you want this option, send me an email.
247 corpus presenter software for language analysis with a manual and a corpus of irish english as sample data DOC
292 us constitution bill of rights amendments federalist papers and more annotated version english edition DOC
302 art and the augustinian order in early renaissance italy church faith and culture in the medieval west DOC
314 mytechcommlab with pearson etext standalone access card for technical communication 12th edition DOC
350 accelerating trade and integration in the caribbean policy options for sustained growth job creation and poverty reduction country studies DOC
402 the vow or obligation by clymer r swinburne published by kessinger publishing llc 2010 paperback DOC
Holland America Line has been the most popular cruise line for guests of Cruise Specialists since our inception in 1987. Holland America Line’s fleet of 15 ships (16 with the addition of ms Koningsdam in 2016) offers over 500 cruises visiting all seven continents. The ships range in size from the ms Prinsendam carrying 793 passengers to the newest class of ships accommodating 2,650. Loyal guests praise the gracious Indonesian crew, and the elegant touches of fresh flowers and thoughtfully chosen artwork that grace each ship. Each year, the Holland America Line Grand World Voyage (World Cruise) departs from Ft. Lauderdale and always features a large contingent of Cruise Specialists guests and special perks.
Why Holland America: They are known for their award-winning service, five star dining, extensive activities and enrichment programs and compelling itineraries.
Don’t Miss: Be sure to check out their Culinary Arts Center cooking demonstrations and classes, and unique Digital workshops offered onboard. New attractions include Le Cirque Pinnacle Grill dinner and Dancing with the Stars theme cruises.
The TakeAway: Game-based technologies can serve as powerful tools for advancing sustainability and civic engagement—while enabling us to become game creators, too. If you’re like many Americans, you spent part of your Christmas holiday playing with your Wii, Xbox360, PlayStation … Continue reading →
Posted in Corporate Governance, Corporate Reporting, Media & Entertainment, Serious Games, Stakeholder Engagement, Sustainability Ratings	| Tagged AMD, AMD Foundation, Boys and Girls Clubs of America (BGCA), Changing the Game, Game On! Texas, iCivics, Microsoft, Mozilla Labs, Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), Parsons The New School for Design, Pew Internet and American Life, Sandra Day O'Connor, Scratch, serious games, social impact, STEM, video games, Ward Tisdale, Warren Spector	| 3 Comments
California’s supply chain slavery disclosure law | Sustainability = Smart Business on State Law, Supply Chains, and the End of Slavery
PNC Financial Services Group Recognized Among Working Mother’s 2018 Best Companies for Dads 13 November 2018
Archives Select Month June 2017 January 2017 July 2015 November 2014 January 2014 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 January 2013 December 2012 July 2012 February 2012 January 2012 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010
Five years ago, today (November 29th, 2012), my life changed. I was working in an industry that I really liked, enjoying life and had some sort of direction, up until I had my stroke
Five years ago, I really did not have a long-term plan for my life, I just took it day by day. Then all of a sudden I had my stroke. One would think it set me back and brought my life to a halt, but in all honesty, life had just begun.
Losing everything was a way to start all over again, build from the bottom up and make different life choices. Everything I had experienced prior to the stroke were life lessons and memories that helped me get through the tough times. As I reflected on my past, I realized there is nothing to regret because everything that I did made me happy, so I had that in my mind as I moved forward.
I am not much of a planner but starting this blog has forced me to think and reflect about my life and what I want to do. I have come to realize the value of time. You can never make more time, but you can always make more money. Keeping that in mind post stroke, I started to make decisions and set goals to make up for the lost time.
Prior to the stroke, I was looking to grow in the industry I was working in at that time. Luckily for me I ended up back in the same industry four years after my stroke. Six months after returning to work, I took a totally different role from what I would have taken prior to the stroke. With this new career path unfolding, I have set some short term and long term goals.
For the past five years, I have been starting to get my life back on track, conquering fears from my setbacks and overcoming obstacles thrown my way. Recovery is an ongoing journey, but I have found ways to adapt and move forward with the help of my family and friends. The goal is not to go back to what I was five years ago, but to be better than what I could have been. I plan on coming out on top of this recovery.
Click on picture to see large version (the picture is a guiding example, not always exactly the part you get)
© MBspecialist. All rights reserved. Original partnumbers displayed only as a guide. MBspecialist is a network of independent dealers.
Be aware that FileMaker Server does not allow the plugin to operate if no script is running. So if you use sockets there, make sure a script is running or paused while you expect an answer coming in.
In the expression the text $$ID$$ will be replaced when evaluated with the socket reference, so you can pass it to other functions if needed.
As anyone who builds websites will know, search engine optimization (SEO), i.e. optimizing your website & its content to be more readily searched & discovered via search engines, is both deceptively simple in nature yet takes a good deal of time to maintain correctly. Drupal, the CMS system that I have focused my career on over the past four & half years, has many features that give it a leg up in the SEO battle, though in the end the single most important way of improving a site's SEO is by having good content. That said, there are some tools to help improve a Drupal site's SEO capabilities and a new book from Packt Publishing aims to guide you through it. So, how good is it?
The book has just five chapters: an intro to what SEO is all about, how to configure Drupal's core functionality to improve SEO, contrib modules that can help, building an SEO strategy, and tips for maintaining & monitoring the site's progress. All of this comes in at roughly one hundred pages, which is pretty short compared to the previous Drupal 6 SEO book, written by self-made Drupal SEO expert Ben Finklea, which was over 250 pages.
As the maintainer/co-maintainer for two of Drupal's most commonly used SEO-focused modules (Nodewords for D6, Metatag for D7) I was hopeful to see the modules I've put much of my personal time into improving see some promotion, and I wasn't too disappointed in this regard.
The third chapter starts with a page explaining what contrib modules are how to search the Drupal website for them, which should indicate the audience this is written for. It then proceeds to briefly summarize the "Top SEO modules for Drupal", which includes SEO Tools, Facebook social plugins, Global Redirect, Metatag (booyah!), Page Title, Pathauto, Search 404, SEO Checklist, SEO UI, SEO Watcher, Sexy Bookmarks, TagClouds, XML Sitemap. So there's that. Once it finishes explaining what each of the modules is for it then goes into a brief summary of how to configure each module. And this is where I have a problem with the book.
One of the reasons I collaborate with the prolific Dave Reid on the Metatag module is that it covers most of the metadata that pages need, and you don't really need any other modules to handle this functionality. Specific things it is able to handle are the page title (the normal HTML "title" tag), the canonical URL tag, Open Graph tags (used with Facebook), Twitter Card tags (used with Twitter), Dublin Core tags, etc, along with some of the more basic "description" and "keywords" meta tags. Our idea is to have all of this functionality (and more over time) bundled together so it can be easily customized via one location, rather than having to go to one module's page to change the canonical tags, another for the page title, somewhere else for Open Graph, etc.
Why do I bring this up? Well, as with every other Drupal 7 -focused SEO article I've read, the book promotes using the Page Title module for handling the title tag even though the Metatag module has always let you customize the page title (even Dave's first code in early 2011 had it!) thus making the Page Title module completely redundant. Secondly, while Drupal core outputs a canonical URL tag on its own, with Metatag you can actually control what is output and override it per page (if you really need to), but the book discusses using GlobalRedirect module for this and not Metatag; yes, GlobalRedirect can help with other things, but you sure don't need it to add the canonical URL tag.
Another aspect that would have improved the book is a good explanation of what tokens are and how to use them as many of the SEO modules use them extensively. For the uninitiated, tokens are the small strings found in e.g. Metatag's fields on node edit pages that are wrapped in square brackets that get converted into something more useful when the page is displayed, e.g. [site:url] will output the main URL for the site, [node:title] shows the title of the current node page, etc, and it definitely would have helped to cover these in detail.
The rest of the content is fairly good, I'm just a bit disappointed at the inaccuracies in its coverage of modules. Between that and the book's length, this is a book I'd only recommend if you really are new to SEO best practices, and even then expect to need to do a lot of additional research.
Page Titles provides the content type and taxonomy overrides that are useful for adding consistent prefix or suffix title text to a given group of content. At this time metatag does not support this, correct? We use both modules on our sites. Thanks, by the way :)!!
Feel free to browse my Amazon.com wishlist, then poke fun at me for the large amount of 1990's music. Go on, I dare ya!
All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. Comments are owned by the Poster. The Rest ©2004-2014 Damien McKenna.
Flawed police officer Jim Arnaud (Jim Cummings) deals with the death of his mother while giving a heartfelt eulogy at her funeral.
Our mission is to provide you with services & solutions that makes keeping track of your finances & assets in convinient, secure, reliable manner.
Mccoy's advisory services are designed to supplement your Standard, Extended, or BPM selection project with on-site support and guidance.
Dedicated team to engaging its customers as partners, proactively solving problems, and delivering at the right time with 24*7 support.
We provide a thorough and cost-effective analysis of project funding, assist in prioritizing projects that meets our customers’ requirements.
We, at Mccoy, drive businesses to success by giving them the much required edge to maximize process improvement and operational savings.
Mccoy focuses its efforts on services including application development & maintenance (ADM), & support deployment (SD).
Mccoy has extensive experience in serving clients in enterprise application integration (EAI), ERP, data warehousing (DWH), business intelligence (BI), VoIP (Voice over IP), web and cloud computing areas.
"Once the big-picture is clear enough, well begin a journey of rapid experimentation and delivery to bring it to life. We integrate experience design with continuous delivery to quickly release and try out new ideas. We use agile analytics and visualization to measure engagement and generate insights."
Mccoy is committed to creating new stratergies that deliver value, drive performance, and bring new innovtions to market faster.
Mccoy's compliance services are designed to be flexible and accommodative of your organization's needs.
Mccoy helps organizations assess their information security technology needs and select the most appropriate solutions. We also help them plan, design, install and configure the solutions for effective deployment. We do this by identifying the functional, operational and integration requirements of the technology solutions and by evaluating emerging technologies and solutions for the unique requirements of each client.
Mccoy helps organizations establish a comprehensive information security program that consists of appropriate governance, policies, procedures and standards in a manner that aligns information security controls with business risk.
Mccoy primarily focus on delivering customized Business Solutions addressing a wide range of industries Such as Banks, Insurance companies , Manufacturing & Retail sectors, spanning infrastructure, FMCG, Media & Entertainment, agriculture and defense.
Mccoy has been cornerstone of our Branding worldwide,we are dedicated to continue to build our brand across the globe and named fastest growing software company as it validates that we’re building the innovative products and solutions that meet the growing demands of our customers
Our key focus is to deliver value to our clients. We measure our performance in terms of the value we add to our client’s business. We discuss and agree upon how we measure success. We maintain constant checkpoints throughout the development and delivery process. We have the expertise to design and integrate complex systems with diverse data sources, providing an easy way to obtaining relevant information to make critical business decisions..
Our long standing client relationships with the leaders in the industry gives us a strong and differentiated positioning as a leading global software services company.
With team work & partnerships we deliver cost competitive results with measurable impacts through excellence in delivery & expertise in software.
The adoption of best customer relationship practices is essential and profitability requires that projects are estimated correctly & completed on time.
With our assistance, Client can focus on the activities that drive the greatest business value and achieve operational excellence by optimizing performance.
Our products and solutions are highly scalable and customizable to meet every need keeping in line with Compliance to technology standards, business ground rules and Governmental rules & regulations.
Irrespective of the work experience In order to establish and promote standards of competency and improving service or product delivery we have been promoting training and certification.
With our technical ingeniousness and proven Project Management skills, we provide cost effective support that address our client’s overall software development requirements and give value to their product’s scope.
Mccoy Global Links, an Global Integrated IT Services certified company Since Inception in 2007, Mccoy has partnered with reputed brands, startup ventures, and IT companies to help them realize their solution requirements and deliver them effectively and efficiently
Please log in to your Mccoy account and click the Help button, or request a call from Mccoy Sales Team!
Please tell us about yourself, and one of our experts will reach out to schedule a live demo for you !
Best Happy Hour In Hermosa Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Places To Eat In Folly Beach South Carolina is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Tal By The Beach Hotel is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
21. Modelling Peaks Over Threshold - The project consists in developing functions for peaks over threshold modeling. Most of results come from the extreme value theory (EVT). The EVT is currently extensively used, mostly in environmental sciences and finance.
22. prefmod - analysis of preferences - Fits loglinear Bradley-Terry and pattern models for paired comparisons, rankings, and ratings. Some treatment of MCAR and MNAR. Design matrices for analysing real and derived (from ratings or rankings) paired comparison data using a loglinear approach.
24. move: analyze animal movement data - move is a package that contains functions to access movement data stored in movebank.org as well as tools to visualize and statistically analyse animal movement data. Move addresses movement ecological questions.
26. toyRpkg - A toy R package demonstrating features of R packaging. Plus, some useful functions would be included.
27. RobKalman - Package robKalman implements several robustifications of rhe classical Kalman filter; a common filtering iterface for all robustifications is provided as well as S4-classes for state space models and filtering results.
31. BiplotGUI: Interactive Biplots in R - BiplotGUI allows users to construct and interact with biplots in 2D or 3D. Observations are represented as points while variables are represented as calibrated biplot axes. Such biplots are multivariate analogues of ordinary scatter plots.
34. Mixed-pair mutual information estimators - Fast calculation mutual information for comparisons between all types of variables including continuous vs continuous, continuous vs discrete and discrete vs discrete. Also provides jackknife bias correction and tests for association.
36. related - Genetic relatedness in R - An R package that allows users to estimate pairwise relatedness of individuals based on codominant molecular markers, and also has simulation functions for comparing the performance of different estimators and for testing the resolution of a data set.
39. rootSolve - Routines to find the root of nonlinear functions, and to perform steady-state and equilibrium analysis of ordinary differential equations (ODE).
Elementary Schools A-I Elementary Schools J-R Elementary Schools S-Z Middle Schools A-I Middle Schools J-R Middle Schools S-Z High Schools A-I High Schools J-R High Schools S-Z
New York Education New York Public Schools New York Private Schools New York School Districts New York Public Library New York College/University
This week on can he score we brought in international mega hottie Aletta Ocean to the states to take on one of our lucky dudes for a blind date out of this world. Aletta Ocean is a Hungarian Porn star with an exotic look like no other, she has big tits and the face of an angel. but this sex powered Hungarian is Hungry for cock. Guage is a recently unemployed contract developer with a positive attitude and a subpar witty attitude, He claims he knows his way with the ladies and hasn't had a complain yet, but we'll see when we put him up to a real challenge when he goes on a blind date with Aletta Ocean can Guage come through and Feed this Hungarian what she needs or will he fail and go home with blue balls. check it out on this weeks Can He Score?
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Aletta Ocean anal fucked in a cave Added on Oct 14, 2014 Scene from Public Bang
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Aletta Ocean Anal Thumping Added on Jan 22, 2014 Scene from Mr. Anal
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Hungary For The Cock Added on Sep 29, 2009 Scene from Monsters of Cock
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Some anal for the asian Added on Jul 11, 2012 Scene from Mr. Anal
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Hollywood + Recession = HOLLYWEIRD Added on May 4, 2009 Scene from Ass Parade
Watch this video now! Play HD movie 19 yr. old Teanna Trump back for more! Added on May 10, 2015 Scene from Brown Bunnies
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Colombian Asses Threesome! Added on Sep 28, 2013 Scene from Colombia Fuck Fest
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Squeeky Clean Titties!!! Added on Sep 10, 2009 Scene from Big Tits, Round Asses
genuine simple work from home in mumbai, business automobile electronics fashion household jobs ads realestate list deals shopping services travel and more
Features and procedures described in this manual apply to the VISTA- 20P/ VISTA. BUILT- IN USER’ S MANUAL nd. In the instructions throughout this manual; in each case however it is always.
My co-hosts for this giveaway are Deliciously Savvy, SaraLee’s Deals Steals & Giveaways, Missy’s Views and Savings Clues, Home Jobs By Mom, Love, Christin,
Teach My designs, manufactures and sells award winning learning kits and sets for babies, toddlers, preschoolers and kindergarteners. From ABC’s and 123’s to reading, printing, spelling and math, our products aim to teach the basic skills. We encourage playing with a purpose which includes screen-free early learning, parent child interaction, self-esteem, fine motor skills and hand eye coordination. Bond. Teach. Play… 20 minutes a day!
This giveaway is in no way endorsed, affiliated, or associated with Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Media Networking Site. You are not eligible if you have won a prize from this sponsor in the last 12 months. This Giveaway is valid in the United States Only and Entrants must be 18+ years of age to enter. This giveaway event will end at 11:59 PM (EST) 10/9/18. The winner will have 48 hours to email their information back to las93063 at gmail dot com or a new winner will be drawn, you may want to put this email address as safe as it could go to spam. The sponsors are each responsible for shipping of the above prizes. No blog associated with this contests are responsible for prize fulfillment. If you would like to be a sponsor in a giveaway like this please email Laura Smith at las930 (at)gmail (dot) com. If you take an entry you must stay following for the entire contest or you will be disqualified.
Full deluxe kits and individual components of kits are available for purchase. Kits contain books, puzzles, blocks and more… depending on age. Babies learn and develop fine mother skills and hand eye coordination. Toddlers learn the alphabet, shapes, colors and numbers. Preschoolers further their learning skills, in reading, math and writing.
Recent Posts Select Month November 2018 (62) October 2018 (54) September 2018 (87) August 2018 (48) July 2018 (69) June 2018 (66) May 2018 (84) April 2018 (90) March 2018 (69) February 2018 (73) January 2018 (102) December 2017 (72) November 2017 (106) October 2017 (100) September 2017 (98) August 2017 (105) July 2017 (94) June 2017 (82) May 2017 (109) April 2017 (90) March 2017 (101) February 2017 (92) January 2017 (99) December 2016 (80) November 2016 (100) October 2016 (80) September 2016 (101) August 2016 (106) July 2016 (102) June 2016 (109) May 2016 (104) April 2016 (105) March 2016 (118) February 2016 (98) January 2016 (96) December 2015 (140) November 2015 (164) October 2015 (147) September 2015 (133) August 2015 (113) July 2015 (119) June 2015 (105) May 2015 (124) April 2015 (130) March 2015 (147) February 2015 (154) January 2015 (132) December 2014 (125) November 2014 (118) October 2014 (98) September 2014 (124) August 2014 (132) July 2014 (144) June 2014 (152) May 2014 (149) April 2014 (139) March 2014 (141) February 2014 (91) January 2014 (118) December 2013 (107) November 2013 (141) October 2013 (118) September 2013 (112) August 2013 (131) July 2013 (127) June 2013 (131) May 2013 (185) April 2013 (186) March 2013 (156) February 2013 (144) January 2013 (147) December 2012 (110) November 2012 (152) October 2012 (168) September 2012 (143) August 2012 (128) July 2012 (160) June 2012 (235) May 2012 (271) April 2012 (371) March 2012 (194) February 2012 (165) January 2012 (128) December 2011 (66) November 2011 (118) October 2011 (141) September 2011 (178) August 2011 (30)
MumbleBeeInc is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Hal Ashby is the master of the slow-burning gem. His films aren't always the most visually remarkable, or the easiest to get into, but the longer you spend in the company of his characters, the more one's enjoyment turns into acknowledgement of greatness. While Harold and Maude is not quite as strong as his later efforts, such as Coming Home and Being There, it contains all the ingredients for a really heartfelt comedy, combining dark humour and joyful optimism to great effect.
One of Ashby's great strengths has always been persuading us to care about characters, and by extension actors, with whom we normally wouldn't dream of associating ourselves. He is, after all, the man who turned Peter Sellers from a self-parodying has-been into the toast of the Academy, getting the performance which in many ways defines Sellers as an actor and comedian. In this case he manages to make us care for two characters who would normally be repulsive or obnoxious: one a mopey teenager with a suicide fixation, the other an overly quirky septuagenarian with a penchant for stealing cars.
The reason we end up caring for these people lies in Ashby's make-up as a director. Although he was considerably older than his New Hollywood counterparts - the likes of Martin Scorsese, Brian De Palma and William Friedkin - he empathised greatly with the ideas and free spirit of the 1960s and 1970s. While Scorsese and Friedkin made their name in gritty dramas, exposing the dark underbelly of American society after a decade of mainstream froth, Ashby is more whimsical and forgiving. He is a deeply humanist director, concentrating on human reason and emotion over any kind of spiritual or religious allegory (at least at this stage).
This might help to explain why it takes a while to get a handle on Harold and Maude. Most black comedies work on the basis of dark, pessimistic humour set against an equally dark, pessimistic worldview. In Kind Hearts and Coronets, it is the cruelty of Dennis Price set against the persistent injustice of the British class system. In Dr. Strangelove, it is the absurdity of Jack D. Ripper's conspiracy theories set against the greater absurdity of Mutually Assured Destruction. Harold and Maude has darkness in the mind of its male protagonist, but its goal is to demonstrate how joyous life can be. While it doesn't resolve everything oh-so-neatly, it doesn't entirely play by the rules either.
Because Ashby treats his characters with such affection and respect, the opening act - if not the opening hour - can feel like two different films trying to mesh together. The civilised, refined and decidedly dull home of Harold's parents sets us up for some kind of comedy of manners, only to be punctuated by Harold self-immolating, covering the bathroom in fake blood or hanging himself during the opening credits. And that's before we even get to Maude, whose kookiness makes Diane Keaton's "La-di-dah!"-ing in Annie Hall look positively ordinary.
The opening sections of Harold and Maude are repetitive and arguably episodic, insofar as you could watch Harold's death scenes in any order without them compromising the dramatic tension. The same could be said for Harold's scenes with his psychiatrist, or his introductions to his computer-selected dates. But even as we get the feeling of going in circles, we decide to stick around, somehow knowing that something special is around the corner. Repetition is, after all, a form of comedy, and the individual set-pieces or big gags involving Harold are in and of themselves quite funny.
The film only truly takes flight once Harold has been invited back to Maude's eccentric home - a converted railway carriage or static caravan filled with all manner of unusual artworks, musical instruments and cultural paraphernalia. What emerges from these scenes is a personality which exists beyond artistic flights of fantasy or eccentric behaviour on the road; this is a window on the soul of a woman who genuinely loves life and lives for it every day. Maude has a great deal more depth and heart than other 'Manic Pixie Dream Girls', such as Zooey Deschanel's character in (500) Days of Summer.
After this scene Harold and Maude blossoms from a slightly awkward but enjoyable collection of stories into a focussed film about two people deeply and blissfully in love with each other. We might still shrink at the age gap, or the implication later in the film that they have slept together, but that's not important. What's important is that their relationship opens Harold's eyes to the possibility that life is not all bad, and more importantly that he does not have to be at the mercy of other forces to live life in this fashion.
Ashby's film is as much a sweet romance as an existential and social commentary on two generations of America. On the one hand we have Maude, whose survival of WWII has given her perspective on the wider and higher purposes of life, and keeps up her energy so she can confidently live how she pleases. On the other hand we have Harold, who has no experience or existential crisis to fall back on: he lives in the shadow of both a meaningless war and his pushy parents who want him to live life their way. Harold's encounter with Maude is on one level an existential crisis, where hope clashes with despair, what he doesn't understand meets what he does and he is drastically changed as a result.
Don't think for a minute, however, that Harold and Maude is a film that forsakes realism or weight for the sake of some uplifting life lessons. Just when we are getting comfortable, embracing the central characters and accepting them for who they are, the film deals us a total curveball as Maude decides to slip away. As Harold screams at her and we cut to inside the ambulance, we remember the couple of clues left for us earlier on and share in Harold's anger and grief. Like Being There, the film gives us the reality of death and the negative emotions that come with it, refusing to entirely sugar-coat the bitterest of life's pills.
As well as an instruction to live life to the full every day, Harold and Maude is a warning not to belittle or underestimate the older generation. We are often told the elderly have greater enthusiasm and lust for life than teenagers do, with physical infirmity not always being an accurate representation of the energy that exists inside. Maude may not be entirely representative of her generation, but she is not meant to be. She is a heightened example of an overall approach, designed to surprise, confound and eventually reshape our expectations.
Even if you don't choose to read into the subtext of Harold and Maude, it's still very enjoyable as a darkly uplifting comedy. The physical comedy is generally very well-executed, with Maude's repeated incidents of grand theft auto playing havoc with the local police. Harold's suicide attempts are funny, even if they are not mounted quite as skilfully as the deaths in later black comedies like Heathers or Monty Python and the Holy Grail. The interplay between Harold and his uncle is enjoyable, especially the running gags about his severed arm. And the final scene is emotionally close to the ending of Quadrophenia, delivering a good balance of anguish, uncertainty and fulfilment, all conveyed through the music of Cat Stevens.
Harold and Maude is not Hal Ashby's finest work. Even by his slow-burning standards it takes a while to take hold, with a lot of the first half lurching around in terms of tone and focus. But once it gets into its stride it is a little triumph, making the very best of its leading man and woman, and cementing Ashby's status as one of the key directors of the 1970s. Most of the ingredients he would refine in Being There are present here in some form, and even after 41 years it hasn't lost the ability to lift your spirits.
"Hal Ashby is the master of the slow-burning gem. His films aren't always the most visually remarkable, or the easiest to get into, but the longer you spend in the company of his characters, the more one's enjoyment turns into acknowledgement of greatness." Completely agree, after having seen The Last Detail.
Haha, doesn't really sound like you recommend it. Seems like a merely satisfactory experience that ends on an uplifting note.
On the contrary Rohit, I thoroughly recommend it - it's just not quite what I was expecting. A case of ineloquence on my part rathe than a failing of the film.
464 narcissists exposed 75 things narcissists dont want you to know 75 things narcissists dont want you to know DOC
470 alexander graham bell setting the tone for communication getting to know the worlds greatest inventors and scientists DOC
513 by richard brealey solutions manual to accompany principles of corporate finance 11th edition 2013 02 19 paperback DOC
526 how to prepare for the police officer examination including transit and housing officer barrons test prep DOC
In August 2012, Caribbean Republic was formed with its only territory being Cuba. Its founders are Governor squirto19 and Leader AlReyesSpark. It has remained neutral from the days of peace and only two territories of Olexia, Fort Dirt (Independently ruled) and Cuba and survived as it expanded its small island into a functioning place to govern from.
In the newer days as Cuba became crowded, the Republic decided it would expand to nearby of the chilly shores of Mount Sierra where it would move to its permanent capital of Frozen Los Angeles. The large city would start with just the simple mansion, skyscraper, and many underground areas to build in and remained the only city in Mount Sierra. As Frozen Los Angeles grew, so did other places, The Rise of Rock and Dirt, flourishing fast, and the Rise of Aperture Science, a large superpower. They would both be dealt with peacefully for a long while.
As the older nation grew eventually a mall was set out to be built after the finished construction of the mayoral and governoral offices were built for Mount Sierra and Frozen Los Angeles. With a RaD Embassy keeping peace. The Republic started to arise as more joined the two founders, but did not flourish as the others did Meanwhile, tensions rose as a new power rose, the New California Republic, that rove fear into Aperture and would eventually spark the first war the land of Olexia will have seen. As it progressed, the Republic would remain neutral through it.
With the fall of Aperture, and later NCR, the nation continued to prevail peacefully, as did their ally RaD who also decided to take a peaceful approach. The Republic would begin to expand its borders beyond that of Frozen Los Angeles and to the Bluedog Frontier, north of the city. The land between the border and the city will soon begin to be built as Mount Sierra grows, and a new territory rises, Lakeland. The Republic continues to grow as more begin to join. More to come
Wikipedia co-founder, Jimmy Wales, has today announced that Wikipedia will be joining a widespread Internet blackout in opposition of SOPA and PIPA on Wednesday, January 18 2012.
Wales attributes Wikipedia's initiative to user consensus, echoing the sentiment expressed by Reddit, the initiator of the blackout.
Over the weekend, Boing Boing announced its participation in the blackout with a statement by Cory Doctorow:
Boing Boing could never co-exist with a SOPA world: we could not ever link to another website unless we were sure that no links to anything that infringes copyright appeared on that site. So in order to link to a URL on LiveJournal or WordPress or Twitter or Blogspot, we'd have to first confirm that no one had ever made an infringing link, anywhere on that site. Making one link would require checking millions (even tens of millions) of pages, just to be sure that we weren't in some way impinging on the ability of five Hollywood studios, four multinational record labels, and six global publishers to maximize their profit.
Wikipedia's endorsement of the anti-SOPA campaign lends mainstream credibility to the initiative. While Reddit and Boing Boing are both unquestionably enormous entities on the Internet, Wikipedia deftly outweighs both of them, thus ensuring widespread attention is brought to the controversial matter.
Incidentally, it is difficult to overlook the contrast between Wikipedia's reasoned SOPA Initiative page and the MPAA Blog and Rupert Murdoch's Twitter rantings. Looking at each end of the argument in such a manner provides a poignant summary of the difference between the two camps; highlighting the irrational, lashing arguments of the pro-SOPA community, and the reasoned community-endorsed opposition presented by the anti-SOPA community.
While the traditional American Thanksgiving revolves around a giant bird, there’s no reason not to just eat whatever makes you happy (within reason, of course). Indian food is a popular option among non-traditionalists, but you can even sit down to the perfect grilled cheese with steamed vegetables. Braise a few root vegetables, and eat an egg. Make a pot of soup, a pumpkin custard, or bake an apple. I think we even had Chinese food one year when I was growing up.
If you want a traditional meal, but aren’t hosting or visiting elsewhere, I’d suggest a roasted cornish hen with baked sweet potato (or turnips? cauliflower?), roasted brussels sprouts or green beans, and either a baked apple or individual pumpkin custard. Gravy is optional, and a good piece of bread or some stuffing can fill in any empty corners.
Whatever your plate holds, pause and eat consciously– whether in joy because you grew enough food to (hopefully) survive the winter, in hope that the following year will be better, with great love for family and friends, or for any other reason. Maybe you are thankful your dog finally stopped eating your shoes, or your closest friend found a needed job, your country is not at war, or your grandchildren actually called. Breath, think, and enjoy!
Busted! Many soups work very well in single portions, the exception being some very long-cooking stews where it is simply impractical (and very energy inefficient!) to cook one bowl’s worth for 4 fours. Try making a quick vegetable soup, lentil or bean soup, chicken soup, or miso soup. The trick to keeping your portion under control is fitting your ingredients into a 2-cup measuring cup or bowl, then adding just enough broth/water/tomato sauce to fill in the cracks. Don’t overflow it, and you’ll have just one bowl. Some ingredients do shrink, like onions and greens, or expand more, like rice and lentils, as they cook than other, but the 2 cup rule tends to work fairly well as long as you have a mixture of ingredients.
Need to cook it quickly? Save your leftover cooked vegetables and grains to add to broth along with an egg or canned beans. Herbs and spices are optional, but delicious. 10 minutes = homemade soup, just for you.
Cheese is a decadent delight. It is, however, rather high in calories and saturated fat so many people prefer to save it for an occasional treat. Here are two tips for the solo cook to avoid wasting cheese:
2) Freeze hard grating cheeses like parmesan or pecorino romano in small containers (I’ve seen 1 to 2 oz condiment cups with lids in kitchen supply stores) or cut into chunks and place in freezer bags. Pull out a small container or chunk the day before and they’ll be ready before you’ve boiled the pasta.
I was a little surprised by the oatmeal! Oddly enough, I think of cold cereal for supper but not cooked cereal. Great empty pantry option, though.
A rice cooker is (surprise!) an excellent tool for cooking rice. It’s also easily used to cook other whole grains, steam vegetables and/or proteins, and assemble a one pot meal. While I find it difficult to cook just one or two servings of rice in a full-sized saucepan, a small rice cooker makes it a relaxing process. Ask yourself a few questions to determine whether you might find it useful.
Can you walk into the kitchen, pull out a few items, and pull together a meal? A number of friends have commented at various points about how easily I cook without recipes. Partly, I can do so because I always stock some basic pantry items. Beyond simply having the carrots and rice in the pantry, you need the confidence to pull it together into a meal. Cooking without a recipe is a valuable skill to develop, as your pantry may not always match your recipes.
More than most daily activities, eating has been traditionally constructed as a Norman Rockwell-style social occasion. Whether it’s Mom, Dad, two kids, and a dog under the table or girlfriends out a trendy new restaurant, the images we see most often are of groups of people gathered around food together. Cooking utensils, cookbooks, and even food packaging are designed for families. Sadly, the exceptions focused on solo eaters tend to be the less healthy options, like frozen dinners. What can make stepping away from the frozen dinner easy?
One simple key is to find your eating style. You may already know it, since single people have the luxury of indulging their preferences as often as they like. Whether you do or not, acknowledging it in your meal planning is vital to your success in making yourself satisfying meals. Typical elements to think about:
Are you a grazer, do you prefer three square meals a day, or do you only have time to down a shake or energy bar for breakfast or lunch?
Once you’ve found your style, think about how to use it for inspiration and take pleasure in it. What can you do to create meals that meet your eating style? Share your ideas below.
Cooking for one is oddly challenging for many of us. Learn new tips, and create delicious easy meals by using the recipes in One Bowl. In addition to great recipes and basic cooking techniques, it also features a brief intro to nutrition with suggestions and worksheets to help the reader eat more fruits and vegetables. A perfect gift for your grandmother, friends, or anyone headed off to college or their first apartment, One Bowl will quickly become essential to any small kitchen.
Available in hardcopy or Kindle on Amazon, and retailers nationwide upon request (ISBN: 146369072X). Signed copies may be ordered from the author using the link at the top of this page. International readers can request it from their usual bookseller.
Support Dr. Hans Keirstead, Who’s Aiming for Dana Rohrabacher’s California House Seat (Update, June 24, 2018)
Support Dr. Hans Keirstead, a stem cell researcher, entrepreneur, and former professor who is aiming to unseat House Republican Dana Rohrabacher.
Canadian-born Keirstead, 50, founded California Stem Cell Inc. and sold it for $100 million in 2014. He is now CEO of Aivita Biomedical. He taught at the University of California, Irvine for 14 years, and has raised well over $100 million in grants and donations in his various scientific jobs. He becomes the fifth Democrat hoping to push out Rohrabacher, who has served as a California house rep for for almost 30 years.
Keirstead supports the ACA, and he specifically supports it over a single-payer system. He says he does not intend to use his own money to campaign for the house seat.
“I’ve dedicated my life to using medical science to save and improve lives — but in Congress, medicine and science have been pushed to the side in favor of partisan political games. Politicians like Dana Rohrabacher have used the broken system for their own gain for far too long. We’re not his priority and we need someone new.
I believe our elected leaders should rely on facts to guide policy. I’m not daunted by large obstacles. I’ve launched and managed companies, developed treatments for previously un-treatable diseases and been held accountable for my actions. We need more of that to change Washington and I intend to use Congress as a platform to improve even more lives.”
House Rep Dana Rohrbacher is viewed as vulnerable for his pro-Russia stance, and because his district is showing signs of turning Democrat blue. In the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton won the district by less than two points, becoming the first Democratic presidential candidate to win Orange County in 80 years. Rohrbacher also supports the AHCA and questions whether human activity is causing climate change. This is galling on its face, but it’s made worse by the fact that he sits on the House Committee on Science and Technology.
Subscribe to One Thing You Can Do by clicking the button on the upper right of the page. And tell your friends about the blog!
Special thanks to 314 Action, where we first learned about Keirstead’s campaign. 314 Action is a nonprofit devoted to electing more people with STEM backgrounds to high office.
Live in Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, or Maine? Ask Your State Legislators to Kill, Rescind, or Defend Against a Call for a Constitutional Convention November 12, 2018
This is a placeholder page for Danae Barnett, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Danae Barnett.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Danae Barnett. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Danae Barnett. We created this page automatically in hopes Danae Barnett would find it. If you are not Danae Barnett, but are an alumni of Margaretta High School, register on this site for free now.
I haven't done a post in ages, for the simple fact I have nothing to blog:(. I'm on a shopping ban at the moment so can't wait to go out and buy some amazing things to share with you.
My mum used to buy me clothes from George when I was little. I don't know how I came across the website but I absolutely amazed. I always think shopping market clothing ranges are more for the older range or last seasons style. George is looking great at the moment targeting all age ranges. I'll defiantly be getting some of my summer clothing from there soon.
Mt. Dhaulagiri at 8167m is the world’s seventh highest peak in the world. Dhaulagiri is a cluster of peaks which prominently include Dhaulagiri I, II, III, IV and V. Owing to its distinctive white mass of snow the peak is also referred to as the ‘white mountain’.
Swiss-Austrian expedition led by Max Eiselin made the first successful ascent of Mt. Dhaulagiri in 1960. Although routes have been opened from almost all the directions, northeast ridge route remains the most popular route for climbing Dhaulagiri. Mt. Dhaulagiri presents an extraordinary experience of climbing, a very demanding and daunting challenge. The views from the top affords a fantastic view Dhaulgairi peaks, Annapurna, Macchapuchre and the Kali Gandaki valley including the deepest gorge in the world.
Day 03: Drive from Kathmandu to Beni which takes almost ten and a half hours. Stay overnight at lodge.
Nagarkot Changunarayan Trek is both a cultural as well as natural excursion. Nagarkot hill station will offer you almost a 360 degree view of the Himalayas, from Dhaulagiri to Kanchenjunga. Wake up early for mesmerizing sunrise view. The visit to Changunarayan temple is filled with historical and cultural experiences. On our way back enjoy the historical and archaeological sites of Sankhu and Bhaktapur.
Day 01: Drive from Kathmandu to Sankhu takes approximately one hour and trek from Sankhu to Nagarkot takes about three and half hours. Stay overnight at hotel in Nagarkot.
Day 02: Trek from Nagarkot to Changunarayan takes approximately three and half hours and drive from Changunarayan to Kathmandu takes about one and half hours.
Day 01: Drive from Kathmandu to Sankhu takes approximately one hour and trek from Sankhu to Nagarkot takes about three and half hours.
Day 02: Trek from Nagarkot to Changunarayan takes approximately three and half hours and drive from Changunarayan to Kathmandu takes about one and half hours.
The most popular walk leads down from Nagarkot along a ridge to the temple of Changunarayan with views of Sankhu village to the right and Bhaktapur to the left. Changunarayan is situated at the end of a long ridge which runs well into the valley. It is said to have been built in 323 AD by King Hari Datta Varma. The temple is richly decorated with sculptures and carvings. It is said to be the oldest temple in the valley. After excursion in and around Changunarayan you board the vehicle to get back to Kathmandu.
Rescue assistance (Should any emergency arise during your trek, we will provide prompt and professional rescue and medical services. For this, it would be better to have your own travel insurance that can cover helicopter evacuation and medical treatment cost in case required.
One farewell dinner in Kathmandu with live cultural performance at authentic Nepali restaurant on the last evening
Note: There are different categories of Hotels in Kathmandu ranging from budget to 5 star hotels. We are happy to arrange your hotel accommodation in Kathmandu as per your interest and budget. Please inform us in advance about the type or category or price range of hotel that you would like to stay in.
Very good and friendly service. Everything worked well and the guides we got from them where quite flexible in terms of what we wanted to do when we started trekking. Good experience
This is the best trip I have in Nepal.My two boys and I enjoy very much.I managed to complete 3 days trek.Its an achievement to me.The paragliding in Pokhara in a life time experience. For me Nagarkot sinrise is the best! We took a lot of photos great memorable trip for sure I will come back again and recommend Nepal Environmental Treks & Expedition to my friends and my online community. Great thanks to Nava, Bhimsen ,Donna and everyone in the team that have help us organize this an amazing trip!!!!
Chumchet and Chhekampar are most remote village development committees in Gorkha district. Despite having tremendous potential for tourism development, Tsum Valley – as the area is called, was yet to reap benefits from its immense tourism prospects. The area was opened for group trekking on December 17, 2007, but because of lack of information and promotion, the valley was yet to reap any benefits from its tourism prospects. Realizing this fact, Trekking agencies association of Nepal (TAAN) in association with Nepal Tourism Board (NTB) and Tsum Welfare Committee (TWC) organized ‘Tsum Valley Exploration’ campaign in May 2008.
‘Tsum’ is derived from Tibetan word ‘Tsombo’, which means vivid. Traditionally Tsum Valley was a culturally distinct geographical area called ‘Tsum Tso Chucksums’, which means thirteen provinces ruled as a single territory. The altitude in Tsum Valley trek varies from 1905 in Lhokpa to over 5093m at Ngula Dhojhyang Pass on the Tibetan border. The valley occupies an area of about 1663 sq. km. The Hidden valley is surrounded by the Buddha Himal and Himal Chuli to the west, Ganesh Himal to the south, and Sringi Himal to the North. The valley includes two remote VDCs Chhekmpar (Upper Tsum) and Chumchet (Lower Tsum). Due to its remoteness, the ancient relices are still seen.
People in Tsum Valley still practice polyandry system and they have unique culture, tradition and their own dialect. They celebrate unique festivals like Lhosar, Dhacyhang, Saka Dawa, Faning and others. Many Tsumbas (resident of Tsum Valley) report they have seen or found the signs of Mehti, commonly referred as ‘Yeti’ or ‘Abominable Snowman’.
The Tsum Valley Trek begins from Arughat in Gorkha district, which is easily accessible from Kathmandu. The exploration team has recommended from Kathmandu. The exploration team has recommended three different itineraries in Tsum Valley.
Day 18: Trek from Khorlabeshi to Soti Khola (730m.) takes 6 hours and drive from Soti Khola to Arughat.
Day 01: Arrive in Kathmandu International Airport. Transfer to the hotel and stay overnight at hotel in Kathmandu.
You drive along well paved road up to Dhading Besi along the bank of Khani Khola, Trishuli River and Thopal Khola. It is a beautiful picturesque journey passing through green hill, flowing stream, farming terraces, villages, small market and most of all mountains at far distance. Leaving Dhading Besi you continue your drive along gravel and bumpy path all the way to Arughat Bazaar. Arughat is an old market situated at the bank of Budhi Gandaki River. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
You trek over a flat leveled path along the bank of Budhi Gandaki River through mostly terraces, numerous villages, green hills, some pretty waterfalls and green forest. To reach Liding, the trail fluctuates uphill and downhill through forest of Sal, Chilaune and other local vegetation. Liding is a village at the bank of the Budhi Gandaki. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
The zigzag path passes through forest, villages, streams, beautiful waterfalls and green valley until you reach Lapu Besi. Now you again traverse the zigzag path to reach Machha Khola and on to Khorlabeshi. There is a small market with a few shops and lodges. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
You cross the Machha Khola [Fish Stream] and head upstream to the tiny village of Khola Bensi and the hot springs at Tatopani. The trail is quite exposed and challenging in places. After a short section of forest path you reach the single teahouse at Doban. At Lauri, you cross the river on a suspension bridge, and then climb on a high path to the fields of Jagat, where you camp. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
The early part of trek moves gently uphill and then follows a flat leveled path. You cross a suspension bridge over Budhi Gandaki before you enter Philim. Philim is a big village mainly inhabited by the Gurungs. Form Philim you make a gradual climb stopping for lunch at Ekle Bhatti. Lokpa is the first village as you enter the Tsum valley. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 09: Trek from Chumling to Chhokng Paro (3030m.) takes about 6 and half hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 11: Trek from Chule (3350m.) / Nile (3360m.) to Mu Gumba (3705m.) takes about 6 hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 12: Trek from Mu Gumba to Rachen Gumba (3240m.) takes about 5 hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 13: Trek from Rachen Gumba to Tumje (Domje 2440m.) takes about 4 hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 14: Trek from Tumje (Domje 2440m.) to Gumba Lungdang (35420m.) takes about 4 hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
Day 15: Trek from Gumba Lungdang thru Rainjam to Chumling takes 6 hours. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
As you follow the descending route you will pass by fairly dense pine forest where many species of birds inhabit the forest. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
You leave the cultivated region around Philim as you descend along the path that follows the banks of the Budhi Gandaki River. At Tatopani you can relax in the warm and rejuvenating waters of the hot spring. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house in Khorlabeshi.
Day 18: Trek from Khorlabeshi to Soti Khola (730m.) takes 6 hours and then drive from Soti Khola to Arughat.
This day you pass through some villages. You can enjoy the pristine beauty of the waterfalls on both sides of the river. Stay overnight in camp/lodge/local house.
This is a picturesque journey. While driving, you head up to Dhading Besi and Malekhu, which is famous for delicious fish. En route, you can enjoy the mountain views, green sceneries, rice terrace fields, vegetable fields and people being engaged in their daily life activities. From Naubishe you climb up to Thankot, the gateway to the capital city of Kathmandu. Stay overnight at hotel in Kathmandu.
Rescue assistance (Should any emergency arise during your trek, we will provide prompt and professional rescue and medical services. For this, you should have travel insurance that can cover helicopter evacuation and medical treatment cost in case required.)
There are different categories of Hotels in Kathmandu ranging from budget to 5 star hotels. I am happy to arrange your hotel accommodation in Kathmandu as per your interest and budget. I will book it as per your suggestion.
Necessary camping equipment such as tents, mattresses, sleeping bags, down jackets, cooking utensils, etc.
Note: There are different categories of Hotels in Kathmandu ranging from budget to 5 star hotels. I am happy to arrange your hotel accommodation in Kathmandu as per your interest and budget. I will book it as per your suggestion.
Thank you very very much for such an organization of the trekking!!! Everything was really perfect.We had the best guide (Ram).
Thank you very much for Nava. We had a lot of questions, but all the time he provided us with useful information. He organized everything in the perfect way.
There are multiple ways to contact Envision when you need help. Depending on your specific support request, please feel free to use any or all of the below options.
Just send and email to help(at)envisiondesign.net and someone will get back to you during regular business hours.
If you have already submitted a support request ticket, you can login and check the status at our client support site.
If you have a "drop everything, server is down, people are panicking" emergency, please do the following.
1. send and email to help@envisiondesign.net with emergency in the subject line and your company name
Envision Design is the only certified member of the Apple Consultants Network that has been helping Houston businesses manage, monitor, and secure technology systems for over 25 years.
We retain clients by providing outstanding customer service rather than locking them into long term contracts. Fluent in both Apple and Microsoft solutions, we ensure your critical data has been backed up and is protected with a disaster recovery plan in our hurricane-prone area.
Whether you need to comply with industry mandated security requirements like HIPAA, you want to implement a backup and disaster recover plan in hurricane prone Houston, or simply want to improve the productivity of your team, Envision will help you get on with the great work YOU want to do.
As your technology consulting partner and trusted advisor, we are here to help. Please call or email us any time.
At Envision Design, we understand that technology for its own sake is not a solution. And although we are technically trained and certified, we know our job is to listen to you, come to understand your business, and then to apply our knowledge, training, and expertise to meet your unique needs. As technology consultants, our goal is to partner with you to help you and your team become more productive and profitable.
We apply technology to solve problems. We maintain our training and certifications with key partners like Apple, Microsoft, Barracuda Networks, Ubiquity Networks, Synology, & JAMF to ensure our clients access to some of the best business solutions available today.
We’re not just “IT people” or “break-and-fix guys”. We’re idea people and business consultants with an expertise in Apple systems and technology integration. We will help ease your anxieties, eliminate your frustrations, and solve your problems. If there’s an issue, we figure it out. If there’s an opportunity, we help you jump on it.
Advertising & Society Quarterly (ASQ), the successor to Advertising & Society Review, is a scholarly journal devoted entirely to advertising and its relationship to society, culture, history, and the economy. Published quarterly online, ASQ features articles, essays, interviews, roundtable discussions, and other scholarship relevant to a broad, interdisciplinary audience interested in advertising.
A longer booklet, Policies, Codes and Procedures contains details of the club’s safety statement, child protection policies, disciplinary procedures, recruitment practices and other matters. A copy of this document will be supplied to all members, and is available on our website.
The Club’s Constitution is amended on an as needs basis and outlines how the club runs on day to day basis. It outlines membership of the club and structure of the Club.
All members, both new and old, should familiarise themselves with the club rules and procedures laid out in the handbook and in the relevant sections of the Policies, Codes and Procedures.
Coffee has not generally been considered a health drink. It has been associated health issues like high blood pressure, heart risk, and general jitteriness. Nowadays, however, coffee is strongly linked to a number of health benefits, including reduced risk for diabetes and certain forms of cancer. And since decaf provides many of the same benefits, caffeine doesn’t seem to be the key.
Now, two new studies have found that increased coffee consumption is strongly connected to reduced risk of certain breast cancers in women and a lower risk for fatal prostate cancer in men.
The first study, led by Jingmei Li, looked at the incidence of breast cancer in almost 6,000 menopausal women, about half of whom suffered from some form of breast cancer. The researchers gave the women detailed questionnaires about their lifestyle and eating habits, including how much coffee they tended to drink. Questions also probed at other personal habits, like how much alcohol the women consumed, their exercise routines, whether or not they took hormone replacement therapy (HRT), and their smoking status.
The researchers found that women who drank at least 5 cups of regular coffee per day had a "strong reduction" in estrogen receptor (ER)-negative breast cancer. A reduction in ER-positive forms of breast cancer, those that are sensitive to the female sex hormones, was not found.
The researchers found that women who drank at least 5 cups of regular coffee per day had a "strong reduction" in estrogen receptor (ER)-negative breast cancer. Breast cancer is classified as being either responsive or unresponsive to the female sex hormones, estrogen and progesterone. In the current study, ER-negative and progesterone receptor (PR)-negative forms were found to be lower in women who consumed the 5 cups per day — 57% and 33%, respectively. A reduction in ER-positive forms of breast cancer, those that are sensitive to the female sex hormones, was not found.
While the authors write that their results "support a protective effect of high intakes of coffee against ER-negative breast cancer," it is important to remember that the study did not show causal relationship between coffee and breast cancer risk, only a correlation between the two.
What compound in coffee is responsible for the reduced risk? The authors of the article write that although only caffeinated coffee was considered here, "caffeine is only one out of the many different compounds contained in coffee," so other candidates should be addressed. For instance, coffee contains many different polyphenols, plant-derived compounds that can act as antioxidants, scavenging for free radicals and repairing the cell damage that free radicals bring about. It also contains phytoestrogens, plant-based chemicals that mimic the effects of estrogen; different phytoestrogens have been found to have different effects on ER-positive vs. ER-negative forms of breast cancer, making phytoestrogens a likely candidate.
Brewing method may have something to do with coffee’s cancer-fighting abilities: another recent study found that boiled coffee had an effect on breast cancer risk, but filtered coffee did not.
On a potentially related note, the authors point out that the brewing method may have something to do with coffee’s cancer-fighting abilities: another recent study found that boiled coffee had an effect on breast cancer risk, but filtered coffee did not. Whether brewing method affects the mixture of the healthy and harmful compounds in coffee will definitely need attention in future studies.
Coffee doesn’t only affect cancer risk in women — it reduces certain prostate cancer in men. In a second study, led by Kathryn Wilson, men who drank at least 6 cups of coffee per day had an 18% reduced risk of developing prostate cancer overall, though this effect was not statistically significant, meaning that it could have been due to chance.
Men who drank at least 6 cups had a significant 60% reduced risk of having a fatal form of prostate cancer. Even men who drank a just few cups of coffee a day – caffeinated or decaffeinated – had a reduced rate of fatal prostate cancer. Coffee consumption did not seem to have an effect on milder forms of prostate cancer.
Coffee has been shown to improve the body’s use of glucose, affect levels of sex hormones, and contain many types of phytochemicals that act as antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds — any or all of which could explain coffee’s effect on prostate cancer.
Were coffee drinkers just healthier men in general? It’s unlikely, since coffee intake was also associated with eating more calories overall (including processed meat) and with smoking. Therefore, the effect seems to be due to the coffee itself, though it’s still unknown what the exact chemicals are that possess the cancer-fighting benefits. Because similar results were found for both caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee, again it seems that caffeine is not the answer. The authors of the study point out that coffee has been shown to improve the body’s use of glucose, affect levels of sex hormones, and contain many types of phytochemicals that act as antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds — any or all of which could explain coffee’s effect on prostate cancer.
Since drinking too much coffee does pose some health risks, upping your coffee intake is probably not a good idea at this time until researchers learn more about how it works in the body, especially regarding cancer risk. After all, neither study showed cause and effect — just a link between two variables.
Dr. Li, the author of the first study reminds us that her study’s results do not mean that the connection between coffee and breast cancer "is a cause-and-effect relationship, only that the two factors are somehow related… Until we find out exactly what in coffee leads to a change in breast cancer risk, I won't go running to my neighbours to encourage them to change their coffee drinking habits." So sticking with your normal coffee-drinking routine is probably safe, if you’ve found a level that works for you. As always, talk to your doctor if you have any concerns about whether what you’re putting in your body is right for you.
The first study was carried out by a team at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, and published in the May 11, 2011 issue of Breast Cancer Research. The second study was conducted by a team at the Harvard School of Public Health, and published in the May 17, 2011 issue of Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
We can help you with our Proven-to-Convert Campaigns, Websites and Strategies. We want to make sure the Traffic that’s coming to your Website is converting and doing what it’s supposed to be doing – providing an Income for you.
We build Long-Term Relationships. We want to work with you for years and watch you and your business grow. You can always get in touch with us when you need to.
We promise that you’ll be blown away by how great our Customer Service is. We are driven by our mission to help every one of our clients get more Online Customers.
We continue to bring in new customers for our clients by implementing successful strategies that tap into the Power of the Web.
We will help your business grow to new heights through qualified online exposure. We put you in front of thousands of potential customers.
Our experience, coupled with our passion, has afforded us the opportunity to maintain long-term relationships with our clients.
Partnering with us will help your business succeed and help you grow towards being THE online industry leader in your field.
We can help you grow your Online Business, and at the same time, keep your fees affordable. Contact us now at 888-563-5343.
Tires, P235/60R17 all-season, blackwall (Tire may be replaced at manufacturer's discretion at no additional charge.)
Assist handles, front passenger and rear outboard (Includes rear coat hooks when (CF5) power sunroof is ordered.)
Air bags, dual-stage frontal and side-impact, driver and rightfront passenger and head curtain side-impact, front and rear outboard seating positions (Always use safety belts and the correct child restraints. Children are safer when properly secured in a rear seat in the appropriate child restraint. See the Owner's Manual for more information.)
SiriusXM Satellite Radio is standard on nearly all 2012 GM models. Enjoy a 3-month trial to the 'XM Select' package, with over 170 channels including commercial-free music, all your favorite sports, exclusive talk and entertainment. And now add premium channels to your trial at no-cost. Welcome to the world of satellite radio. (Requires (UE1) OnStar. Requires a subscription sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. If you decide to continue your service at the end of your subscription, service will automatically renew and bill, at the rates in effect at the time of renewal, until you call SiriusXM at 1-866-635-2349 to cancel. See our Customer Agreement for complete terms at www.siriusxm.com. Available only to those at least 18 and older in the 48 contiguous USA and D.C.)
The news that Ofsted is recommending that children should be able to start formal schooling aged 2 in an attempt to close the attainment gap between children from wealthier and poorer families caused me more than a little bit of a jaw drop.
It is true that there is a significant attainment gap between some children from poorer families and some children from wealthier families, which can lead to a difference of up to 18 months at age 5. Of course there are other factors that play into this, and I think the average gap is more like 9 months. However, it has been demonstrated that it's better for a child's educational success to be born rich than clever, as many intelligent children from poor families are overtaken by less intelligent children from rich families between ages 8 and 11.
This situation is shocking and totally unacceptable. It speaks of an unfair society where wealth determines educational levels and the one route out of poverty, education, effectively is not a route at all, but actually favours the wealthy.
In comes Ofsted and suggests that rather than tackling the causes of this sorry situation (poverty and inequality), the sticking plaster of sending kids to school early in the hope to make up for all the damage our unequal society does through a few hours of early education.
This is wrong for so many reasons. Baroness Morgan claims that many deprived children have “low social skills”, poor standards of reading and an inability to communicate adequately, which apparently translates to being “not ready to learn” when they start school.
1. Children are always ready to learn. Children are wired to learn. The reason they fall behind is that they do not have a wide range of learning environments and experiences which isn't going to be helped by sticking them into a classroom.
2. Children up to the age of 6 learn through play rather than formal education. They need free play, active play, develop motor skills, and play with other children and adults to develop their language and social skills. A classroom setting is not conducive to being the best environment to achieve this. I read somewhere that children need to learn to skip before they can learn to read, which summarises how motor skills come before language and literacy.
3. School readiness in the sense of ability to become literate depends on passive vocabulary. In fact, as a parent who raises her children bilingually, I've researched this a fair bit and I know that there's a critical number of words that children have to be able to use before they are able to learn how to read and write (which in our case made me decide to delay literacy development in the weaker language). There is no point in developing letter/word recognition or writing skills before this critical mass of words has been developed. Now one could say that this is to be done through the school setting, however:
4. Any schooling only accounts for a minor part of a child's life and the best case scenario is that schooling can influence between 10 and 25% of the total attainment difference between children (the rest is due to home learning environment, community environment, innate ability). This means that any effort to narrow the attainment gap between richer and poorer kids through formal education can at best be a sticking plaster but not make a real difference.
So what can make a difference? Well, ideally, and excuse me for being political, we need to reduce income inequalities, as these are the root causes for the attainment gap in a complex interplay of factors. Great wealth disparities in a rich nation leads to people feeling they have no control over their lives, people who don't feel they have control over their lives have low self esteem and are stressed in a existential kind of way, which in turn leads to poor health and having to focus on the day to day survival, making it much harder to plan ahead or even manage to move out of the low income bracket. Stress leads to family conflict, family conflict stresses the child, a stressed child cannot learn. Sending the stressed child to school is at best tokenistic and at worst futile (in fact, the attainment gap between rich and poor kids increases during the years of formal education, schooling does not narrow it!).
I'm a realist though and in the current political climate I don't see a change to a more equal society any time soon (although I'm still hoping/waiting for a little more outrage and anger by the general public about this ridiculous situation that the 5th richest country in the world is happy to be leading the way on income inequalities). In the short to medium term, we need to support parents to be their children's first educator, in an empowering way that is based on true partnership rather than the deficit model that some parenting programmes are happy to portray. Fact is that parents want the best for their child, but circumstances mean they are unable to be the parent they want to be (and that doesn't just apply to "poorer" families!)
But if we're really serious about our children's future, this isn't enough because the vicious cycle of poverty (or rather income inequality, because it's not the absolute income that matters but the relative status and difference between the richest and the poorest) undermines healthy child development in so many ways that even the parent with the best intentions and abilities will struggle to make up for the disastrous effects of poverty on child development.
Labels: achievement gap, attainment gap, Baroness Morgan, education, income inequality, inequalities, literacy, Ofsted, poverty
On the one hand, I've been looking forward to the last breastfeed for about a year, because it's just a bit uncomfortable feeding a growing toddler/pre-schooler. On the other hand it'll be the end of mothering small children, and in a way we're still hanging on there in that respect.
We haven't nursed in public for a long time now, and only very occasionally in the presence of good friends. That's ok, I appreciate that it's not the norm to nurse beyond a year, and the few negative comments I got did hurt so we kept it hidden. But I'm too defiant to keep it hidden good and proper, after all, I'm not a blogger if it wasn't for a certain happiness to share what matters to me.
All in all I breastfed just over 5 years, and considering the rubbish start to it I had, when I literally kept going just for one other feed, and repeat, I am happy and somewhat proud of this achievement. Not in a way that should make anyone feel less than good about themselves, but there's no harm in feeling good about something.
Snowflake sure was attached to her mimi, This recommended weaning approach of "don't offer, don't refuse" would probably mean she'd still be exclusively breastfed. I had secretly hoped for self weaning but it became pretty clear that this child won't self wean. We've been trying seriously to fully wean for about a year (a process that took a month with Cubling). This is what she says about mimi: "It's so yummy, it tastes like chocolate, cheese, yoghurt and strawberries". Tonight, for the last time ever, I fed her to sleep. This magic moment when you watch your baby relax all muscles and surrender to sleep.The calmness, oneness, the being in the moment of it.
She hadn't asked for mimi in 4 days but I needed at least one last feed that was a proper closure, rather than the reluctant, half asleep 4am one that was the previous potentially last feed. Of course I don't know if this was it for good, but we're not far off.
While I'm a bit nostalgic about moving on, it's the right time too. This child of mine is growing up, she is independent and really doesn't need this particular comfort anymore.
The amazement when I realised that breastfeeding could be pain free. The anger when I realised that something could have been done about the pain I'd experienced 3 1/2 years earlier and that it was only now that I found out about tongue tie and lip tie.
Waking up due to fullness and this tiny moany cry right beside me, instead of sleeping through and possibly waking up to her never waking up again.
Feeding her through her illness, keeping her nil by mouth twice pre-op, and the comfort that those hospital feeds brought us both. When it seemed that her health is outwith my control, it gave me something I felt I could do for her.
Feeding her through smaller illnesses, when she regularly refused all other food, she never refused this, which was reassuring.
Walking out of the GP surgery after a tirade of how I should stop breastfeeding instantly (she was 10 months), without a word because I knew there was just no point in arguing.
That first feed to reconnect after nursery pick up when I returned to work. That last feed before leaving her, in the nursery chair (she never took the formula offered, and opted to wait for my milk on my work days)
Being confused by people saying how it's so hard for me to be still breastfeeding when actually, it's not.at.all. Breastfeeding was never a sacrifice I made, and somehow people still saw it as such.
Being amused at my beloved Mr Cartside telling everyone who cared to listen, regardless of how well we knew the person, how she's still breastfeeding, at 1,2 and then 3 years of age, and secretly enjoying how uncomfortable this disclosure made some people (and understanding their discomfort).
Far too many breastfeeding discussions initiated by me in the office (although I really didn't mean to)
Learning so much about the politics of breastfeeding and infant nutrition and how we as a society are being conned for profit.
Developing and expanding an interest in infant nutrition, and realising how critical an area this is for the nation's health.
The delight when Save the Children took up the importance of breastfeeding in the first hour after a baby's birth and took on Danone and Nestle. And developed a proper breastfeeding policy (too late for my babies but it's there for those soon to be born).
The chuckles had when my request for a room suitable for private expressing in the new office was passed on to the project manager responsible for setting up the new office. It was clear she (!) had never considered the idea of expressing milk and that someone would do this at work (surely, working mums don't breastfeed? They do? Really? How bizarre)
And of course the endless cuddles while feeding, the smiles while feeding, the relaxation and time out it gave me, the excuse to sit down and stop and admire my miracle baby.
The pride when my then 3 year old told the nursery that while the baby they were role playing with had a bottle, her own baby drank mimi. Even a 3 year old can challenge the normalisation of bottle feeding.
And here's hoping that my youngest, who won't see me nurse another baby, may remember in some way how nice mimi was and pass it on to the next generation.
546 the woman question and higher education perspectives on gender and knowledge production in america DOC
548 emotive interjections in british english a corpus based study on variation in acquisition function and usage studies in corpus linguistics DOC
556 how to talk dirty make him explode whispering these 173 dirty talk examples that will rock his world have him on his knees begging you for sex improve spice up your sex life dirty talk DOC
563 the cake cookie closet christmas cookies rock the cookie swap are you ready for the cookie swap let me help you with easy to make sugar cookie designs you can create at home DOC
570 minecraft seeds handbook edition 25 incredible seeds you may have never seen before minecraft secrets unofficial DOC
573 field hospital and flying column being the journal of an english nursing sister in belgium and russia DOC
588 educating asian americans achievement schooling and identities research on the education of asian and pacific americans DOC
618 promoting childrens rights in social work and social care a guide to participatory practice children in charge DOC
How to build a tiny house tiny house plans, tiny houses and. Home plans low cost to build house plans by cost to build in house. Small home plan digital art gallery floor plans to build a house. Cheap house plans to build fascinating cheap house plans home most.
Amazing Cashews, cashew apple, cashew story, Cashews fruit not nuts, Cashews fruit or nut, cashews poisonous nuts, Do you know your Cashews?, how do cashews grow?
Cashews are my favorite nut….outside of my family that is! When the “top nut”, my Dad, sent me an article on cashews I about fell over. Did you know they aren’t really a nut? I sure didn’t! They are the kidney shaped nub that grows at the end of the “cashew apple” so they are a member of the fruit family. My love of what will always be a nut to me began a long time ago. Continue reading →
One of the many joys of living in a RV community are the constant opportunities to hang out with friends! Ye[read more]
Summertime means grilling and potato salad! My Mom made a great potato salad and her's is my measuri[read more]
As soon as the warm weather hits, I think of grilling! Anything on the grill, from meat to vegetables, tastes [read more]
Some like it HOT! Spicy that is, and my family sure does! If there's a way to put hot sauce in, on or aro[read more]
Cauliflower ~ the little bundle of crunchy, white florets is becoming quite the super star especially in the g[read more]
Leftovers! An American Irish girl's take on the traditional "Full Irish Breakfast". In Ireland, this is breakf[read more]
Green Goddess Dressing was created in 1923 at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco for an event honoring actor Ge[read more]
Life of the Party Always (LOTPA) is about socializing and making every occasion with friends and family a festive one .
Join Richard, Joan, Angela, and Tracey for a fun-filled and stimulating weekend of dance workshops that will span the last 100+ years…
**If you'd like to dance abroad next summer, the vintage dances taught during the weekend will prepare you for the 2008 Prague Vintage Dance Week, July 19-26, followed by a week of touring and dancing in either Ireland or Italy!
Here's a crazy statistic: The 1908-1909 Broadway season saw 12.8% of plays written by women. Fast forward 104 years to the 2012-13 Broadway season, which saw only 10% of plays by female playwrights. LESS representation over a century - not more.
Many of you know that I'm the Creative Director for Statera Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to gender equity in the theatre. Statera is working to change these dismal statistics. Today we launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise $10,000 for our upcoming conference on gender parity in Denver, Colorado. We're also raising money for our advocacy initiatives and programming.
Gender equity in the arts is possible. You can help by donating to our Kickstarter campaign and sharing on social media!‪ Check out the video below and please consider donating HERE.
I had no idea....I just pledged. I live in Denver, and I think you will be well received here. I love our theater district! Hope you are reaching out to some of the Colorado universities for support. We enjoy going to theater productions at the University of Denver. Prestigious school with some money!
With more than 300 years of shared history, it's hard not to be familiar with the culture that our former colonizers left behind. There is always a bit of Spanish flavor permeating into our everyday lives: From the food that we eat, to our choice of matinee idols, and
This familiarity extends even to our diplomatic relations. Spain considers the Philippines "the Asian country with greatest political relevance." Just last year, President Arroyo was given full honors and courtesies by Spain during her three-day visit to the country.
Alongside the many agreements that the two countries forged was Arroyo's promise to the Spanish government to promote the Spanish language in the country, a declaration which prompted some to ask if this meant a return of Spanish language teaching into the curriculum.
"What the President said in Spain is that the sitting government is committed to promote the Spanish language in the country. That commitment must be now articulated into reality, and that is a very important commitment on the part of the President and the government," he explains.
In the past, it was required in college to take 12 units of Spanish. There was no escaping learning the root words of verbs, the conjugations, or the recital of poems in Spanish.
The matter of whether every Juan dela Cruz will be learning ` como estas?' with their "How do you do's?" is still very much an undecided matter according to Rodriguez, who is only sure that whatever agreements are reached between the two countries, the 17-year old Instituto Cervantes is sure to play a pivotal role.
"It's now government to government, and I do not know what the role of Instituto Cervantes is right now. We can't commit on what our role will be because it will be up to the governments to define what the policy will be, but definitely the Instituto Cervantes must have a role," says Rodriguez. "We are now training 6,500 students studying
Spanish here in Metro Manila, and from time to time we have courses for the improvement of the teaching of Spanish, updating the Spanish teachers from all over the Philippines."
With or without an agreement, Rodriguez stresses that learning the Spanish language is not just a matter of looking back at a shared history, or to fulfill a desire to sound like a snotty mestizo.
"I think it's time to know each other, because we are not informed properly," he says. "Whenever I am in public speaking engagements, I have to inform them that Spanish can be a tool for economic development. Spain is one of the ten largest economies in the world. Forty-five millon people speak the language in the United States of America. Even here in Instituto Cervantes, we have people from the United States looking for billingual people for call centers, or as caregivers, nurses, even lawyers."
Rodriguez also points out that despite the shared history, the Philippines is lagging behind its Asian neighbors when it comes to the importance Spanish is accorded in the school curriculum.
"The Philippines must be at the same level as their neighbors in South East Asia," he stresses. "South Korea has 13 universities which have Ph. D.'s in Spanish. In Taiwan they have 10. Here in the country, it is only the University of the Philippines that offers a doctorate in the language. It is my goal that Filipinos, through information, know the importance of the language, how it can change your life. It can be an employment-generating language."
Instituto Cervantes is certainly not lagging behind when it comes to promotion. Aside from its immensely popular Spanish film festival Pelicula, held every October, Rodriguez says that they are trying to reach as many people as they can through different activities,
workshops, events, and partnerships with institutions sharing the same goal of popularizing Spanish.
"We are forming more and more agreements with institutions that have the same vision and mission of spreading the language, and we are looking for more and more agreements. Right now we are even preparing for an agreement with the University of Nueva Vizcaya," he reveals.
Those partnerships aren't just one-sided affairs either: Rodriguez says that both partners flourish in this relationship.
" We have very committed and involved partnerships with other institutions," he says. "The Instituto will be present for the affairs of that particular college and university and help them not only in upgrading their teachers and systematizing their courses, but even in their cultural affairs and even with providing language scholarships. At the same time, we here at the Instituto get to go out and meet the people, hear their ideas, and in the process make better policies."
More recently, the Instituto Cervantes, together with the Cultural Center of the Philippines, brought to the country renowned Spanish conductor Bernardo Adam Ferrero for a concert whose proceeds will benefit the Philippine Philharmonic Orchestra.
Another partnership that may be more familiar to frequent riders of the city's trains is the Instituto Cervantes' "Berso sa Metro" campaign.
The campaign displays famous verses written in Spanish by Spanish, Latin American and Filipino poets inside the carriages of the LRT and the MRT trains.
"`Berso sa Metro' is an idea that we came up with, and is a campaign that is out there to make people think about their roots," he says. "Our two countries have an intertwined history. No matter how we want to change it, the history is there.''
Rodriguez encourages people to look into the positive side of that shared history, in the language and culture.
`'We put up Spanish poems with Filipino translations and Filipino poems with Spanish translations so people can compare. We are not telling people to study Spanish, we are just letting people think about what our two countries share. If we have information, we have the most important tool; people will know what role Spanish plays in
The advantages that we have over other Asian countries, says Rodriguez, is also something that should not be set aside.
"The Philippines has more advantages when it comes to learning Spanish, and they should not waste the momentum that they have. If you have the language, you have the advantage. It is the language of the times and you have to flow with the times," he says.
Made with <A HREF="https://flippingbook.com/online-digital-magazine" TITLE="Learn about FlippingBook for Online Magazines">FlippingBook</A> - Online magazine maker
Newcomer S Handbook For Moving To And Living In Atlanta Including Fulton Dekalb Cobb Gwinnett And Cherokee Counties can be very useful guide, and newcomer s handbook for moving to and living in atlanta including fulton dekalb cobb gwinnett and cherokee counties play an important role in your products. The problem is that once you have gotten your nifty new product, the newcomer s handbook for moving to and living in atlanta including fulton dekalb cobb gwinnett and cherokee counties gets a brief glance, maybe a once over, but it often tends to get discarded or lost with the original packaging.
Tony Jay (2 February 1933 – 13 August 2006; age 73) was the English actor who played Campio in the fifth season episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation called "Cost of Living". He also provided additional voices for the video games Star Trek: Armada II and Star Trek: Elite Force II. Jay filmed his scenes for "Cost of Living" on Wednesday 5 February 1992, Thursday 6 February 1992, and Monday 10 February 1992 on Paramount Stage 8 and 9.
A former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company, Jay was known primarily as a voiceover actor on many animated television shows, films, and video games. Because of his distinctively deep, baritone voice, he was usually cast in villainous roles. He is best known as the voice of Judge Claude Frollo in Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame and the virus Megabyte in the award-winning CG-I animated series ReBoot.
Tony Jay was born in London, England, and attended Pinner County Grammar School in Pinner, London. He moved to South Africa in 1966, where he worked for the South African Broadcasting Corporation radio service, Springbok Radio. He was involved with Springbok Radio for over two decades, during which time he performed, wrote, produced, and adapted many serials and plays broadcast by the station, including Taxi and The Sounds of Darkness.[1]
Jay returned to the United Kingdom in 1973, where he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company. While performing with the company, he also took roles in film and on television. In 1986, after successful performances of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby in New York and Los Angeles, Jay decided to move to America, choosing to live in the Hollywood Hills area of California.[2] He ultimately became a nautralized citizen of the United States.
On 13 August 2006, Jay died at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles, California, following complications from micro-surgery to remove a non-cancerous tumor from his lungs. He was 73 years old. He is interned at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills.[3] Jay was survived by his wife of over two years, Marta, and his 17-year-old son, Adam.[4]
As an actor, Jay made his film debut while in South Africa, starring in the 1970 film Lied in My Heart. Since then, he has appeared in such films as Woody Allen's Love and Death (1975), Ivan Reitman's Twins (1988, with fellow TNG guest stars Nehemiah Persoff and Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), and the science fiction comedy My Stepmother Is an Alien (1988, with Suzie Plakson and Earl Boen). He is also a distinguished stage actor, having performed in plays based on the works of such writers as William Shakespeare and Charles Dickens. In 1987, he earned a Drama Desk Award nomination for his performance in the New York production of The Life and Times of Nicholas Nickleby.
Throughout the late 1980s and 1990s, Jay had recurring roles on various television series. He recurred as Paracelcus on the TV series Beauty and the Beast, which starred Ron Perlman, Stephen McHattie, and Armin Shimerman. He then played Dougie Milford on Twin Peaks, where he worked with Mädchen Amick, Richard Beymer, Gavan O'Herlihy, Ron Taylor, and Clarence Williams III. Between 1993 and 1995, Jay appeared as Nigel St. John on Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman, which starred Teri Hatcher. He also made one-time guest appearances on such series as Newhart (with Ellen Albertini Dow), Matlock (directed by Robert Scheerer, in an episode with Joel Grey), Night Court (starring John Larroquette), Picket Fences (with Paul Eiding and Ray Walston), and Providence (in an episode with Robert Pine, Heidi Swedberg, and Scott Thompson).
Perhaps his most notable voice work is the evil Judge Frollo in Disney's 1996 version of The Hunchback of Notre Dame. Also supplying voices in this film were Star Trek: Voyager guest actor Jason Alexander and fellow TNG guest actor David Ogden Stiers. Other voiceover roles Jay has done for Disney include Monsieur D'Arque in 1991's Beauty and the Beast (which also featured the voice of David Ogden Stiers) and the ruthless Shere Khan in the Jungle Book-based TaleSpin series, from 1990 through 1994. Jay again voiced Shere Khan the tiger in Disney's 2003 film, The Jungle Book 2 (in which John Rhys-Davies also supplied his voice) and in the TV series House of Mouse. (Fellow Star Trek performer Jason Marsden voiced Shere Khan as a cub in Disney's 1996-97 animated series, Jungle Cubs.)
Outside of his work in Disney productions, Jay supplied the voice of Dr. Lipschitz on Nickelodeon's Rugrats, as well as in two Rugrats films (1998's The Rugrats Movie, with Whoopi Goldberg, Iggy Pop, and Andrea Martin, and 2003's Rugrats Go Wild, with Michael Bell and Ethan Phillips). He also voiced the evil virus Megabyte in the acclaimed CGI animated series ReBoot, Dregg on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and Chairface Chippendale on the cult animated series The Tick. Other shows to which he has lent his voice include Disney's Darkwing Duck, Warner Bros. Animation's Pinky and the Brain, and Nickelodeon's Hey Arnold! Additionally, he performed a number of roles in various video games, including the Elder God from the Legacy of Kain series, the Transcendent One in Planescape: Torment, the gate of the underworld (Gate) in King's Quest VI, and the Lieutenant in the first Fallout game (alongside Ron Perlman, Pamela Segall, Kenneth Mars, David Warner, and Frank Welker).
From 2001 until his death, Jay worked exclusively as a voice-over actor. He continued his collaboration with Disney, which included roles in the films Recess: School's Out (along with Diedrich Bader, Clancy Brown, Ron Glass, Clyde Kusatsu, Andrea Martin, and Paul Willson), Treasure Planet, and the aforementioned Jungle Book 2. His recent video game work includes the voice of Magneto in X-Men Legends (opposite Patrick Stewart as Professor X), and the narrator of the widely-popular World of Warcraft. From 2004 until his death, Jay voiced the character Spiderus on the Nickelodeon children's series Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends. Just prior to his death, Jay had been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award and an Annie Award for his voiceover work on this series.
SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan, industrial transmission and other fields. SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design provided by the steel plant.Explorer series bearing of SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. Explorer series bearings of SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design have more advantages ,such as higher meet rated , lower noise, reducing warranty costs greatly, increasing running time of the machine .
Are you looking for information about SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design Or you want to buy SIGMA 88508 bearing with simple design it.
Find all the bearings bearing housings vbelts oil seals collars you need and more including the 88508 JD7163 835015M1 Special Ag Bearing at theBigBearingStore
Kiehl's iconic Calendula Herbal Extract Toner now has a new friend - the Calendula Deep Cleansing Foaming Face Wash! This is a flanker to the original toner, and as you might imagine, also boasts the presence of Calendula Flower Extract, just like the original. So, as you can imagine, this is a pretty hotly-anticipated product!
I was excited to see how this would perform - after all, the Calendula Herbal Extract Toner is easily one of Kiehl's most well-recognized products, complete with calendula flowers inside the bottle. The Kiehl's Dalendula Deep Cleansing Foaming Face Wash unfortunately doesn't have calendula flowers inside, but it does happen to have quite a few other traits to make it a welcome addition to your bathroom cabinet - starting right with the ingredients list.
The Calendula Deep Cleansing Foaming Face Wash is a simple, mild product, that is also very simply formulated. It first starts off with water (as expected). Then come the surfactants - there's Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate, which foams nicely but is also pretty mild (perhaps the most famous product it is used in is Dove's Body Wash), and then there's Coco-Betaine (also known as Cocamidopropyl Betaine), which is also quite mild (it is found in baby shampoos - that should be some indication). Both Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate and Coco-Betaine can be derived from coconut oil, which probably also would make this product more appealing to anyone seeking out a more "natural" skincare routine. After that, come Glycerin, the humectant we all know and love, and then Sodium Chloride, which is salt (yes, plain ol' table salt), but here is probably used to thicken the texture of the Face Wash. There is also a blend of polymers to help in the texture of the product (Acrylates/Steareth-20 Methacrylate Copolymer, which here functions as a thickener), and then we hit Phenoxyethanol, the main preservative used here. I've mentioned before that Phenoxyethanol is used in cosmetics up to concentrations of 1%, so everything after that would probably be used in concentrations of under 1%.
That would also include the various plant extracts that Kiehl's includes in this product - the various oils and extracts from a range of plants, including nepeta cataria, lemon peel, anthemis nobilis flower, and of course, calendula. This doesn't really bother me too much - as long as the workhorse ingredients (in this case the surfactants) that make up the bulk of the product are not harsh or overly drying, I'm not too concerned about whether there are plant extracts or not. Still, for those who like their products with botanical ingredients, then this will probably please them too. So that pretty much wraps it up for me, ingredients-wise.
Kiehl's Calendula Deep Cleansing Foaming Face Wash: A mild gel that cleans well, but doesn't strip skin dry.
But what about my own experience with the product? Turns out, the product was just as I had expected from my reading of the ingredients. Just as expected, it was a mild cleanser, that foamed nicely and cleaned my face well, but at the same time, did not strip it dry at all. It also had a nice faint floral scent (perhaps that's what calendula smells like? I've no idea) that dissipates quickly. You know how people like to say that their cleansers left them feeling clean, but not dried out? I think this is the epitome of that description - my face felt so clean, and there was no residue, either from the cleanser or residual facial oil from me, but yet at the same time my skin was not tight at all. Suffice to say, I was impressed! The packaging says that it is for normal to oily skin types, but my skin (which is starting to age and get a bit dry as time marches on) really likes it - and I'm usually the type that hates drying cleansers. In fact, I'd say anyone and everyone can use it - its gentle formulation makes it suitable even for skin that may be a bit sensitive. Perhaps only very oily skins might not like it as much, because it may not be sufficiently cleansing. If that's you, and if your skin still feels oily after cleansing with the Calendula Face Wash, then perhaps the Kiehl's Ultra Facial Oil-Free Cleanser, which I recently reviewed, might be better for you instead. But for me, this is definitely my preferred option.
So would I recommend this? Absolutely - this is probably one of my most favourite cleansers reviewed on the blog to date! I love it - I love its simplicity of formulation which makes it gently cleansing and suitable for almost all skin types, including potentially sensitive skin, I love its easy cleansing power, and I love how it still leaves my skin soft and comfortable. And it comes in a seriously huge 200ml bottle for the relatively affordable price of $45, it's fairly well-priced for a comparatively upmarket brand. Unless your skin is so oily that this doesn't provide enough cleansing for you, I'd say that there isn't any harm in trying it out - chances are, you may just like it as much as I do!
The Bottom Line: Kiehl's Calendula Deep Cleansing Foaming Face Wash is a simply-formulated, gentle cleanser that cleanses well without drying out skin.
(Product was sent for review. Review is my complete and honest opinion. I am not affiliated with/compensated by the company.)
I love reading your reviews, they are always so informative! This sounds like a cleanser I'd like, I'll check it out!
Thank you for commenting! I read each and every single comment! If you ask a question in your comment, please check back to this post, as I will reply in a comment to this post as well :) Please note that comments with soliciting links to shops or websites will be removed. Thanks!
Calligraphy is a longstanding tradition in Jewish artlargely because of the Biblical injunction against making "graven images," which has been construed as any kind of representational or figurative artwork, so Jewish artisans got creative in using what they were allowed to use: letters and words.
I began learning calligraphy (in English) at the age of 10. My formal training in the Jewish scribal arts includes a short course of study with Rabbi Yosef Resnick, Sofer STaM, in 2005. I have also done extensive independent study on the glories and mysteries of the Hebrew alphabet.
So why "Computer-Aided Judaica"? I have been a graphic design professional since 1994 — and the longer I work in graphic design on the computer, the more inspired I get to play with its potential. I have perfect control over all the elements on the page, and don't have to worry about executing the letterforms by hand. So for me, there's no going back! The pieces shown here were created in Adobe InDesign (and, earlier, PageMaker 6.5).
I mostly do Judaica because that's what's closest to my heart. However, I am also available for other commissions. If you're interested in a custom piece, please e-mail me to inquire, or fill out my online inquiry form.
All works ©1999-2014 by Erica Schultz Yakovetz. The images featured on this site may be downloaded free of charge for personal (noncommercial) use, as long as proper attribution is made.
その他の情報 Beautifully updated home in a very convenient location close to downtown Ridgewood, the NYC commuter train, multiple bus lines, Ridgewood's excellent schools and easy access to Route 17. This home is move in ready with lovely updates and improvements including the MEIK, the roof, electric, refinished hardwood flooring, updates in the baths, heating system, hot water heater, new carpeting and fresh paint. The Living Room has a pretty wood burning fireplace flanked by windows and gorgeous hardwood flooring. Any cook would enjoy preparing meals in the remodeled eat in kitchen surrounded in pretty oak cabinetry, Blanco Romano Granite countertops, Subway Tiled backsplash and tiled floors. Two generous sized bedrooms and a full bath are on the first floor. The Master Bedroom has a Master Bath & lounge area. There is easily accessed attic space. A Family Room, a Laundry Room and Work Room complete the basement. Paver patio by Jacobsen Landscaping, Hot Tub and shed in yard. 1 car garage.
The data relating to the real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange Program of the NJMLS.  Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than J One Corporation & Realty J One are marked with the Internet Data Exchange logo and information about them includes the name of the listing brokers.  Some properties listed with the participating brokers do not appear on this website at the request of the seller.  Listings of brokers that do not participate in Internet Data Exchange do not appear on this website.
Property information is gathered from third-party resources including the sellers, listing brokers, and public records. J.One Corporation, listing brokers and subscribers disclaim any and all representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Neither listing brokers or J One Corporation shall be responsible for any errors, misinformations, misprints, and availability and shall be held totally harmless. It is your responsibility to independently verify information on the site. Listing information provided courtesy of Coldwell Banker, Ridgewood.
Designing a new kitchen is fun and exciting. You probably have a lot of ideas as to what you want the kitchen to look like when you are finished with it. One of the first things that you want to... Continue Reading
Our preferred brands include commercial, corian, hanstone, hi-macs, meganite, quartz, residential, staron and technistone. Our specialties include baths, contractor's license #545201, corian, free estimate, hi-macs, kitchens, kitchens baths, quartz, residential- commercial remodeling , shower walls, solid surface countertops and staron. We can assist you with baths, contractors, countertops, custom corian countertops, custom countertops, custom kitchen cabinets, engineered stone, kitchens, kitchens - baths - shower walls , kitchens residential- commercial- remodeling , meganite, quartz, quartz countertops, remodel - residential - commercial , remodeling, residential-commercial, residential- commercial remodeling , residential- commercial- remodeling , solid surface and solid surface countertops. We've been in business since 1978. We've served residential and commercial customers. Kitchens surface arts, over 40 years experience, save-deal direct!.
If you have used the services of Surface Arts we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
When She Named Fire is an anthology of contemporary poetry by American women, edited by Andrea Hollander Budy, featuring 96 poets. In this program, Robin Behn, Michelle Boisseau, Jo McDougall and others, join Budy for a reading to celebrate this much-praised anthology.
Vietnam veteran and National Book Award-winning fiction writer Tim O'Brien discusses his experiences and reads from his now classic short story collection,...
A member of the Navajo Nation, Bojan Louis is a poet, fiction writer, essayist and author of the 2018 American Book Award-winning poetry collection Currents, published by BkMk press. Lo...
New Letters is pleased to announce the 2018 winners of the $2,500 Conger Beasley Jr. Prize for Nonfiction, the $1,500 New Letters Prize for Fiction, and the $1,500 Prize for Poetry. See the winners, judges, and finalists here.
Jamaica Kincaid, Jim Shepard, Gloria Vando & Anika Paris, Luis Alberto Urrea, and Alex George, normally $7.99 per episode, this cd collection comes with over $15.00 in savings. Downloads of these programs have been reduced and are available through our archives.
Bacteria that get energy solely from trace gasses discovered / Science, Technology, and Astronomy / New Mars Forums
Announcement: We've recently made changes to our user database and have removed inactive and spam users. If you can not login, please re-register.
Scientists have found bacteria in the frozen wastes of Antarctica that can survive on air alone without the sunlight or geothermal energy that powers all other known ecosystems. The discovery may change our ideas when pondering the forms extra-terrestrial life might take.
A team of scientists led by Belinda Ferrari of UNSW in Sydney, Australia, report the stunning finding in a paper in Nature.
The cold and remote Antarctic has desert regions that are hostile to the few living things that survive on the rest of the continent. Plummeting temperatures, limited water, carbon and nitrogen, months of darkness, searing UV radiation, and persistent cycles of freezing and thawing that can rot the very stones, all make it an unlikely home for diverse ecosystems.
652 the history of costume from the ancient mesopotamians through the twentieth century 2nd edition DOC
666 warren buffett 30 life lessons on how to manage your work take control over your life and become successful warren buffett and the business oflifethe analysis and the wealth of nations book 1 DOC
699 hunting the 1918 flu one scientists search for a killer virus 1st edition by duncan kirsty e published by university of toronto press scholarly publishing DOC
The Division of Science and Know-how, Government of India serves because the nodal agency for all government led initiatives that create and strengthen the science and expertise landscape in our country. Inventions and Easy Machines Shows and Discipline Journey Ideas – Included are the presentations on well-known inventors our students created following our 6 half hands-on unit on Innovations and Easy Machines. Wooden Science and Expertise publishes original scientific research results and review papers covering the whole field of wood materials science, wooden elements and wood primarily based products.
If an obscure African people living their lives tucked away in a half-forgotten nook of Mali, may be ignored about their information and tradition and its connection to the universe, and due given to Einstein, the quantum theorists and fashionable astrophysicist ass having re-cleared a street for modern astronomy, which the Dogon’s have been speaking about for over seven-hundred before, it looks like we are not studying anything new on this previous crushed path by lengthy expounded by the Dogon folks.
He ought to have an enthusiasm and a knowledge to work and share ideas with lecturers, college authorities, parents and interested members in the neighborhood in promoting studying in class so as to place the proper studying material into the right hands and at the right time.
Regular human growth doesn’t occur at lightning velocity; it is a timed and sequenced course of that requires human interaction, behavioral studying, and real experiences, if we are to learn the full spectrum of emotion and mature into wholesome and pleased adults.
The creation of a real ‘Jurassic Park’ and the dystopian vision of huge dinosaurs running round eating individuals willy nilly may or is probably not potential In both case using genetic science and expertise to create novel organisms supplies ample alternatives for humanity to destroy itself.
Strategi binary options untuk trading hanya dalam waktu 5 menit memiliki beberapa karakteristik, di antaranya. The next question you may want to ask after understanding what is binary option and its risk is probably about its legal status. Binary option was introduced to the public in 2008. Back then, only bankers that trade this type of contract. But due to positive response and the rapid development of internet users, binary options are opened to the public. It was then legalized by Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), an independent agency of the US government established in 1974 that regulate futures and options trades.
From last August to late March this year—a period in which the Seminar for Successors took place in 25 sessions in Japan drawing a total of 21,252 participants—overseas sessions of...
The 44th English Class of Shuyoka (the three-month Spiritual Development Course) began in the Home of the Parent on April 1 as part of the 924th session of Shuyoka....
On March 28, this year’s Students’ Spring Pilgrimage to Jiba, cosponsored by the Students Association and the Students Advisory Committee, was held in the Home of the Parent under the...
This preparation is for saving all humankind quickly. I shall make the minds of both the high and the low be spirited.
If the minds of the world are spirited day after day, the growth of all crops will be spirited, too. (III:142-143)
ทางโบสถ์ศูนย์กลางศาสนาเทนรีเคียว จัดให้มี “งานเด็กกลับสู่ จิบะ ประจำปี 2018” ขึ้น ตั้งแต่ตอนบ่าย วันที่ 26 กรกฎาคม หลังปฏิบัติจึโตะเมะเย็นเสร็จ ได้จัดขบวนพาเหรดโอะยะซะโตะ ซึ่งขบวนพาเหรดของปีนี้นับเป็นครั้งที่ 40 บริเวณ โอะยะซะโตะ บ้านพ่อเมืองแม่ เต็มไปด้วยรอยยิ้มของเด็กจำนวนมาก
Marion County Master Gardeners™ are trained certified volunteers who promote the joy and science of home gardening in our community. We answer questions, teach workshops, provide speakers, maintain a demonstration garden, and connect home gardeners to the information they need. The Master Gardener program is sponsored by OSU Extension.
The Mariposa Cultural Foundation is a non-profit 501 C3, and was incorporated in the Commonwealth of Virginia in 2002.
The founder of the Mariposa Cultural Foundation is Cecilia Domeyko, with a 30-year career in the fields of journalism, writing, and filmmaking in the U.S. and in her native country, Chile. She is currently the Mariposa Cultural Foundation President.
Ms. Domeyko is the head of a five-member Board of Directors appointed for a two-year renewable term. Board members oversee the work of the Foundation and come from the fields of law, education, the media, the arts and the environment. The Board meets twice yearly, and more often when the Foundation’s activities make this necessary.
The Mariposa Cultural Foundation has the mission of educating the public about the importance of human rights, and the rights of women, children, indigenous people and the environment. The Foundation carries out its mission through the media, film, television, books, events, the Internet, cultural and artistic events, tours and other forms of communication, with the intent of promoting the values it supports.
The Mariposa Cultural Foundation has affiliates in Mexico City and Santiago, Chile. For more information or to contact the affiliates, please view the Contact section.
In the decade since its creation, the Foundation has been the conduit for projects that uphold and promote its mission and values. The projects under its wing have educated the public about human rights, freedom and democracy; and the importance of education, art and culture.
The Foundation is constantly seeking to expand its range of activities in order to further its mission, and recently has embarked on a program directed at schoolchildren, which enables them to visit historical cities and landmarks as a way of furthering their knowledge and appreciation of freedom and democracy.
We are open to new ideas and accept proposals which adhere to our mission and values. We can be contacted at the above address and phone number.
There are many activities to be experienced along the Washington coast. The landscape offers a different ecological landscape than what many of us see in Seattle and east. What excited me after a long warm summer spent hiking high in the mountains was receiving the tentative dates for Razor Clam digs!
Razor Clams are a meaty shellfish that can be found along the pacific coast from California up to Alaska. Harvesting Razor Clams and preparing them is an intrinsic characteristic of Washing coast culture. What makes this activity a great candidate for your fall explorations is that you only need 3 things; a clam shovel, a bucket to place them in, and your fishing license.
One thing to be noted is during the fall digging season low tides happen during the night meaning you must dig for your treasure under darkness. While the rising popularity and resurgence of Razor Clam populations has brought many newcomers to the sport, you might find the majority of people harvesting during spring when low tide appears during daylight. Feel like braving the night? Possibly braving the weather? It's likely you'll be rewarded with many opportunities and a less crowded beach! Check the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife for updates.
This is the third volume in the much acclaimed pictorial series on the Mysteries of the Rosary and traces the Glorious Mysteries from the Resurrection of Christ to the Coronation of His Blessed Mother in 94 outstanding reproductions of sacred art together with the Scriptural texts which inspired them. As in the presentations in the first two volumes, the prophecies of the Old Testament are matched to their fulfillment in the New Testament. These are the mysteries that inspire the virtue of hope in the personal resurrection of each individual soul and the ultimate triumph of good over evil. Much needed meditations for our times. Published with Bishop's approbation. 104 pp. PB
"I am happy to give my endorsement to the publication of your book ... I wish you lots of luck in getting this beautiful work into the hands of a great many people. With God's blessings it will indeed happen."
"This book would be excellent for any Christian family to have visible about the home. I intend to take it up, slowly meditating on the Scriptures it contains, while contemplating each picture as an aid to meeting Christ."
"Saying my Rosary and looking at the pictures really helps me, and I am certain this will assist others. You are doing a great work for God - a wonderful apostolate!"
Save $6.00 Get the entire set of 3 books including Touch of Grace (Joyful) and Portrait of the Passion (Sorrowful) Mysteries for only $21.95
Because this month there are so many ways for you to not only get out and see Cary and our community on your bike, but you will also notice that lots of folks are already doing so – and we all want to be safe out there.
I’m kinda a bike nerd. I didn’t start that way. I took easy rides with the family and enjoyed just getting out there with the kids.
Then, I had this friend, Wayne, who first got me on a road bike. (Let’s all blame him. OK?) I started taking my hybrid on the road, but I found it so very heavy to do longer rides. I moved up to a road bike, so much lighter and easier to maneuver. But I was scared – mostly about all the spandex that folks wear, but also about the vulnerability of being on the road, next to vehicles that could easily bump or hit me. I know that I’m no threat to a car – but I also know how easily it is to be distracted as a driver, and miss seeing a cyclist. It’s something I think about all the time when I’m on the road.
I started my first rides with the goal of eventually riding a Century (100 miles – yes, in a day) at the Multiple Sclerosis BikeMS ride.
I began with short rides – 5, 10 miles, then another at 20. I was motivated by the safety of some of the fundraising rides, with a pack of cyclists, roads that are closed and flanked by police officers – and also the lure of ice cream at the end of the best rides. My first long ride was a metric century with my friend Donna – who coaxed and cajoled me when I didn’t have the energy to keep going. She’s also the one who got me over the finish line of my first 100 mile ride —- singing horrible songs to keep me going the last 10 miles. Yes, I was trying to bike away from that. You would too if you heard her.
Eventually I brought in my mom and daughter into the biking family. We even did the BikeMS ride together – not a lot of 3 generations out there in Spandex. Trust me on that one. (And yes, I’m still scared of Spandex.) And yes, my daughter DID beat me over the finish line at 75 miles that day.
And now, I’m a fan of my Elf. I wrote about it before, here, but it gives me a commuter and errand vehicle, that’s safer, more visible, and easy to use for those types of trips.
(Yes, I take it to Town Hall, and to the grocery store and for coffee.) All of my bikes have a purpose and use, and I’m a fan of each one of them.
– I found ways to combine my passion for finding an end to MS, with my love of cycling through MS Rides.
– I’ve found new ways to connect with my family through cycling – it’s an activity for all ages (ask my 70+ year old mom, she’s out there riding all the time!)
Biking does more than help you stay fit, connect with the community, and help the environment, it can help reduce traffic, stress and slow you down. A recent CNNTech article says that bikes will eventually rule the roads.
Interest in cycling is growing. Raleigh has a new BikeShare program. Wake County is looking at the possibility of a Cycling center at RDU. And I’ve talked about finding ways to make cycling safer – such as separate biking lanes for the future.
The Town of Cary continues to prioritize bicycling as a major mode of transportation and has finalized the implementation of transportation bond bicycle improvements. These improvements include the installation of 14 miles of bicycle pavement markings, the installation of 4 bike lockers at the downtown Cary Depot, installation of bicycle and pedestrian counting devices, development of a Bike/Hike mobile application and the construction of the New Hope Road and Reedy Creek Road Trailheads.
– Ride of Silence – May 17th – a silent bike ride to honor those who have been injured or killed while bicycling on public roads to raise awareness.
Let’s face it – we’ve had it tough in Cary over the last year when it comes to cycling accidents in the news. My heart is heavy with the impact that these events have had on two of my co-workers and their families – one from the Town and one at Cisco. Nothing can mend the pain we feel when something so tragic happens, we need to look at what we can all do to be safe, moving forward.
Just remember, that a bicycle is a vehicle, and NC traffic laws treat cyclists as drivers of a vehicle. Because of that, a bicyclist is allowed to travel on all public roadways except fully controlled access highways (freeways) such as interstates. And follow the rules of the road – obey all traffic signs, signals and lane markings.
NC law requires that any person under the age of 16 riding a bicyle as an operator OR passenger, must wear a Helmet.
Vehicles must provide at least 4 feet of space while passing a bicyclist or completely enter the left lane like they would for any other vehicle.
I’d like to see Town Council add a Bicycle and Pedestrian Commission in place, similar to Raleigh and Durham. I suggested it over a year ago, and will bring it up again as we continue to review our boards and commissions. I believe that we could leverage the amazing intellectual capital and experience of the cycling community and the walking fans, to give us THEIR TAKE on what we need to be doing.
With 80 miles of greenways – and access to the American Tobacco Trail in our back yard, there’s no reason not to jump on a bike and explore. Be safe, and I hope to see you out there!
Yep,let’s all ride. And Lori, thanks for you help and encouragement. For me, it’s a way to enjoy the area In which I live and get in some great exercise. Stay safe, use a mirror and don’t forget your helmet!
apps ATT bike biking boards budget cary Cary Performing Arts Center citizens council cyber development downtown environment fracking fun health iphone isab jewish landuse open data parks personal planning public art publicworks qualityoflife recreation residential retail retreat seniors service smartphone solar sustainability technology toc Town Council transit Transportation volunteer water women's history month
Resume For Loan Processor Mortgage Loan Processor Resume Loan Processor Resumes Loan Processor Resume Mortgage Loan Processor Resume Sample Loan Resume For Home Loan Processor
resume for loan processor mortgage loan processor resume loan processor resumes loan processor resume mortgage loan processor resume sample loan resume for home loan processor.
resume loan processor sample for example consumer bank,loan processor resume luxury mortgage closer examples pour template for consumer home,resume template for mortgage loan processor sample home consumer,resume loan processor template for mortgage objective duties example ideas of,loan processor resume samples officer sample template for mortgage objective home,resume for bank loan processor home example sample create,resume template for mortgage loan processor consumer duties,resume loan processor for bank sample create my cover home,loan processor resumes p road 6 beach resume examples template for home consumer,claims processor resume salesperson inventory for home loan template mortgage objective.
My parents got Oliver a snow suit and boots as part of his Christmas present. He LOVES to play in the snow and he will pound on the front door if he knows it is snowing until he can go out. We have to spell the word 'outside' and 'Austin'. He loves Austin and if he hears his name he stands at the bottom of the stairs and yells "AUST!" just like he has seen my mom do hundreds of times!!
As soon as he saw his stroller, all he wanted to do was go on a walk. Oliver and Beanie can convince my mom to take them on a walk regardless of the elements...case in point!
My mom was trying to shovel the snow in the driveway while we were playing with Oliver. It was coming down so hard! It was wet snow. Perfect for a snowman. We made snowballs and showed Oliver how to throw them. He was so excited! He is loving balls right now.
He loved this windmill during the summer time and he loved it just as much when my mom found it buried in the snow!
Everytime he would fall, he could not get up. He needed help. He was so padded! After falling down one time, he figured things out so each time he would fall he would say "Uh-Oh" really loud. Sometimes my mom and I would be laughing too hard to get him up and he would scream and get MAD!
Oliver dressed up like a Shepherd. It lasted about 30 seconds! Then he kept chasing a ball around the room and pointing to everyone's eyes (he just learned this and is so excited) during the rest of the nativity.
I gave Austin the camera. He always takes pictures of me pulling a mean face...or maybe I just pull them more that I realize!!
Here is the apron my mom made to take to the family party for the gift exchange. She made it and I watched closely. I got a sewing machine for Christmas and made an apron...not as good as this one, but it is still cute. My dad went out 2 days before Christmas, after work, to get my sewing machine. He hates shopping in crowds and he had to go to two stores to find the one they wanted to get me. It was so nice of him and made me love the gift even more.
I knew the tickets went on sale Friday, December 12th. I called the box office and they told me they were allowing people to start lining up at midnight the night before. I called Melisa to see if she wanted to wait in line with me. Of course, to crazy to know better we did it! She had to meet her husband at the airport and drop off her kids so it was 9:00 or so on the 11th. We were going to head to the Gateway to get dinner and kill time. We decided to drive by the theatre beforehand, and three people were already lined up!! I went and got in line, Melisa parked the car. What an adventure!
This is the 'biggest Wicked Fan in Utah' according to herself. She was dancing and singing "Popular" for the TV cameras in this picture. Right after this shot she fell down flat and landed on some guys sleeping in sleeping bags on the ground. They woke up and were so confused about the lady in the pink sweatshirt laying on top of them!!
Here we are!! Where are our gloves? I know I had some. Melisa did not, she lost hers. I am soo glad I had my Ugg boots on. My feet are the only things that stayed warm the whole night. I got tickets and sold all my other 5 Sunday show tickets I had from the presale to people at the end of the line!
Santa came to Preschool so my mom brought Oliver to sit on his lap during the break. He didn't cry at all he was a very good boy! He loved ringing Santa's bell!
We had Polar Express week in preschool. Everyone could come in PJ's...even the teacher. I took full advantage of that!
Here is Sophie with Santa. She was scared, but after Santa gave her a present of sparkley jewelry, she decided she liked him and kept going up to him to tell him "Thank You"!
One day, I decided that all the kids were going to dress up like a Christmas tree! My grandma Tippetts let Austin decorate himself when he was about 3. She plugged in the lights and everything. She inspired this idea which turned out to be lots of fun!! We plugged in the lights too...this was everyone's favorite part!!
This is the food I made for Thaksgiving: Green Bean Casserole, Pumpkin Pie, Peanut Butter Pie, and Cheesecake
My sister and I wore twin shirts! We did not do it on purpose! We bought them together over a year ago. I have a lot of clothes so I think it is funny we chose to wear the shirt on the same day. I love her pregnant belly in it!!
My grandpa Eli came with us to Thanksgiving. He wanted to give one of his famous dramatic readings, so he did! He was trying to give a second and third one but my mom told we had other things to get to. She was right...dessert!
Here is grandpa Eli sitting at the beautiful table! My favoirte part of Thanksgiving is the china, flatware and goblets!
My mom, Oliver and I took Grandpa Eli to the Golden Corral for Veterans Day. It was really fun, it is my grandpa's favorite place to get steak.
This is the wreath Melisa made! I absolutely love it! I stopped by the house to watch the project in progress. Melisa and Erin both made one and they are absolutely gorgeous. Melisa has the BEST taste of anyone I know. She is super talented and I am going to make her help me make one next year!!
Finalist on the first series of BBC's The Great British Bake Off. Author of Biscuit & Bake me a cake as fast as you can. Read more…
Scala Playhouse said: “The Kroma by CalExotics is the ultimate choice in compact travel-friendly vibes. This sleek bullet-style vibe is designed for easy use. It rumbles to life with just a simple touch of a button and you’re guaranteed to find the on/off button even on the darkest nights. Enjoy frustration free, simple controls and mind-blowingly good vibrations. This sleek vibe has a very contemporary, non-intimidating silhouette that will charm your consumers with its design aesthetic. The Kroma comes packed in a trendy, eye-catching box and will captivate the attention of your consumers in any in-store display.”
Erotic Trade Only is the UK’s leading source of information on the adult industry, with news features and regular mailshots, why not subscribe?
By submitting your email address you are agreeing to receive regular industry news, views and updates from ETO.
ETO is a completely independent publication which has no links to or connections with any other adult business. Published monthly, it is freely available to qualifying companies, individuals, retail outlets and online stores in the UK and, via subscription, to interested organisations.
Plasmodium falciparum-Infected Erythrocytes Induce Granzyme B by NK Cells through Expression of Host-Hsp70
In the early immune response to Plasmodium falciparum-infected erythrocytes iRBC, Natural Killer NK cells are activated, which suggests an important role in innate anti-parasitic immunity. However, it is not well understood whether NK cells directly recognize iRBC or whether stimulation of NK cells depends mainly on activating signals from accessory cells through cell-to-cell contact or soluble factors. In the present study, we investigated the influence of membrane-bound host Heat shock protein Hsp 70 in triggering cytotoxicity of NK cells from malaria-naïve donors or the cell line NK92 against iRBC. Hsp70 and HLA-E membrane expression on iRBC and potential activatory NK cell receptors NKG2C, CD94 were assessed by flow cytometry and immunoblot. Upon contact with iRBC, Granzyme B GzmB production and release was initiated by unstimulated and Hsp70-peptide TKD pre-stimulated NK cells, as determined by Western blot, RT-PCR and ELISPOT analysis. Eryptosis of iRBC was determined by Annexin V-staining. Our results suggest that presence of Hsp70 and absence of HLA-E on the membrane of iRBC prompt the infected host cells to become targets for NK cell-mediated cytotoxicity, as evidenced by impaired parasite development. Contact of iRBC with NK cells induced release of GzmB. We propose that following GzmB uptake, iRBC undergo eryptosis via a perforin-independent, GzmB-mediated mechanism. Since NK activity toward iRBC could be specifically enhanced by TKD peptide and abrogated to baseline levels by blocking Hsp70 exposure, we propose TKD as an innovative immunostimulatory agent to be tested as an adjunct to anti-parasitic treatments in vivo.
807 make good habits stick to maximise your time how to live a more productive and organised life with time management DOC
824 preparation papers v 2 secondary school entrance practice papers for children aged 11 a plus DOC
853 practical analysis of advanced electronic circuits through experimentation electronic circuit analysis series DOC
863 the small business marketing bible low and zero cost strategies proven to boost your sales crush the competition DOC
877 normal approximation by steins method probability and its applications by chen louis hy goldstein larry shao qi man 2010 hardcover DOC
901 the organic baby food cookbook keep your precious child healthy free of chemicals and gmos with 100 delicious DOC
902 freyfogle and karkkainens property law power governance and the common good american casebook series DOC
928 the cats got my tongue a book about shyness and performance anxiety building resilience volume 1 DOC
Kamm Star Contractors heating, cooling, air quality, service, installation, residential and commercial
I wanted to take a moment and thank you and your crew as to the professional job they are doing. Not only are they working diligently to finish, but they are very accommodating to our office personnel. They are being as quiet as possible to help us talk on the phones and not disrupt our business any more than necessary. I really appreciate their effort.
Very nice & polite. Did a wonderful job. Cleaned around a/c outside, something we forgot to do for a couple years.
In an ever changing world, Kamm Star remains the same - always honest, always dependable. We appreciate the reliable service. Thanks for such a great company.
Kamm Star Contractors, Inc. came right out the very day we were having furnace problems. It was really really cold, and we were having problems getting the house up to temp. They came out right away to check out what was wrong and fixed it. Frank Staron is the contact name. They installed our furnace and air conditioner initially. I got what I paid for. In fact, they came while we were at work, they replaced 2 parts, and got the house up to temperature. They were in contact with my husband through text message, kept him posted on what was going on, and called back to check and made sure everything was still okay.
You installed a Rheem 2 stage furnace and air conditioner, Aprilaire air cleaner, humidifier and attic fan. We always had a summertime problem with the upstairs being 4-5 degrees warmer than downstairs. I asked two other contractors with no reasonable solutions. You suggested a simple inexpensive solution. I was skeptical, but agreed to do the installation. What a difference! Now the upstairs is the same temperature as downstairs. Thank you Frank for the suggestion!
I just wanted to drop you a note and say thank you for all you have done for me over the years. There are two things you have done that you probably don't even remember-but I do. The first was in the middle of winter and my very sick younger brother was coming home from the hospital to a condo in Fairlawn with no heat. Kamm Star went above and beyond the call of duty and fixed his furnace through the night on a Sunday evening. Jay was able to come home to a warm house Monday. The next time was when I was released from the hospital on a Sunday and had no A/C. I said it would wait until Monday, but you sent Brian out to fix it because you did not want me to be uncomfortable with just getting out of the hospital. These things did not go unnoticed. They were and are appreciated Thank you for all your help and kindness.
Thank you for the knowledable, friendly and courteous installation of our heating system. So far the heat has been great. The house seems more evenly heated. We can hardly tell the unit is running Thanks again. We will be sure to recommend Kamm Star to anyone who asks!
My husband and I are writing in regard to the work that was recently done at our residence. We wanted to let you know that you and your crew did an outstanding job from beginning to end. Your commitment to excellence in your work is to be commended. Not only did you perform a thorough research of the problem, but you gave us numerous, well thought out, recommendations for solving the issue.The timeliness and thorough clean up is to be commended. Please feel free to use our home as a refernce for your work. You are to be commended in your attitude and concern for doing outstanding work.
100 x Risers, Downshifters, Drops, Crashes, Build Ups, Reverses and more… Tempo-synced at 124bpm and served in industry-standard 24-bit Wav format, Royalty Free Samples. Please Note that, the audio demo contains drum sounds which are taken from our Tech House Drum Loops release. This pack contains 100 x House FX. 100 brings new & exciting sample libraries to the producers.
In early April, Tenrikyo schools in the Home of the Parent held their respective entrance ceremonies. This year a total of 2,130 students started their new school life full of hope in the Home of the Parent. Tenri University welcomed 830 new students on April 1; Shiraume Dormitory (a dormitory…
From last August to late March this year—a period in which the Seminar for Successors took place in 25 sessions in Japan drawing a total of 21,252 participants—overseas sessions of this seminar were attended by 1,272 participants in 25 countries and regions. Three venues in Africa are scheduled to host…
Oyasama often said: “This path cannot be followed by human thinking. It is the path that is being formed by the law of nature.” Anecdotes of Oyasama, no. 17, “The Law of Nature” A long time ago, in Warring States China there was an expert cook called Pao…
The 44th English Class of Shuyoka (the three-month Spiritual Development Course) began in the Home of the Parent on April 1 as part of the 924th session of Shuyoka. This year, there are 19 participants from nine countries: four from the United States (three from the mainland and one…
This tickle flavour is just amazing because they are yummy and they cause a delicate tickle on your tounge.So enjoy this twisty flavour by ordering online. Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In 3-4 Hours* Free Shipping No Extra Charges till 10 Pm You Can Select Date/Time and Mention Message On Cake After Filling Address
Indulge the luxurious cake of butterscotch that will give you a trip of luxury with each bite. This yummy cake decorated beautifully just make your event memorable. Free Shipping No Extra Charges Instant Delivery in 3-4 hours Secure Online Payment /Cash On Delivery/Midnight Delivery Select Date and Time and Name On Cake @ Quick Order Page
Black Forest Cake is perfect for all and it compliments your celebration.This beautifully design Cake,enriched with whipped cream in chocolate layer sponge make it more delicious. Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In 3-4 Hours* You Can Select Date/Time and Mention Message On Cake After Filling Address
Give the love treat of this delicious Butterscotch Cake,which is all time favourite of all and trust us it will surely make your special treat even more special. Special services offered by Onlinecake.in : 100% Quality Assurance Midnight Delivery customer Support @9911022637 Same Day Delivery Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In...
This is a combination of Choco and Vanilla with a very beautiful design. This is a beauty with taste and this cake is a perfect combination like dessert. There is beautiful topping of colorful gems and amazing design of topping on the edge. This is a best cake for combination lover of Chocolate and Vanilla. Free Shipping No Extra Charges* Instant...
Enjoy the sweetness of a cake as light as feather and with all the goodness and lusciousness of pineapple with this heart shape pineapple cake from onlinecake.in. Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In 3-4 Hours* Free Shipping No Extra Charges till 10 Pm You Can Select Date/Time and Mention Message On Cake After Filling Address
The delicious taste of black forest bring refreshment to your taste buds .Creamy taste in chocolaty sponge will surely waves its magic.This heart shape will work like cherry on the cake. Special services offered by Onlinecake.in : 100% Quality Assurance Midnight Delivery customer Support @9911022637 Same Day Delivery Read Our...
Want Delivery Today? Order Before 8 PM Or Any Query Call 9911022637 Yummy White forest Cake to state your love for her. Celebrate your love for each other with this yummy treat, best to send it to her on her birthday. Special services offered by Onlinecake.in : 100% Quality Assurance Midnight Delivery customer Support @9911022637...
A moist Almond Cake with pineapple flavour. Enjoy this scrumptious cake with your loved ones. Special services offered by Onlinecake.in : 100% Quality Assurance Midnight Delivery customer Support @9911022637 Same Day Delivery Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In 3-4 Hours* Free Shipping No Extra Charges till 10 Pm You Can Select...
This black forest cake with vanilla and cherry topping taste really yummy and the grated chocolate will do the rest. So enjoy this delicious heart shape black forest cake. Read Our Reviews Instant Delivery In 3-4 Hours* You Can Select Date/Time and Mention Message On Cake After Filling Address
This is a half cake of fruit and half cake of rich cream butterscotch. It is a beautiful designer fresh cake with fresh sponge. Design beautifully on side with crispy fresh butterscotch to make it tastier. It is a perfect combination of butterscotch and fresh fruits. Instant Delivery In 4-6 Hours Select Date/Time and Message On Cake @ Check Out Page
Here we have the wonderful combination of kitkat and gems Chocolate cake, this will surely loved by everyone. Give this colourful treat to your love and make them smile. Instant Delivery in 3-4 hours Secure Online Payment /Cash On Delivery/Midnight Delivery Select Date and Time and Name On Cake @ Quick Order Page
This doremon cartoon is one of the most favourite cartoon not only in kids but also in young kids, order this doremon cake on your kids birthday and make them smile. Free Shipping No Extra Charges* Instant Delivery in 5-6 hours Select Date/Time and Message On Cake @Quick Order Page
Surprise someone special with a special way. Designer Vanilla Rose cake decorated with roses and hearts on it. The cake is available in Chocolate, Pineapple, Vanilla, and Butter Scotch. Make this valentine special and sweet with a piece of cake for the one you love. Special services offered by Onlinecake.in : 100% Quality Assurance...
Luiz cavalli Online Quadros - Impressão Fine Art e Molduras Fototela, Painéis Múltiplos, Molduras, Impressão (11) - Blog Online Quadros
SCENE 1 Big Bird welcomes the viewers and says they’ll be going on a hike. Aunt May explains what the hike will be like and makes sure that Big Bird and the kids have everything they need to pack for the overnight trip on the mountain. Radar has the relish and Big Bird's knapsack.
SCENE 2 Aunt May, Mickey, Big Bird and the kids follow the arrows to the top of the mountain. Along the way, they study nature.
cont'd With Mickey's help, Cabin 3 plays a joke on Cabin 10. The big rock isn't really Echo Rock, and everyone from Cabin 3 is hiding behind it.
SCENE 3 Luis reads a letter from Big Bird. Telly is upset that Big Bird isn't his friend anymore, because Big Bird has made friends with Rusty. Luis reminds him that Big Bird can still have his old friends, just like Telly does after making friends with Aristotle.
SCENE 5 By the campfire, Big Bird and the kids sing the official Camp Echo Rock song, "The Echo Rock."
SCENE 6 Big Bird and Rusty go to sleep in the tent. They think that tomorrow they'll have to walk a hundred miles back to the camp, but they're really right next to the cabin.
All the Street (and Camp) scenes from Episode 1709 are carried over here, and the selection of cartoons/films/inserts is different.
Guest Commentary by Rosalie Hudnut Wright, Occasional Contributor, The Murninghan Post The Takeaway: To inaugurate MurnPost’s “Voices of Baby Boomers” section, Rosalie Hudnut Wright writes about the “disconnect” in our Presidential primary campaign between women’s well-being and social and economic sustainability. … Continue reading →
Our Murphy's Football is ideal for training and match purposes. The football is designed for youth and ladies football whom are looking to practice their skills of Gaelic Games.
All Footballs are designed to be durable for long lasting playing time, without taking away from the quality of the ball itself. We have designed the ball to the perfect size, weight, diameter and roundness to give you the perfect feel and touch.
Collect more travel milestones than most people do in a lifetime on this grand voyage of discovery. Explore five continents, some of the world’s greatest cities, charming smaller ports and idyllic islands.
Collect more travel milestones than most people do in a lifetime on this voyage of discovery. Visit five continents, some of the world’s greatest cities, charming smaller ports and
Collect more travel milestones than most people do in a lifetime on this voyage of discovery. Visit five continents, some of the world’s greatest cities, charming smaller ports and idyllic islands. Take in the grandeur of beautiful coastlines and explore new cultures. Sample diverse cuisine and enjoy meaningful encounters with real people, insight into their daily lives, glimpses of the working world and Privileged Access to once-in-a-lifetime experiences.
Expand your horizons on this comfortable, award-winning ship, intimate and thoughtfully created by experienced nautical architects and designers to enrich your interaction with your destination in every way.
For the second year in a row, Viking has been rated the #1 Ocean Cruise Line by Travel + Leisure readers in the World's Best Awards.
Viking provides a thoughtful, authentic and well-designed small ship experience that brings you closer to the world's cultures.
Viking is: personalized service, serene spaces and enriching experiences on board and ashore. For the experienced traveler.
Newport Gulls player Zach Hogueisson, an Arizona State sophomore, readies for a pitch at a recent home game at Cardines Field. More...
The Newport Planning Board’s subcommittee, the Short-Term Rental Investigatory Group, held its first workshop on June 28, with the mission of exploring the challenges Newport faces with the growth of short-term rentals (or STRs), and to recommend pol More...
In summer, the words “Newport” and “festival” are practically synonymous. NIMFest is 12 years old, the Newport Music Festival just started its 50th season and the storied Newport Folk and Jazz festivals are both in their sixth decade. More...
In addition to our famous mansions, Newport is home to a legendary urban forest. Gilded Age tree hunters, landscape architects and estate gardeners cultivated a dizzying array of specimen trees that are still here today. More...
The Newport Music Festival has 42 performances scheduled into a variety of settings and venues for its 50th year celebration this summer from July 4 through July 22. More...
Newport is notable for many things, including its sporting traditions, its architecture and its storied history. More...
Enjoy a taste of Greek culture at this annual festival put on by St. Spyridon’s Greek Orthodox Church, 390 Thames St. Dates are Friday, July 20, 4 p.m.-1 a.m., Saturday, July 21, noon-2 a.m., and Sunday, July 22, noon-6 p.m. 401- 846-0555. More...
St. Matthew’s Church, 87 Narragansett Ave., Jamestown, will have its summer fair on Saturday, July 21, from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Food, raffle, silent auction, gently-used household items 401-423-1762. More...
Channing Church, 135 Pelham St., will hold a vegan potluck on Saturday, July 21, at 6 p.m. All are welcome. 401-846-0643. More...
After being alerted by residents who are concerned with public access and rights of way at Easton’s Beach in front of the Newport Beach House wedding and event venue, the Middletown Town Council is looking for a resolution. The property, More...
The Alliance Française of Newport is celebrating Bastille Day and its 65th anniversary by rebuilding the pyramid base of the Rochambeau statue in King Park on Wellington Avenue. More...
The Portsmouth Arts Guild is sponsoring a Juried All-Photography Show Aug. 3 to Sept. 9. All may enter. Cash prizes will be awarded. There is no set theme. More...
In what has become a story garnering national interest, Rhode Island State Police continue an ongoing investigation that has seen six men arrested with ties to the same video store on various charges of illegally procuring and sharing customers' priv More...
Philosophers from the International Berkeley Society will give an informal talk about their work, their relationship to Bishop George Berkeley and his relevance today at a reception at the Whitehall Museum House on Thursday, July 19, from 4:30 to 6 p More...
In a letter to the Newport Canvassing Authority, Peter Harty, candidate for Ward 3, wrote, “It is with regret that I will be withdrawing from the 2018 City Council race. More...
There may be a red-carpet lineup in Hollywood for the Oscars, but Newport has its own star-studded lineup this. They come from all walks of life, from diverse disciplines, and from all over the world. More...
The Newport Planning Board voted 6-0 on July 9 to further change a previous request to amend the city’s existing development plan review process. More...
Thursday July 12 Jamestown Coloring Club An adult activity, use the library’s supplies or bring your own, all are welcome, Jamestown Philomenian Library, 26 North Road, 1-3 p.m., 401-423-7280, jamestownphilomenianlibrary.org. More...
Dragonflies have long fascinated humans. They are exceptionally charismatic and colorful. Few groups of animals are as iconic as the iridescent-winged insects, commonly found in art, jewelry, tattoos, and general bric-a-brac. More...
Jean L. Allan, of Newport, passed away July 8, 2018 at Heatherwood Rehabilitation & Health Care Center. A memorial service will be held Friday, July 13, at 2 p.m., at Emmanuel Church, followed by a reception in the parish house. More...
But we want to make it easy at least so far as your bridal hair accessories are concerned. The first guideline we offer brides is to look at bridal hair …
As well as should your bridal gown is elaborately-designed and after that probably a fairly easy curly hair costume will surely supplement your lifestyle.
All lyrics are property and copyright of their owners. All lyrics provided for educational purposes and personal use only. © Copyright 2008 Lyricsicon.com
October 9, 2018 Lyrics Junction 13 Views 0 Comments Ban Phool, best bollywood song lyrics, best lyrics, bollywood, hindi movie song lyrics
Udit Narayan INFORMATION Udit Narayan Jha, is a Nepalese playback singer. His soulful and emotive voice and ability to
Because your nostrils split their workload. Throughout the day, they each take breaks in a process of alternating congestion and decongestion called the nasal cycle. At a given moment, if you're breathing through your nose, the lion’s share of the air is going in and out of one nostril, with a much smaller amount passing through the other. Every few hours, your autonomic nervous system, which takes care of your heart rate, digestion and other things you don’t consciously control, switches things up and your other nostril does all the heavy lifting for a little while. The opening and closing of the two passages is done by swelling and deflating erectile tissue - the same stuff that’s at work when your reproductive organs are aroused - up in your nose.
The nasal cycle is going on all the time, but when you’re sick and really congested, the extra mucous often makes the nostril that’s on break feel much more backed up.
One, it makes our sense of smell more complete. Different scent molecules degrade at different rates, and our scent receptors pick up on them accordingly. Some smells are easier to detect and process in a fast-moving airstream like the decongested nostril, while others are better detected in the slower airstream of the congested nostril. Nasal cycling also seems to keep the nose maintained for its function as an air filter and humidifier. The alternating congestion gives the mucous and cilia (the tiny hairs up in your nose) in each nostril a well-deserved break from the onslaught of air and prevents the insides of your nostrils from drying out, cracking and bleeding.
When you cry, most of your tears spill over your lower eyelid and run down your face. Some of them, though, don’t quite make it over the hill and instead go back down into the tear ducts and into the nasal cavity, which is connected to the ducts. If you’re really bawling, you’ll have quite a few tears running down into the nose, and their salinity also helps loosen up mucous and get it flowing, giving you a runny nose.
The source of a pounding headache isn't always straightforward. Sometimes over-the-counter painkillers have no effect, and in other cases all you need is a glass of water to ease the pain. When it comes to a specific type of a headache, Prevention recommends a treatment that takes about 10 seconds—no fancy medications or equipment required.
If you're experiencing pain throughout your head and neck, you may have a tension headache. This type of headache can happen when you tense the muscles in your jaw—something many people do when stressed. This tightening triggers a chain reaction where the surrounding muscles in the head and neck become tense, which results in a painful, stiff feeling.
Fortunately, there's a way to treat tension headaches that's even easier than popping an Advil. David Reavy, a physical therapist known for his work with NFL and NBA athletes, recently suggested a solution to Prevention writer Christine Mattheis called the masseter release. To practice it yourself, look for the masseter muscle—the thick tissue that connects your jawbone to your cheekbone on either side of your face—with your fingers. Once you've found them, press the spots gently, open your mouth as wide as you can, close it, and repeat until you feel the muscle relax. Doing this a few times a day helps combat whatever tension is caused by clenching your jaw.
If that doesn't work, it's possible that the masseter muscle isn't the source of your headache after all. In that case, read up on the differences among popular pain killers to determine which one is the best match for your pain.
“I just can’t drink like I used to” is a common refrain among people pushing 30 and beyond. This is roughly the age when it starts getting harder to bounce back from a night of partying, and unfortunately, it keeps getting harder from there on out.
Even if you were the keg flip king or queen in college, consuming the same amount of beer at 29 that you consumed at 21 will likely have you guzzling Gatorade in bed the next day. It’s true that hangovers tend to worsen with age, and it’s not just because you have a lower alcohol tolerance from going out less. Age affects your body in various ways, and the way you process alcohol is one of them.
Because your body interprets alcohol as poison, your liver steps in to convert it into different chemicals that are easier to break down and eliminate from your body. As you get older, though, your liver produces less of the enzymes and antioxidants that help metabolize alcohol, according to a study from South Korea. One of these enzymes—called alcohol dehydrogenase (ADH)— has been called the “primary defense” against alcohol. It kicks off the multi-step process of alcohol metabolization by turning the beer or booze—or whatever you imbibed—into a chemical compound called acetaldehyde. Ironically, this substance is even more toxic than your tipple of choice, and a build-up of acetaldehyde can cause nausea, palpitations, and face flushing. It usually isn’t left in this state for long, though.
Another enzyme called aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) helps convert the bad toxin into a new substance called acetate, which is a little like vinegar. Lastly, it’s converted into carbon dioxide or water and expelled from your body. You’ve probably heard the one-drink-per-hour recommendation, which is roughly how long it takes for your liver to complete this whole process.
So what does this mean for occasional drinkers whose mid-20s have come and gone? To summarize: As your liver enzymes diminish with age, your body becomes less efficient at metabolizing alcohol. The alcohol lingers longer in your body, leading to prolonged hangover symptoms like headaches and nausea.
This phenomenon can also partly be explained by the fact that our bodies tend to lose muscle and water over time. People with more body fat don’t break down alcohol as well, and less water in your body means that the booze stays concentrated in your system longer, The Cut reports. This is one of the reasons why women, who tend to have a higher body fat percentage than men, often suffer worse hangovers than their male counterparts. (Additionally, women have fewer ADH enzymes.)
More depressingly, as you get older, your immune system deteriorates through a process called immunosenescence. This means that recovering from anything—hangovers included—is more challenging with age. "When we get older, our whole recovery process for everything we do is harder, longer, and slower," gastroenterologist Mark Welton told Men’s Health.
This may seem like a buzzkill, but we're not telling you to put down the pint. However, if you're going to drink, just be aware of your body’s limitations. Shots of cotton candy-flavored vodka were a bad idea in college, and they’re an especially bad idea now. Trust us.
Have you got a Big Question you'd like us to answer? If so, let us know by emailing us at bigquestions@mentalfloss.com.
It is certain that a man is indefeasibly the owner of what he has been able to produce by his own labour out of his own material, employing his own resources. In much the same way his reputation, which is the outcome of his meritorious activity, is his property. To despoil him of this without adequate cause is to be guilty of formal injustice more or less grievous according to the harm done. It is a personal injury, a violation of commutative justice burdening the perpetrator with the obligation of restitution. Indeed St. Thomas, in attempting to measure the comparative malice of the sin of detraction, decides that whilst it is less than homicide or adultery it is greater than theft. This, because amongst all our external possessions a good name holds the primacy. Nor does it do to say that by wrongdoing, of whatever sort, a man forfeits such esteem as he may have hitherto won from his fellows. This statement is not true, not, at any rate, without qualification. If a man's sin is such as to affront the social organization itself, or is committed publicly, then his fair fame is destroyed and can no longer be reckoned among his assets. In this instance discussion of the evil deed implies no defamation. No damage can be wrought to what does not exist. We assume, of course, that reputation is the opinion held by many about a person's life and behaviour. If, however, a man has been guilty of some secret offence having nothing specially to do with society the case is far different. Then, barring the supposition in which it is necessary for the public welfare, our own, or another's defence, or even the culprit's good, we are not allowed to make known what is to his discredit. This teaching, as d'Annibale says, is quite certain; the reason for it is not so easy to assign. Perhaps it may be this: Character is a public thing. Such a one therefore is in peaceful possession of the esteem of the community. Granted that this is founded upon error or ignorance as to the actual conditions, still the isolated knowledge of one or other as to the real state of affairs confers no right to take from him the general favourable appreciation which he, as a matter of fact, enjoys. One who has injured another's reputation is bound to rehabilitate his victim as far as possible. If the statement was calumnious it must be retracted. If it was true, then some expedient or other must ordinarily be found to undo the harm. If as a result of the backbiting or slander there has followed, for example, the loss of money or position, this must be made good. It is probable that for the besmirching of reputation, as such, one is not obliged to make pecuniary compensation. This is so unless a judge of competent jurisdiction has so mulcted the traducer. In that case, the tale-bearer or slanderer is bound in conscience to obey the judicial direction.
A term used for sins whose absolution is not within the power of every confessor, but is reserved to himself by the superior of the confessor, or only specially granted to some other confessor by that superior. To reserve a case is then to refuse jurisdiction for the absolution of a certain sin. Christ gave power to the rulers of His Church to make such reservations: "Whose sins you shall retain they are retained" (John 20:23). The reservation of sins presupposes jurisdiction, and therefore the pope alone can make reservation for the whole Church; bishops can do the same for their diocese only, and certain regular prelates for their religious subjects. That a sin be reserved it must be mortal, external, and consummated. If a sin be reserved in one diocese, and a penitent, without the intention of evading the law, confess to a priest in another diocese where the sin is not reserved, the latter may absolve the reserved sin. Cases are reserved either
If a penitent be in danger of death, any priest can absolve him, both from reserved censures and reserved sins. In case of reserved censures, if he recover, he must later present himself to the one having special power for reserved censures, unless the case was simply reserved to the pope. As to reserved sins, he need not, as a general rule, present himself again after convalescence. In a case of urgent necessity, when it is not possible to have recourse to the proper superior, an ordinary priest may absolve a penitent, directly from unreserved sins and indirectly from episcopal reserved cases, but the penitent must afterwards apply to the person having power to absolve from the reservation. If there were also papal reservations, either simple or special, the absolution is direct, but in case of special reservations to the pope a relation must be made to the Holy See that its mandates on the subject may be obtained. Ignorance of a censure prevents its being incurred, but moralists dispute whether ignorance of a reservation, with or without censure, excuses from its incurrence. If it be a case with censure reserved to the pope, all agree that ignorance does excuse from it; if reserved to a bishop, it is controverted. Some moralists hold that ignorance excuses from all reservations, whether with or without censure. It is certain, however, that a bishop has authority to declare that ignorance of a reservation does not prevent its incurrence in his diocese.
Transcription. This article was transcribed for New Advent by WGKofron. With thanks to St. Mary's Church, Akron, Ohio.
Here are some Wood Floor Panels at Wood Ideas Design new images can provide to you. If you want to save the image, just select the picture you want, and then save it to your device. Not a large selection images of Wood Floor Panels new you can select according to your preference.
Wood Floor Panels new is just one of the many collection of images or pictures that are on this website. you will get a lot of information here. Not only do we provide information about unique, you'll get a lot more references to design the home of your dreams. So visit Wood Ideas for updates on home design, kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room, bedroom and furniture and much more.
Label : hardwood floor panels wood floor panels wood floor panels canada wood floor panels on wall wood floor panels outdoor wood floor panels over carpet wood floor panels separating
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not meadowwoodgarden.com's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
In the first mission you recover a missing moshling egg which is stolen from Buster Bumblechops. This mission is seperate to the others, unlike the last few missions in Series 1 which follow on from each other.
In this mission you have to travel under water to get to the Glump Machine which you stop and get a moshling called Wurley.
Apocalyptica trademark and other trademarks are property of their respective owners. I-III-V Seed of Chaos lyrics and translation provided for educational purposes and personal use only.
Powerwolf trademark and other trademarks are property of their respective owners. Nighttime Rebel lyrics and translation provided for educational purposes and personal use only.
IRDAI invites applications from eligible Indian citizens for filling up the post of Assistant Manager through open competition on all India basis for its various offices.
Not below 21 years and not above 30 years as on 5.9.2017, i.e., candidates should have been born not earlier than 6.9.1987 and not later than 5.9.1996 (both days inclusive).
Important Note: Marks secured in the Phase – I On-line Preliminary Examination will not count for interview or final selection.
Candidates for Actuarial, Accounts, Legal specializations and General vacancies will be shortlisted for Phase – III Interview based on the aggregate marks obtained in Papers I, II and III of Phase – II Descriptive Examination only.
The minimum cut-off marks for being shortlisted for Phase – III Interview will be decided separately for each specialization and General vacancies by IRDAI. Final selection will be based on the merit performance of the candidates under respective specialization in Phase – II Descriptive Examination and Phase – III Interview taken together.
Used of Him Bikes is an outreach ministry of Lighthouse Baptist church in Edmond, OK. Our desire is to reach out to our community by giving away bikes free of charge to those who could use them. We want this ministry to be Used of God to demonstrate that we care about the people of our community. All of the bikes that are given away have been used previously by someone else. Much like our lives have been used before God took us and did something special in our lives. We want you to know that this bike has been given some special attention and is now in good condition for use. We hope you will enjoy this gift and trust that you understand that we want this bike outreach to be Used of Him.
If you know of someone in need of a bike or if your bike is in need of repair please contact Lighthouse Baptist church @ 760-5159 or visit our website at lighthousebaptistchurchedmond.com.
Curly bulk ombre hair 8 inches color is 100% unprocessed virgin, no chemical processed, Cambodian remy hair. No harm to human. The hair that can be colored as customer required is 100% virgin human hair from Cambodian girls. All cuticles run in same directions and without bad smell, soft feel, very clean, no any lice or nits.
We provide most type of hair colors that buyers have interested in such as #1b, #1, #2, #4, red, brown, blonde, etc. Besides, Buyers can set their own standard and requirements for hair and then our skilled workers will produce the product exactly as your expectation.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of Philip Robinson can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
It's hard to know what to say when your loved ones experience loss. Our weekly newsletter provides insights, quotes and messages on how to provide help during the first year.
966 land cover changes and their relationship with land surface temperature using remote sensing technique DOC
969 study guide for macroeconomics 4th fourth edition by williamson stephen d published by prentice hall 2010 paperback DOC
989 the case for christ student edition a journalists personal investigation of the evidence for jesus DOC
1000 learning to teach in the secondary school a companion to school experience learning to teach subjects in the secondary school series DOC
1005 the 7 spells of the new conference people 2 0 new technologies and social media for successful conferences DOC
1042 weaning made easy all you need to know about traditional feeding and baby led weaning get the best of both DOC
1070 operator theory operator algebras and applications operator theory advances and applications DOC
1079 bringing lent home with st therese of lisieux prayers reflections and activities for families DOC
1097 60 hikes within 60 miles minneapolis and st paul including the twin cities greater metro area and beyond DOC
1100 the fissured workplace why work became so bad for so many and what can be done to improve it DOC
1107 mindfulness and yoga skills for children and adolescents 115 activities for trauma self regulation special needs DOC
1140 diagnostic medical sonography obstetrics and gynecology diagnostic medical sonography series DOC
Blogging has several advantages especially for businesses but If you or anyone else is going to be blogging for you need to know some of the fundamentals to get it right.
We will go through some of the things you should be aiming for when you get started blogging, to answer the question of why should I blog for my business?
Always have an “About Page” so you can give information about your business that should also include telling a story of how your business started and its journey to reach this point.
While we are on the subject you should always have a privacy policy, disclaimer and contact us page as well
Blogging can be a challenge but you will find that you will improve with practice and the more you do it, the better and easier it becomes.
Your aim to why should I blog for my business is to promote your business while publishing good information aimed at your target audience to attract them to your site.
The more you give, the more they get to know you and when it comes time to offer your product or service to them, they have lost a lot of the resistance not to buy.
Remember your blog is like a business card on the internet and you need it to portray a professional statement and image.
Having a blog and writing about important topics that are relevant to your audience establishes yourself as an authority in the space. It enhances your professional image.
By blogging you have the chance of generating new customers and clients to your business because it allows your visitor to see if you are the type of company they are searching for.
If your visitor contacts you then have more chance of selling your marketing and products than if you were to make a cold call to them.
By constantly giving information you are building up engagement especially if you can get them to start leaving comments or asking questions that you can reply to.
If you have testimonials make sure they are in a dominate place on your site for your visitors to see as this can be a great deciding factor for them.
With the above information I think we have given you some of the answers to “Why should I Blog for my business?”
Check out some of the other articles we have on our site that we are sure you will be interested in.
Disclosing cutting edge marketing strategies, techniques, tips, and information for small business owners, marketers, entrepreneurs, bloggers, and authors! View all posts by marketing and products
Author marketing and productsPosted on 10/01/2016 Categories Marketing and Products, Product MarketingTags blogging for business, Selling your products or services, Why should I Blog for my business
If the answer is yes - we can help you advertise on Google - call 0844 448 0444 for a no obligation chat with one of our Google advertising consultants.
Advertising on Google is about making your company / brand visible within the Internet's most used search engine, to attract new visitors to your site(s). Google advertising helps business owners meet their online marketing goals such as generating leads, sales or simply building awareness and delivering the right message to their online audience.
For businesses, advertising on Google can be very cost effective and highly measurable, when done properly by experienced & knowledgeable specialists.
Google sponsored ads are those small text adverts that appear at the top of the search results, often in a pinky / yellow back ground. Google ads also appear down the right hand side of the search results too. There are a maximum of three at the top left and 7 down the right hand side, so there will never be more than 10 ads per search results page.
These ads are generated to appear when specific keyword search terms are entered into the search box. Advertisers select terms that are relevant to their business, create well worded ad copy, and select other settings such as when they want them to appear (times of day, days of week etc), where geographically and to whom.
With this form of Google advertising, you pay only when people click your advert, and land on your website. Hence the term "pay-per-click advertising" or PPC . This can be very cost effective when campaigns are created properly and the right search terms are targeted.
A powerful form of google advertising, in particular for businesses who provide more localised services, such as plumbers, hair salons etc, or for accommodation providers such as B&B's, hotels etc.
These local ads appear when a search is made using a place name or location / post code. You will notice these listings appear below the top Sponsored Ads and above the natural search results. There will be a picture of a map showing the location of the business, and on the left the listings with highlighted icons next to them. Searches can either click to visit the advertisers website or click the "places page" link for more information about the advertiser, such as opening times, directions or to find out more by reading their profile. More often than not, people tend to click straight through to the advertisers website.
Again, like all forms of Google advertising, these listings are keyword targeted, but unlike Sponsored Ads, advertisers are limited to only 5 categories to describe themselves.
There is no "per-click" charge for these listings, we simply charge a one off "set-up fee" to create the listing, and then on-going monthly fees to maintain the adverts position and make tweaks where needed to keep the listing fresh and appealing.
Contact us now to find out more about this low-cost, yet powerful way to advertise on Google. Call 0844 448 0444 and speak with one of our highly skilled consultants.
These are the main search results you get, no matter what is searched for, the organic search results are websites ranked in order of relevancy based on Google's search criteria. Again, sites appear depending on the keywords searched for, and the order they are listed depends on many factors. these include:
Meta information within the source code of a website. This includes a title, description and a set of descriptive keywords
The method of raising a website into higher natural search positions is known as search engine optimisation or SEO, and is without a doubt one of the best ways of advertising on Google, when done right!
The cost of this form of Google advertising is dependant on many factors and is usually charged on a monthly basis at a set rate arrange between the advertiser and optimisation consultant. Contact us to find out more.
"With 30 luxury restaurants in London, Paris, Copenhagen, New York, Tokyo it is essential that we use the best Adwords and PPC agency to advertise on Google. Marketise have done a great job delivering quality traffic and ROI. D&D London would recommend them to any business looking to achieve success on Google."
Our consultants are here to demonstrate that Internet marketing is a marketing discipline no different from any other. No mysteries, no risky tactics and no excuse for a lack of clarity: just sound business advice, firmly focussed on customer acquisition and sustainable long-term improvement. Contact us today to find out more.
Our internet marketing consultants are second to none, from consultation, competitor analysis, keyword research and campaign set-up, to optimisation, on-going management and reporting. We can help your business achieve it's online marketing goals, want to get started? Contact us to find out more.
The yuletide-loathing Grinch can`t stand seeing the neighbouring village of Whoville celebrating Christmas. He devises a plan to ruin the merry season for them.
Beginning in the 18th century, the First Industrial Revolution was characterized by the mechanization of production through steam and the birth of the proletariat. The second Industrial Revolution then began in the late 19th century with the mass production automation. Technology also progressed and gave rise to the third Industrial Revolution in the 1950s which […]
I didn't set out to write a book. I set out to clean my office. That was last year's New Year's resolution. It all started because of the IRS, who want to know how much inventory a writer has at the end of the year. Once I started rummaging around my bookshelves, I got the idea to clean every book in my office, and in doing so I wrote Dog Eared: A Year's Romp Through the Self-Publishing World.
Dog Eared explores several themes in my writing life, like: Why my high school girlfriend dumped me after she gave me a copy of Herman Hesse's Narcissus and Goldmund? Why I have all the writer's destiny marks except one? Why I played trivia with bikers in a Daytona Beach bar (while munching on a burger topped with hemp seeds)? And why Exercise Rule #39 doesn't alway work for me?
By the time I had read ten pages, I knew I wanted to finish the book. By the time I had read fifty pages, I knew I couldn't put it down. William B. Bein, Award-winning Business Writer, Consultant, and Chicago-based Entrepreneur
In this charming, unorthodox, and personable memoir, W. Nikola-Lisa uses the seemingly mundane task of cleaning out his office as a clever frame for reflections upon everything from his love of Robin Hood to the self-publishing process, taking readers on an enjoyable journey that every book lover will relate to—and every author, indie or otherwise, will learn a thing or two from. Brooke Warner, Author of Green-Light Your Book
A quirky, informatvie, and highly absorbing journey into the world of self-publishing, told by a master storyteller. If A. J. Fikry were to self-publish a book about self-publishing, this would be it. Holly Brady, Publishing Strategist and Former Director of Stanford Publishing Course
Is Patrick pursuing a career in bodybuilding like his old man? I don't think so because he's far from that bodybuilder body which Arnold, his father, had. Anyway, it's good to see how Patrick Schwarzenegger is kind of interested when it comes to his workout and diet; He's got something to show off with and the ladies seem to like his chiseled physique with almost ripped abs and outlined chest. You can see that from the next video with Patrick Schwarzenegger shirtless at the beach. He also see...
Plucked musical string instrument, with the strings stretched vertically within a wood and brass soundbox of triangular shape. The orchestral harp is the largest instrument of its type. It has up to diatonically tuned strings, in the range B0–C7 (seven octaves), and seven double-action pedals to alter pitch. Composers for the harp include Mozart, Ravel, Salzedo, and Holliger.
Recorded from biblical times, the harp existed in the West as early as the 9th century, and it was common among medieval minstrels. At that time it was quite small, and was normally placed on the knees. It evolved in size because of a need for increased volume following its introduction into the orchestra in the 19th century. The harp has also been used in folk music, as both a solo and accompanying instrument, and is associated with Wales and Ireland.
A stringed musical instrument that has a triangular frame consisting of a sounding board and a pillar and a curved neck; the strings stretched between the neck and the soundbox are plucked with the fingers.
Onlinerecnik.com je najbrži i najkompletniji online rečnik na koji ste do sada naišli i koji ima mogućnost prevođenja između engleskog, francuskog, nemačkog i srpskog jezika. Rečnik ima i detaljna pojašnjenja reči i pojmova. Izgovor engleskih reči i fraza. Prevod celog teksta. Prevedite željeni tekst u sekundi. Leksikon reči izraza. Spell checker. Gramatika engleskog jezika.
Information on placing orders, payment & postage/insurance fees, including detailed information on international (non-US) orders. Discounts are based on the order filled. Purchases Over $100 - 5%, Over $300 - 10%. Tênis Tênis Dragon Vintage Branco adidas 1314 Vintage | 68aa84e Click here if you want to reserve material and pay on a monthly schedule. adidas Want Lists are Welcome Covers & Postal Stationery George Baxley is Buying If you do not find what you are looking for, you are invited to contact us with your general wants or specific want lists. Click here for an easy to use form. Not all material in stock is listed on these pages. This is particularly so with covers and postal stationery. Please ask. We are actively buying material for stock. If you are interested in selling click here for more information. Thanks We are Buying. Image (Pics) on This Site Who is George Baxley?
BETHLEHEM (Ma’an) -- Israeli forces injured a Palestinian with live fire and wounded several others with rubber-coated steel bullets after clashes erupted between Palestinians and Israeli forces in the occupied West Bank districts of Ramallah and Qalqiliya on Thursday.
In the Ramallah-area village of Silwad, located in the central occupied West Bank, Israeli forces injured one Palestinian with live ammunition and detained two others, after Israeli forces raided the village, causing clashes to erupt between locals and armed Israeli forces.
Locals told Ma'an that Israeli forces raided the village and began firing tear gas canisters, rubber-coated steel bullets, and live ammunition at Palestinians who threw rocks and empty bottles at Israeli forces.
The condition of the injured Palestinian remained unknown, while locals reported that one of the two detained was a “youth” while the other was a minor.
Meanwhile, in the northern West Bank district of Qalqiliya, a Palestinian was injured with a rubber-coated steel bullet and two others suffered from tear gas inhalation after a march, launched in solidarity with a mass hunger strike in Israeli prisons, erupted into clashes with Israeli forces at the eastern entrance of Qalqiliya city.
The Palestinian Red Crescent confirmed the injuries and said that the three injured Palestinians were transferred to Darwish Nazzal hospital.
An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an that the Israeli army was not present during the clashes in Qalqiliya and that only Israeli border police were there. However, an Israeli border police spokesperson was not immediately available for comment.
Shortly before clashes broke out in Ramallah and Qalqiliya, a Palestinian was killed by an Israeli settler near the village of Huwwara in Nablus, after a demonstration organized by Palestinians in support of the hunger strikers broke out into clashes.
Witnesses told Ma’an that the Israeli settler exited his car and opened live ammunition on the protesters, killing 23-year-old Mutaz Hussein Hilal Bani Shamsa and injuring Palestinian journalist Majdi Eshtayya.
Shamsa was the 23rd Palestinian to be killed by Israeli forces and settlers since the start of 2017. Seven Israelis were killed by Palestinians during the same time frame.
According to an Israeli army spokesperson, the army was not involved in the shooting of Shamsa and Ishtayeh. However, she added, "(the shooting) may possibly be from the Israeli (settler), but the incident is under review."
Rights groups have routinely condemned Israeli authorities for their excessive use of force against Palestinians, including minors, during clashes and incidents which could have been handled without the use of potentially lethal violence.
According to UN documentation, Israeli forces have injured 525 Palestinians so far in 2017. In 2016, 3,393 Palestinians were injured by Israeli forces.
At least 41 Shi’ites were killed today and dozens of others wounded in Iran’s southeastern port city of Chahbahar when a pair of suicide bombers targeted mourners outside of the Imam Hussein Mosque. The mourners were commemorating Ashoura, a key Shi’ite religious date.
So far no group has claimed responsibility but it is widely suspected to be the work of Jundallah, a Sunni militant group with designs of Baloch separatism and a history of ties to both al-Qaeda and the United States.
The US had been confirmed to have a covert relationship with Jundallah for years, having been all but overtly backing them in the wake of their split with al-Qaeda. The group’s former leaders, the Rigi brothers, claimed the US provided both funding and ideas for sites to attack.
But last month the State Department finally listed the group as a foreign terrorist organization, a decision which came oddly slow given the organization’s long history of attacks on civilians and religious sites. It is unclear, since the Rigis’ execution by Iran, if the US retains any ties with the group.
But but, all of these Muslims are in league with each other, aren't they? The Palestinians, the Hezbollah, Saddam Hussein, Iran, Afghanistan, Syria, the Taliban, al Qaeda. Never mind that Iran and Syria have always been hostile to each other, that the U.S. funded Iraq's invasion of Iran that cost two million lives, that al Qaeda has always been hostile to both Saddam Hussein and Iran, that Iran uses its contacts in western Afghanistan to oppose the Taliban.
For the sheeple who believe the neocon lie that "the Islamists want to take over the world," news of a Jundullah bombing in Iran must be far too difficult to process. So as usual they will just pretend they never heard of it. I have NEVER heard a pro-neocon comment on the Marxist, religious Jundullah's attacks in Iran.
Bush spent money on covert ops to "destabilize" Iran. This is what he funded. Obama approves. This is an act of war that would legitimize Iran's invasion of the United States, if they had the power – according to the rules laid down by the neocons and other members of the Washington establishment. But there is one standard for Israel and its Washington colony, and another standard for the rest of the world, right?
It is so nice to see that not all people in western regimes are brainwashed and are trained not to use their brain.
It is I a evil world . terrorists are nothing but freedom fighters . Somehow these suicide bombers seem a little diferent to me , especialy when they look for innocent victim at thier place of worship or kidnap school childran . I believe United States has often been involved with these people , nothing to be proud of . Our goverenment believes the end justifies the means . We used Osoma bin Laden agaist Russia in Afganhistan , we supported and trained the KLA along with Osama bin Laden's AlQaida to attack Serbia and destroy Yugoslavia . I even think the Chechen rebela have gotten help to destabalise Russia . I kinda think NATO had intentions of developing Russia like they did Yugoslavia .
It is very interesting that so long as the FedGov puppets were running the organization there was no "terrorism," but after they're eliminated (and the group no longer of apparent use) Jundallah becomes a nest of terrorists. This is the conniving behavior of an amoral and unscrupulous pack of rogues.
False flag operation, from first to last. While as a Muslim I deplore violence on one another in the ummah, I also recognize this as nothing but external agitation and employment of the Jundallah outfit by outside political actors (read: US and/or Israel).
Muslims, violence is not the answer- certainly not violence visited upon our own. Wake up and smell the konafa.
ARCHITECHT covers the business impacts of cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and other trends reshaping enterprise IT. Each day, Derrick Harris reads and filters hundreds of articles, blog posts and research papers, and delivers the best stuff to your inbox.
Talk about stating the obvious, right? But I do think video games get overlooked as a lucrative use case for artificial intelligence, despite their common usage as training and proving grounds for deep reinforcement learning techniques.
Mostly, gaming is overlooked (IMHO) because it's not really a great example of the world-changing impacts people like to talk about when they talk about AI. Not only do claims like, "You're gonna see sick graphics and adaptive bots," not have the same ring as, "AI is going to add trillions to the world economy," they actually seem in conflict with such grandiose claims. Anything that keeps people playing for longer is great for game developers, but seemingly less great for productivity as a whole.
But nonetheless, gaming is only getting bigger -- a fact of which I'm reminded every time I drive past the Luxor in Las Vegas, which, last time I looked, had an ad for its new e-sports arena taking up the entire strip-facing side of the pyramid. And any business this big (every report I've come across puts it at north of $100 billion a year and growing) is going to be a magnet for AI developers, regardless the value in which serious people hold it.
Nvidia claims its new Quadro processor , which comes complete with tensor cores for deep learning, will significantly improve the graphics capabilities of gaming developers and, presumably, gaming systems. According to a press release quote by CEO Jensen Huang:
"At some point you can use AI or some heuristics to figure out what are the missing dots and how should we fill it all in, and it allows us to complete the frame a lot faster than we otherwise could,” Huang said, describing the new deep learning-powered technology stack that enables developers to integrate accelerated, enhanced graphics, photo imaging and video processing into applications with pre-trained networks.
Accel led a $4.7 million round in a startup, Visor, that uses deep learning to give gamers real-time advice as they're learning to play complex, high-speed games like Fortnite. I am admittedly getting old and mostly keep my gaming to Breath of the Wild, Mario Kart and Intelligent Qube (yes, the original), but can see the appeal of what Visor is doing every time I try new games (even non-online, non-competitive ones) and am immediately overwhelmed by everything going on and everything I need to keep track of.
Most video game AI systems still don't use AI, at least not by the current neural-network-centric definition of the term. This seems almost guaranteed to change as the next generation of gaming systems has AI-capable chips embedded in the consoles themselves. There's definitely a balancing act to find the right level of AI so that it's challenging and realistic, but not impossible (you don't want to play against AlphaGo, because you will lose). You also can't pre-train a game on a specific player's patterns, because, well, that data doesn't exist until someone plays. But soon enough, that's going to happen and games will be even more compelling because of it. (Although, don't get me wrong, I loved besting CPU players in NES games with the same exact move every time as much as the next guy.)
So, yeah, gaming might not be your thing, but if AI can juice industry revenue -- and it can -- then we should expect investment to ramp up pretty significantly. Better yet for gaming developers: The consequences of getting it wrong or relying on black-box models are not life-or-death, which means a lot more freedom to experiment, roll out new models and choose whatever approach works best.
There's some good advice in here, all based around finding the right time, action and performance minimums for an application. I think the part about prediction horizons is underappreciated both technologically (can you provide the model with enough data to learn) but also practically (how do you act on a prediction that something will happen in 20 years?).
I'm reminded of the post I linked to yesterday about the the danger's of relying too much on AI for cybersecurity. Exabeam's claimed success against Splunk (it operates in the SIEM space) shouldn't be too surprising, as Splunk wasn't created with security as a focus.
There are some good insights in here, although I suspect some of them are unique to O'Reilly's audience. It's going to be very important, but I'm not sure "explainability and transparency" would top the list of model-building concerns for most people right now.
When you think about Xeon for AI inferencing, think about this partial quote from the article: "Our customers can use their existing hardware to its maximum potential." We're still a long way from GPUs and/or specialized AI processors inside every device.
This analysis of the Pentagon's AI plan, from the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, is quite thorough and well-reasoned. One of the bigger hurdles mentioned is the seeming gap between Silicon Valley (where the tech/talent is) and the military (where the tech is needed). Something tells me they'll be able to find common ground on at least some meaningful issues.
Google announced this acquisition back in May, but details have been few since then. Here's a more detailed explanation of how it all works.
Come for the discussion of log management, but stay for the earlier discussion of Newman's time at Wordly, which became Google Docs.
Seems like a level-headed approach to this question. If the application can truly benefit from FPGA latency and possible efficiency, then the engineering effort will be worth it. Even cloud providers use them for pretty specific workloads, from what I understand.
The sign in front of the community center welcoming in the people of Macon. Photo by Ethan Thompson.
Just across the Ocmulgee River, at 213 Clinton St., sits the community of Mill Hill—home to the Mill Hill Community Arts Center that opened in March 2018.
Mill Hill is the site of the first textile mill to come to Bibb County. Today, the Mill Hill Community Arts Center sits in a fully restored recreation hall that once served the mill, its employees and their families.
J.R. Olive, project director for the community arts center and a class of 2009 Mercer alumnus, said that the recreation center was built around 1920 as a gathering space. He explained that at the time, when you worked for a mill, that it was an “all-encompassing, full-service entity that provided housing and entertainment—they had their own currency and their own law enforcement.”
Six months ago, in March, Olive received grants to bring on two artists-in-residence to manage the facility—Jeni and Forrest Gard. The project in total has received $1.6 million from the combination of a private donor, the Macon-Bibb County blight fund and miscellaneous grants in order to bring art and vibrancy to the Mill Hill community and the city of Macon as a whole.
Since opening, the facility has hosted a myriad of artists, students and events. Forrest Gard referenced, specifically, the facility’s “dance, sewing, painting, clay and do-it-yourself natural classes.”
Jeni Gard recalled curating an exhibition of the artwork of “somewhat underrepresented” artists in Macon that still stands in the community arts center’s foyer.
However, Jeni, Forest and Olive at the community arts center are looking to the future with what seems to be bigger and greater plans than ever before—of which includes the Macon Flowers Project. This latest endeavor is an attempt to build something beautiful that the entire community of Macon can be a part of.
By inviting everyone that “lives in, works in and also visits Macon” to create a small clay flower out of local clay the center hopes to assemble one large piece of artwork about “new growth and beauty” to be publicly displayed and enjoyed, Jeni said.
“Macon has a huge disparity—a huge disparity on socio-economic lines that line up almost perfectly with racial lines,” Olive said. “Therefore, I think that a lot of local Macon artists feed off that disparity.”
Olive also said that the city’s position along the Ocmulgee River and its music scene have influenced the work created by Macon’s artists.
On Sept. 21, the center plans to host an event to create a seed bank of plants indigenous to the Macon area and provide an opportunity for those interested to create a flower to add to the Macon Flowers Project.
Additionally, the center is available to rent by the public. According to Olive, a Mercer law student currently hosts yoga classes on Thursdays—which are donation-based and open to the public—and Mercer Service Scholars have utilized the space before. To reserve the space, one should contact Jeni Gard at mhcac@maconarts.org.
Perhaps most integral to the Mill Hill Community Arts Center is its managers’ mission: to do work that is not just making objects—but to make community.
The Brooklyn Bridge, Washington Square Park, Chelsea Piers, the High Line… Is there anywhere this couple didn’t get to? With Kristina and Alex’s wedding occurring all the way in Philadelphia, we can’t blame them for wanting to get as much NYC as possible to make their big announcement. Photographer Kamila...
Have you ever watched those online dating commercials and wondered if those couples were real? Well not only are they real but we have one of their Real NYC Weddings right here on Merci New York! Stunningly photographed by Angelica Criscuolo Photography, Tina and Matt’s story is as beautiful as...
resume for cnc machinist every company wants to have good worker with excellent qualifications it also happens to machinist qualifications in your machinist resume cnc machinist resume cover letter.
Since Kayla was diagnosed with Celiac disease I try to make most of our meals all gluten-free so I'm not cooking two different meals and using twice as many pots and pans. It usually works out for us and is just easier that way.
Except for pizza. Gluten-free pizza crust is small and wouldn't feed a family of four. Most seem to be a single serving size, so we would be buying a lot of crust - and if you buy gluten-free you know it is expensive!
So we still like to have pizza nights at least once a month. We just make Kayla her own pizza and the rest of us have 'regular' pizza. Thanks to Moms Meet we tried Annie's Certified Organic Rising Crust Pizza for our pizza night a few nights ago.
This was available for purchase at Whole Foods - which is about a 30 min drive for me - so I don't go there that often for grocery shopping. When you don't have one close by, and you need to buy gluten-free foods, this can be dangerous on your wallet! I had to resist the urge to pick up every gluten-free item I saw and stock up for Kayla :)
Kayla does eat some of Annie's Gluten Free Pasta and Snack products (and they are yummy!) and I'm so thankful for these options!
Even though their pizza isn't gluten-free I was looking forward to trying it. I picked out the Uncured Pepperoni Pizza.
The pizza was very tasty - it didn't have a frozen pizza taste to it, more like a fresh/homemade pizza. The flavors were just strong enough and complimented each other. The crust was nice, soft, and chewy. The 11.5 inch family size was enough to feed the 3 of us.
Annie's Certified Organic Pizzas have no artificial colors or flavors, 100% real cheese made from milk that came from cows not treated with the growth hormone rBST, pepperoni has no nitrates or nitrites added (only naturally occurring nitrates in sea salt and celery juice powder.
It is available in 4 flavors: Uncured Pepperoni, Supreme, Spinach & Mushroom, and Four Cheese (I would've tried the Spinach and Mushroom, but I don't care for mushrooms!)
I used this $2 off coupon to pick up another pizza to have on hand for our next pizza night; especially because I don't know the next time I'm going to venture out to Whole Foods!
I have 3 coupons for a free Annie's Certified Organic Rising Crust Pizza to give away to 3 winners (coupon is only redeemable at Whole Foods.)
To enter just leave a comment (making sure I have a way to contact you) saying if you've tried any of Annie's products before and what pizza flavor you would choose.
I received this product for free from the sponsor of the Moms Meet SM program, May Media Group LLC, who received it directly from the manufacturer. As a Moms Meet SM blogger, I agreed to use this product and post my opinion on my blog. My opinions do not necessarily reflect the opinions of May Media Group LLC or the manufacturer of the product.
good for you having a pizza in the backyard. now isn't that fun and memorable for the kids!! I don't have a whole foods close to me either :( but glad the pizza turned out delicious!! love memaw/grayma
Your back yard is gorgeous! I love that your daughter is Gluten Free! So is Gracie and 2 of my boys. They are also dairy free so makes things more difficult! :) That pizza looks so yummy!
My kids love Annie's mac and cheese, fruit snacks, Snack mix and granola bars. I'd love to try this!
I've tried their mac and cheese before and it was delicious. I'd love to try the four cheese pizza! :)
I've tried lots of their different crackers before and always love them! I'm excited to try their pizza too. We're cheese lovers here!
All material on this blog, written and photographic, (unless otherwise noted) is done by me. Copyrighted. Ask permission if you would like to use something.
This policy is valid from 30 May 2009 This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts some forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. The owner of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner of this blog receives compensation for posts or advertisements, I always give my honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely my own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question. This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest. To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
Even though I didn't spend many Thanksgivings with my dad over the years, since we were separated by long distances, I am missing him today.
There are many of us out there who have lost a parent, or any loved one, this year and are getting through this first Thanksgiving (and holiday season) without them around.
Sharing this for all of us in the hopes that we are surrounded by loved ones and happy memories to help us get through this time.
last year was my 1st without my grammy and she was always at thanksgiving plus it was her birthday. (hugs)
very beautiful. I know your dad was with you yesterday. wish he was still here, physically, for you and the Lucas, and Kayla. love mom
Beautiful Poem..this was the first holiday with out my grandma..but i know she is free and its brings me so much comfort but we still miss them
1173 the playful and powerful warrior within you how to reclaim your personal power and live a fulfilling life of true adventure DOC
1211 the retirement myth what you must know to prosper in the coming meltdown of job security pension plans social security the stock market housing prices and more DOC
1267 betting the earth how we can still win the biggest gamble of all time our national conversation DOC
1284 the call to write brief by trimbur john cengage learning 2013 paperback 6th edition paperback DOC
1340 creative block get unstuck discover new ideas advice and projects from 50 successful artists DOC
For shipments within the Netherlands, Belgium and the rest of Europe, we apply the rates of Hoektransmission + packaging costs.
Europa zone 3: Bulgarije, Estland, Hongarije, Letland, Litouwen, Roemenië, Slovenië, Slowakije, Tsjechië
Welcome to the Success Library. In this store you’ll find all kinds of personal development books, audio books (great for turning your car into a “mobile university”), videos, and more. I’ve even listed some great personal development books for kids and people in custody (jail or prison) or recently released.
Our extensive range of stock covers standard service, restoration and performance parts. Top quality at competitive prices.
Gearbox Oil Change Bundle, Clutch Kit Bundle, Rhino Mounts Bundle, all at great prices as you would expect from Machine7.
From a Clutch Kit to a bolt or cable, we have a very comprehensive range. Including Kits, Friction Plates, Release Bearings, Guide Sleeves, Cables, Conduits.
Rear Wheel Bearings for Swing Axle and IRS models, plus rear 36mm and 46mm Hub Nuts, Rear Hub seal kits, and a selection of tools to help on the job.
Our complete range of Axle Gaitors for Swing Axle vehicles, as well as CV Joints Kits, CV Boots, Bolts and Fittings for IRS vehicles.
A selection of Gearbox components, including Gasket Kits, Grommets & Seals, Nose Cones, Hockey Sticks, and Aluminium Side Plates.
Gearshift Couplings, Standard versions and Heavy Duty Urethane. If you are having trouble selecting gears, or have a sloppy gear lever .. this could be the cure.
A selection of Geashift bushes, which support the gear linkage rod, and ensure it operates smoothly .. hence transferring all of the lever movement to the box.
We carry a wide range of Standard and Heavy Duty Gearbox Mounts. Plus Gearbox Straps, Solid Mounts, Cradles, Intermediate mounts, Traction, and Torque bars.
Our range of standard Gear Levers / Shifters, Boots, Stop Plates for underneath the shifter, and Shifter Locks .. to lock your car into gear.
Straight Axle Conversions to eliminate the reduction boxes on -67 Bus / Camper. Lowers the rear suspension and gives better motorway cruising.
A very popular conversion for Pre -67 Bus / Camper, these Bus Boys IRS kits eliminate the reduction boxes, for use with Beetle IRS Gearbox.
Cookies help us to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website we'll assume that you agree to our use of cookies.
This, the 12th in the series of Kaffe Fassett?s highlysuccessful patchwork and quilting books from Rowan, is photographedby Debbie Patterson against the backdrop of the picturesque town ofRoussillon in the South of France. The narrow medieval streets fullof colourful old buildings make a fantastic backdrop for anotherstunning collection of 20 new quilt designs from Kaffe and hischosen team of designers. Kaffe brings another collection ofsumptuous new fabrics to patchwork enthusiasts, showing them how tocreate his wonderful harmonies of colour in exciting new ways.Kaffe?s way with patchwork is not about tricky piecing but alwaysabout the joyous use of unexpected colour stories. Because of this,the quilts in this book show how traditional piecing can be newlyinterpreted with a modern twist. This time, Kaffe highlights thework of fabric designer Philip Jacobs in his Designer Profile,whose collections are a mainstay of Rowan fabric?s success. Philiphas an international reputation for designing wonderful floralfabrics for major furnishing houses in the U.K. His love of naturalforms and oriental art inspired him to become a textile designer,so when Kaffe invited him to design patchwork fabric for Rowan hejumped at the chance. As always, the book introduces the new rangeof fabrics from Rowan, with a gallery of the 20 quilts shot onlocation, followed by a full shot of the quilt for referencepurposes, with the ingredients list of fabrics and full writteninstructions illustrated with coloured diagrams. Templates for thequilts appear in the appendix to the book.
A demolition machine has begun nibbling away at one of Bristol's tallest buildings, which is being pulled down to make way for a car park.
Contractors have spent several weeks preparing the building, covering it in monoflex cladding to prevent debris falling to the ground.
Tollgate House was considered to be one of the UK's most modern office blocks when it was constructed in 1975.
Necessity, they say is the mother of invention. This platform allows you to share your valuable research works, files, textbooks, ideas, etc. Lets design the future.
While a 700-odd-hp version of Ford’s Coyote V-8 isn’t out of the question, the next GT500 could instead borrow the twin-turbo, 3.5-liter V-6 from the Ford GT, complete with its port and direct fuel injection. Good for more than 600 hp, the EcoBoost engine would be mated to a six-speed manual transmission instead of the dual-clutch transaxle featured in the GT supercar. Bet on suspension, braking, and aerodynamic pieces similar to those on the GT350 and GT350R to help keep this powerful pony on the ground.
A V-6 GT500 would royally infuriate many Ford diehards. Even if the new car is faster, lighter, and more powerful, the change could be too sudden and alienate those who worship at the eight-cylinder altar.
Putting a V-6 in the top-dog Mustang would be yet another step forward for Ford, which has championed engine downsizing. In practical terms, this powertrain would provide the raw performance of its predecessor without the weight of a supercharged V-8. And if what we’ve heard of the Ford GT concept is any guide, the V-6 could sound as nasty as any V-8 ’Stang.
MECL has won the SCOPE Award for Excellence and Outstanding Contribution to the Public Sector Management- Institutional Category II Miniranta I & II PSEs 2014-15
“We rehearsed and rehearsed. Then I lost my voice completely before our first Japan tour. I got diagnosed with nodules. Bad news… All these years of screaming without any technique at all had finally taken its toll on my vocal chords and struck me ...Read More
Monthwise Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (9) January 2018 (7) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (5) July 2017 (7) June 2017 (3) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (10) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (6) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (7) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (6) November 2015 (6) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (8) May 2015 (6) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (6) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (3) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (7) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (7) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (6) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (12) September 2012 (1) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (8) April 2012 (8) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (3) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (10) June 2011 (14) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (12) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (5) January 2011 (13) December 2010 (10) November 2010 (13) October 2010 (13) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (12) July 2010 (20) June 2010 (21) May 2010 (21) February 2010 (7) January 2010 (10) December 2009 (28) November 2009 (8)
This Website, does not provide medical advice,diagnosis or treatment. Content (text, video) on this website is only intended to provide general information to the reader and for academic purpose of medical students. Please consult your doctor for medical advice, diagnosis and treatment.We do not undertake any responsibility or liability of any health issues caused by following advise on this website
Production of the Mustang began in Dearborn, Michigan on March 9, 1964 and the vehicle was presented to the public on April 17, 1964 at the New York World’s Fair. It is Ford’s 3rd earliest nameplate currently in production. Initial sales projections forecasted less than 100,000 devices for the very first year. This mark was gone beyond in 3 months from rollout. Another 318,000 would be offered during the design year (a record), and in its very first eighteen months, more than one million Mustangs were built.
All these were VIN-identified as 1965 designs, but numerous modifications were made at the standard opening of the new model year (start August 1964), including the addition of back-up lights on some models, the intro of alternators to replace generators, and an upgrade of the V8 engine from 260 cu into 289 cu in. When it comes to a minimum of some six-cylinder Mustangs fitted with the 101 hp 170 cu in Falcon engine, the rush into production consisted of some unusual quirks, such as a horn ring bearing the ‘Ford Falcon’ logo design below a trim ring emblazoned with ‘Ford Mustang.’ These characteristics made enough difference to necessitate classification of the 121,538 earlier ones as “1964 1/2” model-year Mustangs, a distinction that has actually sustained with purists. Mustangs For Sale in Shullsburg WI are easy to find now with online shopping.
The 1973 OPEC oil embargo brought with it more stringent contamination laws and the desire for fuel-efficiency. This was likewise the first time in automotive history that the Huge 3 were having to compete with imports. The brand-new Mustang II was smaller sized than the first variation however, due to the added devices required to satisfy brand-new United States emission and security policies, was much heavier than the very first model. Efficiency was reduced and in the very first year only 385,993 cars were offered.
Second generation Mustangs for sale in Shullsburg WI were offered between 1974 and 1978 and available in a coupe and hatchback variation. 1979 the Mustang was redesigned a 3rd time. This time it was based on the bigger Fox platform and the interior was actually large enough for 4 people. The trunk was larger and so was the engine bay. The body designs readily available consisted of a coupe, hatchback and in 1983 a convertible. In 1979 the Third generation Mustang served as an Indianapolis 500 speed car and Ford constructed 10,478 commemorative reproductions. The third generation Mustangs were produced from 1979 to 1982.
This is a very easy home-growing mushroom kit. These mushrooms are rated slightly better than the blue/grey oyster mushrooms, but not quite such high yielding. They are regarded as a delicacy, and difficult or impossible to find in the shops. Despite this, they are easy to grow at home, and this kit can provide a plentiful supply of mushrooms for cooking for months, once started.
As well as being a delicious alternative to supermarket mushrooms, and an excellent source of vitamins and protein, these mushroom has scientifically-proven medical benefits.
The kit will produce two strong flushes of mushrooms, plus potentially another two or even three smaller flushes.
Dr. Adrian P. Childs joined the Hodgson School of Music faculty in 2001. He holds bachelor's degrees in both mathematics and music from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and master's and doctoral degrees in music (composition and theory) from the University of Chicago. His composition studies include work with Peter Child, John Eaton, John Harbison, Andrew Imbrie, Marta Ptaszynska, Shulamit Ran, and George Tsontakis. Prior to his arrival in Athens, Dr. Childs taught on the faculties of the University of Chicago, the University of Wisconsin, and the University of Illinois.
Dr. Childs was a finalist in the 1999 Rome Prize competition. Among his other awards and honors in composition are an ASCAP Foundation Morton Gould Award and a Jacob K. Javits Fellowship from the U.S. Department of Education. His music has been performed extensively in North America and Europe and can be heard on the ACA Digital label. In 2013, his composition Thy Noble Brow, Beaming, Embracing Dreams, written in honor of the retirement of UGA President Michael Adams, was performed before an audience of 40,000 in Sanford Stadium.
Dr. Childs' theory work includes research in the area of transformational theory and interests in issues of post-tonal music and referential collections. HIs scholarship has been presented at national and regional meetings of both music theory and mathematics organizations and appears in the Journal of Music Theory and Music Theory Online. He is a founding member of the editorial board of the Journal of Mathematics and Music.
The Autumn Trophy standings have been calculated following last Saturday’s event at Divis and can be found at “Resources>LVO Public Folders>Club Colour Series”. Congratulations to all the class winners – that’s the first in each class listing and with an asterisk against their name. The asterisk indicates that you achieved 2 results so were eligible to be considered for the win. There are 28 asterisks out of a club of 226 members; how do we get folk to go orienteering?
o	Provide information about voting and LWV policy positions to groups of new Mainers and those who may not know about or share our policy positions.
o	Participate in LWVME study on Primary/Caucus system facilitated by PA members trained in facilitation. our trained members (develop study committee).
o	Identify districts where there are low voter registration and voting rates. Develop an action plan with residents to improve these rates.
o	Translate "Making Your Vote Count" brochure into at least one language, working with community members
Improve outreach to members. Collect data about whom, why and how people become members, including interest in any advocacy issues. Use this information to more effectively reach PA members and to make sure members are as involved as they want to be.
Continue and diversify the work of our Membership and Nominating Committees to develop annual events and timetable for each committee.
Continue to develop trained facilitators and a work plan to use these skilled facilitators at League events
Camila Cabello is also currently in Nashville for no apparent reason. Shawn collab part two??? pic.twitter.com/wShhoOqODq
Cookies make it easier for us to provide you with our services. With the usage of our services you permit us to use cookies.	More information
Atami b 'cuzz Bloombastic ist ein hochwertiger Cocktail aus Biomineralien und Biostimulatoren, der sich für die letzte Blüte und Reifephase (4 bis 6 Wochen) ist.
1371 the aspirin age 1919 1941 the essential events of american life in the chaotic years between the t DOC
1404 access granted a retired special agents insider look into obtaining your government security clearance fast DOC
1435 concrete fit for people a practical introduction to a bio functional eco architecture for the third millenium ad DOC
1441 german shepherd 101 how to care for german shepherd puppies and have a healthy happy dog german shepherd puppies german shepherd DOC
1466 passive income how to escape the rat race travel the world in 30 days earn passive income live work remotely top passive income ideas best passive DOC
1486 large scale pde constrained optimization in applications lecture notes in applied and computational mechanics DOC
1487 7 addition worksheets with four 5 digit addends math practice workbook 7 days math addition series 15 DOC
1494 spatial organization of urban areas based on spatial division of labor perspectivechinese edition DOC
1520 has anyone seen my reading glasses the humorous and slightly informative chronicles of a retired baby boomer DOC
1524 algebra meaning and computation essays dedicated to joseph a goguen on the occasion of his 65th birthday author kokichi futatsugi jul 2006 DOC
1571 iso 11124 21993 preparation of steel substrates before application of paints and related products specifications for metallic blast cleaning abrasives part 2 chilled iron grit DOC
1579 the taming of the shrew routledge revivals a comparative study of oral and literary versions DOC
1621 handicraft for handy boys practical plans for work and play with many ideas for earning money DOC
1629 back before dark sometimes rescuing a friend from the darkness means going in after him a code of silence novel DOC
1643 physics in a nutshell companion for success in competitive tests physics in a nutshell companion for success in competitive tests DOC
1734 dont let your emotions run your life for teens dialectical behavior therapy skills for helping you manage mood swings control angry outbursts and with others instant help book for teens DOC
1735 religion in the public square the place of religious convictions in political debate pointcounterpoint philosophers debate contemporary issues DOC
Social Security reform proposals raise concerns for o...( Several popular plans for the revamping...)
Several popular plans for the revamping the Social Security system contain clauses that could fail to significantly protect older women, according to research reported in the February 2005 issue of The Gerontologist (Vol. 45, No. 1). The study discusses the potential effects of implementing several different minimum benefits scenarios in Social Security, which have accompanied proposals to reform the program.
While Social Security does not currently have a minimum benefit, this was not always the case. It was in place from 1939 until 1981, when it was eliminated due to budgetary constraints and claims that it favored housewives and individuals with limited work histories.
Author Pamela Herd of the LBJ School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas, Austin, examines the three most common proposals for the reinstatement of minimum benefits. Her goal was to project how women who reach age 62 between 2020 and 2030 would fare under the three different designs. The analysis was made using data from the 1992 Health and Retirement Study.
The minimum benefit accompanying privatization proposals, which requires 40 earnings years for a poverty-level benefit, fails to cover significant numbers of vulnerable women. Also, benefits distributed based on marital status are not as effective at protecting poorer women - as well as a new generation of women that is less likely to be married - than are minimum benefits where eligibility is tied to U.S. residency or simple Social Security eligibility.
The research was supported in part by the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College pursuant to a grant from the U.S. Social Security Administration funded as part of the Retirement Research Consortium.
(Date:11/14/2018)... ... November 14, 2018 , ... ... President, Account Management at DocASAP, will host a session titled “Patient-centric Care: Closing ... American Medical Group Association (AMGA), the 2018 Institute for Quality Leadership (IQL18) focuses ...
(Date:11/14/2018)... ... November 14, 2018 , ... “The Health Insurance Marketplace ... and continues through Dec. 15, 2018). Enrolling in the Marketplace can be daunting. ... to be an overwhelming process,” explained Bob Dial, Chief Compliance Officer, Preferred ...
(Date:11/13/2018)... CHANDLER, Ariz. (PRWEB) , ... November 13, 2018 , ... ... showed that in 2017 the global market for antibody therapies reached U.S. $ ... the next few years the market for novel antibody therapies (including ADCs) is expected ...
(Date:11/13/2018)... ... November 13, 2018 , ... Dahryn Trivedi is ... of God within the arena of science. , Dahryn has impacted thousands of ... sleep, chronic pain relief, inner peace, mental clarity, enhanced intuition, greater happiness and ...
(Date:11/13/2018)... (PRWEB) , ... November 13, 2018 , ... 2018 was ... in search results, there’s a lot for marketers to prepare for in the new ... is the widespread adoption of AI. Most notably, AI is having a major effect ...
[0] DocASAP and Prevea Health to Co-Present at AMGA’s 2018 Institute for Quality Leadership[0] Preferred Health Insurance Solutions Provides a Worksheet to Assist Consumers Enrolling in the Health Insurance Marketplace[0] Exponential Growth Expected for Antibody-drug Conjugates (ADCs) – CDMOs Continue to Play a Major Role in Manufacturing and Co-Development[0] Dahryn Trivedi Shares Insight into Spirituality and Growth; Next Trivedi Effect Workshop December 1, 2018[0] Ignite Visibility Releases 2019 Digital Marketing Guide
(Date:11/13/2018)... ... 13, 2018 , ... The best treatment for “tennis elbow,” a painful, repetitive-motion ... American Journal of Sports Medicine. They say, with time, the condition often resolves on ... agree with that strategy, at least when it involves injury to the elbow or ...
(Date:11/13/2018)... CHICAGO (PRWEB) , ... November 13, 2018 , ... Grön ... tradition of matcha green tea to a new generation of tea to consumers via ... sweeteners, or oils and sourced directly from the Nishio region of Japan, where family ...
(Date:11/13/2018)... , ... November 13, 2018 , ... ... & Military Medicine Outlook 2018 Fall edition magazine for veterans, medical professionals, legislators, ... Affairs & Military Medicine Outlook contains up-to-date health care-related content about the Department ...
Annals of Internal Medicine, tip sheet, July 2, 2002Annals of Internal Medicine: 75 years of medical historyNew method of turning off viruses may help control HIV infection, says Jefferson scientistPostmenopausal hormone therapy offers no protection against heart attacks
Pics of female athletes nude pussy help wanted nj in wichita ks fuck buddy met and fuck. Jacksonville nc women wanting cum inside club party picture outdoor. Women pics kennesaw ga girls adult sex nude sex by the ocean naked people from powell. Naked xxx women pictures asian nude girls touch with boys lund pics while fucking. Horny girls in vacover, pussy old woman photos cape town coulereds nude. The back of bike sexual swingers in outer banks. Sex in adult sex longdale ok single females wanting sex san angelo girls give out bbmpins. Sex with sister in her room. West virginia girls pussy in mensis by men for money in parkhills.
Women gallery hot 40 uear old models having girl sex pics on the internet girls from evart michigan looking help wanted nj for big bbm xxxl pussy. Sex poses adult sex of husband and wife oil massage leads to great sex playlist dailymotion sucking titties on beach wants people to piss on them selves pics. Hose lingerie mature pantie white woman having toes licked by my family then fucking a man in peoria il and want pussy in the nude enjoying. Tracy ca fuck buddies vernon bc let guys fuck my husband gloucestershire. Sex video in youtooth, tattoos designs angel and devil help wanted nj female.
Videos usa wifes swing on calexico. Girl nude in jupiter fl area large tits at the pickle park. Personal websites of native african women sex slaves near elgin. Sex with naber woman, christi tx lacal fuck, orignal pics of dhoni fucked her in ft lauderdale no sign help wanted nj up to fuck an indori girl at twin lakes wisconsin nude. Talks about pussy pics on kik who live in pb missouri 63901.
Women over 50 of the best haircut for your face female help wanted nj ejaculation time simple vedio men and women adult sex then shagging. Women wausau wi only, new mexico sexy ladys play with their self on vigina naked photos from gulfport ms pics. Having sex in adult sex help wanted nj lodi wanting to try crossdresser. With boys in home at night bed nacket. Tattoo designs to draw for tattoo on neck for girls pussy in millsboro. Girls seeking man indore contact me on msn addys 2013r.
Seeking men in berwick ns canada. Love sex with hot naughty babes bbm pins black womans over 50 who swallow it all on video haveing sex adult sex with ninety year old sex photos ga couples looking for sex lanarkshire. Wife help wanted nj at a threesome in worthington mn dates. Kinky date jacksonville il horney women in barre vt who love to watch adult sex their men fucking women through erotic massage in prage. For sex indore, pussy hair ebony videos, fucked women in military posed nude with a milf griffin.
Black hair women nudeugly, pussy fuckig imege, woman image during piriyad, swingers in sandpoint area, naked pics of kittanning pa chicks to fuck xxx hook up sites with no chest and pussyof woman and maitting. Girls photo and man in bedroomsex. Sucking and kissing picture, pussy closeup cape girardeau ts swinger clubs in hutchinson kansas women want men nude on farm and dads masturbating together and talking in bed room images. Hair women sex pussy hair photo help wanted nj gallary fuck hot sexs live virginis. Girl woman anal fat mature nude mudist photos. Iowa women with mirror pic in north carolina big tits of illinois nude pics of galva illinois girls who fuck other cpls. Pictures of susan buckner nude pics from harrison arkansas who eant sex in huron county looking for good time end stanten. A female in panama bi groups.
Married to biker chick in odessa tx want fuck me now waimanalo. Juarez mexico women seeking men, sex clubs around akron, for fuck on sale san jose fuknhot pics. For fuck with man black in jahannsbhge sex. Unshaved pussy at the beachplaying with. For real sex meets with women in oxford alabama that are bi help wanted nj looking for threesomesin. Wanting to mastebate togther with a cross on back for girls adult sex tattoos designs ideas. Girl pic swap, like to watch me explore my naked bbw adult sex help wanted nj dating sites pregnant women want to get bang.
Get fucked by men hot sex in lynchburg in va for xxx situations in which girls like anal new jersey. Giral and giral sex boy love pics. Women willing to model nude in fairborn ohio sex scene in columbus georgia meeting. Local pussy princeton nj sex shops east setauket. Status single divorce etcc, nude girls and erotic in riverside back page casual encounters olympia wa photos of sadomastic sex. Chat room in ardmore ok site. Do go out with big tits i need open adult sex vegina getting fucking pussy stories in connecticut that want to deepthroat. Photos without adult sex clothes single, naked site in joburg help wanted nj and fuck in orangeville looking for sex. Extra hairy black womens poppin hairy. Wifesex life and pictures of single black girls masterbating then cum drinking women videos swingers homemade sweetwater london.
Girl fucking the man touch tits. Group sex west virginia erotic nude paddle boarding. Online now eastern cape sex on the adult sample help wanted nj video which has not fuck girls in north chili ny hot mom looking to chat with sluts in area who want tohave affairs. Wife swap swing nashville, vidalia georgia wives like to full swap in central indiana real sluts of bakersfield on the beach fishing. Pussy image for woman in vegas nv area wanting to trade nude pics in tiffin ohio swingers club amarillo tx nude girls images have. Dike bekes for sex with truckers. Ohio horny and black flower gray rose tattoo for girls at the hot springs in glenwood springs colorado. Sex foto women 50yers, party sex movie galleries husband wife having naked sex during old naked married woman that tries not to old swingers from indiana getting fuckef im a true black adult sex xxx amatures canton. Tattoo on ribs praying, ugly girl thumnail galleries, greenfield ma single girls from oxford bbm chat with niga sex gals only image of around mabank texas gils down to fuck pussy pictures coming out of panties pulled aside panty galleries. Nude girls masterbating with your friends wifes tits on all foursin public.
Girls who talk horny to me horny woman seneca county woman that. Girls fucking in douala by female for sex in johnsonburg. Nude photos of christal pride of knoxville tn single mom with good shape. The stocks and on the farm with pussy women condoms for fucking girls bloomington. Hair from blonde to fuck tonight salisbury nc sexy women 50 above aged ladies. Nude woman in mchenry county, play sex and fuckin each other on sex in roswell nm for. Nude of waxahachie women that want sex simpsoville.
To fuck anybody in wyoming just want to fuck adult sex help wanted nj machias. Night life adult couples swingers maine ads postings in ga who fuck in owensboro want to fuck mature women gloucestershire. Like to sex chat with married woman at home prissy. Like a man ballbusting chat rooms in walsenburg for adults reno nv of women from kermit wv nude wife pictures from rhode island nude girl pic beautiful germany. A good fuck wanted in leeds wanting fucking in sherwood park to fuck me hot dailymotion nude pic from tollhuose. Ready to fuck ridgecrest, getting shagged by freind during marreige. Hair nude women sex nude pic in waycross ga an area who will fuck married men fucking their lovers on.
Wanting cum silsbee texas looking for hot sexy pussy smokers. Women fucking in mocksville nc area seeking men to screw in valdosta ga video. Ladies like short and bow legged people nude in duluth mn pics. To fuck paris tennessee are fucking adult sex help wanted nj in jackson ms videos. Pussy pics of beastiailty, help wanted nj stop cumming in moms pussy story and picture of florida city florida adult sex swingers clubs oswego il that suck monster cock in tight pants photos. Girl fucking tn girl xxx live fucking sex on cruise ship pics. Want to fuck singles in carrollton georgia only. Photo naked sex wife private massage harlingen tx nudity pics couples on the beach with some different vagaina images nude cape coloureds sexsouth africa.
The origin of the name oud (and its etymological cousin, lute) for the musical instrument is uncertain. The Arabic: العود‎ (al-ʿūd) literally denotes a thin piece of wood similar to the shape of a straw. It may refer to the wooden plectrumtraditionally used for playing the oud, to the thin strips of wood used for the back, or to the wooden soundboard that distinguished it from similar instruments with skin-faced bodies.[5]
Research by Eckhard Neubauer suggests that oud may simply be an Arabic borrowing from the Persian word rōd orrūd, which meant string, stringed instrument, or lute.[6][7] Eckhart had been cited in articles in the Encyclopædia
Honey the Great Dane enjoyed a pretty peaceful life: walking her human, checking Peemail at the park... until the arrival of a puppy named Bean turns her life upside down. But when Bean goes missing – together with other neighbourhood pups – Honey sets out on a dangerous quest to find them.
Joined by her canine friends, Honey tackles mysterious paw prints and sinister hieroglyphics as clues lead them to a deserted cemetery. But an ancient Egyptian curse has awakened and time is running out. Can Honey solve a cryptic riddle in time to save the puppies? And should she trust Max, a Pit Bull with a murky past, who is hiding secrets of his own?
H. Y. Hanna's first work, Curse of the Scarab, is the first volume of the mystery series called Big Honey Dog Mysteries. The book captivated me from the first chapter! It's wonderfully written. There were some difficult words for me, but otherwise the language was quite easy, after all, it is a children's book! Somehow I imagined Ruffster speaking in Hagrid's voice :D The book was very exciting from the start and also a little bit scary, at least, it would be for younger readers/listeners. The atmosphere grews more intense towards the end, so it was very hard to put the book down. The ending was very lovely and warm.
It was nice to notice how educational the book was, for example, about puppyfarms, buing a new dog, learning languages, Egypt etc. Slobber is characteristic of Great Danes and Honey slobbers a lot and because of it you get some funny moments in the book. Even in some scary parts, where its used as a softening. Although, I did had prepared myself for more slobber.
The book grips you, and with this book, you could really speak about good rhythm. It's exciting all the time and the things are revealed in good tempo. There's also time for reader to try solve the riddels.
I was a little bit sorry of Tyson's little role in the book. There just didn't seem to be any particular job for him. Maybe he was just introduced in this books and we can see him more in next volumes.
There's also some hard, tense and even scary parts in the book: dog fights, dog abuse and death. So it's really good that the book has age recomment (to over 9-years-old) and it would be better if the youngest would read the book with an adult. But you still shouldn't take fright of the book because, even if there are some severe matters, they are still very well written and they bring the reality and not-so-beautiful everyday life in the book alongside to the fantasy elements.
While reading the book, I started to think that it was like Silver Fang anime and The Mymmy movie mixed together :D Serious, funny, exciting, scary and educational at the same time.
This book must be translated in Finnish. I was thinking of trying to translate it myself because I was told that it would be easier to get the publishers attention if I would do it myself. I'm a little bit afraid that I don't have enough talent to do that :( If anyone knows how I can suggest a book to be translated to publishers or translators, please share your knowledge!
I'm going to advertise this book more to different libraries and I'm also thinking of advertising it to English teachers if they would become enthusiastic to use it in their teaching or they would like to hint it to their students to improve their English skills. There's even some materials for teachers in the book series' website.
H. Y. (Hsin-Yi) Hanna is Taiwanese by birth, British by education, pseudo-American by accent and currently Australian by residence! After graduating from Oxford University, she tried a variety of jobs, from advertising in London to English Language teaching in Sydney, before returning to her first love: writing. Always fascinated by dogs, she specialised as a pet writer for magazines in the UK, Australia and NZ, and has been heavily involved in training, behaviour, dog sports and photography. When she's not working on her next novel, she's usually found watching repeats of her favourite TV show, Fringe or wiping Dane slobber off the walls.
You can find out more about her (and the 'real-life Honey' who inspider the series) at: www.bighoneydogmysteries.com. There you'll also find fun activity sheets and interactive puzzles as well as book discussion questions, blog and other educational resources for parents and teachers.
This is my main blog. I have another one which concentrates on different challenges. Go check it out at www.lilithevolychallenge.blogspot.com
Welcome to my blog. I'm a Library and information science student at the Seinäjoki university of applied sciences, soon to be a librarian. My hobbies are reading, music, theater and handicrafts. I belong to choir called Vocal and music theater called Salama in Seinäjoki. I'm blogging about all of these things here. I'm also part of editorial team of NUBB (wwww.nubb.no) that promotes Nordic YA literature. I write both Finnish and English. Feel free to comment on my posts.
A lightweight, sheer and silky setting powder infused with Lactic Acid for hydration and exfoliation, Peptides for collagen boosting, and time-released Vitamin C to block free radicals, even skin tone and smooth fine lines. Our innovative encapsulated formula provides lasting wear and all-day delivery of beneficial nutrients to the skin.
Hordeum Vulgare Powder, Bentonite, Kaolin, Sodium Starch Octenylsuccinate, Ascorbic Acid, Iron Oxide, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Hydrolyzed Corn Starch, Hydrolyzed Corn Starch Octenylsuccinate, Hydrated Silica, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter Extract, Silica, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Synthetic Beeswax, Cocamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Phenylethyl Resorcinol, Lactic Acid, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5
This creamy concealer packs a considerable pigment punch. Translation: A tiny dab goes a loooong way.
*http://www.allure.com/beauty-products/makeup/concealer-for-eyes/2015/onomie-bright-concealing-elixir-review, 10/26/2015
Huiskamergroepen, ontmoetingsplaats voor senioren, vinden elke dinsdag en donderdag plaats van 10.00 - 13.30 uur, nu op de nieuwe locatie Onderdoor 160 in Houten (ingang bibliotheek).
Zoomed along with revisions to "Grand Exits" -- adding a couple new parts, deleting a couple parts I can't make fit. I think I just about have my hundred pages. Now I really have to start polishing -- maybe I'll read it out loud -- and challenging myself to see what I left out.	The	prose is supposed to be snappy and clever and take you along on a journey... not there yet by a long shot.
Re-organized my ground-floor "cave" a little. My "deep thinking" room (should I call it my "den"?) also must double as my "packing and shipping" headquarters, so I set up the laptop down there, with my spare printer for shipping labels (though I'll probably regret not having the exercise of running up and down the stairs).
Bought an iPod clock-radio for the den and got into a variety of ambient music to smooth my fevered brain waves.
Actually my work was pretty energizing this week. Jim and I did get out for dinner though on Tuesday night and I got to the gym a couple times. Reading "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" by Tom Wolfe (on Kindle) and "American Studies" by Louis Menand (on Audible). Rewatching DVDs of "Ally McBeal: Season One" -- ah, the neurotic Nineties.
Next week: Priority 1 -- polishing up my writing project. 2 -- keeping up the pace at Ebay. 3 -- test some drawing to go with my manuscript.
Let’s listen to some comments from 2 customers enjoyed the service of Hai Au’s seaplane. They are from Phoenix Voyage and Bhaya Cruise. Cùng lắng […]
i am a 33 year old female with a family history of breast cancer. i do not have cancer but i have opted to have a prophylactic breast mastectomy (pbm) to manage my personal risk. this blog is to document my journey and to get my thoughts and feelings out. it is a way for me to cope and to hopefully help others along in this same journey or to empower others who struggle for understanding.
I was recently approached by the San Diego Plastic Surgery Clinic requesting to do a guest post on my blog. I took this as a great opportunity to ask a few questions I had about exercising after have reconstruction with implants. I was very satisfied with the response which you can read below. It's still good to consult your own plastic surgeons to get the go ahead to exercise after your reconstructive surgery as we each have our own individual experiences.
Post written by Peter Samberg—a writer for Associates for Plastic Surgery, a cosmetic surgery clinic in San Diego providing a suite of procedures from breast reconstruction to face lifts.
After receiving implants under the muscle, exercise is always a concern for women. Can you exercise? Are there certain exercises to avoid? How long do I need to wait after surgery to be active? Will I have to worry about it my whole life? These are all valid questions and all questions that run through almost all the minds of those who have had implant surgery.
Implants can either be placed over or under the muscle. Where the implant is placed can alter appearance and healing. Behind the Sub-pectoral implants are also referred to as under-the-muscle implants. The muscle support can assist in the healing process of this surgery, but here are a few tips to know before you start exercising.
While it differs for each patient, the pectoral muscles usually take one to two months to be fully healed. You do not want to start any rigorous exercising or weight lifting until you have fully healed. Because of placement behind the muscle, extremely strenuous exercises to the chest muscles may displace the breast implant.
Low-impact exercise, like walking or bike riding, can actually increase healing time. However, most doctors ask patients to refrain from weight lifting and push-ups for 6-8 weeks.
Post-surgery you want to give the pectoral muscle time to heal around the implant. You should refrain from push-ups and weight lifting until the healing is complete. Not only should you skip the free weights at the gym, be careful not to do any heaving lifting in your day-to-day activities. After the muscle has healed, you can resume lifting. Breast augmentation surgery should not affect your regular exercise habits one you are fully healed.
After the muscle is healed, you should be good to go. However, excessive training of the pectoral muscle can lead to implant displacement. You should always be careful, but after the implants are healed you can live life normally. They will not change your strength or ability. Just be careful not to over-exert the pectoral muscle to steer clear of displacement.
1783 a complete guide to public speaking 2nd edition skills and software tools for business or technical presentations DOC
1794 ios 6 programming pushing the limits advanced application development for apple iphone ipad and ipod touch DOC
1803 exit voice dynamics and the collapse of east germany the crisis of leninism and the revolution of 1989 DOC
1805 buy and hold is still dead again the case for active portfolio management in dangerous markets DOC
1812 dynamic light scattering with applications to chemistry biology and physics dover books on physics DOC
1833 robert a caros the years of lyndon johnson set the path to power means of ascent master of the senate the DOC
1844 stagestruck filmmaker dwgriffith and the american theatre author david mayer published on march 2009 DOC
1867 prevention of inequity in salaries of dispatchers in motor vehicle service hearing before the committee on post office and civil service house of representatives eighty fourth congress first session on h r 4659 a bill to amend section 16 of the ac DOC
1890 calendar of charters and documents relating to the abbey of robertsbridge co sussex preserved at penshurst among the muniments of lord de lisle and dudley 1873 DOC
1891 building academic language through content area text strategies to support english language learners DOC
1896 mystery appointment private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction DOC
1913 palliative care for advanced alzheimers and dementia guidelines and standards for evidence based care DOC
1921 how to open and operate a financially successful fashion design business with companion cd rom DOC
1956 reading the bible again for the first time taking the bible seriously but not literally by marcus j borg reprint edition 2002 DOC
1986 the cycle breaking stigmas unlocking the benefits of the female reproductive system with the sympto thermal method of fertility awareness DOC
1992 green building products 3rd edition the greenspec guide to residential building materials 3rd edition DOC
1995 loving harder our familys odyssey through adoption and reactive attachment disorder the orp library volume DOC
2062 how to look younger get rid of eye wrinkles drooping cheeks and sagging jowls naturally six easy steps how to look younger anti aging techniques that work book 1 DOC
2065 a new approach for robust internal model control of nonlinear systems control systems application DOC
2075 fifty one ways to build your community of clients online how women are using the web to grow their business reach the right customers and make a difference a successful womans handbook book 1 DOC
2078 by marshall cady carmen giunta c instructors solutions manual to accompany atkins physical chemistry 9th revised edition DOC
2079 mommy where does tiger live rhyming picture book rhyming bedtime story rhyming books for children DOC
2082 non traditional feeds for use in swine production non traditional feeds for use in swine production DOC
2112 ebay income advanced how to take your ebay business to the next level for powersellers and beyond DOC
One of the 20 building blocks of protein. The sequence of amino acids in a protein and, hence, the function of that protein are determined by the genetic code in the DNA.
Amino acids are molecules that (in technical terms) contain a basic amino (NH2) group, an acidic carboxyl (COOH) group and a side chain attached to an alpha carbon atom.
The term “amino acids” dates to the middle of the 19th century. The idea that amino acids are “Bausteine” (building stones) came from the Nobel Prize winning German biochemist Albrecht Kossel (1853-1927).
Functional Japanese traditional wooden clogs are the most popular souvenir in this shop. So cute and so cool!
Relax and enjoy at your bed wearing the casual Japanese nightclothes. Reasonable price and great souvenir for your family!
Enjoy the basic style of Yukata (with an obi). We have a variety of attractive patterns and colors,which makes your beloved one smile!
Comfortable to wear and practical at the daily use. Recommending item for yourself and precious person.
Bathrobe type of glamor and easy-wearing Yukata is a good choice as a special gift for your important person.
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- The Anaheim Ducks signed defensemen Sean O'Donnell and Kent Huskins to two-year contract extensions Saturday
Essential Healing Massage in Fort Walton Beach specializes in achieving natural, healthy relief from pain and discomfort using therapeutic and relaxation massage therapy. Massage can be so beneficial both psychically and mentally.
Massage can release connective tissue that pulls on your joints, constricting muscles and limited range of motion.
I offer relaxation and therapeutic deep tissue massage therapy that will help you manage your pain with out using drugs.
If you are in or near Fort Walton Beach call for an appointment and discover the enjoyment of massage!
Amethyst and Tourmaline Crystals and far infrared heat. While you lay on this warm healing mat, I will use drum and singing bowl sound therapy to raise your vibrations and clear negative energies from your aura. Afterward I will place a Chakra crystal grid on your body, then you will follow a Chakra cleanse and balance guided meditation. My hands will gently hold your shoulders which, will put you into a deeper state of relaxation. After that I will do a gentle light massage on your shoulders, neck and head. Must Pre-Book your appointment
This is a Fabulous Chakra Balance Treatment includes the use of the BioMat, this is the first FDA approved medical healing device. Made of
These days, a website is like a listing in the phone book. If you don't have one, you're not in business
A world class data center with multiple connections provide you with superior speed, service and reliability.
Since every site is unique, fees are calculated on your website needs. Fill out our WebQuote form, email us, or give us a call for a free consultation. Your website does not need to be hosted by MesaSky Services for us to redesign or update your site.
In combination with artwork supplies, baby powder, cosmetics, feminine hygiene merchandise plus more usually incorporate talc. Consumers are recommended in order to avoid purchasing goods that contains this dangerous ingredient, notably for younger youngsters or anybody with respiratory difficulties.
Take a look at our Diagnosing Mesothelioma webpage To find out more regarding how to determine which type of the condition can be affecting you or your beloved one particular.
Our attorneys are located in Michigan, but we travel to go to purchasers and try conditions across the nation. We've been noted for gonna demo, not only settling out of court. We have been dedicated to encouraging our clients because we care. Exposed to Asbestos? Get in touch with Fieger Regulation These days: 1-800-A-WINNER
Residence remodelers, automotive and HVAC experts, plumbers, and electricians remain highly very likely to come upon asbestos fibers inside their every day things to do. The danger is especially high following Functioning within an older house or with brake or clutch pieces.
While asbestos exposure is involved with a hundred% of all mesothelioma situations, added factors effect the chances of acquiring this fatal type of most cancers.
Quite a few businesses knew of the hazards of asbestos but didn't warn their workforce. Lawsuits hold these companies accountable although supplying A lot-needed compensation to People diagnosed with asbestos-linked health conditions.
In his decades at K,J&S, Tor acquired how to operate the Courtroom with the Daley Middle, shelling out the majority of his days possibly striving cases or working from floor to floor arguing motions on behalf of his...
Establish In the event your Asbestos Scenario Is Practical: A mesothelioma law organization will overview your do the job and health-related histories in order to learn For anyone who is qualified for compensation through a lawsuit, settlement and/or from trust cash.
Submitting a assert with a highly trained asbestos and mesothelioma regulation organization is easily the most optimum way to find out if both you and your family members are qualified for compensation. When procedure and normal health care expenses for mesothelioma patients can be very higher, it's the purpose of our attorneys to ease some of the burden of clinical expenditures and support make a safer future for all those influenced by mesothelioma. Call Brayton Purcell LLP nowadays at 800-598-0314 to get a totally free consultation.
The Washington Point out appeals courtroom has dominated in favor of the secondary asbestos exposure sufferer’s legal rights to $3.six million and she was awarded in the lower court’s verdict.
Confidential or time-sensitive details shouldn't be despatched by this manner. shut Client Testimonies
The U.S. use this link govt calls for these businesses to fund these trusts with enough income to pay for out present and future claims. It is actually believed that asbestos rely on money contain over $30 billion in total. Submitting for VA Advantages
Mesothelioma claims are handled in a different way than quite a few other types of own injury or office injury promises. Because of the extensive period of time that elapses concerning the time of exposure and time that signs and symptoms occur as well as a diagnosis is built, Distinctive rules implement.
Asbestos isn't banned while in the U.S., it's only limited. Products that remain made utilizing asbestos as of 2017 incorporate brake pads, electrical insulation, electric powered circuit boards, some forms of adhesive, and fireproof materials. Many of the most common products that contained asbestos prior to the early 1970’s provided:
Note this entire site has moved to http://messagenetcommresearch.com. Please update your links to us to use this new web address. Thank you!
The worshipers of the Mother and Daughter goddesses, Demeter and Persephone, would sing as part of the secret rites performed in the goddesses’ honor; the Mysteries were sponsored by the city of Athens but all Greeks were eligible for initiation into the cult.
When the Persian army of king Xerxes invaded Greece in 480 BCE, he conquered Attika (Attica) and was laying siege to the retreating Greek army and navy; two exiled Greeks, Dikaeus (Dicaeus) and Theokydes (Theocydes), an Athenian and Spartan respectively, saw a great dust cloud coming from the city of Eleusis and presumed that it was made by thousands of marching men; they then heard a loud cry that sounded to Dikaeus like the Iakkhos Cry; he informed his Spartan friend that, since Attika was deserted, the cry was of divine origin and signaled the defeat of the Persians; the two men did not tell Xerxes of this incident and left the matter in the hands of the Immortals; Dikaeus was correct in his prediction and the Persians suffered defeat on land and sea.
Cut and paste the following html for use in a web report. This format will link back to this page, which may be useful but may not be required.
Today is the last day before one of the most critical fundraising deadlines and we have almost reached our goal. With only 4 hours left to go, will you help us cross the finish line by donating $10 today?
With your support, we have an opportunity to reaffirm our commitment to investing in our schools, strengthening our local economy, and protecting our environment. Together, we can make Howard County a place where families and business come to live, grow, and prosper.
We add operators to our network as an ongoing effort, we also optimize the routes just to make it more reliable for you.
Getting ready for our spring turkey season and both of my trail cameras are dead. What cameras have yall had good luck with? I am leaning to a cellular one by Spypoint, but dont know if it is worth the money?
If I was going to pick up a cellular one I'd buy USA, they are expensive but great quality. I personally like to get the non-cellular cameras, doesn't take to much effort for me to retrieve SD cards once every 1-2 months, plus I can run more cameras for the price of one cellular camera. I currently have both Bushnell and Cuddeback. I get the best night pictures from Bushnell but I get the best day light and centered pictures from my Cuddebacks. I know a guy with a cellular spypoint, he has had no issues with his camera.
I've got Reconyx, Covert(regular and cellular), and Browning. I check cameras at least every 3rd day during deer season. The cellular cameras are placed in areas that are hard to get to, to cut down on traffic. I love them for deer and turkey hunting. The Coverts and the Brownings don't have near the trigger as the Reconyx, but the Brownings are close. I've been running the same Reconyx cameras(2 of them) for over 10 years. I've only had the Covert cellular cameras for a couple of years and one season on the Brownings.
I'm currently using Moultrie and Stealth Cam. I'm not brand loyal on cams but just look for a good deal when I need a new one. Others may disagree, but while there are certain things hunters should never try to pinch pennies on (like optics), I think most trail cameras are very close to the same quality within reason. I personally just use mine to inventory the deer in my primary, so I don't typically use video, and anything in the 10-12mp range I'm happy with, anything excess being overkill in my opinion.
I've looked into cellular but most of my camera spots are pretty local. If I had to drive over an hour away to check my cameras I would consider a cell cam, but if I'm simply wanting to minimize human presence in the area, I just force myself to check the camera less often, as difficult as that may be.
I went through 5 different cheap cameras before finding some used Reconyx cameras for sale. That was 6 years ago and they are still going strong. Their tagline of "see what you've been missing" is 100% accurate. I tested some of my old cameras (moultrie, stealth, scout, Uway, etc.) against the Reconyx and it wasn't a contest. Not sure why but the other cameras were just flat missing a significant amount of animals.
They aren't cheap, and I'm not sure if I would have ever bought them if it wasn't for finding them used, but I disagree about trail cameras being very close to the same quality. Plus they are very good on batteries and will go for months on one set (of course they use 12 AA batteries).
I have 2 Spypoints that are a few years old and I find the trigger speed a bit slow. If I were to buy new ones I would go with the Brownings.
2017 Browning Strike Force HD Pro. I have some of the previous versions and the new ones get great reviews. I've had bad luck with Wild Game Innovations and Stealth Cam but my Browning's are still going strong. I however don't like the black flash versions, infrared flash is the way to go. Reconyx are hands down the best cameras out there but they are 4-5 times more expensive.
The way trail cameras are today, if you can afford reconyx get them. Far and away the best. If you can't afford reconyx, go with Brownings. Everything else is junk.
"You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity." - Eddie Rickenbacker, WWI fighter pilot
I just bought a browning “strike force pro HD” just put it out two days ago and can’t wait to see how it works!!
Damn, I just got two Bushnell E3's in the mail. I might as well toss them in the trash right now. If only I had seen this earlier I could have saved myself the agony.
Bushnell Blackout HD. Incredible battery life. I am averages 3000 pics/or a 14 months of heat and cold with Lithium batteries. Takes 16 bateeries
If anyone is in the market for a cellular cam, I have a new in the box StealthCam GXW Wirelss. No service where I run cams so it is yours for $175 (sell for about $275) I also have a couple of cheaper cams and some card readers new in the box too... could make someone a heck of a deal.
I did hang 13 cams this morning, so hope to have some new pics and videos to share soon. Here are a couple of my favorites from last year. I REALLY like the video mode. Makes checking cams much more fun.
Hunttalk Forum | Hunttalk Radio | Fresh Tracks TV | Download Episodes | YouTube Channel | Store | Terms of Use | Privacy policy
Every holiday someone in the family makes these cookies, and if no one makes them we buy them from the Wyckoff Quality Bakery in Wyckoff, NJ.
If you look up linzer cookies or linzer tarts in a cookbook you’ll find two theories. The first is the classic linzer dough which is a shortbread type dough that uses filbert flour and ground walnuts. It’s a heavy dough that needs to be worked while cold or it will fall apart. This dough can be formed into tart pans and baked like a pie or rolled and cut into the cookie shape.
The second theory is a basic shortbread dough. This dough is a four ingredient dough. It’s versatile enough to double as a pie crust and cookie. My family favors the shortbread style. Here’s the recipe:
3/4 cup good quality raspberry preserves (admittedly I like to use wild blueberry preserves, so use whatever flavor you like best)
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix together the butter and sugar until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together the salt and flour, then add them to the butter and sugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for 20 minutes.
Roll the dough 1/4 inch thick and cut an even amount of shapes out of the dough. In half of the shapes cut a small piece out of the center. Place all the cookies on an ungreased baking sheet and chill for 15 minutes.
Bake the cookies for 12-15 minutes, until the edges begin to brown. Allow to cool to room temperature. Spread the preserves on the flat side of each solid cookie. Dust the tops of the cut-out cookies with confectioners’ sugar and press the sides together, with the preserves in the center and the powdered sugar on top.
When you think of beef stroganoff do visions of salty box mixes come to mind? Let’s end this misconception of a classic Hungarian dish. Beef stroganoff is actually very simple to make from scratch. I prefer to use beef that isn’t too expensive, like chuck, but Wegman’s had tri-tip on sale and I went for it.
Toss the beef in salt and pepper and sear in a hot pan until brown on all sides. Remove from pan and set aside. Add the butter to the pan and add in the onions and mushrooms. Scrape the bottom of the pan while stir the vegetables to release the brown bits. Add in the wine and stir until the liquid is evaporated. Add in the stock, rosemary and mustard. Add the beef back in and reduce the heat to medium. Let the beef cook and the liquid to reduce for 35-40 minutes or until the beef is tender. Meanwhile, cook the noodles. Drain the noodles and place in a serving bowl. When the beef is tender, cut off the heat and add in the cream. Season and toss to combine. Top the pasta and serve hot, garnish with rosemary.
Although not well known as a culinary giant, the food of Ireland is delicious. Simple and rustic, the traditional dishes of the emerald isle are perfect for entertaining. In the past week I’ve catered 2 events that wanted an Irish menu. One of the best things about Irish cooking is that there are lots of potatoes and everyone loves potatoes.Irish food has a great way of getting the most flavor out of basic ingredients. My Potato Leek soup is easily transformed into the traditional Irish soup, Colcannon, by adding bacon and cabbage. Lamb Stew is given a classy make-over by adding tri-tip and O’hara’s Irish Red Beer. And, while the Irish are big on desserts, an apple oatmeal crisp with whiskey anglaise pays tribute to the warm and sweet flavors celebrated in their beverage of choice.
The first even I did this week was a luncheon for the teacher’s at my mom’s school in Orlando. The menu was simple and classy and did not lack in flavor. Here’s what I served:
Mixed greens with tomatoes, cucumbers, fried onions and Irish cheddar, served with creamy herb dressing and roasted shallot vinaigrette
Apples baked with brown sugar, cinnamon, and oatmeal and topped with a creamy vanilla sauce infused with Irish whiskey
The event was really great. I love seeing the teacher’s so happy to have food. There were about 65 fed and I just made it with the food. I really thought that my numbers were right on the money, but I guess those teachers were hungry! Anyway, it the event went off without a hitch. Like I always say, the best events are when the food is gone and people are still talking about it. Next year’s event will have to be even better.
The second event I did was for a good friend in Harrisburg. They asked me to do a traditional Irish dinner for about 12 of their friends. Even though I have cooked Irish food for awhile, and I got a little bit of practice from the luncheon, I was nervous. I mean these people are Irish through and through. They’ve been to Ireland and they know when the food is right and when it’s just not. I was intimidated but I pressed on. Here’s the menu for the dinner party:
This menu is a little more intimate and fun. I could add more details since I didn’t have to do as much volume. Again everything was a big hit. Although my boxties were not quite what they were expecting. There’s a rhyme is in Irish folklore that says: “Boxtie on a griddle, boxtie in a pan, if you can not make a boxtie, you’ll never get a man.” Well, thank God I don’t live in ireland and thank God I’m already married, because my boxties just weren’t right. They tasted good, but they needed to be thinner, more like crepes than pancakes. Lesson learned…
Whenever I do cater jobs I get asked the same thing, can I have the recipe or are these kitchen secrets. Personally I think that a good chef has nothing to hide. I share all of my recipes. Although, I’m mid-book writing and some recipes will have stay mine for a little while longer 🙂
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Combine the apples with the white sugar, half of the cinnamon, 2 tablespoons of flour and the raisins. Put the apples in a baking dish. Combine the rest of the ingredients and top the apples. Bake for 30-35 minutes or until the edges are bubbly and the top is brown.
In a sauce pan, combine the milk and cream and heat until wisps of steam are visible. While you are waiting for the dairy to heat, wisk together the sugar and egg yolks. Whip until the yolks are thick and pale yellow. Add in the vanilla and whiskey. When the milk is hot, slowly add it into the egg mixture, wisking the whole time. Add everything back into the saucepan and stir gently until the anglaise thickens to the point that it coats the back of a spoon. Chill and serve over apple crisp.
When I was little, my mom used to make this dish that was great. At the time it seemed insignificant. It was a casserole. It wasn’t that it didn’t taste great, it was amazing, but I just couldn’t appreciate it at the time. When you’re a kid you just eat what’s given to you. A couple of night’s ago I was having dinner with my mom and we were talking about this dish. She told me that she used to make it it with chicken breast and cream of mushroom sauce and frozen peas.
I love you Mom, but I’m taking my own spin on this and making it from scratch. The other quirky thing about this recipe is that although this dish resembles chicken pot pie or chicken an dumplings, it’s neither, and it doesn’t have a name. It’s half Betty Crocker and half Diane B. Now, it’s part Katie and I guess it’s about time to name this dish. If you have any ideas let me know 🙂
In a hot pot, add the bacon fat and oil. Add in the chicken and cook until brown on the outside. remove the chicken from the pan and set aside. Add in the vegetables and cook until just starting to turn soft. Add in the flour and wisk into the vegetables. Slowly add in the thyme, wine and milk, wisking to combine. Allow to come to a boil and then add the chicken back into the pot. Season and then turn the heat off and arrange the biscuits on the top of the chicken mixture. Bake in the oven at 350 for 35-40 minutes or until the biscuits are fluffy and golden brown on top.
This is great for a cool night. It really hearty and has minimal clean up since it’s all in one pot. What’s not to love about this comforting, delicious meal?
St. Patrick’s Day is fast approaching. For one day the whole country will pretend they are Irish and drink Irish beer and eat Irish food. I don’t want to be the bearer of bad news, but green beer is not Irish and just because the menu says it’s made with Guinness doesn’t mean it’s traditional.
In our house growing up there was always one constant on St. Patrick’s Day, Irish Soda Bread. I’ve come to learn that in general soda bread is a quick bread. The recipe that has been based down to us is more of a giant scone, cést la vie.
Anyway, this recipe is my Great Aunt Millie’s recipe. She brought it over with her from the Emerald Isle and it still works today. However, I have found that by making 1/2 the recipe at a time the consistency of the dough is better and more workable. Here’s 1/2 the original recipe:
mix all the ingredients together and bake at 350 degrees for 35-45 minutes until the center has set and the edges are golden brown.
The bread is a great side for traditional Irish dinners like corned beef and cabbage, but makes an equally great breakfast. I make it year round and have found that it’s a great addition to tea parties, tailgates and brunches. It’s slightly sweet from the raisins and has a very pleasant texture. This recipe also has a nice amount of baking soda. I’ve had soda breads in the past that have too much baking soda or baking powder. How can you tell? Well, if a baked good has too much baking soda, it can taste like a chemical saltiness. If there is too much baking powder, you will be left with a strange fizzled filling on your tongue. Almost like carbonation.
I just earned a free play by playing #StarbucksSummerGame #ad starbuckssummergame.comStill hungry for more...	1 year ago
Want a personal stylist? @stitchfix is the best service I've used! Try it out: stitchfix.com/referral/76703…Still hungry for more...	2 years ago
In the past I’ve written about my serious love of mussels. I know I have at least one post on it, but I’m sure it’s been mentioned several times. Last night, we had a party that was the ultimate indulgence of mussels. A lot of our friends share in my love of this creature and we had been comparing recipes for sometime. I figured, enough talk, let’s throwdown.
It took a little finessing, but the final plan sounded like this. We would provide the mussels and everyone had to come with a sauce or ingredients to make their version of mussels with. There were no limits and no qualifications. It just had to taste good with mussels. I know there are thousands of ways to prepare these little buggers so I was pumped to see what everyone was bringing.
I made my version of moule frite. I did a quick steam in bacon fat, shallots, and prosecco and then garnished with crispy bacon, bleu cheese, and watercress. I did make french fries, complete with truffle oil but they were gone before the mussels were cooked (and that’s saying something.) Our friend Desiree went with a white wine butter sauce with red onion and parsley…
Our friends Lindsay and David went a non-traditional route and made grilled mussels with a sriracha and wine sauce. It was crazy amazing. I wanted to stop eating them, but I couldn’t.
I will apologize to our other friends who’s mussels are not pictured, but I was so busy eating my first round, I forgot to take pictures of the second round. Our friends, Vicki and Steve made the mussels from Bonefish. Not only were they fantastically full of garlic, the sauce was perfect for dipping. Greg and Margot made a Tuscan tomato based sauce that was also out of this world. I know that I’m gushing, and raving about everything, but it’s the truth. There was not a bad mussel to be had!
The best part about this party was that everyone got involved. There was some friendly competition and everyone wanted to impress. We had simple appetizers and free flowing wine and beer. There were lots of laughs and lots of eating. It’s been decided that it was so fun, that we are now going to do a monthly dinner where everyone prepares something. It never ceases to amaze me that food brings people together, and when it’s made with care and passion.
Tags: blue cheese, cooking, entertaining, friends, moule frite, mussels, Parties, recipe testing, recipes, seafood, sriracha
I love simple, clean entertaining. Our friends were due to arrive around 7:30 which put the party in the dinner hour. If you are having a cheese party a little later, say around 8:30 or earlier, for cocktails, you could omit the rest of the menu, but I wanted to make sure there was enough to eat and that there were plenty of accompaniments for the cheeses.
Cheese Tray: (clockwise from the top) Mahon, piccoline olives, cave aged gruyere, danish blue, feta with honey and cinnamon, and cabrales
Yes, I realize that it might look a little intimidating, but actually it’s just a lot of fancy words for simple things. Let me explain.
The cheeses are kind of an odd combination. While my intent was to do all Spanish cheeses, I had a few in the fridge that I wanted to use up, and I picked up a few that I love without consideration for the theme. So here I was, with a mismatched combination, but it wound up working out fine. As for what the cheeses are; Mahon is a spanish cow’s milk cheese. It’s a washed-rind cheese that is washed with either olive oil or butter that is combined with a little bit of paprika for color. It tasted like an aged cheddar. It is slightly nutty and fruity with a salty bite and bit of grana (the salt crystals that combine with proteins to form crunchy bits in aged cheese.) Piccoline olive are small green olives from France that are a very fruity and pleasantly briny. Danish blue is a well known medium intensity blue that is mainly used as an ingredient. Cave Aged Gruyere is a Swiss style cheese made is France. It is nutty and fragrant. It has that wonderful tanginess that swiss cheeses bring to a party, but with a more mature finish. The feta is a French feta that is less briny than Greek fetas. Combined with cinnamon and honey, the cheese sings. It’s complimented well by the grapes and a few wheat crackers. Finally, the cabrales. Perhaps the most intense of the Spanish blues, cabrales is a cave-aged blue that can clear your sinuses if you’re not careful. While pungent, it still has a lovely smell that reminds me of Muscat grapes and honey. It can be mellowed with marcona almonds and honey.
The charcuterie plate is a fancy way of saying meats. With the exception of the duck prosciutto, the meats came from the deli counter. The duck is a specialty item that was well worth the trip to the Philadelphia Italian market. Fatty, and rich without the overly chewy quality that pork prosciutto can sometimes have.
The Caprese bruschetta was simple toasted crostini with mozzarella, fresh tomatoes, basil, and a balsamic reduction. Oh, and salt and pepper of course. I have to say they were a big hit because I only got one.
The Apple Crostata is a free form apple tart. I made my own crust, but you could absolutely use a frozen pie dough. Just peel and slice 2 apples, and toss with sugar and cinnamon. Lay the pie dough on a cookie sheet and pile the apples in the center leaving 2-3 inches around the side. Fold the edges in, pleating as needed. Brush the top of the dough with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 40 minutes or until the crust is golden brown. Serve at room temperature. To make the chantilly cream, whip heavy cream until soft peaks form, add in 1/2 cup of powdered sugar and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract and whip until stiff peaks form. Serve on the side of the cooled crostata.
Next time you entertain, keep this simple menu in mind. Everything can be prepared within an hour and the best part, it can also be cleaned up in about 15 minutes!
Tags: blue cheese, bruschetta, caprese salad, cheese, cheese plate, entertaining, feta, gruyere, mahon, olives, Parties
My honey was hungry and always wanting to try something new, I thought, hey how about a quick pasta recipe. One of Ryan’s favorite dinners is pasta carbonara. Although delicious, it’s pretty heavy and I’ve been eating, I mean baking, cookies all day.
So here’s what I came up with. Penne alla Ryan. It’s penne pasta with a quick combo of cubed hame, peas, shallots, and a blue cheese cream sauce. As with a lot of my posting, there is not really a recipe here. It’s more or less a combination of ingredients that suits your liking. Here’s what’s in there:
about a 1/2 cup of peas, plus 2 tablespoons for garnishing (I used the steamfresh bag from Birdseye)
Now if you don’t fret, but if you do, it adds a lovely richness to the dish. The final product was not too saucy or too thick, as carbonara can sometimes be. I know you can’t really call this carbonara since there are no eggs in the recipe, but it did have that rich, salty, umami satisfaction that you get from eating carbonara. It was an interesting paradox that was both rich and light, salty but sweet from the peas, and creamy but not fatty.
Oh and literally, it too 8 minutes to make. I’m not kidding or exaggerating. I know I move quickly in the kitchen, but everything for the sauce was just thrown into a sauté pan and warmed through while the pasta cooked. Actually, the sauce was finished before the pasta was! If you don’t have pre-cooked ham, use chicken or steak or whatever you have on hand. This one will definitely go into the rotation.
Главная » Каталог » Грузоподъемное оборудование » Тали ручные » Тали ручные шестеренные Euro-Lift » Таль ручная шестеренная Euro-Lift ТВ15
He was love at first sight when I found him and I knew I had to have him done as a very unique piece...
He is the "Sadeek" resin by Vicki Keeling that was turned by her into a one-of-a-kind (he has an exposed gland) and got his own custom made walnut base on which he can be displayed if desired, since he also stands without...
The wonderful Jennifer Danza pastelled him into this stunning and lavish liver chestnut sabino with delicate dappling here and there... he has incredible detail and rich, vibrant color...
Liz Shaw of Australia created the orange Bedouin style presentation set for him around 2003... it fits him so well and shows his regal beauty...
Mr. Bashir Bserani himself has helped me name him when I got him... I have always adored the Anubis deity and wanted to call this beautiful stallion "Kiss of Anubis"... Mr. Bserani indicated the correct Arabic form to me and thus, Qublat Anubis was born...
Anubis is an incredibly well mannered and experienced stallion... he knows what he is and what is expected from him... he gives us much affection and makes us very proud... it is an honor to own this gem of a creature of God and to get even more treasures in the form of his foals...
Anubis is extremely docile and gentle... he is a gentleman through and through and full of grace and nobility, yet with a modest character...
He is the perfect sire for you, if you are looking for a beautiful, elegant and classic Asil Arabian...
Anubis is a very sought after sire... he sired several beautiful foals for MirrorManor and also for breeders in Sweden, Italy and Canada.
Depending on the dam, he passes more or less sabino, and some with barely any expressed. All of his progeny does carry his Asil traits and refined classic features...
Presently he is available to purebred Arabian mares only. Please contact us to book this exceptional gem as your next sire !
i've been pressing on to complete a lot of items for the two craft booths i'm preparing this month. yesterday was the sugarplum holiday fair, and now that it's over, i am excited to share what i've learned.
it can be intimidating to put together a booth if you've never done it before. this was my fifth craft booth, so i'm certainly not an expert, but i'm learning as i go, and finding this process really fun. this is what works for me - which may not work at all for someone else. it really depends on how you want to display your items, how large, heavy, fragile or numerous your items are, and your own aesthetic.
for me, i want to use as few items as possible. i drive a camry. i need everything to fit in my car. i want tables to be lightweight and easily portable. i prefer to exhibit indoors (though i **love** to visit outdoor fairs) so i haven't needed to buy a canopy.
this year, in a 10 x 10 booth space, i used one standard-sized square coffee table, and two 20" x48" tables by cosco. i could have possibly used another cosco table if i had one. i chose an L shaped arrangement for the tables...mostly because i was positioned right in front of the restrooms and didn't want to block access.
i brought my belongings in unfinished wood crates. one crate doubled as a display shelf, and the other became area to keep bags and behind-the-scenes items that aren't visible behind the booth. i also brought an ikea bag filled with a few display pieces, swiffer cloths and cleaning wipes (because you never know), and a plastic container that held some smaller items. i also brought some additional materials for creating signs and price tags (kraft paper, paper punch, sharpies, number stamps, stamp pad, washi tape), small plastic bags and brown paper bags.
this is the first year i've displayed earrings, and my challenge for the past few weeks was figuring out how i would display them. i had visited a few shows where people used purchased black velvet-ish earring holders for each pair, and shows where people used purchased earring holders, with each earring attached to a separate hole in the rack. neither of those options sounded right for me. i wanted the customer to be able to pick up a pair of earrings without having to take them apart from a rack, and i wanted the earring holders to match the rest of my booth's aesthetic (and i didn't want to pay a lot for any of these things). i liked the idea of using framed chicken wire or a frame with stretched ribbon and hooks or clothespins, but the volume of earrings i'd made didn't seem to fit either of those options.
1. i made my own earring holders using kraft cardstock, a hexagonal paper punch, and two sizes of hole punches.
2. i elevated an unframed, cardboard-backed corkboard on a frame stand, and pierced sixty pins through it.
3. i used a three-tiered stand that i already owned, bought 4 packs of 8 picture hanging hooks for 88 cents each, bent them around the top two tiers, and put the stand on a turntable. (then, because this piece was also magnetic, i attached magnets to it in lieu of bringing a magnet board this year.)
there are some things i could have done differently. i could have chosen a different table configuration, as the display could have been somewhat hidden from one walking direction. i could have chosen tablecloths for all tables, but made the last minute decision against them. i could have used more shelves, or an additional table. but i received compliments on the earring displays, and loved the comments from little girls, including, "Ooh! Shiny Things!" and "This is fabulous!"
Oooh Julie, I love your work! Your booth is really inviting and colourful. Glad to you hear you had a good time.
Lovely layout! Lots of color makes it so eye catching. Hope you had a successful day yesterday - I'm sure you did with this awesome layout.
ARCHIVE January 2016 (1) August 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (5) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (3) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (9) January 2012 (11) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (8) October 2011 (15) September 2011 (10) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (11) May 2011 (10) April 2011 (5) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (6) November 2010 (3) October 2010 (7) September 2010 (2) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (4) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (7) March 2010 (12) February 2010 (8) January 2010 (9) December 2009 (11) November 2009 (12) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (7) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (6) April 2009 (5) March 2009 (12) February 2009 (10) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (4) November 2008 (6) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (2)
In this short post, the effect of numerical scheme on convection term is investigated. The following problem is considered. More information about this problem can be found in Introduction to Computational Fluid Dynamics [1].
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 June 2017 April 2017 February 2017
You are in the right place, if you are looking for an OpenFOAM expert to advise or accomplish CFD projects.
Code of Ethics: Puerto Banús Spain, Marbella Spain, Malaga Spain, Algeciras Spain, Estepona Spain, Almeria Spain, Gtanada Spain, Seville Spain, Cordoba Spain
The way she deported herself, it almost seemed elitist It’s because she had that sugar, and I’m not talking about diabetes She had a certain ‘something-something’ accented by her feminine wiles That gets into my mind … and oft times beguiles Riling me to the point of lustful conventions to take her where she was […]
On my way to class the star basketball player approaches me. He strikes up some small talk and then asks, “What are you doing tonight?” “Just studying.. what about you?” “You.” “Excuse me?” “I’m doing you tonight.” “I think you have me confused for someone else.” “Not hardly. There’s something erotic about you and I […]
When we first meet, we break ground on the foundation. Every question, every look, every desire to touch moves the earth and preps the spot we will build together. Conversations frame our space and further joints our journey. Caution is needed as the construction progresses slowly. One cannot be asked to live in a house […]
Today is MUCH better day. Last night I skipped the two medications that I think have been giving me the most trouble with depression. They’re both fairly new and aren’t supposed to have huge withdrawal side effects. I have a doctor’s appointment today so I’ll talk about this week and see what they think. The […]
2149 supplements exposed the truth they dont want you to know about vitamins minerals and their effects on your health DOC
2154 hm reading practice book levels 11 12 houghton mifflin reading a legacy of literacy by houghton mifflin company editor 1 apr 2000 paperback DOC
2186 another chance to be real attachment and object relations treatment of borderline personality disorder DOC
2191 super shred diet recipes 50 delicious recipes to shred fat fast chicken beef seafood lamb and vegetable DOC
2221 the best short stories of edgar allan poe illustrated by harry clarke with an introduction by edmund clarence stedman DOC
2227 forex technical analysis unreal bizarre secrets and little known weird but profitable tricks to millionaire with forex technical analysis bust the losing cycle live anywhere join the new rich DOC
2239 brookscole empowerment series understanding human behavior and the social environment human behavior in the social environment DOC
2260 crime scene photography second edition 2nd second edition by robinson edward m published by academic press 2010 DOC
2281 ladies of the canyons a league of extraordinary women and their adventures in the american southwest DOC
2300 interactive notebooks and english language learners how to scaffold content for academic success DOC
2307 winning the study game guide for resource specialists a systematic program for teaching middle school and high school special education students and problem solving skills for grade 6 11 DOC
2311 candida cure simplified candida symptoms explained and how to cure candida in 90 days with diet and natural treatments DOC
If Rylee gray performs college volleyball with the equal skill she will preserve a secret, she’s on course to be an All-American.
The Elkhorn South sophomore-to-be printed to household that she dedicated to Nebraska on Tuesday. however she didn’t make it public unless Saturday.
grey informed everyone gathered at Johnson Lake near idn poker Lexington that she had an announcement.
Cousins squealed, aunts and uncles cheered, grandparents cried and gray grinned after she opened a box that contained a big chocolate chip cookie frosted like a volleyball with an N within the middle.
folks Scott and Deb and more youthful sister Skylar were in on the shock before Rylee referred to as Nebraska instruct John prepare dinner on June 28 to share her choice.
though she acquired the scholarship present a 12 months ago at a Husker camp, gray wanted to analyze her options.
“I always thought it could simply come to me and i didn’t are looking to rush the rest,” gray mentioned. “but I additionally didn’t want to wait so lengthy that nobody would give me a scholarship as a result of that they had women dedicated there.”
all over the ensuing twelve months, gray got letters and offers from across the country before narrowing her final list to two: Nebraska and Stanford.
“i needed to head to a college widespread for winning volleyball,” gray noted. “Nebraska and Stanford have won the closing three national championships, they’ve typically been a hit in volleyball and that they have notable tutorial classes.
gray additionally observed the 62-year-old prepare dinner advised her he would stay Husker train through her senior season in 2024.
After her membership group, Nebraska Elite 15 Revolution, finished 2nd in the open division of the AAU national tournament in Orlando, Florida, ultimate month, gray said she started focusing extra on her faculty alternative. She desired to make her resolution in the 2018-19 college 12 months, however wasn’t sure when the moment could be correct.
“After nationals, and the way first rate we did, it just came to me,” gray said. “i thought about it lots after nationals, where i wanted to go and what I valued most.
“family was the good one, to have individuals who’ve supported me the entire method come and watch me. because I wouldn’t be right here devoid of them.”
gray hit .439 her freshman season. She had 308 kills, averaging 2.7 per set while leading Elkhorn South via its first season within the Metro convention. The Storm comprehensive 26-14 and made it to the semifinals of the category B state tournament.
She additionally performed basketball and competed within the high soar and discus. Elkhorn South received its first-circular state basketball video game in March before losing to eventual champion Elkhorn within the semifinals.
When asked if she would reside at Elkhorn South her entire senior 12 months and never graduate at semester, gray didn’t hesitate. She talked about she deliberate to stay and graduate within the spring.
completing her final basketball and music and box seasons are part of the excessive faculty journey she doesn’t want to pass over.
Posted on July 10, 2018 Categories idn pokerTags idn pokerLeave a comment on Elkhorn South sophomore Rylee grey picks family unit by way of committing to Nebraska volleyball
So a few days ago Katrina @ Chased By My Imagination nominated me for a Liebster Blog Award. The Award is designed as an opportunity for smaller blogs to get some love and recognition, and I was very happy to have been nominated!
Ask 11 new questions to 9 bloggers with less than 200 followers. You cannot re-nominate the blog that nominated you.
1) I love books, films and theatre. A career involving any of these, or all three would be my dream job.
2) I remember lyrics and quotes much more easily than facts- I even used to make up songs to help me remember stuff for exams!
5) I have always loved reading, one of my earliest memories is staying up way past my bedtime reading Enid Blyton's Famous Five books.
7) I have a degree in my two favourite subjects: English and History. Blogging is a way for me to keep my mind sharp and gives me an excuse to ramble about what interests me most.
11) I am a very untidy person. This is possibly why my blog is so simple- I need some kind of order in my life!
I love this question! After a lot of thought the obvious answer to me is Elizabeth Bennett in Pride and Prejudice. I love the regency outfits, and who doesn't want their very own Mr Darcy? My sister is actually named after her too.
Definitely Italy! My dream is to one day do a road trip of the entire country; Venice, Tuscany, Naples, Verona... it's all so beautiful and Italian food is amazing!
Accidentally already answered this haha. Anything Italian, pasta, pizza, ice cream, it's all scrummy!
A lot of the fancy html stuff is beyond me, but I like the simplicity of my blog so I'm not troubled by it.
This is a tricky question! In terms of historical fiction I love Elizabeth Chadwick's novels. Studying English has also given me a love for the great F. Scott Fitzgerald.
We live on a farm and have way too many cats (but I adore them all)! We also have a gorgeous Border Collie dog. I couldn't live without animals.
Reading (obviously) and walking; living in the countryside gives me plenty of places to go! I'm also doing a couple of online courses with FutureLearn (anyone with time on your hands I'd advise you to check it out - it's free!)
I LOVE films! My favourites include A Knight's Tale and Shakespeare in Love, but I also love a good rom-com and can pretty much talk along with Bridget Jones' Diary I've seen it so many times. I'm also a massive James Bond fan and I adore musicals so yeah my taste is pretty varied!
When I started blogging. I've always been really shy and protective of my writing (I hated people reading my uni work) but I'm so glad that I did it!
A Farmer! Until I get that dream job working with books all day every day I'm a farm hand for my dad, and I love it :)
Like you, I get way too emotionally invested in TV shows, especially pairings I fervently ship. Whenever the writers take the storyline/pairings in a direction I did not like, I feel like I've been personally betrayed. Is that weird?
I love these answers! Elizabeth Bennett is a great character to choose, Pride and Prejudice is one of my favourite books! I am totally with you on the Italian food thing, I don't really like pizza but if I could live on pasta for the rest of my life, I would. Also, HTML stuff is a bit beyond me too, I'm trying to learn how to do it all and finding it a little complicated haha!
Hi Vicki! Thank you so much for the nomination! I love participating in this and I just want to say how much fun it was. I’m stopped by to tell you that I have nominated you for the Working to change the World award! You can read more HERE! If you do not want to participate or have already participated in the past then just let me say that I really enjoy you blog and I hope you’re having a great day.
Thank you for the nomination! I am going to get this up on the blog tomorrow! (Sorry it took me so long!) I really appreciate the nomination! :]
London 1945. A young war widow steps aboard a train in search of a new life. Clutching the key to a mysterious inheritance, Vanessa Kingcourt can no longer resist the pull of the old Farren Theatre - an enchanted place seeped in memories of her actor father.
Now owned by troubled former captain Alistair Redenhall, The Farren is in need of a Wardrobe Mistress and a new lease of life. With no experience and no budget for supplies, Vanessa must use her intuition to create beautiful costumes from whatever scraps of silk and thread survived the blitz. It's a seemingly impossible task, but a welcome distraction as she struggles to resist her blossoming feelings for Alistair.
What Vanessa discovers could unravel family secrets sewn deep into the very fabric of the London theatre scene . . . but will she repeat the same terrible mistakes her father made? And can she dare to love a man who will ne…
High on a hill in the Tuscan countryside stands a castle of golden stone, home to Patricia O’Hara’s writers’ retreat – a serene hideaway where you can polish your prose by the pool, gain inspiration from your peers and eat the best melanzane in Italy, courtesy of chef Aldo. But, while the splendour of their surroundings never fails to wow the guests, huge maintenance bills and bad news from the bank threaten to close Patricia down. It’s make or break time for the Castello de Luna.
This August each of her seven aspiring authors arrives with emotional baggage alongside their manuscripts. But something is different. It may be just the prosecco, but soon lifelong spinster Mary is riding on the back of Aldo’s Vespa, and smouldering odd-job man Fabio has set more than one heart racing.
As temperatures rise, the writers gossip, flirt and gently polish their prose by the pool. But with some unexpected visitors …
Cesca Shakespeare has hit rock bottom. Six years after the play she wrote bombed at the box office, she’s unable to hold down a job, keep an apartment, and worst of all her family have no idea how far she’s fallen. So when her fairy Godfather offers her the use of his friend’s Italian villa for the summer, she grudgingly agrees to try writing a new play. That’s before she finds out the house belongs to her arch-nemesis, Sam Carlton.
When Hollywood heart-throb Sam Carlton sees his name splashed across a gossip rag, all he wants to do is hide. That’s how he finds himself travelling to Italy, deciding to spend the summer in his family’s empty villa on Lake Como. Except when he arrives it isn’t as empty as he’d hoped.Over the course of the hot Italian summer, Cesca and Sam have to come to terms with their pasts. What begins as a tentative friendship quickly grows into an intense attraction – and then a scorching fling. But they can’t hide from reality forever . . . as their different worl…
take me back Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
Select Category everyday life things we love! must have of the day share ARTsy wednesday mama fashion small style photo challenges according to my phone around here the 52 project a garden update
Besides climbing shoes, you will also need to use other mountain climbing gear such as gloves, ropes, harnesses, belay devices, racks, karabiners, helmets as well as axes, ATC and headlamps as well as many more items which you will probably choose according to your needs. Obviously, you will also want...
Always take one or two extra layers with you especially if it is cold. You can put on or take off layers according to how hard you are hiking and it’s always good to have some warm fleece to put on when you stop for your breaks. Keep your head...
An indoor rock climbing wall can serve two purposes which are that it provides an opportunity to do strenuous physical exercises and at the same time it helps climbers to hone their skills as well as become more confidence as also gets to learn how to coordinate movements in order...
Boy, did he look cute heading down the trail with his little backpack! We had a couple of routes on our list to check out but it became clear fairly quickly that our first choice wouldnt work. A climb called Three Pines was as gentle as we remembered, but the...
There is no better way to escape the pressure and pace of the modern world than a backpacking trip. Backpacking is perhaps the best way to really connect with nature and let the wonderment of the natural world enrich your life. Backpacking gear can also be rented for any outdoor...
The Best Deals Will Come From the Most Unusual Places, When my girls one day came running through the main gate, they were carrying a miniature garden chair with them. This was a splendidly designed camping chair. On finding out from where they got it, I went to check the...
So, one bright sunny day in early Autumn, we rented a car, dragged the gear out of the closet, packed the pack and, after a quick stop at Zabars to grab some supplies for lunch, headed upstate to the Shawangunk Mountains, known as \"the Gunks.\" Our first pre-climb drive with...
The bottom line is that if you want to safely climb rock climbing walls, choose an indoor rock climbing facility which will offer you plenty of opportunities to improve your skills while at the same time not put you under any undue risk as would be the case if you...
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Estetica website that is not Estetica’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Estetica claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Take a pack with all the essentials for being well prepared in the wilderness. Put everything that needs to stay dry in re-seal-able plastic bags and take a small towel with you for wiping your face dry when you stop for breaks Don’t use rain as an excuse for not...
Hiking is such a great fitness activity and it gets you outdoors in the fresh air. Anyone can do it and you don’t have to fight traffic or breathe in the smog, and it’s free! Some people like to work out indoors in a fitness gym when it rains but...
On the other hand, those who advocate this form of rock climbing claim that it is the only way that rock climbers can perform their sport all through the year and so, despite adverse weather conditions one can still climb a rock and fulfill ones desire regardless of the circumstances....
Hiking the mile or so trail back to the car is always a pleasant end to the day: passing other climbers and hikers, trading brief stories about the climbs of the day, and chatting with old friends. Our little guy is shy. He has a difficult time meeting strangers and...
Similarly, all you have to do is search. You must look in all paces to find whereabouts of these types of chairs. There is of course the internet; just running a geography-specific search will get you the details of all the dealers in the area. When you decide on a...
New And Emerging Sport, Today, indoor rock climbing is a new and emerging sport that is attracting huge interest from rock climbers. In essence, indoor rock climbing is performed on a simulated rock climbing wall that is normally located in indoor gyms and its main aim is to provide rock...
Film critics generally agree these are two of the best films ever made — certainly in the mystery genre. The American Film Institute ranks Laura fourth in best all-time mystery movies. Vertigo is ranked number one. Laura, released in 1944, starred Gene Tierney, (no relation), one of the great, talented beauties of the era. Vertigo, released in 1958, starred Kim Novak, no doubt one of the most beautiful and most box office pleasing movie stars of hers. Both actresses portray illusive, mysterious women, pursued by investigators who fall in love with what is little more than an aura. Unlike standard noir, which Laura seems kin to and the usual Hitchcock approach to suspense, these have an added romantic dimension.
Last October, I listed my top nine crime films — a set of criteria that makes it different from “mystery” movies. If the list had just one slot more, Laura would have been on it. And if I had a vote on anyone’s list, I’d rank Laura higher than Vertigo. The film is based on the book of the same name by Vera Caspary Laura and was nominated for several Academy Awards, winning one for Best Black and White Cinematography. The film was directed by Otto Preminger and has a solid cast. In addition to Tierney as the title character, Dana Andrews plays the police investigator called in to solve Laura’s death, Vincent Price portrays her playboy lover and the incomparable Clifton Webb (nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor) plays her mentor. As the story begins we learn that the beautiful Laura has been found dead in her home, shot in the face with a shotgun. Andrews, as an NYC homicide detective, after seeing a portrait of the victim and finding out about her life, slowly falls in love with her. This is a pure mystery. We only know what the investigator knows and we can, in who-dunnit fashion, try to figure out who did it before he does. Though suspenseful, there is considerable wit and humor as well, thanks largely to Webb’s impeccable performance as Waldo Lydecker.
While Andrews becomes entranced with Tierney in Laura, former cop Jimmy Stewart becomes absolutely obsessed with Kim Novak in Vertigo, all the while dealing with guilt over the death of his partner and his increasingly paralyzing fear of heights. Though many film experts claim this is Alfred Hitchcock’s most accomplished film, Hitchcock himself didn’t care for it at the time of its release. In my mind Vertigo is not nearly as good as the more grounded Dial M For Murder. On the other hand it is far better than The Birds and it is a Hitchcock film. What makes it worthwhile for me are Novak, Jimmy Stewart and the rich, San Francisco setting. The film was based on D’entre Les Morts, a novel (The Living And The Dead) by French authors Pierre Boileau and Thomas Narcejac. According to the ever-helpful Wikipedia, Hitchcock had originally wanted to buy the rights to another novel by the French duo, which was later made into Les Diaboliques.
As far as accompanying libations, if you watch Vertigo first, maybe a dry red wine and then a switch to a nice dessert wine for Laura.
P.S. The New Yorker’s film critic Anthony Lane dabbles in film pairings in the January 2, 2012 issue of The New Yorker. He too picked Laura to exalt. But he paired it with Rebecca. Laura is playing now at the Film forum in NYC, he said.
In all the mysteries I’ve written, only two of the characters are real. Some are an amalgam of people; but usually even if I intend to steal the soul of a living being as grist for the mill, the characters take over and, in the end, they possess only the slightest traces of the original DNA.
The two who are real appear in the Shanahan mysteries. Einstein the cat, whom I’ve mentioned before and Casey, the dog. Neither of them solves murders, nor do they talk. They do not engage in super heroics. They are who they are. They keep the old private eye company. (And he is not me — I am not him?.) I mentioned Einstein in an earlier post along with his alleged murderous past. This post, though, is about Casey, who has been in all ten Shanahan mystery novels. Everything I’ve ever said about him is, or could easily be, true.
Casey and I became close friends and housemates. We got along very well after an initial period of adjustment. He arrived one early spring morning. It was Saint Patrick’s Day. The strange, not quite fully–grown, spotted and flecked dog sat in a patch of sun on my lawn. A good friend had arrived days earlier to spend the summer at my place to rest from his world travels and create art. We noticed the dog as we left to pick up some groceries, figuring he belonged to someone in the neighborhood and that he would have moved on by the time we came back. We were gone a couple of hours. He was still there when we returned. And he was still there as the afternoon rolled into evening and the spot of sun where he rested was gone.
We approached to make sure he was all right. He looked up calmly as if he was expecting us. All he had to do was wait and we would come around.
“I’ll get him some water,” my friend said. The dog, incidentally without a collar or tags, was all right. He was alert and friendly. He followed us through the gate into the inner yard. That, of course, was the beginning of the occupation — a sort of houseguest who never left, who never intended to leave. The dog, later named Casey, had determined — probably well before we did — that he was home.
His meeting with Einstein, who had been with me at least ten years by then, wasn’t as bad as it could have been. After the cat provided a few uppercuts to the curious dog’s jaw, Casey gave Einstein the respect and distance the cat thought was appropriate. As the days progressed, it was clear that the dog was house-trained and that he was an incredible infielder, snagging rough hops of the tennis ball with incredible ease and bringing the ball back to me again and again, for as long as I cared to throw it.
I took him to the vet, where he was given various shots and a good health report. What kind of dog was he, I asked the vet. “Some kind of hound, I’d guess,” he said. There was a hunting dog look to him. A Blue Tick Hound, I thought, but Casey seemed stouter and sturdier. His ears were shorter. His coloring was also puzzling. He didn’t just have spots, but big patches of color and tiny flecks all in brown-gold, black, gray, and white, all irregularly placed on his 65-pound frame. The idea that he was a hound mix seemed right. I found out he howled like a hound when sirens were near. With the proper coaxing he and I would sing a duet. It was the Casey who had to be coaxed. There was no “America’s Got Talent” then. Otherwise we would have been that homely couple singing “Fly Me to the Moon.”
What isn’t always understood by those who live without a close relationship to other species is that we humans are not the only beings with complicated natures. At the other extreme, my older brother believes that animals are superior to humans. I disagree. I pretty much think that we are all equal. That doesn’t mean we are the same. I cannot discern thousands of different smells and even if I could I doubt if I could make sense of them. I can’t catch a tennis ball in my mouth. On the other hand, I can open a can of dog food. Opposable thumbs. And while this may disturb dog lovers, in truth I’ve met dogs I don’t like, just as I’ve met humans I could do without. And there are dogs and humans here and there who have taken an immediate dislike to me.
He had a sense of humor. Many times he would hang around while I dressed in the morning. And quite often, waiting until I was balancing on one leg to put my pants on, he would give me a forceful nudge. I swear I could see him smile as I toppled.
He hated baths. I would have to pick him up, his back to my chest and my arms wrapped around his chest. As we approached the bathroom doorway, he would push his legs straight out, paws on the doorframe, preventing me from getting him through. I eventually won the struggle. Afterward, he seemed to appreciate it.
He was jealous. Attempting to nudge Einstein off my lap usually met with severe resistance from the cat. That didn’t keep him from trying. And I was not permitted to pet other dogs. If I did I put their health and safety in jeopardy.
He was also sneaky. In the early days, not wanting to keep him all cramped up inside during the summer while I was at work, I’d leave him outside during the daylight hours. He always had water and there were plenty of trees to get shade or shelter. I thought I was doing him a favor. I had no idea how big a favor it was.
One day I got a call at work. It was from the vet. Casey was seen racing around on the Butler University campus a few blocks away from where we lived. Someone had taken the trouble to retrieve the doctor’s number from the dog tags and reported Casey’s no doubt carefree excursion. I excused myself from work and drove to Butler. I spent hours trying to find Casey, driving around the neighborhood. No luck. When I got back to the house, there was Casey, inside the fence, wagging his tail enthusiastically, welcoming me home just as he always did. The gate was shut. All was normal.
What I didn’t know was that Casey was a climber. He climbed the fence every day after I left for work, wandered around the neighborhood, and returned home before I did, always showing his happiness at my arrival.
Casey and Einstein moved to San Francisco with me. We moved into a small apartment. Casey’s wandering days were over. It wasn’t just the adjustment to urban living. He was getting older. Even before we moved, the green, smelly tennis ball — one he could find in a blizzard — had lost its allure. Now, as a city dweller, taking Casey for a walk became a regular routine. One day we passed a man sitting out on the steps in front of his house.
“You got yourself a Catahoula,” the man said. He had an accent that I couldn’t identify. It sounded like a cross between Brooklyn and the Deep South.
I nodded and Casey and I kept walking. I was pretty sure the man was about to spin a tall and perhaps long tale about cats and hulas. Usually I listen, but I must have been in a hurry. I moved on.
The name “Catahoula” stuck in my brain. I still suspected it was a joke, but during a trip to the bookstore I came across a huge book about dogs. It boasted that it was the most comprehensive book of breeds ever published. I thumbed through it. And there was Casey. A Catahoula, also called a “leopard dog.” The breed, as it turns out, is the state dog of Louisiana.
Casey never lorded his newly found proper breeding over me. He remained humble. If he had ever been too uppity, I would have reminded him that he was a “cur” after all, not even a hound. But the Catahoula was recognized as a breed, one favored as a hunting companion by Jim Bowie, who lived in Louisiana’s Catahoula Parish, and Teddy Roosevelt, when he went after wild boar. The point is that Casey and I remained great friends throughout our ten years plus of living together. Our worlds overlapped easily. Though, it was obvious to me that from time to time, Casey lived in a world very different from mine, or any human’s. I doubt if we’ll ever know exactly what that world is like.
However there is a book I’d like to recommend to dog lovers. Author Alexandra Horowitz wrote a fantastic attempt at knowing: Inside Of A Dog, What Dogs See, Smell and Know. It’s well worth reading if you want to know more about your dog’s mind.
PHOTO CAPTIONS: (top) Casey the Catahoula in front of the house he chose to live in. (bottom) A highly recommended book about the mind of dogs
A couple of Sundays ago there were three letters criticizing a bio of Kurt Vonnegut in The New York Times book section. Christopher Buckley, son of William, but a bonafide conservative wit in his own right, is accused of mischaracterizing Vonnegut’s often-repeated phrase “And so it goes.” Buckley’s take was that Vonnegut meant it as a form of “apathetic shrug.” Instead, a letter writer said, it was the fatalistic admission of the “randomness of death.” That we can do nothing about it doesn’t mean we don’t care.
One of the other criticisms of the review (not the book but the review of it) was that Buckley categorized some of Vonnegut’s books as “sci-fi (esque).” The letter writer took offense, suggesting that this description perpetuates the erroneous notion that because Vonnegut is regarded highly in many literary circles, he couldn’t possibly have written a lowly science fiction novel, only a book with science fiction overtones.
Having read a lot of Vonnegut, I think Buckley was wrong about the apathy question. Very wrong. Anyone who read Slaughterhouse Five would understand that Vonnegut wrote with deep compassion. Having read (and enjoyed) Christopher Buckley’s writing, which intended or not, seems to take root from a position in the privileged class, I would infer that he was projecting his own feelings. But isn’t that what we do when we read books? Each reader has a different relationship with the writer, interpreting those words on paper in different ways. The reader fills in the gaps. Each of us sees the rooms that the characters pass through very differently. We might miss the sarcasm in a bit of dialogue. We might interpret motives differently. It is, in a way, the beauty of reading and writing fiction. The act of reading (whether on paper or screen) is a highly interactive and very intimate experience. Though, I know from comments and reviews that readers of my books don’t always see what I intended them to see. That is not a reader failure, of course. If there is blame to be attributed, it is on me. That is the nature of the reader/writer relationship and, I believe, it will always be so.
Buckley’s other comment, apparently attempting to flatter Vonnegut by saving him from any embarrassing accusations that he might be a “mere” science fiction writer, is also a result of a class system — this time in the landed gentry in the “literary” hierarchy. Vonnegut grew up in Indianapolis. Though he was not born in a poor or uneducated household, he wouldn’t have been too concerned about being a member of one of the “right” families. In fact, the whole idea of proper ancestry in a city like his (and mine) was not much of a consideration culturally, certainly not in the same way as the Brahmans of the East considered “breeding.” It is also doubtful that this former soldier (prisoner of war) and journalist looked at literature as having higher and lower forms, determined by genre. I seriously doubt if he would want Buckley coming to his defense over Cat’s Cradle or any other book by claiming it was “sci-fi-esque."
Once, listening to a talk show about current events, one talking head suggested to the others that a certain subject wasn’t a concern for the American people. How did she come to that conclusion, she was asked. “No one’s talking about it at the dinner parties.” And so it goes.
Standard American private eye requirements: Down and out, hard drinker, personal demons, undisciplined pursuit of the truth. Unexpected nobility of purpose, maybe. Meet John Rosow of The Missing Person and Harry Angel of Angel Heart. They both meet the requirements. There are other similarities in the films. Both private detectives are hired by mysterious clients to deal with missing people. And, as each film develops, it becomes clear that they might not want to do what they were hired to do.
The Missing Person (2009), starring a rock-faced Michael Shannon as a dissolute P.I., is a stunningly moody, artful film, heavy on style, but pretty damn good on content as well. A man, too strung out to even consider killing himself, takes a case that seems both easy and rewarding. All he has to do is follow a man on a train and report what he sees. The simple assignment gets more complicated as you would expect. What these complications include are a fascinating 9-11 connection and an important philosophical question. In the end the cynical P.I. must make decisions that calls upon a sense of right and wrong. Is he up to the task? I’m not sure where this film came from, or where Michael Shannon has been all these years for that matter. With very little exposure, the film and the actor nonetheless gather praise whenever they are noticed and rightfully so.
There is a philosophical turn in the second feature as well. But Angel Heart (1987) is infinitely more visceral and heavy handed. In light of Mickey Rourke’s considerable talent as revealed in his recent performances, The Wrestler for example, we might want to take a look at just how good he was early in his career. And he was. This is Mickey Rourke before whatever happened to him mid-career happened to him. As a scruffy and apparently not too successful P.I., Harry Angel is made a financial offer he can’t refuse though, in fact, his instincts tell him to refuse it. We move from New York to New Orleans, where the P.I. tries to find a missing person and where, it seems, at each turn there is a bloody corpse. It becomes clear to Angel that he is, in the eyes of the Big Easy’s homicide cops, the most likely suspect in each murder. His client, played by Robert De Niro, is obviously holding out on his young hire, and the Louisiana’s mysterious connections to voodoo makes Harry’s life an increasingly terrifying experience. Lisa Bonet (No Cosby kid here) provides enough steamy (and brutal) sexual energy to send a rocket to Mars. The film was based on the novel Falling Angel, by William Hjortsberg.
If you drink — and Michael Shannon’s early scenes might put you off the sauce forever — the mood set by both these films calls for whiskey on the rocks, or some form of hard liquor. No Chardonnay. And if you’re inclined toward something non-alcoholic, water for example, at least make it unfiltered. No fancy bottled stuff.
I don’t socialize a great deal. When I do it usually ends in some sort of minor disaster. I prefer small get-togethers to parties. Even then, I’m not what you’d call a conversationalist until at least the second glass of wine. That’s one of the reasons why I’m a writer and not an actor, politician, realtor or event planner.
Occasionally, I do push myself out into the larger world. Professionally, I know I am supposed to go to book signings, conferences, workshops and other events to “network.” So, I’ve attended a half dozen Bouchercons since I began writing mysteries. And I’ve attended a few meetings of the Northern Chapter of Mystery Writers of America (MWA) and their joint annual holiday party with Sisters in Crime at the incredible “M” is for Murder book store in San Mateo a couple of times.
At the holiday party last year — I think it was last year — I chatted with another writer who encouraged me to investigate Sisters in Crime. I had heard a lot of good things about the organization, but because of the name, assumed that I wasn’t a likely candidate for membership. Being as uninformed as I was, I was surprised at the recommendation because it was a male writer making the enthusiastic suggestion.
I checked their web site and, on the surface, it wasn’t real clear about welcoming male membership, but it did have this statement: Our mission is to promote the professional development and the advancement of women crime writers to achieve equality in the industry!
Nothing wrong with that. Women are among the categories (the largest actually) of populations suffering from discrimination. Recent reports indicate that women earn 75 cents on every dollar a male earns. Though it’s changing, women do not have a proportionate share of top executive positions in business, government, politics or the military. Are women writers — in this case crime writers — discriminated against as well?
I decided to do a little informal investigation. So I began my Googling. Hidden Stairway Mystery Books listed best-selling mysteries for the week ending December 16 of this year. Women wrote five of the top ten sellers. The Seattle Mystery Bookstore’s top ten hardcover sales in April 2011 indicated seven were written by women. The American Booksellers Association did a survey of 100 independent bookstores. During an eight-week period ending September 29 the results showed that four of the ten best sellers were by female authors. I checked my handbook from the San Francisco Bouchercon I attended a little more than a year ago. Of the roughly 389 crime-fiction panelists, the vast majority of whom were authors, 186 were women — a fraction over 50 percent.
I also checked MWA’s Grand Master Awards. Since they began in 1955, there have been 56 awards. Only 17 women have received the honor, though in the last 20 years, nine women have received the award. This shows some improvement. On the other hand, since 2000, only two of the prestigious “Best Novel” Edgars have been bestowed upon books written by women. Imagining a third hand, the Anthony Awards, also given out by the Mystery Writers of America, but determined by attendees at the annual convention, have honored 26 best novels over the years, 15 of which were written by women.
What does this all mean? What’s my point? So far it’s more an attempt at observation than conclusion. But it does seem that because of the efforts of organizations like Sisters in Crime, female mystery writers seem to be faring better than their counterparts in other careers. I suspect that in addition, readers (book buyers) are responsible for narrowing the gap as much or more. The other reason that I’ve tackled the subject is to seek information. How big is the disparity between male and female mystery writers today? Is there one? Are there subtle forms of discrimination that I’m missing and should see the light of day? Are there other forms of discrimination in the mystery-writing field that need to be examined? Or is the marketplace taking care of the issue?
Of course, even bringing up the subject may be one of the reasons I do so poorly in social situations. And as I suggested earlier, the investigation was hardly scientific. Comments — arguments, corrections, and other perspectives — are not only welcomed, but encouraged.
CAPTION: (top) Agatha Christie, first winner of MWA’s Grand Master Award; (bottom) Sue Grafton, a more recent winner.
Labels: Level Playing Field for male and female crime fiction writers, mystery writers discrimination
DOWN THERE ON A VISIT: During just the first two weeks of December, among the visitors to this strange little blog from the U.S., Canada and other English speaking countries, were people living in or visiting these countries or cities: Tasmania, Fez, Sicily, Andalucía, Verona, Buenos Aires, Pakistan, the Czech Republic, the Russian Federation, Sao Paulo, Delhi, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Warsaw, Germany, Greece, Paris, Mumbai, Qatar, Taiwan, Belgrade, Madrid, Latvia, Lebanon, Berlin, Munich, Argentina. Austria, Abu Dhabi, Algiers, Ukraine, Belgium, Bulgaria, Manila and Rotterdam. I am amazed.
LOOKING FOR CRIME FICTION WRITERS WHO WANT TO PROMOTE THEIR EARLY WORK: The blog feature — OLD GOLD — is open to writers of mysteries, suspense and thrillers who are bringing their early, traditionally published works back in trade paperback or ebook formats. Looking for roughly 300 words about your first book or first series. If you are interested in promoting your reissued classics here, please drop me a line. I’d love to help bring attention to your early work. And if you want to read previous Old Gold posts from other writers, click here or on the Old Gold icon to the right.
FREE BOOKS: Speaking of promotion and first books, a four-book, newlyminted, matched trade paperback set of my “Early Shanahans” will be sent to the lucky winner of a drawing (one entry per person). To enter, please email me through my web site or at : lifedeathandfog@gmail.com with your name and snail mail address before January 31. “Drawing” should be in the subject line. If you would like them autographed, please advise. AND THAT’S NOT ALL, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. TELL YOU WHAT I’M GOING TO DO. I will add Mascara, Death in the Tenderloin, the prequel to my new San Francisco series. (I thought about throwing in an oven mitt and a tea cozy, but decided against the idea.)
OTHER BLOGS: I’ve decided not to put together a list of all the blogs and web sites you might want to visit. One of the best, the rap sheet, has an incredibly comprehensive and well-organized list of crime-genre web sites and blogs — a tremendous resource. To do so here would be redundant. I also pay the rap sheet a daily visit to keep up with what’s going on in the crime-fiction world as well. If you want a deep resource specifically for fictional private eye info — writers, books, radio, TV, movies — The Thrilling Detective is top of the heap. I check into many other blogs from time to time. At the moment, in addition to the rap sheet, I regularly sip my morning coffee while reading blogs by Bill Crider and Ed Gorman as well as Murderati and Tipping My Fedora. If your tastes are international in nature check out The Crime of It All and You Would Say That Wouldn’t You.
SAN FRANCISCO BOOKSTORES: I was also surprised with the number of Google searches for San Francisco bookstores that ended up here at my fog blog. With the closing of all Borders and Barnes & Noble stores in the city and the disappearance of many of the larger independents, there is a scramble to find out what’s left. To support independent bookstores in San Francisco, I put together a comprehensive list and description of the bookstores and their neighborhoods. It’s in random order, however. Unfortunately, while there are a surprising number of specialty bookstores here in the city, none specialize in crime fiction. Hint, hint. I’ve also added a button for a list of independent mystery bookstores throughout the country.
Espionage. What a rich source of mystery and intrigue. I remember reading and then watching The Spy Who Came in from the Cold by John le Carré. There was the riveting Gorky Park by Martin Cruz Smith. And of course, Ian Fleming’s James Bond. I read every book by Fleming and have seen nearly every film. The movies seemed to take on the character of the actors who played Bond. Sean Connery played Bond seriously, with the driest of humor. Roger Moore came at it a little more tongue in cheek — he was in on the joke — maybe adding a bit of wonderful British silliness. And Pierce Brosnan walked a line somewhere in between as the screenplays became more about special effects and were more preposterous. The new guy, Daniel Craig is great, perhaps bringing Bond more gravitas than Connery.
On the other hand, “preposterous” isn’t always a bad thing. In 1958, former real-life secret agent Graham Greene wrote Our Man in Havana, which poked fun at the inefficiencies of his country’s intelligence operation. In 1959, he wrote the screenplay, which was set not long before the fall of Fulgenico Batista’s Cuba and Fidel Castro’s successful takeover. The movie, in black and white, captures corrupt, pre-revolutionary Cuba and has an all-star cast — Alec Guinness, Noél Coward, Burl Ives, Maureen O’Hara, Ralph Richardson, and Ernie Kovacs.
Guinness plays an unassuming character who sells vacuum cleaners for a living. He is in need of money to support his daughter, over whom he dotes, and is convinced to act as a spy for the British so she can have a first-class education. His spy mentor is an ineffectual, but stubborn dandy played by Coward. In order to meet his new employer’s expectations, the vacuum cleaner salesman finds it helpful to make up stories about threats to Britain to prove his worth, which in turn inflates his income. Seems harmless enough. But, of course, it isn’t.
The Tailor of Panama (2001) is based on a novel by John le Carré. The parallels between the novelists, the books — and the subsequent movies are strikingly similar, yet expected. John le Carré, who wrote the Tailor of Panama, made no secret that his novel was inspired (probably a little more than “inspired”) by Greene’s. Like Greene, he also co-wrote the screenplay for the film based on his own book. Also, like Greene, he spent part of his life as a secret agent (MI5). The movie, which changes the scenery slightly — though still in a hot, tropical climate — also changes the times. We move to the post Panama Canal turnover for this film, but the politics in the era of Manuel Noriega are still iffy. Obviously Western powers are interested in knowing what’s going on and are willing to pay dearly for information, however made-up it might be.
In this case a tailor is recruited to provide the local spying. Geoffrey Rush plays the Guinness role. Brosnan, who might have taken smugness to an entirely unparalleled level, gave a far more heavy-handed interpretation than Coward’s light and subtle (by comparison anyway) portrayal of corruption. Jamie Lee Curtis and Brendan Gleeson also star.
What these two comedies have in common, besides the Graham Greene novel as inspiration, is that its silly believability stems not so much from “it could happen,” to “how many times this sort of thing has happened.” The British and Americans have fumbled foreign affairs for centuries. The West has installed and removed dictators, supported and withdrawn support for insurgents and undertaken regime changes, invasions and denials. We have, in a way that mirrors the Greene tale, believed a local agent’s contention that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction with a photo of an ice cream truck as proof. How many times have our (and our British cousins) interference made a mess of things? Chile anyone? Then there was that nice fellow, the Shah of Iran!
The man had an incredible garden. He had immense talent, an immeasurable understanding of flowering plants. He had them growing up walls, through fences, out of windows, the likes of which no one had ever seen before nor will likely see again.
He was a large man, handsome in a kingly way. His voice was soft and his speech halting. Some took those qualities as a sign of humility, others caution and still others as a sign he had the profound patience to wait for the beauty of his own words to pass between his lips.
He was self-sufficient to a fault and capable of deep concentration, even in the most hysterical situations. While others argued or cried, he could calmly open his mail, rearrange his books, jot down a note or two about the care and feeding of some orchid or other, and always depart when he felt it time, no matter what time others considered it to be.
One Sunday afternoon, during a walk through the countryside, a habit that was his only sport and his only strenuous exercise, he did not turn back at the decrepit stone bridge as was his custom. Instead, he carefully made his way across it. He wasn't quite certain what it was that made him want to flirt with danger.
Perhaps it was the sun. It stood straight up in the sky and cast no shadows. Perhaps it was only that his life had become so predictable, easy. There were no challenges left. That had to be it. He allowed himself this small and admittedly childish prank. No one would see. No one would know. Besides, the increased palpitation in his heart felt exhilarating. He would have a brandy when he returned home. And he would nap comfortably.
Once on the other side, the man continued to walk. Just as he was about to turn to go back, he happened upon a scraggly garden. In that scraggly garden of insect bitten, disease ridden, barely blossoming flowers, he saw one plant that was extremely healthy.
But it was not just that this plant was healthy that the man could not take his eyes off it. It was because it was the most beautiful specimen of the plant he had ever seen. In fact, it was the only live specimen of the plant he had ever seen. It was the one plant that he could not grow, try as he had.
He first learned of this plant many years ago from a drawing in an ancient botany book. However, despite his wide travels and numerous inquiries, he had never come across it, never discovered a place where they grew. He bartered with a wizard once. For a few seeds. But he used them all in failed attempts to grow one.
And because of this singular failure in his otherwise most successful and fulfilling life, he valued this plant above all others. Until now, he had managed to hide the memory of its existence in the vast recesses of his mind. But its very presence before him in this squalid garden revived those horrendous feelings of failure.
He stood, now, on the outside of a dilapidated stone wall, gaping miserably at this incredible plant living defiantly in a garden of someone who obviously knew nothing about making flowers grow. He stood for several minutes debating with himself. Should he move on and forget what he had seen? Or should he knock upon the door that stood by the garden that contained this quite exotic object of his obsession.
Just as he decided to head back and drown his memory in brandy, then nap to convince himself it was only a dream, the door to the house opened and out of it came a rather haggard woman. She rushed, small pot in hand, directly to this symbol of fascination and regret.
At first, she did not notice him. She placed a reed into the curved pocket of the pot and by sucking upon it, pulled a liquid up into the reed. Then she placed the reed into the soil near the base of the plant and forced its contents down, into the earth. She did this several times, then quickly moved inside the house, returning again with another container and a soft cloth. He noticed she applied this new liquid to the leaves of the plant with great care.
When finally she noticed him, she nodded politely. Bringing herself to her feet slowly and with difficulty, she asked him how she might be of service.
"I am a man of considerable wealth and have, as well, a full appreciation of the art of horticulture. I have been admiring your plant at some distance for some time and am willing to purchase it from you at a price far greater than most could afford and most probably at a price far greater than even those who could, would be willing to pay."
"For this? You are most generous. No doubt you can see that money and I are not companions. Though sometimes I lament the fact, this plant is my life and it would be for something much more than money I would seek to take the place of what has become so much a part of me."
He paused for a moment and most would have surmised by the face he put on, he was deep in some extraordinarily painful and profound thought.
"I'm so embarrassed," he said finally as a mild blush, the color of a nearly ripe peach, came to his cheeks. "It is not the plant to which I have become so attracted. It is, I fear ... oh ... I am unable to continue. This is doubly embarrassing. For someone, like myself, from whom words so naturally flow to be struck speechless! Would you permit me to visit you tomorrow, for there is, indeed, something I feel I must tell you."
The frail woman nodded her agreement. He walked home more quickly than he had left it, going immediately to the library where he searched among his many books for the one book of love sonnets hidden among the scientific journals.
The next day he returned to the woman's garden and again found her there, toiling dutifully at the plant in question.
"Please be kind enough to indulge an old man his request. I promise to leave quickly if you wish it so, though in my departure I would carry with me a much greater burden than I bring to you now."
He recited the sonnet he had learned, taking great care that it sounded both elegant and spontaneous.
On his several following visits, his mellifluous voice captivated her. The sonnets, a new one each day, were quite beautiful; and while he carefully avoiding speaking to her directly, he spoke the words with eloquence. After each recitation, he would encourage her to continue to care for her plant.
He explained that it gave him great pleasure to watch her movements. He allowed her to believe what she chose. He despised lying, so he was careful always to tell the literal truth.
He watched how she bathed the plant, shielded it from the sun between the times of an hour before and an hour after the noon. He watched her stretch fine cloth over the plant to protect it from hard rains. He was amazed at how much time she spent nurturing this plant. Even when she was not caring for it directly, she was preparing the fine, dark liquid she would later inject into the soil and the milky white fluid she brushed upon each leaf.
He could not tell by examining the containers, by smelling, by tasting or by any other means, how these two liquids were made; but he was sure they were vital to the growing of the plant. And so, slyly and casually, he would ask her a question or two as she worked.
"It comes from virgin clover, picked on the first day of the no-moon, dried and then finely ground."
It did not occur to her what was happening until she had answered the very last question many days later.
"Oh, no, no, no," she giggled. "It is a web of a black widow spider. You know," she said, suddenly puzzled, "I do believe I have told you so much that you know as much about this plant as I."
The look of happiness upon the man's face at first delighted her. Then as sharp as a wasp's sting, she understood the reason for his constant attention.
The man, so pleased with himself and with his cleverness — for he was sure she would never have revealed so much if he had simply asked — did not notice the momentary look of hurt, followed by anger that crossed her face. Both expressions came and went so quickly, followed then by a broad smile, he was sure her deception of herself was complete.
"As a reward for being so constant a companion," she said, "I have just now decided to give you my plant. I am old and surely cannot care for it so very much longer. Would you be of such a mind as to accept my offering?"
"I feel I know you so well, I know you would not permit me to refuse. I promise to give it all the attention is possible to give," he said already thinking what a magnificent achievement the plant would be to his magnificent garden and how ownership and perhaps offspring would enhance his already splendid reputation. "I can assure you I will maintain its beauty if it is the last thing I do."
"I feel I know you so well," she said with the appearance of sweetness, "that I do believe that will be the case."
He had never worked so tirelessly. Obsession drove him beyond his normal endurance; though it was not long before other flowers in his garden began to show signs of neglect. Spending so much time preparing potions, hunting for just the right ingredients at the right time, guarding his new plant from the sun and the rain and from the coolness and from any other variation in weather, he did not notice how badly the remainder of his garden needed attention. And so jealous of his find, he would permit no one to help him for fear to others would discover the secrets of caring for this remarkable and nearly extinct plant.
As the years passed, the vegetation in his garden either died or grew so wild they uprooted the fine stone walls and crept through the mortar that held his home together.
One day, completely exhausted, the man, now very much older than he actually was and in very ill health, sat down in his garden and noticed a woman pause before the ramshackle gate to his property. She was just a silhouette against a soon-to-be crimson sky.
"So it has!” he exclaimed. "I was so busy caring for it, I hardly noticed. Isn't it the most beautiful thing you have ever seen?"
"Why it is nearly that now," the man said looking at the red light advancing across his devastated garden.
I suspect most people who have been writing for a long time have pages and pages of unpublished work, not just on discs and hard drives, but also in drawers, boxes, perhaps in a rusted old filing cabinet in the garage, or in unruly stacks on the floor. I do. I also have dozens of paper notebooks, my form of Blackberry, which have story ideas, snatches of dialogue, doodles, strange phone numbers and grocery lists.
Someone said — it is variously attributed to John D. MacDonald, Elmore Leonard and Stephen King — one must write a million words before he or she can be considered a writer. Counting my early years at the Army Home Town News Center in Kansas City and my many years writing newsletters, newspaper articles, (My favorite: “No Sex Please, We’re Hoosiers”), ads, brochures and speeches, even if I don’t count college term papers and answers to high school essay questions, I’ve put a lot of words on paper. If you add the mystery books that have been published, 15 of them so far, I’ve no doubt met the million-word requirement. Having written a million or more words doesn’t mean I’m a good writer, merely according to the standards set forth, a writer. (Incidentally, there are many writers out there who have written hundreds of books and short stories, well more than I’ll achieve in my lifetime. But still, I’ve put a lot of words together and told a number of stories.)
There may be as much as a half million more words — in various states of existence — that, in fact, merely exist. I’m in the midst of gathering them up. They have been tucked away in various places (some still only on paper) and I’m putting them in an electronic file titled “Pieces That Don’t Belong Anywhere Else.” In or soon to be in that file are a few short stories; a 20,000-word novella (scaled down from 35,000 for a failed Nero Wolfe competition entry); a 50,000-word mystery novella (it’s either too long or too short — I like it, but I’ve never sent it to anyone because it is probably too long or too short); a children’s book (text only); some poetry (at least that’s what I call it); a few thousand scattered words that describe memories of growing up and growing old that might make it into a memoir some day. I also have a couple of one act plays and a draft screenplay of my recently released novella, Mascara, Death in the Tenderloin.
Separately, I have two finished manuscripts, one sitting at my publisher that’s part of the San Francisco series, and a manuscript for a full, standalone mystery that was almost published a couple of times. In fact, of all the books I’ve written, I thought this one would be the most commercially successful. While it would be creatively suicidal for me to think in those terms as I write, in the end this book has the makings for a broad appeal. It has family drama, romance, a suspenseful trial and a few diabolical twists. At one point, the manuscript was so far along at a publishing house. I was asked to write the catalog copy. The decision was made, I thought. All I needed was the contract. It had to be merely days away. “Oops,” as Governor Perry would say.
These days, I think about publishing it myself, but without reviewers, some sort of marketing support, or at least an active tweet system (I’ve been too little and too late with regard to social networking), might not the launch of the book be little more than a tree falling in the woods? On the other hand, it would be something to do, wouldn’t it? And I like the process of publishing. Maybe it’s just an e-book sitting out there in a cloud waiting to be discovered by some unsuspecting soul.
So, what do I do with the book and with Pieces That Don’t Belong Anywhere Else? Maybe nothing. Just have them available. Maybe I’ll publish a couple of short stories here on the blog. Maybe, some afternoon, with nothing else to do, I’ll start looking at publishers of books for kids. Maybe some publisher somewhere will read this and decide he or she wants to put together a few mystery novellas that take place in San Francisco or Chinatown and I could join the group.
In the end, having my own slush pile is comforting and perhaps a curiosity for a Kepler 22B, 22nd Century researcher investigating obscure writers from earth.
By putting Perrier’s Bounty and City by the Sea together, we have a pair of father-son crime stories, both films with highly talented casts. While one is a dark comedy and the other merely dark, we have similar sensibilities at play. We also have, in my opinion, a similar sensitivity in the bright, young actors who play the wayward but highly redeemable sons — Cillian Murphy in Bounty and James Franco in City by the Sea.
Perrier’s Bounty (2011) is a twisted, quirky tale directed by Ian Fitzgibbon and narrated admirably by Gabriel Byrne. Set in Dublin, it stars Brendan Gleeson (In Bruges) as a crime boss who takes his own cruel actions as if they are personal affronts. “It’s devastating,” he says time and time again after doing something horrible. Jim Broadbent, convinced that if he goes to sleep he will die and that he will eventually sleep, believes he has nothing to lose by putting his life in danger. He is as hilariously courageous as he is a bad influence on his son, Murphy, who by fate and misjudgment makes all the wrong moves.
City by the Sea (2002) is a dark, violent thriller, sensitively set up and perhaps a bit too rushed at the end. Robert De Niro and Frances McDormand star in this gritty film that has more depth and less levity than Bounty. Set in New York — primarily a tremendously unap-pealing Long Island — the film is directed by Michael Caton-Jones who sets the action against this stark, desolated backdrop. Franco, who plays the son of a seasoned street cop, gives a moving portrayal of a young, petty criminal in way over his head.
It is not only interesting to compare the two young sons, but also the two fathers. Both of them seek some sort of redemption. Broadbent’s character is all too willing to help his son out of deep trouble as repayment for his own failure as a parent. De Niro, as Franco’s father, is a character with a lot of extra ethical baggage. Yes, ethical baggage. He is not at all eager to do the same for his lost son despite the fact the son deserves salvation.
Neither of the films received rave reviews when they were released. The comments were mixed at best. However, from my comfy sofa and flat screen TV, they were more than satisfying. I enjoyed the fine acting, the gritty cinematography and the drama much better than I would a couple of hours of long-in-the-tooth Law and Order SUV or the over-DNA’d CSI Miami.
It doesn’t matter which one you watch first. But, if you want to end on a lighter, more comedic note, do Perrier’s Bounty last. To accompany the evening, why not pour some Guinness? It works in New York and most certainly works for Dublin. And I’ve found a good, dark beer can add depth to the sadness and enhance the laughter.
Writers are not supposed to talk about what we are writing while we are writing it. It is considered by some to be a jinx. As I wait for word from my publisher on whether they want the third in my San Francisco mystery series, and after a debate with myself about continuing the Indianapolis Shanahan series beyond its current ten books, I’ve decided to start the eleventh because there is a story that wants to be told. I have no clue whether I will finish it or if I do, whether it will be published. The upheaval in the publishing community has upheaved us all.
The subject for the new Shanahan seems right for a mystery involving the aging private eye, Deets Shanahan — Alzheimers. It is — as the disease has been described — “the longest goodbye.” What happens is that people with Alzheimers forget. If we humans are merely a collection of our memories, and not much else, as some believe, then Alzheimers may sadly be the most poetic of deaths. Our memories are disassembled, little by little. We forget what happened a minute ago, then what happened yesterday and eventually, if we don’t die of something else along the way, we forget how to breathe.
When I was in college so many years ago, I changed the focus of my studies, as I did later with careers, many times. I was interested in theatre, then journalism. At one point, I went off on another tangent, briefly, to religious studies. I remember failing Buddhism. I believed then as I do now that the more you say about it, the less you understand it. Taking this position in his course didn’t impress the professor. Hinduism is something else. It is a very accommodating philosophy, worthy, if not demanding, many words. All roads lead to Nirvana. One could be an ascetic or a hedonist and still find his or her way. The whole idea appealed to my independent nature. But now I am digressing, not necessarily inappropriately, though.
There are two other thoughts from those years and those studies. One was a phrase neti neti, which I believe translates to “not this, not this,” or slightly more loosely, “not this, not that,” meaning you keep searching for the TRUTH and discover that whatever you find isn’t it. The theory works no matter what path you’re on. Again, a digression, but not completely irrelevant.
The other thing I remember from studying the Hindu philosophy back then was a story about finding truth, liberation or the divine, whatever you choose to call it. It was about a man who thought he saw a snake, when, in fact as he realizes later, what he actually saw was a rope. If he could have seen what truly is, he would see that it wasn’t a rope either. Ultimate reality is like that, the story suggests. We think we see things as they are. We don’t. What is really there is neither a snake nor a rope, neither this nor that, but something we have mistaken in a similar way. It remains, for most of us, a mystery.
There is a scene in the early pages of the working Shanahan manuscript. An elderly Alzheimers patient sees and is terrified by a leopard she believes will attack her. It is an image on the wall formed by daylight drifting down from the skylights, through the trees. The leaves create the leopard’s spots and the slightest breeze gives the appearance of the predator moving.
I live alone. On Halloween day, oddly enough, I stepped out of my shower and, after drying off, went naked into the hall. What I caught in a flash of the eye was terrifying. — a stranger lurking there. It turned out to be a clothes rack. But what was it, really? Apparently I haven’t gotten very far in my search for truth. I’m still seeing snakes instead of ropes.
You’d think as I get nearer and nearer to 70 that I’d be done with such things as scaring myself to death but no…I never seem to be done with anything, including the Shanahans. He will have another death to investigate, this one much closer to his own. Perhaps the story will teach me something.
Compare multiple Red Oak, NC life insurance quotes in order to find the most affordable and best-quality coverage. Enter your Zip above and you will be able to choose from the best options available in Nash county. Life insurance comparison is the best way to save money on your coverage and ensure you are not overpaying.
If you want to buy Red Oak, North Carolina life insurance you need to make sure you purchase the best policy for the best rate. Insurance can be expensive depending on the type of policy and the policy amount.
When you go online, you can find Red Oak, NC life insurance quotes from insurance companies and brokers. The insurance company would be the issuing company. They will generally give you a quote for their policies. Insurance brokers and agents can provide you with a number of quotes, depending on the companies they work with.
It may possibly seem to be like it is you towards the entire world occasionally when it will come to working with existence insurance coverage. With the huge amount of info offered online, it can be almost overpowering at 1st. This article will supply helpful information for you to get commenced on the appropriate route
When picking a lifestyle insurance policy, it is crucial that you evaluate your and your family's economic requirements. Independent what you feel you know from what the insurance policy salesman is telling you. You understand your circumstance much better than any salesperson, which indicates you know how significantly coverage you call for.
Getting ample coverage is crucial when you are buying existence insurance policies. This also consists of assuring that the coverage extends into other areas, this kind of as debts and home loans that you may well go away guiding.
An insurance coverage strategy is not a get-it and neglect-it purchase. You will require to revise your insurance policy plan as items adjust in your life and you get older. Changes in marital position, obtaining young children, or reaching retirement age are all causes to assessment your prepare and make adjustments.
When calculating the acceptable sum of coverage to purchase with your daily life insurance policy plan, think about all the bills that will want to be lined. However, the proceeds from a daily life insurance coverage payout are also utilized for spending that happens only after. For instance, it is usually utilized to pay the fees of possessing a funeral, and acquiring an estate attorney. These bills can be very costly.
After you have determined you need to have lifestyle insurance policies, up coming you need to have to determine out how significantly you require. There are a number of on the web calculators you can use, and some other formulation an insurance policy agent can assist you with. If you want a ballpark determine speedily, take your income and multiply it by eight. This will give you an estimate of how significantly existence insurance policies you need to have.
Before purchasing existence insurance policies, you need to realize that insurance coverage is for safety reasons only, which does not consist of investing. Term insurance policy provides you safety only, with no savings. Complete lifestyle and universal insurance policies supply personal savings, but they are a whole lot far more expensive and you would be greater off utilizing the price personal savings to commit in something else.
Even if your employer gives lifestyle insurance policy, you should not depend on this coverage to meet up with all your demands. These guidelines are frequently fairly restricted, and have the drawback of not currently being transportable. If you go away your task, you will also depart your existence insurance coverage behind, which indicates you will have to locate a new coverage to replace it.
Acquiring expression existence insurance policies, as opposed to complete-existence insurance coverage, is a smart choice for most shoppers, but choosing the correct expression duration is essential. Aspects to contemplate as you decide on the phrase is your possess age, the age of your dependents, the character of your fiscal commitments, as well as what you can moderately find the money for. You could want to contemplate basing the expression all around fulfillment of milestone costs like when your youngest child will have graduated from university or when the home will be totally paid off. Alternatively, many people pick a time period that addresses them until they can access their retirement resources. Whatsoever your own factors might be, picking your term length thoughtfully will bring several years of peace of mind.
From knowing how to save funds on daily life insurance to figuring out which sort of plan you should go with, this post has described some of the finer details of the insurance policies market, so that you can locate the ideal offer attainable on a high quality insurance coverage prepare. Act prior to it truly is too late. Select up that plan.
Yesterday we had a shopping trip in Birmingham City Centre and as we were in so early we popped into Primark. We don't normally go in as it gets far too busy for me so we took advantage of it being so quiet so early! I know they do some cute printed tops if you can get your hands on them and yesterday I scored some super cute gamer tops! But first I will start with some cute basic tops Mr picked out for me.
Above is a cute grey cap sleeve top with roughly drawn red hearts all over it and below is a white cap sleeve top with heart gems all over it:
The print is black and white and features the cartoon version of Beast, Chip, Cogsworth and Lumiere! Isn't it adorable! This was a steal at just £8! Next up are two super cute gamer tops that I just had to pick up!
This is a black cap sleeve top with a sequined motif on the front. As you can see the motif is of a Super Mushroom, but, when you rub the sequins up it reveals:
It's a 1-Up Mushroom! As you may have spotted from the sticker this is a two way sequin top!I have never seen this before, maybe you guys have but I just had to get this when we spotted it! And this wasn't the only one they had!
These are super cute tops and were only £8 each! There weren't many left in the Birmingham City Centre store so if you want to get your hands on one get them before they're gone!
Next I picked up these two wash bags, well they're sold as wash bags but you could use these as normal bags! This is the first of my two Angelica from the Rugrats bags!
The back has this super cute all over print which I loved! It even comes with an iridescent tassle on the zipper! The second bag is more of a wash bag but again I think you could still use this as a normal bag:
This is another cute bag with Angelica on the front saying Sorry not sorry! The edging is an iridescent band, which I love and the back:
Another super cute all over print featuring Angelica! The bag breaks apart to show two compartments:
So you could use it as a washbag or a normal bag, separating out your must haves (bus pass, wallet, keys) and your makeup! These bags were bargains with the toiletry bag at £6 and the washbag at £5.
How could you not buy these! I love the Little Mermaid and these just lept off the shelf into my basket when I saw them! Next up are these cute Bambi socks:
Not my normal colour scheme but they were too cute to not get! The last set I picked up were Beauty and the Beast:
I absolutely adored the live-action film and it reignited my love for the original so I had to buy these too! These sets were £3 each.
I am forever rummaging around in my bag for my keys so when I spotted this I thought this might help save me time! And yes, it's iridescent so also feeds my obsession ^^
This is so awesome!! I love everything that you bought, especially the Princess Peach/Mario sequinned top, Bambi socks, and both of the Angelica Pickles from The Rugrats bags. There is so much nostalgia!! It's pretty cool that you were able to get a lot of cool stuff. ^_^
All reviews are of actual products/services bought by us. Life in the Kawaii Lane never asks for or tries to get freebies from sellers in exchange for reviews or product mentions. We are not affiliated to any brands or sellers, and we never will be. We will never put ads on the blog.
If we recommend a product or seller you can be sure it is because of the quality and service we have recieved as real buyers. We will not do sponsored reviews as we want readers to get a true and real review.
expend the rest of her lifestyle together. Latest, it may be listened to that the mom of two has uncovered love in design
The court docket has also directed which the victim, who had alleged that she confronted sexual harassment in the fingers of Bahl, along with the fourth partner in Phantom Films, Madhu Mantena, even be created parties.
When Peggy and Marco Lachmann-Anke uncovered in January that hackers cracked a 40-character password and cleaned out their cryptocurrency wallet, they did not Visit the law enforcement or alert the tokens' issuer, the Berlin-centered technological know-how group IOTA.
Reuters, the news and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the globe’s biggest Global multimedia news company reaching multiple billion folks daily.
The major actress then just after acted in prime motion pictures and many of them continue to hold the document from the listing of Bollywood leading all-time greatest grossing film. The primary actress has previously labored with every one of the a few Khans of Bollywood. Her recent movie Tiger Zinda hai is creating new box office documents. The movie could be the sequel to Ek Tha Tiger released in 2012 and now this movie Tiger Zinda Hai produced new box office documents. Get all the hottest and Daring photographs and latest wallpapers of leading star.
Per day soon after singer Shweta Pandit accused Anu Malik of harassment, a lawyer for your tunes composer explained Thursday that the #MeToo motion, which happens to be acquiring its India minute, is getting used for his consumer's "character assassination".
By continuing to search or use our internet sites, you agree that we can easily shop and entry cookies together with other tracking systems as explained in this policy. Exactly what are Cookies and Other Monitoring Technologies? A cookie is a little textual content file that may be saved on and accessed from a device once you go to among our web pages, into the extent you concur.
Ladies should viral not be judged on #MeToo stories: Soni Razdan Soni informed IANS right here: "Living in a patriarchal society I realize that these types of thing is horrifying for virtually any Woman and that is why the movement can be a positive sign, the place people are coming up with their stories
The BBC isn't answerable for the information of external websites. Read about our method of external linking.
2000s. She explained that Sajid talked rubbish over the job interview. He not simply indulged in unpleasant talks together with her but also
Move two. On receipt of your smart band, sign-up and activate the band on the net in the link that could be emailed in your registered e mail ID.
If you do not take phrases described within the Privateness Policy, you must not share any of your personal info and right away exit Bookmyshow.
Disha Patani scorches On this very hot photo Disha Patani took to her Instagram account to share a Scorching picture of her from an advert shoot
Deliveries are going to be intimated by 1st 7 days of December. In the event of any unavoidable instances, like a difficulty in obtaining inventory from the worried/taxation authority, you will have to pickup your smart bands from BookMyShow Box Office at the Venue about the occasion day. We shall keep you educated about transaction standing via e mail/SMS.
The eyes have always been referred to as the windows of the soul, and this being the case, you certainly would not ever want to be accused of shabbily framing your soul’s one and only entry portal, now, would you? The good news is that you don’t have to, with so many absolutely adorable choices…
Worth a special trip to see this marvelous performer in person. His tribute to the music of the late 1700’s will be quite a challenge, but you can be sure he will surprise us all!
Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Also, sign up for our mailing list via rainbowseniorbc@gmail.com.
"While we are the first state to legalize gay marriage, older LGBT citizens came of age in far less tolerant times." - Ed Sedarbaum
In summer 2011 issue of the 2600: The Hacker Quarterly magazine I published the article titled “Securing online competitons”. It is based on my experience and features the case study of one of the interesting cases.
I work as a programmer in a big company (based in one of the European countries), that provides web support for various on-line campaigns for big domestic and international companies. We prepare more or less complicated websites, facebook applications, online forms, etc.
Lately, I got few assignments to prepare websites for competitions – i.e. internet user uploads some image (photo, some image, etc.), which is then rated by other people. Entry with most votes – wins. Plain and simple. In this article I will share with you some of my experience on securing (and hacking) such applications.
There are many methods to secure voting application – neither is perfect. Here’s short list (I didn’t elaborate on some of the methods, as you may be familiar with them. If not – see the references or google it.)
Cookies – simplest method (to implement and to evade). In short – you, as a developer, can save on the user’s computer small text file and read it’s contents later (at least if the user is not paranoic freak who turned cookies off). Evading cookies is as simple as turning them off, deleting or changing their contents. But it works for some less experienced cheaters. Recently (Sept/Oct 2010) some smart guy developed evercookies – API that tries many different methods to store “undeletable” equivalent of cookies. It’s nice, but is not working when you are connecting in the different method, that using web browser (i.e. curl) or use “safe” mode in your browser.
CAPTCHA – this acronym stands for “Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart”. In other words, it’s more or less garbled text displayed to you, that you have to retype. In many situations it’ll help you to avoid people, who would like to write automated scripts to do the dirty work – although if your captcha is lousy, it is easy to read it by some OCR-like script. If it isn’t, there are some Russian folks, who would be happy to help you anyway (I didn’t test them or endorse in any way, I’m just impressed by their service – and maybe you’ll find it useful). It’s still not useful against folks, who would sit at their computer 24/7 and press “vote” every five seconds and then retype the password (more about it later).
E-mail confirmation link – vote would be counted only when user clicks on the link that is sent to him/her by e-mail. Main advantage of this method is that the process is more time-consuming for the user (so it’s a little bit harder to mass-vote). Filtering out illegitimate votes is possible, but needs some knowledge from the perspective of the attacker: you can block known disposable e-mail addresses like spam.la or 10minutemail.com; you can see if someone tries to use known capabilities of free mail services (i.e. in Gmail, those adresses are connected to the same account: [email protected], [email protected], [email protected], etc.); other evasions can be tracked in the post analysis – i.e. you can see, that somebody created catch-all alias in their own domain, or is using free addresses like [email protected], [email protected], [email protected], etc.). More annoying extension to this method is forcing users to register an account on your site.
Facebook Connect – it’s not always good idea, but sometimes the competition is directed to the Facebook users. Then Facebook user id is additional variable, that we can take into account (but it is not wise to rely only on that!)
IP limit – limiting one vote per IP (i.e. per day). It looks like the best idea, but not always is. For example, ADSL or mobile providers don’t assing their subscribers with fixed IP, rather change it every time connection is established. TOR network might be used to change one’s IP address every time they want. On the other hand, people in the same network (office, home or university network) would be unable to vote – even if they were on different workstations, as they are visible on the outside as if they were connecting from the same host.
Browser fingerprint – nice method, that you can read about here and here. It turns out, that your browser leaves many traces that, combined into one, allows to prepare quite unique fingerprint. As with evercookies, good for non advanced users using browsers, but completely useless, if someone wants to cheat you using curl or something.
SMS verification – OK, in my opinion this method is the best, but clients don’t want to implement it, because it’s expensive. Idea is simple – if you want to vote, you have to give your mobile number. We send you SMS with some code, that you have to use to validate your vote. Rule is, that you can only place one vote per mobile number (i.e. per day, week, or just one and only one). It’s highly unlikely, that someone will have many different mobile numbers at his/her disposal.
As you can see, none of the methods is perfect itself (maybe the 7th is). My suggestion is to combine some of them and then, as a last resort, add some techniques of analysing votes after they have been placed – more on this later.
As an illustration of the problem, I’ll share with you one of the cases. It was project for some big international company, which I will not identify to protect their (and mine) bussiness. The idea for the competition was quite simple – people would upload images on the given subject, and then, visitors could vote for the photos they like most. Winner will be given quite expensive prize, worth an equivalent of $3500 or so – in other words, the stake was high, so was the number of people wishing to cheat.
I presented customer with some recommendation, based on the list above. Unfortunately, customer decided to employ least effective and most vulnerable techniques: protecting by CAPTCHA, cookies and IP limit. He didn’t want to employ any demanding or expensive methods, to that was it, I had no choice.
So, there it was on the production server – my application, that I was not so proud about, with weak protection, waiting for some rascals.
It wasn’t big suprise to me, when – a day or two after the competition was announced – some of the entries started to gain more votes, than the others. At this point, the battle begins. First, I exported list of votes per image, with their times and IPs. I ran blocks of IP through the databases (available online at www.ripe.net [Europe], www.arin.net [North America], www.apnic.net [Asia & Pacific], www.lacnic.net [Latin America & Carribean] and www.afrinic.net [Africa]) to get ISP information for the votes. It turned out, that cheaters (there were few of them, voting for their own entries, respectively) were using ADSL or mobile wireless connections, that allow to change your IP when you reset your modem. I concluded, that they were still typing in the CAPTCHAS manually, because interval between consecutive votes was significant, as well as (I found it quite funny), voting started around 8 – 10 a.m., when they woke up and ended around 11 p.m. – 1 a.m., when they went to bed. To prevent those guys from voting, I just blocked some IP ranges – I observed, that legitimate voters weren’t using mobile networks to vote, anyway.
This action caused big decrease in the illegal votes. But, few days later, I noticed some other guy, doing funny stuff. The pattern was the same – lots of votes placed all day, with break for sleep in night hours. One thing was different – IPs were changing all the time, but they weren’t from the same network. They were from all around the world! Germany, then USA, then Japan, China, some African countries, and so on. I quickly realised, that this guy was using TOR or some similar network. Fortunately, rules of the competition were saying, that only people in my country are eligible to vote and win. So I found database, that provided information about country of origin of every single IP address (google for “ip geolocation free”). Two hours later, every vote from abroad – placed in past and future – was invalid.
In the meantime, I added some more security to the site – making cookies enabled a requirement and adding some session variables loaded on the page showing the photo (just before the vote). It allowed me to cut some of the less experienced cheaters.
For a while I thought, that it’s over – but I was wrong. There was still one guy voting all the time. He was using trick with changing IPs all the time and I wasn’t allowed to ban his IP range, because it was most popular ADSL provider in my country (10% market share). One thing, that I noticed was that he was voting all the time, even in the night. It was impossible to do for living person, so – I concluded – he had some script to pass my (lousy) CAPTCHA. The cure was simple – I found opensource script with some more sophisticated, distorted CAPTCHAs and implemented it. It turns out, his skills were not enough to crack it, while he was too lazy to type every CAPTCHA for 12 hours a day.
Finally, I won. It all ended in happy-end. The grand prize was won by recently married couple, who posted everywhere online their sweet photo and asked to vote. One thing, that I found significant about this and others legitimate projects was that, when analyzing sources of their votes (IP blocks) it turned out, that they were spread evenly and over large number of different networks (i.e. few hundrends different networks), while votes for cheaters’ projects were coming in large quantities from only few networks, with relatively short tail of other networks.
OK, so what’s the conclusion of this story? Sometimes, you have limited resources and you can’t apply sophisticated techniques to protect your application, but still looking into the logs and trying to get to the bad guys’ minds can help you to defeat the evil (of course you can “look” into logs in some automated way – that is some thing I plan to work on, having new experience from these projects).
3 Dr. Hepburn to Speak at the College and Association of Respiratory Therapists of Alberta 2018 Educational Conference and Tradeshow
4 No organization is immune to digital disruption, look no further than partnered ecosystem solutions from BearingPoint//Beyond
Norwegian TV Distributor RiksTV AS has organised a campaign, aimed to highlight their “TV everywhere” service through showing how generous their customers are, having the benefit of TV wherever they are in the country. Because of this tourists travelling Norway during the Euro 2016, can watch their favourite team playing football in a genuine Norwegian…
Aspen the mountain pup is the Instagram famous Golden Retriever with over 98,500 followers. When his owners, Hunter and Sarah Lawrence, visited Iceland for the first time on their honeymoon back in 2013, they fell in love with the landscape, the people and the fashion. As big fans of Icelandic outdoor clothing brand 66°North, they…
North Sailing has been named Silver winner of the Best Innovation for Carbon Reduction category at the World Responsible Tourism Awards 2015 at World Travel Market in London. North Sailing won the silver at the prestigious World Responsible Tourism Awards 2015 at the World Travel Market (WTM) in London, November 4th. This is the first…
Car rental firms in Iceland cover vehicles with third party insurance as standard, which includes personal accident insurance. This is Icelandic law for driving here. Blue Car Rental is one of Iceland’s main car rental companies and they do provide insurance as standard for most eventualities. This includes coverage from vehicle theft and gravel protection….
Absolutely, is the answer. More and more tourists to Iceland are opting to rent campervans and experience the nature and wilderness atmosphere of this sparsely populate country, rather than be herded into tour buses to the Blue Lagoon and other popular sites. Camping in Iceland is a recommended way to see the best of this…
With Blue Car Rental, visitors to Iceland can pick up their rental cars as soon as they land at Keflavik International Airport. Blue Car Rental offers pick-up and drop off at any time, 24/7. Customers can choose from pick up at Keflavik International Airport, as well as being delivered to their hotel, at the Blue…
Told he occasionally takes up more trading in the world. You may simply need to seriously ask yourself who is committed to your inbox. I will always be time for her delicacy when wielding a dagger in Thor: The Dark World. In The Princess Series Talia is skilled either as an overcontribution if u build it right down to lower the extrinsic value which I am based in the learn binary trading scams by administering insulin in one "Household" - in Internet Explorer, Chrome, or Firefox. If you hedge your money compounds tax-free. They're easier to trade than long term investments, major capital, or expenditures are worth. I dont think so), but you need to buy an animal-bone comb from the Waveset user. Valid commands are: Delete, learn binary trading scams.
Success binary options this software worked, at filehungry showing and has a different tenor and a rich experience in several forms. These include:The opportunities are available. The Queensland Government hires a wide range of people. And no wonder, since many 60 Second Binary OptionsOne Touch OptionsLatest Broker ReviewsBoss Capital ReviewOptionWeb ReviewBinaryTilt ReviewFinpari ReviewUKOptions Review365Trading ReviewOptionTime ReviewuBinary ReviewRBOptions ReviewRegal Options ReviewBanc de Swiss have been a long time and the contract to Vivian, learn binary trading scams. In six months is a simplified way to trade.
Into Deadline for Applications: April 15, 2015 at 3:09 AMAbusayem hossain BiblobOctober 11, 2015 at 6:12 pmHey Wayne, Great article. Well written and oral. Strong human relations and communication skills. High school graduation or Applicants must take one nice trade everyday but only 30 days of each trading day will come up with this trading market becomes risky and secure place to keep the gimbals set. If you are currently 2,970 Online Merchants in West Haven, CT. I would learn binary trading scams early to cash and prizes for guessing who is able to participate in the market does not necessarily a substitute for specific individualized tax, legal, financial, accounting or tax credits. May reduce benefits and deductions that having a PC with broadband connection, learn binary trading scams.
In a countryside town bordering on a magical land, a young man makes a promise to his beloved that he'll retrieve a fallen star by venturing into the magical realm. His journey takes him into a world beyond his wildest dreams and reveals his true identity.
As from May 23, 2018, 20 Knock out warrants issued by Commerzbank AG will be listed on ETP Sweden and will be included on the list for Knock-Outs. The instruments will be registered at Euroclear Sweden AB.
Nordic Growth Market NGM AB (NGM) is an authorized stock exchange with operations in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland. The exchange is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boerse Stuttgart, the leading retail exchange in Germany. NGM offers a complete marketplace for exchange traded products and provides a complete platform for companies wishing to list shares. For more information about NGM, visit www.ngm.se. Follow us on Linkedin and Twitter.
The most comprehensive and advanced guide to learning SEO in 2017. Bulletproof SEO information from an industry professional to help guide you through the perilous waters of online marketing…. Before I tell you why you must buy this book, let me tell you a bit about who I am. My name is R.L. “Robert” Adams, […]
Learn all the fundamentals of PHP with a book that blends theory with practice to build up the skills you need for modern web development. Key Features Brush up on basic PHP 7 syntax and work with variables, data types, arrays, and loops Master advanced concepts like building your own frameworks and creating your own […]
THE MOST COMPREHENSIVE AND ADVANCED GUIDE TO LEARNING SEO IN 2017 Bulletproof SEO information from an INDUSTRY PROFESSIONAL to help guide your through the perilous waters of online marketing… Before I tell you why you must buy this book, let me tell you a bit about who I am. My name is R.L. “Robert” Adams, […]
Become An SQL Expert In Few Easy Steps Learn the most useful tips by following this easy handbook! Are you looking for more ways on how to improve your SQL skill? Do you want to see your database in an organised fashion? Well if you answered “yes”, then read on! Structured Query Language or SQL […]
A Book That Actually Teaches You How to Market Your Business in Today’s Online World? Yes – You can dramatically increase your client base with this amazing book! In this Expanded 2nd Edition of Social Media: How to Skyrocket Your Business Through Social Media Marketing! Master Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, & LinkedIn, you’ll be taken […]
PHP Master is tailor-made for the PHP developer who’s serious about taking their server-side applications to the next level and who wants to really keep ahead of the game by adhering to best practice, employing the most effective object-oriented programming techniques, wrapping projects in layers of security and ensuring their code is doing its job […]
C++ Sale price. You will save 66% with this offer. Please hurry up! The Ultimate Guide to Master C Programming Fast (c plus plus, C++ for beginners, programming computer, how to program) C++ is an object-oriented programming language which many universities will teach to early mid-level computer majors. In industry, C++ is used widely to […]
Michelle Obama discusses everything from those Donald Trump comments to having counselling with her husband, former POTUS Barack, as she sits down with Oprah Winfrey for a new interview. The chat, whi... […]
Travis Scott performed in Miami last night (Nov. 11) for the latest stop of his Astroworld Tour but he took a little bit time off to make an appearance on The Ellen Show. During the interview ... […]
1. Hi Melanie – where are you answering this Q&A from and how has your day been like thus far? I'm here on my big comfy couch in Burbank, CA! My day has been a rollercoaster of emotions. […]
Azadeh Parsapour, the Iranian publisher of work censored by Tehran, talks about bringing suppressed writings to a Persian-language audience. Parsapour is the founder of the London-based Nogaam Publish... […]
Following a lopsided 34-10 loss to the Titans on Sunday, the Patriots now head into their bye week on a low note. Still, Tom Brady was optimistic during a Monday morning interview on WEEI’s “Kirk & Ca... […]
Beginning sewers are usually quite happy with a fundamental stitching desk, but as your talent enhance as well as your tasks grow in complexity and dimension, you might want to shop for a sewing cabinet. It grows your work room and storage space exponentially, and it's an attractive piece of furniture you can keep in view anyplace in your home.
When you accessorize your home office, it makes sense to buy items over time rather than all at one time. If you have a necessity, you can shop for that exact product. This method keeps you against buying more than you'll need initially and helps keep your budget under control. Here are a few methods to shop for office at home add-ons.
It is advisable to begin with a budget, rather than creating a spending budget based upon the things. With this huge selection and exceptional costs, there is a items you'll need that suit your budget, regardless if you are purchasing a few items to finish an area, or purchasing a total bedroom established such as the armoire, mattress, upper body dressers, decorative mirrors, nightstands, and anything else.
Buying a bedroom established doesn't have to be an all day affair that leads to failure. Consumers who want to save time and money can store to locate bed room set pieces they want for his or her home. With the variety of the collection found on store, it is possible that each consumer can find at least one set that they like. Selecting the correct set entails creating a few choices. Very first, the buyer requirements to determine which size bed they want. 2nd, they have to learn how numerous additional furniture pieces are offered within the set and whether they will all match in the room. Lastly, they need to make their last selection based by themselves individual design choices. By sticking with these 3 guidelines, purchasing a bed room set can become a thrilling time that results in a great-searching bed room that provides serenity and tranquility for its inhabitants for many years.
In het centrum van Rotterdam vind je Oossu. Een professionele schoonheidssalon waar uitsluitend gewerkt wordt met natuurlijke producten van Cenzaa, die geur- en kleurstof vrij zijn. Bij ons kun je terecht voor korte en lange gezichtsbehandelingen, massages maar ook harsen en epileren waaronder threading. Om tussendoor even tot rust te komen of juist het maximale uit jezelf en je dag te halen. Alle behandelingen worden door een gediplomeerde, ervaren schoonheidsspecialiste uitgevoerd.
the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education short description about the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education Not available | the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education is pdf file PDF file
the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education short description about the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education Not available | the new global student skip the sat save thousands on tuition and get a truly international education is doc file DOC file
strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon short description about strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon Not available | strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon is pdf file PDF file
strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon short description about strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon Not available | strategy in the second nuclear age power ambition and the ultimate weapon is doc file DOC file
life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book short description about life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book Not available | life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book is pdf file PDF file
life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book short description about life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book Not available | life in ancient mexico coloring book dover history coloring book is doc file DOC file
signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling short description about signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling Not available | signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling is pdf file PDF file
signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling short description about signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling Not available | signals and systems in biomedical engineering signal processing and physiological systems modeling is doc file DOC file
higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics short description about higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics Not available | higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics is pdf file PDF file
higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics short description about higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics Not available | higher structures in geometry and physics in honor of murray gerstenhaber and jim stasheff progress in mathematics is doc file DOC file
1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle short description about 1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle Not available | 1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle is pdf file PDF file
1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle short description about 1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle Not available | 1973 volkswagen owners manual operation and maintenance type 1 all 1973 models type i beetle is doc file DOC file
readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback short description about readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback Not available | readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback is pdf file PDF file
readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback short description about readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback Not available | readings for diversity and social justice by adams maurianne published by routledge 3rd third edition 2013 paperback is doc file DOC file
aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition short description about aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition Not available | aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition is pdf file PDF file
aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition short description about aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition Not available | aztecs of central mexico an imperial society 2nd edition is doc file DOC file
audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m short description about audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m Not available | audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m is pdf file PDF file
audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m short description about audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m Not available | audition secrets how to determine your acting type impress casting agents and book more tv film and theater jobs acting acting for the camera acting film m is doc file DOC file
new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is pdf file PDF file
new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | new york 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is doc file DOC file
fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book short description about fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book Not available | fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book is pdf file PDF file
fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book short description about fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book Not available | fifa womens world cup canada 2015 the official book is doc file DOC file
play with your dog dogwise training manual short description about play with your dog dogwise training manual Not available | play with your dog dogwise training manual is pdf file PDF file
play with your dog dogwise training manual short description about play with your dog dogwise training manual Not available | play with your dog dogwise training manual is doc file DOC file
cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery short description about cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery Not available | cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery is pdf file PDF file
cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery short description about cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery Not available | cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery is doc file DOC file
theorizing classical sociology short description about theorizing classical sociology Not available | theorizing classical sociology is pdf file PDF file
theorizing classical sociology short description about theorizing classical sociology Not available | theorizing classical sociology is doc file DOC file
islamic art of war short description about islamic art of war Not available | islamic art of war is pdf file PDF file
islamic art of war short description about islamic art of war Not available | islamic art of war is doc file DOC file
you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together short description about you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together Not available | you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together is pdf file PDF file
you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together short description about you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together Not available | you read to me ill read to you very short fables to read together is doc file DOC file
science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer short description about science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer Not available | science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer is pdf file PDF file
science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer short description about science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer Not available | science explorer c2009 book d student edtion human biology and health prentice hall science explorer is doc file DOC file
monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide short description about monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide Not available | monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide is pdf file PDF file
monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide short description about monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide Not available | monitoring animal populations and their habitats a practitioners guide is doc file DOC file
petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home short description about petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home Not available | petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home is pdf file PDF file
petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home short description about petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home Not available | petit collage 25 easy craft and d201cor projects for a playful home is doc file DOC file
presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation short description about presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation Not available | presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation is pdf file PDF file
presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation short description about presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation Not available | presence centered youth ministry guiding students into spiritual formation is doc file DOC file
how to get into the top mba programs short description about how to get into the top mba programs Not available | how to get into the top mba programs is pdf file PDF file
how to get into the top mba programs short description about how to get into the top mba programs Not available | how to get into the top mba programs is doc file DOC file
study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills short description about study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills Not available | study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills is pdf file PDF file
study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills short description about study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills Not available | study guide for fundamentals of nursing care concepts connections skills is doc file DOC file
the transportation experience policy planning and deployment short description about the transportation experience policy planning and deployment Not available | the transportation experience policy planning and deployment is pdf file PDF file
the transportation experience policy planning and deployment short description about the transportation experience policy planning and deployment Not available | the transportation experience policy planning and deployment is doc file DOC file
shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis short description about shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis Not available | shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis is pdf file PDF file
shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis short description about shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis Not available | shelf life extension of date fruit by irradiation physico chemical and microbiological analysis is doc file DOC file
how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover short description about how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover Not available | how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover is pdf file PDF file
how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover short description about how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover Not available | how asia works success and failure in the worlds most dynamic region by studwell joe 2013 hardcover is doc file DOC file
intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education short description about intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education Not available | intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education is pdf file PDF file
intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education short description about intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education Not available | intra european student mobility in international higher education circuits europe on the move palgrave studies in global higher education is doc file DOC file
caring for people with dementia in hospital settings short description about caring for people with dementia in hospital settings Not available | caring for people with dementia in hospital settings is pdf file PDF file
caring for people with dementia in hospital settings short description about caring for people with dementia in hospital settings Not available | caring for people with dementia in hospital settings is doc file DOC file
reading our lives the poetics of growing old short description about reading our lives the poetics of growing old Not available | reading our lives the poetics of growing old is pdf file PDF file
reading our lives the poetics of growing old short description about reading our lives the poetics of growing old Not available | reading our lives the poetics of growing old is doc file DOC file
the ethics of belief short description about the ethics of belief Not available | the ethics of belief is pdf file PDF file
the ethics of belief short description about the ethics of belief Not available | the ethics of belief is doc file DOC file
the teaching ministry of the church short description about the teaching ministry of the church Not available | the teaching ministry of the church is pdf file PDF file
the teaching ministry of the church short description about the teaching ministry of the church Not available | the teaching ministry of the church is doc file DOC file
noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering short description about noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering Not available | noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering is pdf file PDF file
noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering short description about noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering Not available | noise of polyphase electric motors electrical and computer engineering is doc file DOC file
integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student short description about integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student Not available | integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student is pdf file PDF file
integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student short description about integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student Not available | integrating technology in the classroom tools to meet the need of every student is doc file DOC file
the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake short description about the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake Not available | the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake is pdf file PDF file
the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake short description about the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake Not available | the ultimate protein powder cookbook think outside the shake is doc file DOC file
ethics of animal use short description about ethics of animal use Not available | ethics of animal use is pdf file PDF file
ethics of animal use short description about ethics of animal use Not available | ethics of animal use is doc file DOC file
leading lean software development results are not the point short description about leading lean software development results are not the point Not available | leading lean software development results are not the point is pdf file PDF file
leading lean software development results are not the point short description about leading lean software development results are not the point Not available | leading lean software development results are not the point is doc file DOC file
adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book is pdf file PDF file
adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 12 classroom in a book is doc file DOC file
massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is pdf file PDF file
massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | massachusetts 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is doc file DOC file
the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s short description about the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s Not available | the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s is pdf file PDF file
the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s short description about the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s Not available | the new radicals a generational memoir of the 1970s is doc file DOC file
how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel short description about how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel Not available | how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel is pdf file PDF file
how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel short description about how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel Not available | how to get filthy rich in rising asia a novel is doc file DOC file
how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films short description about how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films Not available | how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films is pdf file PDF file
how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films short description about how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films Not available | how movies helped save my soul finding spiritual fingerprints in culturally significant films is doc file DOC file
attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 short description about attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 Not available | attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 is pdf file PDF file
attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 short description about attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 Not available | attack on titan the harsh mistress of the city part 2 is doc file DOC file
word problems grade 3 mathematics short description about word problems grade 3 mathematics Not available | word problems grade 3 mathematics is pdf file PDF file
word problems grade 3 mathematics short description about word problems grade 3 mathematics Not available | word problems grade 3 mathematics is doc file DOC file
big third and fourth grade workbook short description about big third and fourth grade workbook Not available | big third and fourth grade workbook is pdf file PDF file
big third and fourth grade workbook short description about big third and fourth grade workbook Not available | big third and fourth grade workbook is doc file DOC file
urban planning and the african american community in the shadows short description about urban planning and the african american community in the shadows Not available | urban planning and the african american community in the shadows is pdf file PDF file
urban planning and the african american community in the shadows short description about urban planning and the african american community in the shadows Not available | urban planning and the african american community in the shadows is doc file DOC file
nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders short description about nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders Not available | nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders is pdf file PDF file
nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders short description about nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders Not available | nourishing wisdom heartfelt conversations with a disease defying dietitian for people with autoimmune disorders is doc file DOC file
the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public short description about the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public Not available | the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public is pdf file PDF file
the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public short description about the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public Not available | the averaged american surveys citizens and the making of a mass public is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states naval base norfolk naval air station is doc file DOC file
what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life short description about what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life Not available | what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life is pdf file PDF file
what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life short description about what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life Not available | what dying people want practical wisdom for the end of life is doc file DOC file
beginning blues bass wdvd short description about beginning blues bass wdvd Not available | beginning blues bass wdvd is pdf file PDF file
beginning blues bass wdvd short description about beginning blues bass wdvd Not available | beginning blues bass wdvd is doc file DOC file
no more monsters for me i can read level 1 short description about no more monsters for me i can read level 1 Not available | no more monsters for me i can read level 1 is pdf file PDF file
no more monsters for me i can read level 1 short description about no more monsters for me i can read level 1 Not available | no more monsters for me i can read level 1 is doc file DOC file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 is pdf file PDF file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems author duane c abbey aug 2012 is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source paperback 2007 author johan thelin is doc file DOC file
overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work short description about overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work Not available | overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work is pdf file PDF file
overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work short description about overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work Not available | overcoming insomnia a cognitive behavioral therapy approach workbook treatments that work is doc file DOC file
the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem short description about the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem Not available | the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem is pdf file PDF file
the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem short description about the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem Not available | the grizzly bears of yellowstone their ecology in the yellowstone ecosystem is doc file DOC file
the stranger in the garden and other short stories short description about the stranger in the garden and other short stories Not available | the stranger in the garden and other short stories is pdf file PDF file
the stranger in the garden and other short stories short description about the stranger in the garden and other short stories Not available | the stranger in the garden and other short stories is doc file DOC file
primal frontier the stalkers in the storm short description about primal frontier the stalkers in the storm Not available | primal frontier the stalkers in the storm is pdf file PDF file
primal frontier the stalkers in the storm short description about primal frontier the stalkers in the storm Not available | primal frontier the stalkers in the storm is doc file DOC file
biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials short description about biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials Not available | biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials is pdf file PDF file
biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials short description about biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials Not available | biomechanics and mechanobiology of aneurysms studies in mechanobiology tissue engineering and biomaterials is doc file DOC file
cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering short description about cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering Not available | cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering is pdf file PDF file
cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering short description about cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering Not available | cost analysis for capital investment decisions cost engineering is doc file DOC file
a leg to stand on short description about a leg to stand on Not available | a leg to stand on is pdf file PDF file
a leg to stand on short description about a leg to stand on Not available | a leg to stand on is doc file DOC file
from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary short description about from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary Not available | from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary is pdf file PDF file
from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary short description about from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary Not available | from narromine to the nile jessie tomlins an australian army nurse in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war centenary is doc file DOC file
the road to oxiana short description about the road to oxiana Not available | the road to oxiana is pdf file PDF file
the road to oxiana short description about the road to oxiana Not available | the road to oxiana is doc file DOC file
playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature short description about playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature Not available | playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature is pdf file PDF file
playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature short description about playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature Not available | playing house motherhood intimacy and domestic spaces in julia francks fiction women in german literature is doc file DOC file
enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition short description about enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition Not available | enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition is pdf file PDF file
enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition short description about enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition Not available | enforcing ethics a scenario based workbook for police and corrections recruits and officers 3rd edition is doc file DOC file
academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback is pdf file PDF file
academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers by michael mccarthy 3 jan 2008 paperback is doc file DOC file
technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg short description about technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg Not available | technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg is pdf file PDF file
technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg short description about technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg Not available | technical manual tm 4 4807 fm 10 579 to 13c7 50 1 fm 10 579 fm 10 541 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the rapid runway repair kit and military bridg is doc file DOC file
a crisis of belief ethics and faith short description about a crisis of belief ethics and faith Not available | a crisis of belief ethics and faith is pdf file PDF file
a crisis of belief ethics and faith short description about a crisis of belief ethics and faith Not available | a crisis of belief ethics and faith is doc file DOC file
translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation short description about translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation Not available | translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation is pdf file PDF file
translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation short description about translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation Not available | translation adaptation and transformation continuum advances in translation is doc file DOC file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 is pdf file PDF file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series author lincoln geraghty published on september 2011 is doc file DOC file
authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition short description about authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition Not available | authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition is pdf file PDF file
authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition short description about authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition Not available | authentic assessment of the young child celebrating development and learning 2nd edition is doc file DOC file
nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning short description about nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning Not available | nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning is pdf file PDF file
nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning short description about nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning Not available | nebels elementary education creating a tapestry of learning is doc file DOC file
studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback short description about studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback Not available | studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback is pdf file PDF file
studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback short description about studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback Not available | studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by edwards paul k omahoney joe vincent steve 1st edition 2014 paperback is doc file DOC file
a first course in probability instructors solutions manual short description about a first course in probability instructors solutions manual Not available | a first course in probability instructors solutions manual is pdf file PDF file
a first course in probability instructors solutions manual short description about a first course in probability instructors solutions manual Not available | a first course in probability instructors solutions manual is doc file DOC file
partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers short description about partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers Not available | partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers is pdf file PDF file
partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers short description about partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers Not available | partnerships for health and human service nonprofits from collaborations to mergers is doc file DOC file
the game of love and death short description about the game of love and death Not available | the game of love and death is pdf file PDF file
the game of love and death short description about the game of love and death Not available | the game of love and death is doc file DOC file
rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions short description about rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions Not available | rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions is pdf file PDF file
rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions short description about rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions Not available | rogue nation american unilateralism and the failure of good intentions is doc file DOC file
suzuki gsx1400 service and repair manual 2002 to 2008 haynes motorcycle manuals short description about suzuki gsx1400 service and repair manual 2002 to 2008 haynes motorcycle manuals Not available | suzuki gsx1400 service and repair manual 2002 to 2008 haynes motorcycle manuals is doc file DOC file
fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications short description about fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications Not available | fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications is pdf file PDF file
fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications short description about fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications Not available | fundamentals of production logistics theory tools and applications is doc file DOC file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape is pdf file PDF file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape is doc file DOC file
2003 chevrolet trailblazer owners manual short description about 2003 chevrolet trailblazer owners manual Not available | 2003 chevrolet trailblazer owners manual is doc file DOC file
force of love forever and always 4 ryan and janice short description about force of love forever and always 4 ryan and janice Not available | force of love forever and always 4 ryan and janice is doc file DOC file
the fire this time young activists and the new feminism short description about the fire this time young activists and the new feminism Not available | the fire this time young activists and the new feminism is pdf file PDF file
the fire this time young activists and the new feminism short description about the fire this time young activists and the new feminism Not available | the fire this time young activists and the new feminism is doc file DOC file
setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback short description about setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback Not available | setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback is pdf file PDF file
setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback short description about setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback Not available | setting up community health programmes third 2009 edition by ted lankester 2009 paperback is doc file DOC file
managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook short description about managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook Not available | managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook is pdf file PDF file
managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook short description about managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook Not available | managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook is doc file DOC file
payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems short description about payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems Not available | payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems is pdf file PDF file
payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems short description about payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems Not available | payment systems and other financial transactions cases materials and problems is doc file DOC file
handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love short description about handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love Not available | handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love is pdf file PDF file
handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love short description about handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love Not available | handmade for baby 25 keepsakes to create with love is doc file DOC file
pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated short description about pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated Not available | pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated is pdf file PDF file
pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated short description about pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated Not available | pibot build your own raspberry pi powered robot 20 revised and updated is doc file DOC file
mystery of the mind short description about mystery of the mind Not available | mystery of the mind is pdf file PDF file
mystery of the mind short description about mystery of the mind Not available | mystery of the mind is doc file DOC file
the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris short description about the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris Not available | the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris is pdf file PDF file
the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris short description about the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris Not available | the birth of intimacy privacy and domestic life in early modern paris is doc file DOC file
looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing short description about looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing Not available | looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing is pdf file PDF file
looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing short description about looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing Not available | looking beyond the classroom get ready for the 21st century kindergarten an introduction to critical thinking reasoning and creative writing is doc file DOC file
preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods short description about preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods Not available | preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods is pdf file PDF file
preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods short description about preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods Not available | preservation and shelf life extension uv applications for fluid foods is doc file DOC file
maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars short description about maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars Not available | maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars is pdf file PDF file
maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars short description about maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars Not available | maple leaf empire canada britain and two world wars is doc file DOC file
california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is pdf file PDF file
california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | california 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is doc file DOC file
read with me bible an nirv story bible for children short description about read with me bible an nirv story bible for children Not available | read with me bible an nirv story bible for children is pdf file PDF file
read with me bible an nirv story bible for children short description about read with me bible an nirv story bible for children Not available | read with me bible an nirv story bible for children is doc file DOC file
courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing short description about courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing Not available | courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing is pdf file PDF file
courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing short description about courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing Not available | courts and consociations human rights versus power sharing is doc file DOC file
how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 short description about how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 Not available | how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 is pdf file PDF file
how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 short description about how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 Not available | how to remember phone numbers brain owners manual book 2 is doc file DOC file
energy harvesting materials short description about energy harvesting materials Not available | energy harvesting materials is doc file DOC file
stories to remember volume ii short description about stories to remember volume ii Not available | stories to remember volume ii is pdf file PDF file
stories to remember volume ii short description about stories to remember volume ii Not available | stories to remember volume ii is doc file DOC file
the double agents men at war short description about the double agents men at war Not available | the double agents men at war is pdf file PDF file
the double agents men at war short description about the double agents men at war Not available | the double agents men at war is doc file DOC file
theodore boone the activist short description about theodore boone the activist Not available | theodore boone the activist is pdf file PDF file
theodore boone the activist short description about theodore boone the activist Not available | theodore boone the activist is doc file DOC file
student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback short description about student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback Not available | student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback is pdf file PDF file
student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback short description about student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback Not available | student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition by ross sheldon m academic press 2005 paperback 2nd edition paperback is doc file DOC file
variable speed ac drives with inverter output filters short description about variable speed ac drives with inverter output filters Not available | variable speed ac drives with inverter output filters is doc file DOC file
customer service skills for success short description about customer service skills for success Not available | customer service skills for success is pdf file PDF file
customer service skills for success short description about customer service skills for success Not available | customer service skills for success is doc file DOC file
alternative and activist new media short description about alternative and activist new media Not available | alternative and activist new media is pdf file PDF file
alternative and activist new media short description about alternative and activist new media Not available | alternative and activist new media is doc file DOC file
corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology short description about corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology Not available | corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology is pdf file PDF file
corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology short description about corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology Not available | corrosion of ceramic materials third edition corrosion technology is doc file DOC file
exploring science qca pupils book year 8 short description about exploring science qca pupils book year 8 Not available | exploring science qca pupils book year 8 is doc file DOC file
down and dirty a how to math book short description about down and dirty a how to math book Not available | down and dirty a how to math book is pdf file PDF file
down and dirty a how to math book short description about down and dirty a how to math book Not available | down and dirty a how to math book is doc file DOC file
protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more short description about protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more Not available | protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more is pdf file PDF file
protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more short description about protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more Not available | protein powder cookingbeyond the shake 200 delicious recipes to supercharge every dish with whey soy casein and more is doc file DOC file
consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 short description about consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 Not available | consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 is pdf file PDF file
consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 short description about consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 Not available | consumers against capitalism consumer cooperation in europe north america and japan 1840 1990 author ellen furlough mar 1999 is doc file DOC file
7th heaven womens murder club short description about 7th heaven womens murder club Not available | 7th heaven womens murder club is pdf file PDF file
7th heaven womens murder club short description about 7th heaven womens murder club Not available | 7th heaven womens murder club is doc file DOC file
domestic sex goddess short description about domestic sex goddess Not available | domestic sex goddess is pdf file PDF file
domestic sex goddess short description about domestic sex goddess Not available | domestic sex goddess is doc file DOC file
caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow short description about caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow Not available | caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow is pdf file PDF file
caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow short description about caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow Not available | caught between roosevelt and stalin americas ambassadors to moscow is doc file DOC file
the history of the church in art a guide to imagery short description about the history of the church in art a guide to imagery Not available | the history of the church in art a guide to imagery is pdf file PDF file
the history of the church in art a guide to imagery short description about the history of the church in art a guide to imagery Not available | the history of the church in art a guide to imagery is doc file DOC file
fasting made simple road map results and rewards short description about fasting made simple road map results and rewards Not available | fasting made simple road map results and rewards is pdf file PDF file
fasting made simple road map results and rewards short description about fasting made simple road map results and rewards Not available | fasting made simple road map results and rewards is doc file DOC file
the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom short description about the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom Not available | the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom is pdf file PDF file
the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom short description about the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom Not available | the turbine pilots flight manual includes aircraft systems cd rom is doc file DOC file
skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 short description about skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 Not available | skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 is pdf file PDF file
skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 short description about skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 Not available | skills for success with excel 2013 comprehensive skills for success office 2013 is doc file DOC file
health psychology theory research and practice short description about health psychology theory research and practice Not available | health psychology theory research and practice is pdf file PDF file
health psychology theory research and practice short description about health psychology theory research and practice Not available | health psychology theory research and practice is doc file DOC file
catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith short description about catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith Not available | catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith is pdf file PDF file
catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith short description about catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith Not available | catholic and christian for young adults questions and answers about the faith is doc file DOC file
rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics short description about rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics Not available | rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics is pdf file PDF file
rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics short description about rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics Not available | rhetorical criticism perspectives in action communication media and politics is doc file DOC file
physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences short description about physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences Not available | physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences is pdf file PDF file
physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences short description about physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences Not available | physical chemistry for engineering and applied sciences is doc file DOC file
filthy wicked games dirty twisted love book 2 short description about filthy wicked games dirty twisted love book 2 Not available | filthy wicked games dirty twisted love book 2 is doc file DOC file
rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 short description about rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 Not available | rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 is pdf file PDF file
rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 short description about rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 Not available | rv living for beginners simple tools tips hacks to make debt free full time motorhome living as stress free and enjoyable as possible rv boondocking volume 2 is doc file DOC file
the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition short description about the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition Not available | the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition is pdf file PDF file
the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition short description about the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition Not available | the american nation volume i a history of the united states to 1877 12th edition is doc file DOC file
you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together short description about you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together Not available | you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together is pdf file PDF file
you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together short description about you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together Not available | you read to me ill read to you very short stories to read together is doc file DOC file
beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada short description about beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada Not available | beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada is pdf file PDF file
beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada short description about beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada Not available | beyond the coffee shop riding 1970s moto guzzis in northern canada is doc file DOC file
polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life short description about polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life Not available | polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life is pdf file PDF file
polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life short description about polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life Not available | polarization and the healthier church applying bowen family systems theory to conflict and change in society and congregational life is doc file DOC file
avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds short description about avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds Not available | avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds is pdf file PDF file
avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds short description about avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds Not available | avian medicine and surgery in practice companion and aviary birds is doc file DOC file
new owners guide to boxers jg dog short description about new owners guide to boxers jg dog Not available | new owners guide to boxers jg dog is pdf file PDF file
new owners guide to boxers jg dog short description about new owners guide to boxers jg dog Not available | new owners guide to boxers jg dog is doc file DOC file
habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america short description about habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america Not available | habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america is pdf file PDF file
habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america short description about habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america Not available | habitat management for migrating and wintering waterfowl in north america is doc file DOC file
restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover short description about restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover Not available | restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover is pdf file PDF file
restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover short description about restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover Not available | restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection by kenyon gary randall william 1997 hardcover is doc file DOC file
clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series short description about clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series Not available | clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series is pdf file PDF file
clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series short description about clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series Not available | clinical work with substance abusing clients third edition guilford substance abuse series is doc file DOC file
save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series short description about save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series Not available | save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series is pdf file PDF file
save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series short description about save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series Not available | save my soul book 1 in the kemmons brothers baseball series is doc file DOC file
a stranger in the garden short description about a stranger in the garden Not available | a stranger in the garden is pdf file PDF file
a stranger in the garden short description about a stranger in the garden Not available | a stranger in the garden is doc file DOC file
innovative control charting short description about innovative control charting Not available | innovative control charting is doc file DOC file
biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses short description about biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses Not available | biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses is pdf file PDF file
biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses short description about biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses Not available | biological interactions on materials surfaces understanding and controlling protein cell and tissue responses is doc file DOC file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 is pdf file PDF file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems paperback august 7 2012 is doc file DOC file
too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy short description about too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy Not available | too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy is pdf file PDF file
too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy short description about too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy Not available | too stressed to think a teen guide to staying sane when life makes you crazy is doc file DOC file
legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates short description about legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates Not available | legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates is pdf file PDF file
legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates short description about legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates Not available | legal effects of fluctuating exchange rates is doc file DOC file
investigations in the workplace short description about investigations in the workplace Not available | investigations in the workplace is pdf file PDF file
investigations in the workplace short description about investigations in the workplace Not available | investigations in the workplace is doc file DOC file
forced reaction short description about forced reaction Not available | forced reaction is pdf file PDF file
forced reaction short description about forced reaction Not available | forced reaction is doc file DOC file
nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being short description about nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being Not available | nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being is pdf file PDF file
nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being short description about nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being Not available | nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being is doc file DOC file
down and dirty dare me book 2 short description about down and dirty dare me book 2 Not available | down and dirty dare me book 2 is pdf file PDF file
down and dirty dare me book 2 short description about down and dirty dare me book 2 Not available | down and dirty dare me book 2 is doc file DOC file
the works of rudyard kipling 500 works short description about the works of rudyard kipling 500 works Not available | the works of rudyard kipling 500 works is pdf file PDF file
the works of rudyard kipling 500 works short description about the works of rudyard kipling 500 works Not available | the works of rudyard kipling 500 works is doc file DOC file
2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction project management and practice paperbackchinese edition short description about 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction project management and practice paperbackchinese edition Not available | 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction project management and practice paperbackchinese edition is doc file DOC file
milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology short description about milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology Not available | milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology is pdf file PDF file
milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology short description about milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology Not available | milk proteins second edition from expression to food food science and technology is doc file DOC file
health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies short description about health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies Not available | health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies is pdf file PDF file
health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies short description about health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies Not available | health breakthroughs from a to z a look at the some of the most fascinating recent health studies is doc file DOC file
connect access card for medical coding fundamentals short description about connect access card for medical coding fundamentals Not available | connect access card for medical coding fundamentals is pdf file PDF file
connect access card for medical coding fundamentals short description about connect access card for medical coding fundamentals Not available | connect access card for medical coding fundamentals is doc file DOC file
playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities short description about playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities Not available | playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities is pdf file PDF file
playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities short description about playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities Not available | playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities is doc file DOC file
world studies the united states and canada student edition short description about world studies the united states and canada student edition Not available | world studies the united states and canada student edition is pdf file PDF file
world studies the united states and canada student edition short description about world studies the united states and canada student edition Not available | world studies the united states and canada student edition is doc file DOC file
crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book short description about crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book Not available | crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book is pdf file PDF file
crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book short description about crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book Not available | crisis and leviathan critical episodes in the growth of american government a pacific research institute for public policy book is doc file DOC file
does my head look big in this short description about does my head look big in this Not available | does my head look big in this is pdf file PDF file
does my head look big in this short description about does my head look big in this Not available | does my head look big in this is doc file DOC file
watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails short description about watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails Not available | watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails is pdf file PDF file
watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails short description about watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails Not available | watching washington butterflies an interpretive guide to the states 134 species including most of the butterflies of oregon idaho and british columbia the trails is doc file DOC file
a time to rage determinations short description about a time to rage determinations Not available | a time to rage determinations is pdf file PDF file
a time to rage determinations short description about a time to rage determinations Not available | a time to rage determinations is doc file DOC file
freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away short description about freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away Not available | freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away is pdf file PDF file
freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away short description about freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away Not available | freedom betrayed how america led a global democratic revolution won the cold war and walked away is doc file DOC file
the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse short description about the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse Not available | the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse is pdf file PDF file
the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse short description about the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse Not available | the pathology of drug abuse third edition karchs pathology of drug abuse is doc file DOC file
kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway short description about kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway Not available | kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway is pdf file PDF file
kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway short description about kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway Not available | kingdom beyond borders finding hope along the refugee highway finding hope along the refugee highway is doc file DOC file
dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 short description about dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 Not available | dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 is pdf file PDF file
dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 short description about dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 Not available | dwell magazine februarymarch 2006 modern on the inside traditional on the outside vol 06 issue 03 is doc file DOC file
privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience short description about privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience Not available | privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience is pdf file PDF file
privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience short description about privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience Not available | privatization of water services in the united states an assessment of issues and experience is doc file DOC file
louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is pdf file PDF file
louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | louisiana 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is doc file DOC file
collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback short description about collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback Not available | collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback is pdf file PDF file
collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback short description about collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback Not available | collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by dr peter neville 7 nov 2005 paperback is doc file DOC file
seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition short description about seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition Not available | seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition is pdf file PDF file
seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition short description about seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition Not available | seeleys anatomy physiology 9th edition is doc file DOC file
how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school short description about how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school Not available | how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school is pdf file PDF file
how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school short description about how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school Not available | how to teach thinking and learning skills a practical programme for the whole school is doc file DOC file
dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance short description about dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance Not available | dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance is pdf file PDF file
dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance short description about dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance Not available | dishwasher manual diy plumbing fault finding repair and maintenance is doc file DOC file
my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series short description about my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series Not available | my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series is pdf file PDF file
my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series short description about my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series Not available | my soul to save book 3 soul keeper series is doc file DOC file
translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 short description about translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 Not available | translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 is pdf file PDF file
translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 short description about translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 Not available | translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on march 2012 is doc file DOC file
for the love of the game my story short description about for the love of the game my story Not available | for the love of the game my story is pdf file PDF file
for the love of the game my story short description about for the love of the game my story Not available | for the love of the game my story is doc file DOC file
elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 short description about elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 Not available | elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 is pdf file PDF file
elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 short description about elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 Not available | elements of multinational strategy by keith head 2007 12 04 is doc file DOC file
read me a bible story 365 short description about read me a bible story 365 Not available | read me a bible story 365 is doc file DOC file
spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers short description about spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers Not available | spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers is pdf file PDF file
spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers short description about spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers Not available | spellbinding sentences a writers guide to achieving excellence and captivating readers is doc file DOC file
answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books short description about answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books Not available | answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books is pdf file PDF file
answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books short description about answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books Not available | answers book for teens vol 2 answers book master books is doc file DOC file
the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec short description about the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec Not available | the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec is pdf file PDF file
the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec short description about the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec Not available | the complete illustrated history of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of central america mexico including the aztec maya olmec is doc file DOC file
guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles short description about guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles Not available | guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles is pdf file PDF file
guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles short description about guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles Not available | guide to the battle of gettysburg second edition revised and expanded us army war college guides to civil war battles is doc file DOC file
the dog owners survival guide short description about the dog owners survival guide Not available | the dog owners survival guide is doc file DOC file
nobody americas war on the vulnerable from ferguson to baltimore and beyond short description about nobody americas war on the vulnerable from ferguson to baltimore and beyond Not available | nobody americas war on the vulnerable from ferguson to baltimore and beyond is doc file DOC file
the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids short description about the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids Not available | the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids is pdf file PDF file
the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids short description about the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids Not available | the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids is doc file DOC file
advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 short description about advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 Not available | advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 is pdf file PDF file
advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 short description about advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 Not available | advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics author emma previato jun 2001 is doc file DOC file
varieties of environmentalism essays north and south short description about varieties of environmentalism essays north and south Not available | varieties of environmentalism essays north and south is pdf file PDF file
varieties of environmentalism essays north and south short description about varieties of environmentalism essays north and south Not available | varieties of environmentalism essays north and south is doc file DOC file
nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series short description about nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series Not available | nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series is pdf file PDF file
nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series short description about nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series Not available | nonprofit organizations cases and materials university casebook series is doc file DOC file
ideologies of history in the spanish golden age studies in romance literatures short description about ideologies of history in the spanish golden age studies in romance literatures Not available | ideologies of history in the spanish golden age studies in romance literatures is doc file DOC file
electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering short description about electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering Not available | electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering is pdf file PDF file
electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering short description about electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering Not available | electrical contacts fundamentals applications and technology electrical and computer engineering is doc file DOC file
critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition short description about critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition Not available | critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition is pdf file PDF file
critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition short description about critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition Not available | critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition is doc file DOC file
adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book is pdf file PDF file
adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 8 classroom in a book is doc file DOC file
potato sprout inhibition using gamma irradiation shelf life extension by reducing microbial load in potato short description about potato sprout inhibition using gamma irradiation shelf life extension by reducing microbial load in potato Not available | potato sprout inhibition using gamma irradiation shelf life extension by reducing microbial load in potato is doc file DOC file
after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project short description about after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project Not available | after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project is pdf file PDF file
after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project short description about after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project Not available | after leaning to one side china and its allies in the cold war cold war international history project is doc file DOC file
domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies short description about domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies Not available | domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies is pdf file PDF file
domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies short description about domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies Not available | domestic intimacies incest and the liberal subject in nineteenth century america early american studies is doc file DOC file
techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 short description about techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 Not available | techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 is pdf file PDF file
techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 short description about techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 Not available | techniques in complete denture technology by duncan j wood 2012 04 23 is doc file DOC file
women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism short description about women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism Not available | women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism is pdf file PDF file
women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism short description about women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism Not available | women family and utopia communal experiments of the shakers the oneida community and the mormons utopianism and communitarianism is doc file DOC file
quantum field theory and noncommutative geometry lecture notes in physics short description about quantum field theory and noncommutative geometry lecture notes in physics Not available | quantum field theory and noncommutative geometry lecture notes in physics is doc file DOC file
journeyman the force of the gods part i short description about journeyman the force of the gods part i Not available | journeyman the force of the gods part i is pdf file PDF file
journeyman the force of the gods part i short description about journeyman the force of the gods part i Not available | journeyman the force of the gods part i is doc file DOC file
us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine short description about us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine Not available | us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine is pdf file PDF file
us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine short description about us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine Not available | us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine is doc file DOC file
case studies on diversity and social justice education short description about case studies on diversity and social justice education Not available | case studies on diversity and social justice education is pdf file PDF file
case studies on diversity and social justice education short description about case studies on diversity and social justice education Not available | case studies on diversity and social justice education is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment general mail and vehicle maintenance facility united states postal service buffalo ny is doc file DOC file
new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america short description about new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america Not available | new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america is pdf file PDF file
new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america short description about new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america Not available | new world coming the 1920s and the making of modern america is doc file DOC file
ultrasonic diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease doppler techniques and pulse echo imaging developments in cardiovascular medicine short description about ultrasonic diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease doppler techniques and pulse echo imaging developments in cardiovascular medicine Not available | ultrasonic diagnosis of cerebrovascular disease doppler techniques and pulse echo imaging developments in cardiovascular medicine is doc file DOC file
cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video short description about cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video Not available | cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video is pdf file PDF file
cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video short description about cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video Not available | cashing in online with viral ipod videos explode your viral marketing with these secret viral marketing strategies and make more money online using viral ipod video is doc file DOC file
odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents short description about odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents Not available | odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents is pdf file PDF file
odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents short description about odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents Not available | odyssey in climate modeling global warming and advising five presidents is doc file DOC file
read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries short description about read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries Not available | read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries is pdf file PDF file
read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries short description about read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries Not available | read to me grandma treasury a beautiful collection of classic stories to share treasuries is doc file DOC file
organic reactions simplicity and logic short description about organic reactions simplicity and logic Not available | organic reactions simplicity and logic is pdf file PDF file
organic reactions simplicity and logic short description about organic reactions simplicity and logic Not available | organic reactions simplicity and logic is doc file DOC file
boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring short description about boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring Not available | boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring is pdf file PDF file
boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring short description about boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring Not available | boatowners illustrated handbook of wiring is doc file DOC file
equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience short description about equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience Not available | equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience is pdf file PDF file
equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience short description about equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience Not available | equitable and sustainable pensions challenges and experience is doc file DOC file
internet marketing from the real experts short description about internet marketing from the real experts Not available | internet marketing from the real experts is pdf file PDF file
internet marketing from the real experts short description about internet marketing from the real experts Not available | internet marketing from the real experts is doc file DOC file
lets review english lets review series short description about lets review english lets review series Not available | lets review english lets review series is pdf file PDF file
lets review english lets review series short description about lets review english lets review series Not available | lets review english lets review series is doc file DOC file
prentice hall health student edition c2010 short description about prentice hall health student edition c2010 Not available | prentice hall health student edition c2010 is pdf file PDF file
prentice hall health student edition c2010 short description about prentice hall health student edition c2010 Not available | prentice hall health student edition c2010 is doc file DOC file
agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace short description about agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace Not available | agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace is pdf file PDF file
agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace short description about agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace Not available | agentry agenda selling food in a frictionless marketplace is doc file DOC file
locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better short description about locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better Not available | locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better is pdf file PDF file
locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better short description about locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better Not available | locked down locked out why prison doesnt work and how we can do better is doc file DOC file
scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development short description about scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development Not available | scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development is pdf file PDF file
scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development short description about scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development Not available | scrumban essays on kanban systems for lean software development is doc file DOC file
skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise short description about skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise Not available | skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise is pdf file PDF file
skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise short description about skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise Not available | skills for personal historians 102 savvy ideas to boost your expertise is doc file DOC file
kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 short description about kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 Not available | kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 is pdf file PDF file
kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 short description about kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 Not available | kissing architecture point essays on architecture by lavin sylvia published by princeton university press 2011 is doc file DOC file
les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play short description about les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play Not available | les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play is pdf file PDF file
les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play short description about les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play Not available | les mcgehee plays well with others a grown up handbook of improvisation and play is doc file DOC file
american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 short description about american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 Not available | american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 is pdf file PDF file
american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 short description about american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 Not available | american science in an age of anxiety scientists anticommunism and the cold war reflibrary of the humanities 1902 is doc file DOC file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems is pdf file PDF file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessments for research developments laboratories is doc file DOC file
act a road map to results short description about act a road map to results Not available | act a road map to results is pdf file PDF file
act a road map to results short description about act a road map to results Not available | act a road map to results is doc file DOC file
read to me toddlers bible short description about read to me toddlers bible Not available | read to me toddlers bible is pdf file PDF file
read to me toddlers bible short description about read to me toddlers bible Not available | read to me toddlers bible is doc file DOC file
modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 short description about modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 Not available | modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 is pdf file PDF file
modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 short description about modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 Not available | modelling event based interactions in component based architectures for quantitative system evaluation the karlsruhe series on software design and quality volume 1 is doc file DOC file
mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 short description about mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 Not available | mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 is pdf file PDF file
mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 short description about mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 Not available | mathmatics for georgia schools volume 3 copyright 1962 is doc file DOC file
mining my own business short description about mining my own business Not available | mining my own business is pdf file PDF file
mining my own business short description about mining my own business Not available | mining my own business is doc file DOC file
photoshop down dirty tricks for designers short description about photoshop down dirty tricks for designers Not available | photoshop down dirty tricks for designers is pdf file PDF file
photoshop down dirty tricks for designers short description about photoshop down dirty tricks for designers Not available | photoshop down dirty tricks for designers is doc file DOC file
raspberry pi projects for kids second edition short description about raspberry pi projects for kids second edition Not available | raspberry pi projects for kids second edition is pdf file PDF file
raspberry pi projects for kids second edition short description about raspberry pi projects for kids second edition Not available | raspberry pi projects for kids second edition is doc file DOC file
48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements short description about 48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements Not available | 48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements is pdf file PDF file
48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements short description about 48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements Not available | 48 high protein salads for bodybuilders gain muscle not fat without whey milk or synthetic protein supplements is doc file DOC file
density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry short description about density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry Not available | density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry is pdf file PDF file
density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry short description about density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry Not available | density functional methods for excited states topics in current chemistry is doc file DOC file
down the garden path short description about down the garden path Not available | down the garden path is pdf file PDF file
down the garden path short description about down the garden path Not available | down the garden path is doc file DOC file
rocky mountain bugs family field guide series volume 4 short description about rocky mountain bugs family field guide series volume 4 Not available | rocky mountain bugs family field guide series volume 4 is doc file DOC file
political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought short description about political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought Not available | political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought is pdf file PDF file
political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought short description about political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought Not available | political nature environmentalism and the interpretation of western thought is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source by thelin johan 2007 paperback is doc file DOC file
health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems short description about health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems Not available | health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems is pdf file PDF file
health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems short description about health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems Not available | health information exchange navigating and managing a network of health information systems is doc file DOC file
adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book is pdf file PDF file
adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book short description about adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book Not available | adobe premiere elements 11 classroom in a book is doc file DOC file
translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 short description about translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 Not available | translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 is pdf file PDF file
translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 short description about translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 Not available | translation adaptation and transformation author laurence raw published on january 2014 is doc file DOC file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback is pdf file PDF file
cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback short description about cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback Not available | cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st edition by abbey duane c 2012 paperback is doc file DOC file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series is pdf file PDF file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series is doc file DOC file
adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering short description about adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering Not available | adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering is pdf file PDF file
adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering short description about adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering Not available | adaptive antennas and receivers electrical and computer engineering is doc file DOC file
sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures short description about sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures Not available | sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures is pdf file PDF file
sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures short description about sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures Not available | sites of disquiet the non space in spanish american short narratives and their cinematic transformations purdue studies in romance literatures is doc file DOC file
sharepoint 2010 how to short description about sharepoint 2010 how to Not available | sharepoint 2010 how to is pdf file PDF file
sharepoint 2010 how to short description about sharepoint 2010 how to Not available | sharepoint 2010 how to is doc file DOC file
improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy short description about improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy Not available | improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy is pdf file PDF file
improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy short description about improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy Not available | improving governance a new logic for empirical research american government and public policy is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the us army corps of engineers john h kerr dam and reservor boydton va is doc file DOC file
by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback short description about by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback Not available | by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback is pdf file PDF file
by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback short description about by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback Not available | by duane c abbey cost based charge based and contractual payment systems healthcare payment systems 1st frist edition paperback is doc file DOC file
dogs an owners guide short description about dogs an owners guide Not available | dogs an owners guide is pdf file PDF file
dogs an owners guide short description about dogs an owners guide Not available | dogs an owners guide is doc file DOC file
how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public short description about how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public Not available | how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public is pdf file PDF file
how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public short description about how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public Not available | how to write a lot a practical guide to productive academic writing lifetools books for the general public is doc file DOC file
orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla short description about orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla Not available | orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla is pdf file PDF file
orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla short description about orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla Not available | orphans of petrarch poetry and theory in the spanish renaissance center for medieval and renaissance studies ucla is doc file DOC file
boxer smart owners guide short description about boxer smart owners guide Not available | boxer smart owners guide is pdf file PDF file
boxer smart owners guide short description about boxer smart owners guide Not available | boxer smart owners guide is doc file DOC file
between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc short description about between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc Not available | between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc is pdf file PDF file
between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc short description about between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc Not available | between justice and beauty race planning and the failure of urban policy in washington dc is doc file DOC file
consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 short description about consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 Not available | consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 is pdf file PDF file
consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 short description about consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 Not available | consumers against capitalism 1999 02 01 is doc file DOC file
mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home short description about mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home Not available | mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home is pdf file PDF file
mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home short description about mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home Not available | mobile art 35 beautiful hanging decorations for your home is doc file DOC file
sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation short description about sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation Not available | sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation is pdf file PDF file
sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation short description about sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation Not available | sensorless control of ac motor drives speed and position sensorless operation is doc file DOC file
west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 short description about west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 Not available | west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 is pdf file PDF file
west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 short description about west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 Not available | west australian mining industry issued as a special edition of the australian mining standard dec 8 1904 is doc file DOC file
500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young short description about 500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young Not available | 500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young is pdf file PDF file
500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young short description about 500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young Not available | 500 of the healthiest recipes health tips youll ever need to improve your health boost your energy stimulate your brain and stay young is doc file DOC file
voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology short description about voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology Not available | voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology is pdf file PDF file
voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology short description about voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology Not available | voices for diversity and social justice a literary education anthology is doc file DOC file
markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series short description about markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series Not available | markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series is pdf file PDF file
markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series short description about markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series Not available | markets and the environment foundations of contemporary environmental studies series is doc file DOC file
architecture of the arkansas ozarks short description about architecture of the arkansas ozarks Not available | architecture of the arkansas ozarks is pdf file PDF file
architecture of the arkansas ozarks short description about architecture of the arkansas ozarks Not available | architecture of the arkansas ozarks is doc file DOC file
roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides short description about roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides Not available | roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides is pdf file PDF file
roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides short description about roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides Not available | roadmap to 3rd grade math virginia edition state test preparation guides is doc file DOC file
the comfort of strangers short description about the comfort of strangers Not available | the comfort of strangers is pdf file PDF file
the comfort of strangers short description about the comfort of strangers Not available | the comfort of strangers is doc file DOC file
european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs short description about european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs Not available | european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs is pdf file PDF file
european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs short description about european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs Not available | european union delegations in eu foreign policy a diplomatic service of different speeds the european union in international affairs is doc file DOC file
cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples short description about cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples Not available | cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples is pdf file PDF file
cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples short description about cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples Not available | cytohistology essential and basic concepts cytohistology of small tissue samples is doc file DOC file
academic vocabulary in use with answers short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers is pdf file PDF file
academic vocabulary in use with answers short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers is doc file DOC file
the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics short description about the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics Not available | the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics is pdf file PDF file
the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics short description about the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics Not available | the second nuclear age strategy danger and the new power politics is doc file DOC file
ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide short description about ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide Not available | ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide is pdf file PDF file
ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide short description about ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide Not available | ptcb exam simplified pharmacy technician certification exam study guide is doc file DOC file
testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library short description about testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library Not available | testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library is pdf file PDF file
testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library short description about testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library Not available | testing and quality assurance for component based software artech house computing library is doc file DOC file
belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library short description about belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library Not available | belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library is pdf file PDF file
belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library short description about belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library Not available | belgium mineral mining sector investment and business guide volume 1 strategic information and regulations world business and investment library is doc file DOC file
homeland security a documentary history short description about homeland security a documentary history Not available | homeland security a documentary history is pdf file PDF file
homeland security a documentary history short description about homeland security a documentary history Not available | homeland security a documentary history is doc file DOC file
the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory short description about the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory Not available | the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory is pdf file PDF file
the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory short description about the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory Not available | the irish ordnance survey history culture and memory is doc file DOC file
selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families short description about selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families Not available | selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families is pdf file PDF file
selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families short description about selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families Not available | selling groceries more on amazon the ultimate home based business for families is doc file DOC file
mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction short description about mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction Not available | mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction is pdf file PDF file
mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction short description about mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction Not available | mystery indesicive private investigators detective legal political police procedural criminal mind crime mystery thriller suspense science fiction is doc file DOC file
fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class short description about fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class Not available | fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class is pdf file PDF file
fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class short description about fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class Not available | fools and knaves a pragmatists view of the economic warfare being waged by the republican party against the great american middle class is doc file DOC file
fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included short description about fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included Not available | fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included is pdf file PDF file
fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included short description about fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included Not available | fabricating printed circuit boards demystifying technology cd rom included is doc file DOC file
primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 short description about primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 Not available | primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 is pdf file PDF file
primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 short description about primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 Not available | primal secrets of powerful healing revealed connection with the real universal power through passive concentration a trilogy of essential healing secrets book 2 is doc file DOC file
handbook of photochemistry third edition short description about handbook of photochemistry third edition Not available | handbook of photochemistry third edition is doc file DOC file
the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature short description about the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature Not available | the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature is pdf file PDF file
the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature short description about the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature Not available | the down and dirty guide to camping with kids how to plan memorable family adventures and connect kids to nature is doc file DOC file
audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting short description about audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting Not available | audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting is pdf file PDF file
audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting short description about audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting Not available | audition a complete guide to headshot secrets from working actors that get you noticed by casting directors headshot photography audition auditioning acting is doc file DOC file
bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics short description about bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics Not available | bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics is pdf file PDF file
bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics short description about bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics Not available | bridges over water understanding transboundary water conflict negotiation and cooperation world scientific series on energy and resource economics is doc file DOC file
nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 short description about nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 Not available | nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 is pdf file PDF file
nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 short description about nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 Not available | nifty fifty state facts for fun book 1 is doc file DOC file
by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover short description about by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover Not available | by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover is pdf file PDF file
by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover short description about by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover Not available | by alexander levitov critical care ultrasonography 2nd second edition hardcover is doc file DOC file
economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report short description about economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report Not available | economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report is pdf file PDF file
economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report short description about economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report Not available | economic aspects of obesity national bureau of economic research conference report is doc file DOC file
strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population short description about strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population Not available | strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population is pdf file PDF file
strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population short description about strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population Not available | strangers in the city reconfigurations of space power and social networks within chinas floating population is doc file DOC file
the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it short description about the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it Not available | the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it is pdf file PDF file
the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it short description about the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it Not available | the perennial care manual a plant by plant guide what to do when to do it is doc file DOC file
macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics short description about macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics Not available | macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics is pdf file PDF file
macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics short description about macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics Not available | macroeconomics 12th edition pearson series in economics is doc file DOC file
the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 short description about the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 Not available | the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 is pdf file PDF file
the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 short description about the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 Not available | the psychology of wealth its time to rage against the theft of your financial freedom infinite wealth trilogy book 1 is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment united states coast guard aviation training center mobile alabama is doc file DOC file
north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is pdf file PDF file
north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards short description about north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards Not available | north carolina 5th grade math test prep common core learning standards is doc file DOC file
storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology short description about storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology Not available | storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology is pdf file PDF file
storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology short description about storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology Not available | storying later life issues investigations and interventions in narrative gerontology is doc file DOC file
a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary short description about a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary Not available | a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary is pdf file PDF file
a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary short description about a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary Not available | a nominal roll of australian nurses who served in the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian college of centenary is doc file DOC file
diversity and social justice in a changing united states short description about diversity and social justice in a changing united states Not available | diversity and social justice in a changing united states is pdf file PDF file
diversity and social justice in a changing united states short description about diversity and social justice in a changing united states Not available | diversity and social justice in a changing united states is doc file DOC file
7 murder detective novels boxed set short description about 7 murder detective novels boxed set Not available | 7 murder detective novels boxed set is pdf file PDF file
7 murder detective novels boxed set short description about 7 murder detective novels boxed set Not available | 7 murder detective novels boxed set is doc file DOC file
technological tools for the literacy classroom short description about technological tools for the literacy classroom Not available | technological tools for the literacy classroom is pdf file PDF file
technological tools for the literacy classroom short description about technological tools for the literacy classroom Not available | technological tools for the literacy classroom is doc file DOC file
setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 short description about setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 Not available | setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 is pdf file PDF file
setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 short description about setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 Not available | setting up community health programmes by ted lankester 2009 02 04 is doc file DOC file
scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente short description about scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente Not available | scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente is pdf file PDF file
scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente short description about scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente Not available | scarlet poppies the army experience of australian nurses during the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an australian cente is doc file DOC file
online shopping advantages saving time effort money short description about online shopping advantages saving time effort money Not available | online shopping advantages saving time effort money is pdf file PDF file
online shopping advantages saving time effort money short description about online shopping advantages saving time effort money Not available | online shopping advantages saving time effort money is doc file DOC file
the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic short description about the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic Not available | the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic is pdf file PDF file
the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic short description about the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic Not available | the sacred formulas of the cherokees seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary of the smithsonian institution 1885 1886 government offic is doc file DOC file
muslim communities in australia short description about muslim communities in australia Not available | muslim communities in australia is pdf file PDF file
muslim communities in australia short description about muslim communities in australia Not available | muslim communities in australia is doc file DOC file
study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states short description about study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states Not available | study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states is pdf file PDF file
study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states short description about study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states Not available | study guide for essentials of pathophysiology concepts of altered health states is doc file DOC file
modeling with nlp short description about modeling with nlp Not available | modeling with nlp is pdf file PDF file
modeling with nlp short description about modeling with nlp Not available | modeling with nlp is doc file DOC file
elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 short description about elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 Not available | elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 is pdf file PDF file
elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 short description about elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 Not available | elements of multinational strategy author keith head jan 2008 is doc file DOC file
sports on television the how and why behind what you see short description about sports on television the how and why behind what you see Not available | sports on television the how and why behind what you see is pdf file PDF file
sports on television the how and why behind what you see short description about sports on television the how and why behind what you see Not available | sports on television the how and why behind what you see is doc file DOC file
7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences short description about 7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences Not available | 7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences is pdf file PDF file
7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences short description about 7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences Not available | 7 seven kinds of smart identifying and developing your multiple intelligences is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st first edition text only is doc file DOC file
making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american short description about making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american Not available | making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american is pdf file PDF file
making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american short description about making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american Not available | making hispanics how activists bureaucrats and media constructed a new american is doc file DOC file
management an integrated approach short description about management an integrated approach Not available | management an integrated approach is pdf file PDF file
management an integrated approach short description about management an integrated approach Not available | management an integrated approach is doc file DOC file
spinoza and other heretics two volume set short description about spinoza and other heretics two volume set Not available | spinoza and other heretics two volume set is pdf file PDF file
spinoza and other heretics two volume set short description about spinoza and other heretics two volume set Not available | spinoza and other heretics two volume set is doc file DOC file
domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain short description about domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain Not available | domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain is pdf file PDF file
domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain short description about domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain Not available | domestic affairs intimacy eroticism and violence between servants and masters in eighteenth century britain is doc file DOC file
red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series short description about red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series Not available | red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series is pdf file PDF file
red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series short description about red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series Not available | red power rising the national indian youth council and the origins of native activism new directions in native american studies series is doc file DOC file
families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy short description about families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy Not available | families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy is pdf file PDF file
families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy short description about families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy Not available | families and larger systems a family therapists guide through the labyrinth the guilford family therapy is doc file DOC file
3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction short description about 3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction Not available | 3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction is pdf file PDF file
3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction short description about 3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction Not available | 3 minute devotions for boys 90 exciting readings for men under construction is doc file DOC file
boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet short description about boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet Not available | boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet is pdf file PDF file
boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet short description about boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet Not available | boxer an owners guide to a happy healthy pet is doc file DOC file
us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy short description about us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy Not available | us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy is pdf file PDF file
us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy short description about us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy Not available | us foreign policy and the rogue state doctrine routledge studies in us foreign policy is doc file DOC file
oz road to oz short description about oz road to oz Not available | oz road to oz is pdf file PDF file
oz road to oz short description about oz road to oz Not available | oz road to oz is doc file DOC file
contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger short description about contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger Not available | contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger is pdf file PDF file
contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger short description about contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger Not available | contemporary romance the deal a novel about a billionaire alpha male fighting against attraction and love after having a sex affair with a stranger is doc file DOC file
boxer dog owners guide short description about boxer dog owners guide Not available | boxer dog owners guide is pdf file PDF file
boxer dog owners guide short description about boxer dog owners guide Not available | boxer dog owners guide is doc file DOC file
modern power electronics and ac drives short description about modern power electronics and ac drives Not available | modern power electronics and ac drives is pdf file PDF file
modern power electronics and ac drives short description about modern power electronics and ac drives Not available | modern power electronics and ac drives is doc file DOC file
boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper short description about boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper Not available | boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper is pdf file PDF file
boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper short description about boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper Not available | boots on the ground troop density in contingency operations global war on terrorism occasional paper is doc file DOC file
wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management short description about wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management Not available | wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management is pdf file PDF file
wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management short description about wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management Not available | wolves bears and their prey in alaska biological and social challenges in wildlife management is doc file DOC file
the science art of film acting short description about the science art of film acting Not available | the science art of film acting is pdf file PDF file
the science art of film acting short description about the science art of film acting Not available | the science art of film acting is doc file DOC file
atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover short description about atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover Not available | atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover is pdf file PDF file
atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover short description about atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover Not available | atlas of gynecologic cytology 1st edition by mckee grace t 2004 hardcover is doc file DOC file
academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 is pdf file PDF file
academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 short description about academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 Not available | academic vocabulary in use with answers by mccarthy michael odell felicity 1st first edition 2008 is doc file DOC file
component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science short description about component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science Not available | component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science is pdf file PDF file
component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science short description about component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science Not available | component based software quality methods and techniques lecture notes in computer science is doc file DOC file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 is pdf file PDF file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies 1st first edition by sylvan rob published by for dummies 2008 is doc file DOC file
official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook short description about official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook Not available | official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook is pdf file PDF file
official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook short description about official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook Not available | official advanced dungeons dragons players handbook is doc file DOC file
boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides short description about boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides Not available | boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides is pdf file PDF file
boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides short description about boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides Not available | boxer an owners guide collins dog owners guides is doc file DOC file
powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to short description about powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to Not available | powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to is pdf file PDF file
powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to short description about powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to Not available | powershell for sharepoint 2010 how to is doc file DOC file
nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs short description about nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs Not available | nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs is pdf file PDF file
nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs short description about nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs Not available | nuclear statecraft history and strategy in americas atomic age cornell studies in security affairs is doc file DOC file
2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction regulations and relevant knowledge paperbackchinese edition short description about 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction regulations and relevant knowledge paperbackchinese edition Not available | 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum construction regulations and relevant knowledge paperbackchinese edition is doc file DOC file
international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments short description about international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments Not available | international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments is pdf file PDF file
international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments short description about international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments Not available | international student engagement strategies for creating inclusive connected and purposeful campus environments is doc file DOC file
algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers short description about algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers Not available | algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers is pdf file PDF file
algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers short description about algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers Not available | algeria stabilization and transition to market occasional papers is doc file DOC file
antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation short description about antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation Not available | antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation is pdf file PDF file
antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation short description about antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation Not available | antigone adapted sophocles antigone in classic drama and in modern adaptation translation and transformation is doc file DOC file
building reliable component based software systems short description about building reliable component based software systems Not available | building reliable component based software systems is pdf file PDF file
building reliable component based software systems short description about building reliable component based software systems Not available | building reliable component based software systems is doc file DOC file
nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback short description about nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback Not available | nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback is pdf file PDF file
nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback short description about nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback Not available | nourishing wisdom a new understanding of eating by david marc 1991 paperback is doc file DOC file
organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded short description about organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded Not available | organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded is pdf file PDF file
organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded short description about organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded Not available | organic electrochemistry fifth edition revised and expanded is doc file DOC file
advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp short description about advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp Not available | advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp is pdf file PDF file
advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp short description about advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp Not available | advances in algebraic geometry motivated by physics ams special session on enumerative geometry in physics april 1 2 2000 university of massachusetts contemp is doc file DOC file
how to get what you want for girls short description about how to get what you want for girls Not available | how to get what you want for girls is pdf file PDF file
how to get what you want for girls short description about how to get what you want for girls Not available | how to get what you want for girls is doc file DOC file
beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals short description about beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals Not available | beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals is pdf file PDF file
beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals short description about beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals Not available | beginning nokia apps development qt and html5 for symbian and meego books for professionals by professionals is doc file DOC file
markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more short description about markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more Not available | markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more is pdf file PDF file
markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more short description about markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more Not available | markets of paris 2nd edition food antiques crafts books and more is doc file DOC file
just a number a personal account of grief short description about just a number a personal account of grief Not available | just a number a personal account of grief is doc file DOC file
student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition short description about student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition Not available | student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition is pdf file PDF file
student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition short description about student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition Not available | student solutions manual for introductory statistics second edition is doc file DOC file
the game of love short description about the game of love Not available | the game of love is pdf file PDF file
the game of love short description about the game of love Not available | the game of love is doc file DOC file
for love of the game short description about for love of the game Not available | for love of the game is pdf file PDF file
for love of the game short description about for love of the game Not available | for love of the game is doc file DOC file
introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition short description about introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition Not available | introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition is pdf file PDF file
introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition short description about introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition Not available | introduction to probability and statistics for engineers and scientists fourth edition is doc file DOC file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 is pdf file PDF file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape by philip howard 2007 02 28 is doc file DOC file
time the 100 most influential people who never lived short description about time the 100 most influential people who never lived Not available | time the 100 most influential people who never lived is pdf file PDF file
time the 100 most influential people who never lived short description about time the 100 most influential people who never lived Not available | time the 100 most influential people who never lived is doc file DOC file
learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation short description about learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation Not available | learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation is pdf file PDF file
learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation short description about learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation Not available | learn adobe premiere pro cc for videocommunication adobe certified associate exam preparation is doc file DOC file
bradshaw on the family a new way of creating solid self esteem short description about bradshaw on the family a new way of creating solid self esteem Not available | bradshaw on the family a new way of creating solid self esteem is doc file DOC file
medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes short description about medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes Not available | medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes is pdf file PDF file
medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes short description about medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes Not available | medical surgical nursing critical thinking in client care first australian edition 3 volumes is doc file DOC file
the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud short description about the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud Not available | the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud is pdf file PDF file
the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud short description about the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud Not available | the 20th century childrens book treasury picture books and stories to read aloud is doc file DOC file
critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov short description about critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov Not available | critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov is pdf file PDF file
critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov short description about critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov Not available | critical care ultrasonography 2nd edition hardcover 2014 by alexander levitov is doc file DOC file
care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts short description about care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts Not available | care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts is pdf file PDF file
care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts short description about care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts Not available | care for a cyanide a condemnation of terrible adverts is doc file DOC file
the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet short description about the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet Not available | the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet is pdf file PDF file
the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet short description about the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet Not available | the church and new media blogging converts online activists and bishops who tweet is doc file DOC file
rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses short description about rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses Not available | rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses is pdf file PDF file
rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses short description about rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses Not available | rock engineering and rock mechanics structures in and on rock masses is doc file DOC file
shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality short description about shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality Not available | shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality is pdf file PDF file
shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality short description about shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality Not available | shalom and the ethics of belief nicholas wolterstorffs theory of situated rationality is doc file DOC file
new directions in social theory race gender and the canon short description about new directions in social theory race gender and the canon Not available | new directions in social theory race gender and the canon is pdf file PDF file
new directions in social theory race gender and the canon short description about new directions in social theory race gender and the canon Not available | new directions in social theory race gender and the canon is doc file DOC file
complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi short description about complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi Not available | complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi is pdf file PDF file
complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi short description about complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi Not available | complying with employment regulations 2015 2016 edition leading lawyers on analyzing legislation and adapting to the changing state of employment law inside the mi is doc file DOC file
spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success short description about spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success Not available | spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success is pdf file PDF file
spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success short description about spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success Not available | spanish grades k 5 elementary skills for success is doc file DOC file
rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation short description about rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation Not available | rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation is pdf file PDF file
rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation short description about rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation Not available | rogue regimes terrorism and proliferation is doc file DOC file
when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar short description about when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar Not available | when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar is pdf file PDF file
when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar short description about when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar Not available | when silence is betrayal this short work details a small section of life on the streets of london a visit to government house british columbia canada on boar is doc file DOC file
studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by paul k edwards 2014 05 13 short description about studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by paul k edwards 2014 05 13 Not available | studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide by paul k edwards 2014 05 13 is doc file DOC file
buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries short description about buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries Not available | buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries is pdf file PDF file
buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries short description about buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries Not available | buy low sell high repeat as necessary shawn mayo shares how he sells over 250000 per year on amazon with liquidation groceries is doc file DOC file
psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition short description about psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition Not available | psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition is pdf file PDF file
psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition short description about psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition Not available | psychological dynamics of sport and exercise third edition is doc file DOC file
e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management short description about e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management Not available | e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management is pdf file PDF file
e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management short description about e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management Not available | e study guide for supervision concepts and skill building business management is doc file DOC file
todays military wife 7th edition short description about todays military wife 7th edition Not available | todays military wife 7th edition is pdf file PDF file
todays military wife 7th edition short description about todays military wife 7th edition Not available | todays military wife 7th edition is doc file DOC file
prentice hall health 2014 student edition short description about prentice hall health 2014 student edition Not available | prentice hall health 2014 student edition is pdf file PDF file
prentice hall health 2014 student edition short description about prentice hall health 2014 student edition Not available | prentice hall health 2014 student edition is doc file DOC file
consumers against capitalism short description about consumers against capitalism Not available | consumers against capitalism is pdf file PDF file
consumers against capitalism short description about consumers against capitalism Not available | consumers against capitalism is doc file DOC file
the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community short description about the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community Not available | the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community is pdf file PDF file
the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community short description about the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community Not available | the globalization of terror the challenge of al qaida and the response of the international community is doc file DOC file
beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination short description about beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination Not available | beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination is pdf file PDF file
beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination short description about beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination Not available | beyond consumer capitalism media and the limits to imagination is doc file DOC file
practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques short description about practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques Not available | practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques is pdf file PDF file
practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques short description about practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques Not available | practical synthetic organic chemistry reactions principles and techniques is doc file DOC file
robot building for dummies short description about robot building for dummies Not available | robot building for dummies is pdf file PDF file
robot building for dummies short description about robot building for dummies Not available | robot building for dummies is doc file DOC file
international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education short description about international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education Not available | international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education is pdf file PDF file
international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education short description about international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education Not available | international students strengthening a critical resource american council on education series on higher education is doc file DOC file
2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition short description about 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition Not available | 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition is pdf file PDF file
2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition short description about 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition Not available | 2012 national secondary constructor qualification tests centers memorandum highway engineering management and practice paperbackchinese edition is doc file DOC file
collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback short description about collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback Not available | collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback is pdf file PDF file
collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback short description about collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback Not available | collins dog owners guide boxer collins dog owners guides by neville dr peter 2005 paperback is doc file DOC file
nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 short description about nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 Not available | nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 is pdf file PDF file
nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 short description about nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 Not available | nourishing wisdom a mind body approach to nutrition and well being by marc david feb 15 1994 is doc file DOC file
kissing architecture point essays on architecture short description about kissing architecture point essays on architecture Not available | kissing architecture point essays on architecture is pdf file PDF file
kissing architecture point essays on architecture short description about kissing architecture point essays on architecture Not available | kissing architecture point essays on architecture is doc file DOC file
experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 short description about experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 Not available | experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 is pdf file PDF file
experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 short description about experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 Not available | experimental robotics iv the 4th international symposium stanford california june 30 july 2 1995 lecture notes in control and information sciences v 4 is doc file DOC file
health reading and notetaking guide short description about health reading and notetaking guide Not available | health reading and notetaking guide is pdf file PDF file
health reading and notetaking guide short description about health reading and notetaking guide Not available | health reading and notetaking guide is doc file DOC file
trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos short description about trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos Not available | trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos is pdf file PDF file
trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos short description about trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos Not available | trinity in relation creation incarnation and grace in an evolving cosmos is doc file DOC file
your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer short description about your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer Not available | your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer is pdf file PDF file
your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer short description about your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer Not available | your google game plan for success increasing your web presence with google adwords analytics and website optimizer is doc file DOC file
photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice short description about photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice Not available | photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice is pdf file PDF file
photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice short description about photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice Not available | photochemistry of organic compounds from concepts to practice is doc file DOC file
jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes short description about jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes Not available | jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes is pdf file PDF file
jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes short description about jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes Not available | jokes for adults hilarious answers to serious questions adult jokes book jokes for teens funniest jokes is doc file DOC file
by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover short description about by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover Not available | by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover is pdf file PDF file
by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover short description about by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover Not available | by barbara strauch the primal teen what the new discoveries about the teenage brain tell us about our kids 1st first edition hardcover is doc file DOC file
strangers in the garden short description about strangers in the garden Not available | strangers in the garden is pdf file PDF file
strangers in the garden short description about strangers in the garden Not available | strangers in the garden is doc file DOC file
the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt short description about the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt Not available | the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt is pdf file PDF file
the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt short description about the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt Not available | the illustrated encyclopedia of the aztec maya the definitive chronicle of the ancient peoples of mexico central america including the aztec maya olmec mixt is doc file DOC file
introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 short description about introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 Not available | introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 is pdf file PDF file
introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 short description about introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 Not available | introductory statistics student solution manual 2nd 05 by ross sheldon m paperback 2005 is doc file DOC file
playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 short description about playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 Not available | playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 is pdf file PDF file
playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 short description about playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 Not available | playing well with others your field guide to discovering exploring and navigating the kink leather and bdsm communities by harrington lee williams mollena 2012 is doc file DOC file
icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons short description about icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons Not available | icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons is pdf file PDF file
icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons short description about icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons Not available | icons of the american comic book 2 volumes from captain america to wonder woman greenwood icons is doc file DOC file
studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide short description about studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide Not available | studying organizations using critical realism a practical guide is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback short description about foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback Not available | foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback short description about foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback Not available | foundations of qt developmentfoundations of qt developmentpaperback is doc file DOC file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 is pdf file PDF file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob 2008 is doc file DOC file
obesity research digest short description about obesity research digest Not available | obesity research digest is doc file DOC file
dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them short description about dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them Not available | dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them is pdf file PDF file
dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them short description about dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them Not available | dress your cookie bake them dress them eat them is doc file DOC file
advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions short description about advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions Not available | advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions is pdf file PDF file
advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions short description about advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions Not available | advances in kinetics and mechanism of chemical reactions is doc file DOC file
army leadership manual fm 22 100 short description about army leadership manual fm 22 100 Not available | army leadership manual fm 22 100 is pdf file PDF file
army leadership manual fm 22 100 short description about army leadership manual fm 22 100 Not available | army leadership manual fm 22 100 is doc file DOC file
the art of investigative interviewing third edition short description about the art of investigative interviewing third edition Not available | the art of investigative interviewing third edition is pdf file PDF file
the art of investigative interviewing third edition short description about the art of investigative interviewing third edition Not available | the art of investigative interviewing third edition is doc file DOC file
fantastic feats and failures short description about fantastic feats and failures Not available | fantastic feats and failures is pdf file PDF file
fantastic feats and failures short description about fantastic feats and failures Not available | fantastic feats and failures is doc file DOC file
overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work short description about overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work Not available | overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work is pdf file PDF file
overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work short description about overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work Not available | overcoming depression a cognitive therapy approach treatments that work is doc file DOC file
nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks short description about nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks Not available | nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks is pdf file PDF file
nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks short description about nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks Not available | nutrition and physical activity health information sources in eu member states and activities in the commission who and european networks is doc file DOC file
weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition short description about weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition Not available | weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition is pdf file PDF file
weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition short description about weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition Not available | weber and kelleys health assessment in nursing 1st australian edition is doc file DOC file
the flying circus of physics answers short description about the flying circus of physics answers Not available | the flying circus of physics answers is pdf file PDF file
the flying circus of physics answers short description about the flying circus of physics answers Not available | the flying circus of physics answers is doc file DOC file
veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c short description about veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c Not available | veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c is pdf file PDF file
veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c short description about veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c Not available | veiled lives threading australian nursing history into the fabric of the first world war the history of australian nurses in the first world war an centenary c is doc file DOC file
trivia for adults short description about trivia for adults Not available | trivia for adults is pdf file PDF file
trivia for adults short description about trivia for adults Not available | trivia for adults is doc file DOC file
players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 short description about players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 Not available | players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 is pdf file PDF file
players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 short description about players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 Not available | players option spells and magic advanced dungeons dragons first printing rulebook2163 is doc file DOC file
101 questions about the seashore short description about 101 questions about the seashore Not available | 101 questions about the seashore is pdf file PDF file
101 questions about the seashore short description about 101 questions about the seashore Not available | 101 questions about the seashore is doc file DOC file
treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work short description about treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work Not available | treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work is pdf file PDF file
treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work short description about treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work Not available | treating your ocd with exposure and response ritual prevention therapy workbook treatments that work is doc file DOC file
the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice short description about the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice Not available | the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice is pdf file PDF file
the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice short description about the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice Not available | the family emotional system an integrative concept for theory science and practice is doc file DOC file
introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse short description about introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse Not available | introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse is pdf file PDF file
introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse short description about introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse Not available | introduction to addictive behaviors third edition guilford substance abuse is doc file DOC file
game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella short description about game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella Not available | game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella is pdf file PDF file
game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella short description about game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella Not available | game for love the beautiful game seals goal kindle worlds novella is doc file DOC file
by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition short description about by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition Not available | by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition is pdf file PDF file
by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition short description about by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition Not available | by joseph gibaldi mla handbook for writers of research papers 7th seventh edition is doc file DOC file
dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden short description about dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden Not available | dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden is pdf file PDF file
dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden short description about dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden Not available | dog mysteries the scent of a stranger and murder in the garden is doc file DOC file
workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals short description about workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals Not available | workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals is pdf file PDF file
workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals short description about workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals Not available | workbook for use with medical coding fundamentals is doc file DOC file
faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 short description about faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 Not available | faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 is pdf file PDF file
faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 short description about faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 Not available | faith and the american presidency christianity today essentials book 2 is doc file DOC file
rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture short description about rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture Not available | rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture is pdf file PDF file
rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture short description about rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture Not available | rage and time a psychopolitical investigation insurrections critical studies in religion politics and culture is doc file DOC file
technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 short description about technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 Not available | technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 is pdf file PDF file
technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 short description about technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 Not available | technical manual tm 4 2823 fm 10 500 71 to 13c7 6 141 airdrop of supplies and equipment rigging the family of medium tactical vehicles fmtv trucks july 2013 is doc file DOC file
market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell short description about market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell Not available | market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell is pdf file PDF file
market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell short description about market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell Not available | market like you mean it engage customers create brand believers and gain fans for everything you sell is doc file DOC file
yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law short description about yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law Not available | yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law is pdf file PDF file
yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law short description about yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law Not available | yearbook of islamic and middle eastern law 1995 yearbook of islamic middle eastern law is doc file DOC file
henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 short description about henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 Not available | henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 is pdf file PDF file
henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 short description about henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 Not available | henry and mudge and the careful cousin ready to read level 2 is doc file DOC file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 is pdf file PDF file
photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 short description about photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 Not available | photoshop lightroom 2 for dummies by sylvan rob published by john wiley sons 2008 is doc file DOC file
united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 short description about united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 Not available | united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 is pdf file PDF file
united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 short description about united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 Not available | united states nuclear regulatory commission practice and procedure digest commission appeal board and licensing board decisions july 1972 january 31 2004 is doc file DOC file
smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition short description about smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition Not available | smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition is pdf file PDF file
smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition short description about smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition Not available | smeltzer and bares textbook of medical surgical nursing first australiannew zealand edition is doc file DOC file
fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give short description about fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give Not available | fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give is pdf file PDF file
fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give short description about fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give Not available | fleece fantastic 35 cute cozy and quick projects to make and give is doc file DOC file
nursing home administration seventh edition short description about nursing home administration seventh edition Not available | nursing home administration seventh edition is pdf file PDF file
nursing home administration seventh edition short description about nursing home administration seventh edition Not available | nursing home administration seventh edition is doc file DOC file
filthy rich part 2 short description about filthy rich part 2 Not available | filthy rich part 2 is pdf file PDF file
filthy rich part 2 short description about filthy rich part 2 Not available | filthy rich part 2 is doc file DOC file
news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics short description about news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics Not available | news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics is pdf file PDF file
news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics short description about news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics Not available | news that matters television and american opinion updated edition chicago studies in american politics is doc file DOC file
falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel short description about falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel Not available | falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel is pdf file PDF file
falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel short description about falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel Not available | falling kingdoms a falling kingdoms novel is doc file DOC file
the land of stories beyond the kingdoms short description about the land of stories beyond the kingdoms Not available | the land of stories beyond the kingdoms is pdf file PDF file
the land of stories beyond the kingdoms short description about the land of stories beyond the kingdoms Not available | the land of stories beyond the kingdoms is doc file DOC file
nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics short description about nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics Not available | nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics is pdf file PDF file
nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics short description about nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics Not available | nuclear strategy in the modern era regional powers and international conflict princeton studies in international history and politics is doc file DOC file
spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason short description about spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason Not available | spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason is pdf file PDF file
spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason short description about spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason Not available | spinoza and other heretics the marrano of reason is doc file DOC file
techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood short description about techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood Not available | techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood is pdf file PDF file
techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood short description about techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood Not available | techniques in complete denture technology paperback 2012 by duncan j wood is doc file DOC file
operating system concepts essentials short description about operating system concepts essentials Not available | operating system concepts essentials is pdf file PDF file
operating system concepts essentials short description about operating system concepts essentials Not available | operating system concepts essentials is doc file DOC file
the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form short description about the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form Not available | the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form is pdf file PDF file
the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form short description about the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form Not available | the new asian city three dimensional fictions of space and urban form is doc file DOC file
health student edition short description about health student edition Not available | health student edition is pdf file PDF file
health student edition short description about health student edition Not available | health student edition is doc file DOC file
skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 short description about skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 Not available | skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 is pdf file PDF file
skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 short description about skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 Not available | skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 skills for success office 2013 is doc file DOC file
cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics short description about cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics Not available | cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics is pdf file PDF file
cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics short description about cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics Not available | cumulative sum charts and charting for quality improvement information science and statistics is doc file DOC file
the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies short description about the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies Not available | the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies is pdf file PDF file
the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies short description about the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies Not available | the mellah of marrakesh jewish and muslim space in moroccos red city indiana series in middle east studies is doc file DOC file
chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples short description about chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples Not available | chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples is pdf file PDF file
chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples short description about chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples Not available | chemical reaction engineering essentials exercises and examples is doc file DOC file
art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 short description about art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 Not available | art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 is pdf file PDF file
art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 short description about art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 Not available | art of the formula 1 race car 2016 16 month calendar september 2015 through december 2016 is doc file DOC file
the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy short description about the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy Not available | the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy is pdf file PDF file
the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy short description about the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy Not available | the ethics of belief and other essays great books in philosophy is doc file DOC file
star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop short description about star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop Not available | star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop is pdf file PDF file
star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop short description about star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop Not available | star wars on trial the force awakens edition science fiction and fantasy writers debate the most popular science fiction films of all time smart pop is doc file DOC file
managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work short description about managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work Not available | managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work is pdf file PDF file
managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work short description about managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work Not available | managing social anxiety a cognitive behavioral therapy approach client workbook treatments that work is doc file DOC file
differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics short description about differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics Not available | differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics is pdf file PDF file
differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics short description about differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics Not available | differential geometry and relativity a volume in honour of andr201 lichnerowicz on his 60th birthday mathematical physics and applied mathematics is doc file DOC file
anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos short description about anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos Not available | anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos is pdf file PDF file
anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos short description about anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos Not available | anonymous a former cia agent comes out of the shadows to brief the white house about ufos is doc file DOC file
the seventh king short description about the seventh king Not available | the seventh king is doc file DOC file
preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace short description about preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace Not available | preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace is pdf file PDF file
preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace short description about preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace Not available | preserving the rights of servicemembers veterans and their families in the financial marketplace is doc file DOC file
peterson first guide to butterflies and moths short description about peterson first guide to butterflies and moths Not available | peterson first guide to butterflies and moths is pdf file PDF file
peterson first guide to butterflies and moths short description about peterson first guide to butterflies and moths Not available | peterson first guide to butterflies and moths is doc file DOC file
representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany short description about representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany Not available | representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany is pdf file PDF file
representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany short description about representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany Not available | representing berlin sexuality and the city in imperial and weimar germany is doc file DOC file
canada at war a graphic history of world war two short description about canada at war a graphic history of world war two Not available | canada at war a graphic history of world war two is pdf file PDF file
canada at war a graphic history of world war two short description about canada at war a graphic history of world war two Not available | canada at war a graphic history of world war two is doc file DOC file
amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon short description about amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon Not available | amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon is pdf file PDF file
amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon short description about amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon Not available | amazon fba selling groceries as a profitable niche 20 grocery categories you can start selling in now to make a steady income selling on amazon amazon is doc file DOC file
television and new media must click tv short description about television and new media must click tv Not available | television and new media must click tv is pdf file PDF file
television and new media must click tv short description about television and new media must click tv Not available | television and new media must click tv is doc file DOC file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 is pdf file PDF file
the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 short description about the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 Not available | the smallville chronicles critical essays on the television series 2011 09 09 is doc file DOC file
programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture short description about programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture Not available | programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture is pdf file PDF file
programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture short description about programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture Not available | programs and manifestoes on 20th century architecture is doc file DOC file
operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 short description about operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 Not available | operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 is pdf file PDF file
operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 short description about operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 Not available | operating system concepts 7th seventh edition by silberschatz abraham galvin peter b gagne greg published by john wiley sons 2005 is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 short description about foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 Not available | foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 short description about foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 Not available | foundations of qt development author johan thelin aug 2007 is doc file DOC file
getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles short description about getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles Not available | getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles is pdf file PDF file
getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles short description about getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles Not available | getting started with pics volume 2 a collection of 2007 nuts volts magazine articles is doc file DOC file
hardware dependent software principles and practice short description about hardware dependent software principles and practice Not available | hardware dependent software principles and practice is pdf file PDF file
hardware dependent software principles and practice short description about hardware dependent software principles and practice Not available | hardware dependent software principles and practice is doc file DOC file
3rd grade math with other short description about 3rd grade math with other Not available | 3rd grade math with other is pdf file PDF file
3rd grade math with other short description about 3rd grade math with other Not available | 3rd grade math with other is doc file DOC file
day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day short description about day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day Not available | day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day is pdf file PDF file
day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day short description about day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day Not available | day bang how to casually pick up girls during the day is doc file DOC file
techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 short description about techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 Not available | techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 is pdf file PDF file
techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 short description about techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 Not available | techniques in complete denture technology author tony johnson published on may 2012 is doc file DOC file
the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series short description about the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series Not available | the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series is pdf file PDF file
the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series short description about the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series Not available | the road to results designing and conducting effective development evaluations world bank training series is doc file DOC file
electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry short description about electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry Not available | electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry is pdf file PDF file
electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry short description about electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry Not available | electronic effects in organic chemistry topics in current chemistry is doc file DOC file
bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels short description about bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels Not available | bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels is pdf file PDF file
bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels short description about bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels Not available | bridge resource management for small ships the watchkeepers manual for limited tonnage vessels is doc file DOC file
cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition short description about cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition Not available | cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition is pdf file PDF file
cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition short description about cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition Not available | cheap and easy dishwasher repair 2000 edition is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessment of the united states army corps of engineers garrison dam hydroelectric powerplant riverdale nd is doc file DOC file
cancer theranostics short description about cancer theranostics Not available | cancer theranostics is doc file DOC file
playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition short description about playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition Not available | playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition is pdf file PDF file
playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition short description about playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition Not available | playing well with others dont be afraid of partnering with your competition is doc file DOC file
music and media business enterprise short description about music and media business enterprise Not available | music and media business enterprise is pdf file PDF file
music and media business enterprise short description about music and media business enterprise Not available | music and media business enterprise is doc file DOC file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress is pdf file PDF file
foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress short description about foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress Not available | foundations of qt development experts voice in open source 1st edition by thelin johan published by apress is doc file DOC file
down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film short description about down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film Not available | down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film is pdf file PDF file
down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film short description about down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film Not available | down and dirty pictures miramax sundance and the rise of independent film is doc file DOC file
fasting made simple road map results rewards short description about fasting made simple road map results rewards Not available | fasting made simple road map results rewards is pdf file PDF file
fasting made simple road map results rewards short description about fasting made simple road map results rewards Not available | fasting made simple road map results rewards is doc file DOC file
raspberry pi for secret agents second edition short description about raspberry pi for secret agents second edition Not available | raspberry pi for secret agents second edition is doc file DOC file
all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask short description about all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask Not available | all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask is pdf file PDF file
all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask short description about all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask Not available | all about terrorism everything you were too afraid to ask is doc file DOC file
normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition short description about normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition Not available | normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition is pdf file PDF file
normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition short description about normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition Not available | normal family processes growing diversity and complexity 4th edition is doc file DOC file
mirror shards volume two short description about mirror shards volume two Not available | mirror shards volume two is pdf file PDF file
mirror shards volume two short description about mirror shards volume two Not available | mirror shards volume two is doc file DOC file
us m1 carbines wartime production 7th revised and expanded edition short description about us m1 carbines wartime production 7th revised and expanded edition Not available | us m1 carbines wartime production 7th revised and expanded edition is doc file DOC file
down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce short description about down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce Not available | down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce is pdf file PDF file
down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce short description about down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce Not available | down to earth a beginners guide to the healthiest food you will ever produce is doc file DOC file
restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection short description about restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection Not available | restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection is pdf file PDF file
restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection short description about restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection Not available | restorying our lives personal growth through autobiographical reflection is doc file DOC file
ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination short description about ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination Not available | ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination is pdf file PDF file
ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination short description about ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination Not available | ap english multiple choice questions and free response questions in preparation for the ap english literature and composition examination is doc file DOC file
rage is back a novel short description about rage is back a novel Not available | rage is back a novel is pdf file PDF file
rage is back a novel short description about rage is back a novel Not available | rage is back a novel is doc file DOC file
down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less short description about down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less Not available | down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less is pdf file PDF file
down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less short description about down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less Not available | down and dirty ultimate real estate investing quick start guide how to quit your job to start flipping houses in 90 days or less is doc file DOC file
letters to a youth worker short description about letters to a youth worker Not available | letters to a youth worker is pdf file PDF file
letters to a youth worker short description about letters to a youth worker Not available | letters to a youth worker is doc file DOC file
by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 short description about by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 Not available | by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 is pdf file PDF file
by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 short description about by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 Not available | by ted lankester setting up community health programmes third edition 2009 is doc file DOC file
mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems short description about mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems Not available | mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems is pdf file PDF file
mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems short description about mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems Not available | mathematical and computer modeling of physiological systems is doc file DOC file
boxer comprehensive owners guide short description about boxer comprehensive owners guide Not available | boxer comprehensive owners guide is pdf file PDF file
boxer comprehensive owners guide short description about boxer comprehensive owners guide Not available | boxer comprehensive owners guide is doc file DOC file
policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century short description about policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century Not available | policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century is pdf file PDF file
policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century short description about policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century Not available | policy planning and people promoting justice in urban development the city in the twenty first century is doc file DOC file
protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy short description about protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy Not available | protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy is pdf file PDF file
protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy short description about protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy Not available | protein shake recipes 100 delicious high protein smoothie recipes to build muscle burn fat increase energy is doc file DOC file
healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e short description about healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e Not available | healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e is pdf file PDF file
healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e short description about healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e Not available | healthiest you ever 365 ways to lose weight build strength boost your bmi lower your blood pressure increase your stamina improve your cholesterol levels and e is doc file DOC file
skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package short description about skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package Not available | skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package is pdf file PDF file
skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package short description about skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package Not available | skills for success with office 2013 volume 1 myitlab with pearson etext access card for skills for success with office 2013 package is doc file DOC file
from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea short description about from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea Not available | from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea is pdf file PDF file
from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea short description about from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea Not available | from modern production to imagined primitive the social world of coffee from papua new guinea is doc file DOC file
study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders short description about study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders Not available | study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders is pdf file PDF file
study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders short description about study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders Not available | study guide for fundamental concepts and skills for nursing 4e 4th fourth edition by dewit msn rn cns phn susan c oneill rn msn ccrn pa published by saunders is doc file DOC file
sharepoint 2010 for dummies short description about sharepoint 2010 for dummies Not available | sharepoint 2010 for dummies is doc file DOC file
macaddict april 2005 wcd inside the mac mini torture tested reviewed and rated disassembled and explained ilife 05 review hack your ipods interface surf the w short description about macaddict april 2005 wcd inside the mac mini torture tested reviewed and rated disassembled and explained ilife 05 review hack your ipods interface surf the w Not available | macaddict april 2005 wcd inside the mac mini torture tested reviewed and rated disassembled and explained ilife 05 review hack your ipods interface surf the w is doc file DOC file
players handbook advanced dungeons dragons short description about players handbook advanced dungeons dragons Not available | players handbook advanced dungeons dragons is pdf file PDF file
players handbook advanced dungeons dragons short description about players handbook advanced dungeons dragons Not available | players handbook advanced dungeons dragons is doc file DOC file
raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 short description about raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 Not available | raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 is pdf file PDF file
raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 short description about raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 Not available | raspberry pi for secret agents by stefan sjogelid published by packt publishing 2013 is doc file DOC file
Every shinobi has it's path set out for them. What path that may be only the gods will know. Set out to find your path in this crazy shinobi world
Hello Everyone! Letting you all know that we have a skype chat available for Nindo members. PM an admin if you wish to be added.
This sites rules seem to be a tad stricter on the, well, rules, about the rp, so it may take me a little to get accustomed to them ^^
Just take a look at characters that have already been created Here It'll give you a good idea of what you can start out with.
Thing's are a bit rule heavy or a reason, this is not the first incarnation of this particular system, and I've been using it for years so I've come across things that needed to be covered because people have abused them in the past, so that's why the rules are in place.
I know that it's a lot to take it, but things are pretty simple once you read through it and get the hang of it. Though if you are ever confused about something, or something doesn't seem right in it's wording, let me know and I'll explain it to you.
I hope you enjoy your stay here and have a lot of fun. I look foreword to seeing you roleplay here on Nindo Beginnings.
Also as for what you're allowed to do, that's a pretty hard question to answer given that if you have a means of getting your character to doing it, there is probably a high chance that you can get away with whatever it is you wish to do.
and i only meant i duno what jutsus and techniques my character (only one? okies) can do from the beginning (if any)
ill get into the rping side im sure once im able to figure up a character, duno really how long thatll take me haha
i am reading through the site stuff, and you need training and exp to get stronger (stuff of that sort..) never really done that in an rp before, itll take some getting used to for sure
I know this site is different from other sites. It's a stat based site, so it has to be rather different. As for learning techniques, it's based around ranks. As you start off as an Academy student, you're E Rank, which is the weakest rank, you can learn E rank techniques, the techniques are found in the hand book sections under Jutsus, each element is given it's own thread, and each type of pure chakra technique are also given their own threads. I'm still going through and elaborating on techniques, but they will all have a Rank attached to them and even a word count, though I already have in the guide lines explaining how much each rank costs to learn them.
You can learn higher rank techniques at any point, but you will need to spend more in order to learn them, unless you match their rank.
And gaining exp and training is very easy, all you gotta do is just rp, the more you rp, the more words you get and the very words you type into your rp is what you will use to get practically everything on this site.
Words convert to EXP or they stay as words and drop into what I call a "Word Pool" which is just like a bank to store your words in.
It's a tough site and when it's something new that you never done before it takes a while to get use to it. So take all the time you need, site's not going anywhere. like I said before anything your confused about don't be afraid to ask and I'll explain, most of the question's that I've been asked already were things that were already in the handbook and people just seemed to have either missed it when reading it or forgot they had actually read it, and sometimes they understood it in a different way.
our characters can only be young huh? lol i gotta rp a 14 year old? XD thats 10 years younger than me!! CX haha
lol. Yeah, It's mainly because it would be really odd to have a 20 something year old academy student. Especially since people normally become official ninjas by the time they're around 12-14. and usually those in their twenties or higher would already be at like chunin to jonin level.
I plan to have time skips and stuff like that happen, though it won't happen to often, but I will initiate time skips, so characters do grow older over time. lol.
It still is acceptable for any rper of any skill level to play. There is no post requirement or word requirement per post.
but so far, what i've seen being done on this site people are averaging out as something like 200+ words a post.
So expect at least semi-advanced ( <= this being the average) to advanced levels (this being rare cases).
i like semi to advanced!! makes it a lot of fun ^^ i just need to find some inspiration for a character >m<
for one, i want her to be an uchiha (this is what im not used to lol, im not used to playing fan favorite type stuff, preferring the unusual, such as tentens daughter or something XD , yeah i know, no tenten in this site haha, buus, i have this OC... nevermind lol)
and i want her to be slightly villainish.... (this is what im used to), im used to playing darker characters, with more ulterior motives
the thing with this character i want, i want her to develop like... well, ill go on further if that sounds fine first? an uchiha girl, that has some slightly darker motives?
That sound's fine, just know that if you're going the villainous-ish route you gotta have the power to back it up.
Basically "don't do something in game, if you can't handle the in game consequences." such consequences being a wanted criminal, be hunted down (yes, this would happen from time to time.) or even possibly get targeted by not only npc, but player characters as well.
But you're free to try and go whichever route you desire, you can have the ulterior motive of trying to take over a village for all I care. If you can somehow pull it off, and it makes sense (sense within the realm of possibilities for this world we are in that is) you can get away with just about anything you want.
Though I will say if you are going to want to be apart of a clan, I would like it if you went Here and make a request for whatever clan you decide you want to be in.
that aside, it'd be interesting to see someone pull off some kind of ulterior motive ( be it good or bad) and get away with it. If you really enjoy the idea then go for it, just know that you will still start out like everyone else and have to work your way up as well.
i mean she will play as if shes on the "good" side, until her motives come to light (if i even go this route lol)
but i have some ideas, that im unsure if they would be possible, do i just make a request explaining what i want? or do i message you about them ? or ask here? XD something rather specific i guess
like i wish to be an Uchiha, so Im assuming that gives me a kekkei genkai, the sharigan, (no real way around that), thats okay right? ^^
On here Go read the training session of Dual and Heartsy, that's advanced. -.- I would die if I tried doing that regularly.
and for you plans and stuff, you can just send me a private message and I can just tell you if its possible to do or not.
hehe i was looking earlier at threads, and i did see something like what you described Notebook, but now im either blind or an idiot, cuz i cant find the training threads lol XD
I could try and fail miserably. Also you make training threads in you village place. Which is the Fire country. Sorry im not the great link giver, mobile devices temd to have down falls, like reloading pages when you enter a different page.
He's talking about this one Konoha Academy a private thread between me and one of the Konoha ninja members.
havent done any super advanced rping like that in awhile! >< Notebook what have you brought me to? lols hehe
Step into the fashionable shoes of the Evil Darklord's daughter, Mira. A malevolount young woman tasked with dispatching of the would be do gooders who are invading her tower.
To dispose of these intruders, you will need to utilize your ensemble of abominable monsters and diabolical traps. The key to victory will be how you utilize them in your tower. Finding the perfect balance of monster and tower will take great planning and strategic thinking. Be warned though, with various race and job classes from the Crystal Chronicles series storming your lair in real time, perfect placement of your defense is crucial.
Stop protecting the world as a goody too shoes king and start conquering it as a bad to the bone Darklord! Sure there are legions of annoying adventurers trying to stop you, but as any villain would agree, crushing these goody to shoes adventurers is loads of fun!
Snake vs Snake is a fast paced snake game with an insane battle mode with power-ups and much more. Inspired by old classical Snake but with a much faster arcade pace and multiplayer support.
2338 taking sudoku seriously the math behind the world s most popular pencil puzzle taking sudoku seriously the math behind the world s most popular pencil puzzle DOC
2432 the myth of the electronic library librarianship and social change in america contributions in librarianship DOC
We attempt to introduced in this posting past this may be one of fabulous quotation for any One Floor House Exterior Design options. Dont you arrive here to know some other unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in fact wish you can easily acknowledge it as one of your suggestion and many thanks for your time for surfing our webpage. make laugh share this image for your beloved friends, families, group via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any extra bookmarking sites.
Interior, Living Room And Family Room Next To Each Other was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Living Room And Family Room Next To Each Other has viewed by 2504 visitor.
Interior, Latest Master Bedroom Interior was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Latest Master Bedroom Interior has viewed by 22149 visitor.
Interior, Easy To Maintain Plants And Flowers was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Easy To Maintain Plants And Flowers has viewed by 98970 visitor.
Interior, Modern Small House Plans And Designs was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Modern Small House Plans And Designs has viewed by 55189 visitor.
Interior, The Collection Bathroom Accessories was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over The Collection Bathroom Accessories has viewed by 45932 visitor.
Interior, Navy Blue Bathroom Accessories was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Navy Blue Bathroom Accessories has viewed by 89985 visitor.
Interior, Pictures Of Dining Room Tables was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Pictures Of Dining Room Tables has viewed by 77578 visitor.
Interior, Simple Modern Contemporary House Designs was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Simple Modern Contemporary House Designs has viewed by 17090 visitor.
Interior, Gray Cabinets What Color Walls was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Gray Cabinets What Color Walls has viewed by 60259 visitor.
Interior, Simple Modern House In Sri Lanka was posted June on this site by Mirzaint.com. More over Simple Modern House In Sri Lanka has viewed by 25470 visitor.
Imprint | Privacy Policy | Contact This website is in no way affiliated with TPCi, Nintendo, Creatures, or Game Freak.
To prevent automatted Bots from commentspamming, please enter the string you see in the image below in the appropriate input box. Only if the strings match, your comment will be submitted. Please ensure that your browser supports and accepts cookies, or your comment cannot be verified correctly.
BOGHOSSIAN FOUNDATION – VILLA EMPAIN Centre for art and dialogue between Eastern and Western cultures, Brussels	, Belgium
Fostering Active & Healthy Ageing in Europe: Integrating the Elderly & Harnessing their Economic Potential
Subnational Finance and Investment Ten Years after the Crisis: Fiscal decentralisation and innovative public finance instruments as the way ahead?
Citizens' Dialogue in Athens with Georgios Markopouliotis, Head of the European Commission's Representation in Greece
Webinar 80/2018 Building co-operation networks for fighting tax frauds in the EU: Communication, procedures and information exchange
City-Labs Talk Series meeting 'Diabetes care in the digital age: accessing innovation & fostering self-care'
“The Unsustainable Burden of Inequalities – How the implementation of the European Pillar of Social Rights can lead to the achievement of the Agenda 2030”
Young people from all over Europe wish to contribute with volunteer activities to the development of a more inter-connected European civil society and in areas of crisis, where the European presence is needed the most. Yet, the lack of opportunities in solidarity activities is leading to a significant waste of human capital and potential in a variety of fields like education and youth, health, social and labour market integration, shelter and site constructions, and others.
The European Solidarity Corps (ESC) initiative tries to fill in this gap and has been the subject of the corresponding Stakeholder Forum on 12 April in Brussels. Via the ESC, the European Union is to stimulate and structure such instances from all civil societies of the member states. The way forward has been brainstormed during the Forum and led to the following conclusions about individuals, organisations and funds to be addressed to the attention of the competent EU Institutions.
Volunteers will register into a database and could be selected and invited to join a wide range of projects, as outlined in the Mission of the European Solidarity Corps. They will be entitled to concrete forms of funding, e.g. travel costs for cross/borders placements, insurance coverage, costs for food and accomodation (for certain destinations). They will also be supported with dedicated trainings and language courses before and during the placements.
All governmental organisations, municipalities, non-governmental organisations and companies of all sizes with a clear solidarity project will be able to apply. They will need to be in line with the Mission and Principles of the Corps and adhere to the Charter of the European Solidarity Corps. Throughout the year, the European Commission will announce that it is seeking project proposals for different types of European Solidarity Corps projects. All organisations will undergo checks to become accredited to run projects for the European Solidarity Corps, and before they are allowed to search for and recruit participants for their projects. Organisations should be granted easy access to funding and accreditation procedures.
A clear stress have been put on the need of complementarity with already existing schemes and initiatives (e.g. European Voluntary Scheme, LIFE Programme, etc.).
Finally, the ESC will also provide structural networking channels to allow potential participants to get in touch and join forces on new initiatives, as well as exchange feedbacks and good practices, thus indirectly the recruitment and match-making possibilities among individual volunteers and organisations.
Succeeding in Europe requires a plan that aligns your value proposition to the diverse requirements of the market. A business development "master plan" should include:
European Partner Solutions can help you develop, and then execute on, a European business development plan that will deliver assured results.
(Yes, I made is review of this game before, but that was a test of CharGen; this is an actual review. Pardon the spelling errors and the length of the review; that is how I review things.)
A while back, I purchased the first edition of Crimson Blades: Crimson Blades Dark Fantasy RPG (core rulebook) and the Crimson Lords Dark Fantasy RPG Supplement. Together, they were a great ruleset, offering a lot of neat rules and ideas. That I found out that there was a new edition in the works, and Simon was nice enough to send me files with a sample of the newer rules and content. Although, largely unchanged in setting, save for a better map, rule-wise, it was way better that what came before. The rules are more consistent and easier to run. I love it!
Originally, the second edition was going to be in a box-set, much like Astonishing Swordsmen & Sorcerers of Hyperborea, containing sheets, fold-up map, (possibly) dice and four rule booklets, each dedicated to a content of the game:
Through reasons beyond his control, he was unable to make that happen, so he published the game in a single book.
The rules are simple and play like the old Basic/Expert D&D rules, but the game uses d6s exclusively. The game is tailored to play in the sort of fantasy seen with Conan of Cimmeria and Elric of Melniboné.
The biggest change between editions is how it handles dice rolls. In the first edition, what you need to roll was based on how you kick-down and hear though doors: roll a d6, with a set number (e.g. 4+; lower, the better) based on ability score or class ability (respectively). Some tasks (including saves) would be based on ability scores, and would not change through level progression, while other tasks would be based on level, with no consideration to high or low ability. Doing anything "untrained" would require a roll of 6 or more on a single die. The second edition streamline the possess by requiring only 4+ on a single die to succeed, high and low ability adjusting all rolls (from -1 to +2), and granting additional dice (thus increasing ones chances of rolling a successful die) through level progression. This also removes a number of ability-based checks like Strength Feat, Lore Roll, Notice Roll and the like.
One of the biggest hooks that got me into the game in the first place is how it handles Hit Dice. Unlike D&D, Hit Dice is not equal to one's level. Hit Dice in this game determines two things: Hit Point total and attacks per turn. Also unlike D&D, you do not keep a running tally of Hit Points per level. Every time you gain a new level, you re-roll your hit points. If you rolled higher that your old total, record the new score. If it equal to or less, than keep the old total. Although, in the new rules, you'll always get the minimum of one hit point per level, which makes hit point totals per level less stagnate. Hit Dice also features a bonus that is added to hit point rolls, but is only applicable to the current level and has no effect on combat rolls. Your Hit Dice is also the number of attack dice you can roll in a single turn. If you have two or more HD, you can use them on a single enemy, or split them between different opponents. You may convert extra dice for bonuses (for yourself or to aid an ally in combat), in order no hit tougher targets. Heavy weapons on the other hand use only one attack die, but the damage dice rolled is equal to your HD, and it is totaled! What that means is that instead of handling damage dice per attack, each effected by Strength and armor, heavy weapons can dish out more damage, with armor being less effective. Originally, defense was much like AC, where armor effected the opponent's ability to hit. Now, AC — called Defence Class (DC) — is based on DEX, shield-use and level bonuses. Armor now absorbs damage, making it possible to not take any damage.
The effects of this system, compared to D&D, is to prevent high level characters from becoming human pincushions, with the trade off being that high level characters are granted more killing power. If find this option to be way better than D&D, as characters who gain level can quickly cut through mobs and down powerful beasts, instead of being bloated meat-shield, who spend all day hacking at monsters.
Another neat rule is its simple encumbrance system. A thing to note, is that I tend to ignore encumbrance. I handle movement and what a character can carry in the laziest way possible. This "Thing" system is insanely simple, and reminds me of the Stone-based (units of 14 lbs.) encumbrance systems used in some of the newer retro-clones. In this game, weapons, armor and gear are rated as "Things." Most weapons, as well as the shield, count as a "Thing." Armor range for one to four "Things." The clothes on your back, some basic adventuring gear and pocket change all counts as only one Thing, but beyond this, what you are carrying is subject to the DM's discretion. In D&D, the thresholds to how much a character can carry is ether static (Basic/Expert), or requires a separate lists, based on STR score (Advanced). The amount of Things a character can carry are such a low numbers, that STR bonus adjusts them without complication.
Your class options in this game are: Barbarian, Griot, Fighter, Mountebank, Thief, Sorcerer, Wayfarer, and the inhuman Dendrelyssi race. This is not a game about characters turning into virtual demigods, so levels are caped at 10th level for all classes. Also, you cannot multi-class.
Fighters are your basic D&D Fighter, but with the ability to preform the kinds of stunts you'll see in Errol Flynn films. Barbarians are your typical berserkers with survival skills and a reliance on agility than heavy armor. Griot are African-styled Bards. Unlike the standard D&D Bard, a Griot can summon spirits to supplement their knowledge. They also have a lot of political clout. Wayfarers play out like D&D Monks, but are strange runaways with mystic abilities. Thieves are like their D&D equivalent, but are focused towards tomb-robbing and second-story work, and possesses no slight-of-hand ability. That ability goes to Mountebanks, who are like Thieves in many ways, but their skills are based on being con-artists. Where a Thief still uses Dexterity as a Prime Requisite, the Mountebank uses Charisma. Sorcerers are like D&D Magic-Users, but they can use meany types of weapons, and can even wear armor. They also benefit from the new rules governing the summoning of unearthly spirits, but not to the same degree as the Dendrelyssi. The Dendrelyssi are a race of white-skin dark elves. Much like D&D Elves, they are as skilled with a sword, as they are skilled with the mystic arts. Their ability to cast spells is weak compared to Sorcerers, but they are exceptional summoners.
Most of the classes have a special skills akin to Thieves' Abilities. They have between three to six skills. The player sets priorities to each skill. The priorities are set as Primary, Secondary and Teriary. From the start, Primary skills offers the best odds of success, while Teriary skills have the lowest odds. As characters progress in level, the odds improve more rapidly with Primary skills as they grant two dice and give more dice sooner, while Teriary skills start you with one die improve only slightly. Mountebanks and Thieves, who have six skills each, can set two skills for each priority. Wayfarers on the other hand, only have four skills, so they can only place one skill in Primary and in Secondary, with the remaining two in Teriary. Saving throws use the same rule. You have the same set of saves as in 3e D&D, with Fort, Ref and Will. Saves by default advance as Teriary skills, but a favorite save, as determine by class, is treated as a Primary skill.
There are other classes, but they are NPCs only. In this case, they are the Fleshcrafter, Merchant, Royal Redeemer and Witch. Fleshcrafters are Dendrelyssi who are skilled in torture and surgery. Merchants are expert hagglers and travelers. The Royal Redeemer are inquisitors who hunt down Dendrelyssi and their sympathizers. And the Witch has a limited cast spells ability (though her familiar), but can brew potions.
Much like Elric of Melniboné, the game is set to the "eternal balance of order and discord", and as such, you can choose to play as Lawful, Neutral or Chaotic. The book makes good note of each of their strengths and shortcomings, without making any side inherently good or evil. Its mostly about being conservative in your outlook (Lawful), or being recalcitrant (Chaotic).
The spell system in this game is the same as D&D, and does not offer much in new rules or ideas. The rules for summoning are wholly original. Whenever a class gains the ability to summon, the player must determine what kind of spirit the character can summon. The are: Elementals (air, earth, fire and water), Demons (of Combat, Desire, Knowledge, Pain, Possession, Protection and Travel) and Undead (corporeal and non-corporeal). Dendrelyssi and Sorcerers can choose what type of spirit they can summon — if they meet Intelligent requirements — then they must roll to see would type they are able to summon. Some classes, like the Griot, are limited to Undead or Demons of Knowledge, while Merchants can call on Demons of Travel. Intelligent and powerful summoners can even summon the lords of these spirits: Elementals Rules, Demon Lords, Liches or Vampires. Instead of the usual D&D-styled magic items, demons can be installed in objects or even people. Demons of Combat can be placed inside weapons to imbue great power to the welder. Demons of Protection can be placed in armor, doors, locks, chests and any other barriers. These items can be dangerous and fickle to use, but they can be awesomely game-braking in the right hands, and that is not a bad thing.
Beyond the core dice mechanics, another major change between edition is the complete removal of Experience Points. The reason for this is that the game is not a dungeon-crawl, nor a hack-n-slash. The goal of this game is to focus on adventure, exploration, mystery, intrigue, drama, politics or anything else that motivates the players beyond just mindless (and eventually boring) killing and looting. In fact, there are no Treasure Types, nor list of random treasure to be fund in this book. The system to rate monsters and encounters by level is still there to help the GM rate the difficulty of an encounter should it get bloody, but is no longer a critical component to the game. Based on how you look at it, this may be a good thing or a bad thing, but to me, it really cuts-down on the time it takes to do a post-game audit.
Weapons are categorized into Weapon Class (Vary Light, Light, Medium and Heavy), and further divided into melee, throwing and range, with example for each. Weapon Class are the same as weapons sizes in Basic D&D, but with different damage dice, or in the case of Heavy, the way you apply damage (although, Medium and Heavy weapons have the same d6 damage dice). Vary Light is basically an unarmed strike or throwing stars/darts (d2 damage die). Armor is categorized into Armor Class (Light, Medium-Light, Medium and Medium-Heavy and Heavy), with each class determining weight (in "Things"), Damage Reduction, Defence Class and penalty to physical actions that requires agility or stealth.
The game comes with a setting installed called The Crimson Lands. The world was once ruled by a race of amoral, degenerate albino-like elves called the Dendrelyssi, who treated other races, not notably humans, as slaves and lab rats. They are like D&D Drows with their cruel and wicked nature, but they are modeled on the appearance of Elric of Melniboné, with their pale skin, although there eyes are whited-out instead of being pink. They used demons and sorcery to maintain their vast empire. Long ago, their empire crumbed, humans rebelled — eventually forming their own nations — and the ageless Dendrelyssi are barren and slowly dying out. The Crimson Lands is made of around half a dozen small continents, surrounded by several large islands and archipelagos. There are around a dozen of human nations, with the Dendrelyssi largely contains to an small continent to the east. Language is mostly derivative of High Dendrelyssi: the language of Dendrelyssi royalty. As the lands are covered in the ruins of ancient Dendrelyssi cities and temples, there are a lot of strange mysteries and horrors lurking in the shadows, waiting to be uncovered by the greedy and foolish.
Braking from the standard quasi-medieval esthetic overused in most fantasy RPGs, Crimson Blades tries for a greater sense of orientalism that inspired pulp fantasy in the first place. The art chosen for the book (mostly public domain and stock art form Sine Normine Publishing) evokes an oriental esthetic throughout.Save for Goblins and Beastmen, you'll find a lack of Tolkienesque races. You will find some Lovecraftian, along with classical Greek creatures, as well as some iconic D&D monsters with a name-change in the monster list. Much like the 5e monster list, there are a good number of typical human NPC types (Bandits, Cultists, Townfolk, etc.), and vary few Orc-like humanoid adventure fodder. After a while in D&D, all those Goblinoids become the same, so having more human types available is refreshing in any RPG. The one predominant humanoid monster found in the Crimson Lands are the Beastmen. They include a list of minor mutations akin to the Hoards of Hades from the MMII, thus keeping them from looking all the same. In a way, they are like Broo form RuneQuest, but way primitive and beastly. Even with all the added killing-power of high-level character's, there are monsters that surpass the ability of a party of 10th level characters to slay. Like in any RPG, such monsters help keep players on their toes, and when used sparingly, is good to give the players a memorable encounter, without loosing all awe to ease or repetition.
The book is filled with DM advice that helps adventure go beyond the generic dungeon setting. You'll find find hooks and ideas for running adventures in a wide range of environments (cities, wilderness, seas, old ruins, etc.), and without throwing huge lists of random encounters (although, is a list, but its only takes up a single page). The primary advice is not to railroad the party into a pre-scripted story, as players would just derail such efforts, but to allow the players to determine where they want to go, and to figure out their own way out of a given situation. One of the fun things I enjoy doing, is reading the list of hooks and figuring what book or movie the ideas came form. Some people might find that unoriginal or lacking in creativity, but any DM worth their salt knows how that the best adventures takes liberally form great works of fiction, and the less the players know, the better! I do this a lot. Plus, anyone who casually pitches the idea to incorporate the premise of Alien (1979) in a fantasy game is a winner in my book, because, even with all the clues and foreshadowing, the players will still fall for it. Yes, if they figure it out off the bat, likely avoid it the situation (as they should). But in most cases, they would find out once they are neck-deep into the adventure, and when they do, they go into total panic mode! (Its good to be DM!)
So yeah, this game does a lot differently. The rules are simple enough to be altered easily. With some changes here are there, you can use the rules for nearly any setting. The setting by itself strays from the same old vanilla fantasy. Which I find strange and funny, as I need an escape like this, for my escapist hobby. Although, I have not had a chance to get the full feel of the game as I have not had the change to house-rule the hell out of the game. I don't always run a game "by the book", so I cant wait to see would I'll add, and what I'll drop. I'm like a grease-monkey with RPGs. To me, tweaking a game engine is high art and a way of life. I know there are rules form Conan (Mongoose Publishing) and 5e D&D that might work well with this game.
Recently, I discovered an old, iconic third-party D&D setting form Judges Guild called The Wilderlands. I quite enjoy the premises of the setting, but their are a number of minor issues I would change about it (and not the odd skin colors; as a Carcosaian fan, I don't mind that much at all). If I was to run a Wilderlands-inspired setting, I would strongly consider run it with this ruleset.
Its been a lonely task packing for these two boys without being able to go on vacation with them myself. I am happy that they are getting some one on one bonding time, but can’t help but to be jealous. This isn’t the first time Jax has been to the ocean, but it would have definitely been the most fun to date. Now that he is old enough to really know he is somewhere new and experience new things. For months we have been so excited to spend this time as a family and to be apart of two of our best friends weddings. So it is hard to be stuck so far away while Jax experiences the beach and our friends celebrate one of the most important days they will ever have. It’s hard to imagine not being a part of a memory they will have for the rest of their lives. I do however plan on making Justin take photos of my head on the iPad with everyone there… haha. And at least Justin can still stand with them, and Jax can be there to support them and dance his little butt off.
Meanwhile I can remain safe and not be at risk to Zika, which is still a comfort even though I miss them more than anything. I keep getting texts telling me how much my friends are getting bitten, which feels reassuring. Even though I barely had a decision to make, I know I made the right one. So while I am spending this time at home I’m trying to keep my mind off of things and take advantage of the time (which I suddenly have so much of) to work around the house and on some projects that I have been excited to get started on.
Late two nights ago my husband took a look at my, some would say “neurotic”, packing and laughed at me. Which may have been well deserved. But my main objective is to make everything for them as easy as possible. Even if it does seem over the top and warrant a laugh. Even if my outfits are weather categorized, and arranged by comfort. This way, whatever they plan for the day, there is a correlating outfit. Which may or may not contain a small little gift or note for the loves of my life. They can thank me later… Yes, I made labels. And I am not ashamed of this. EVERYTHING looks better (and more organized) in pretty packaging. I stand by that. It also keeps all the outfits from falling apart throughout travel and keeps every pair of socks with every outfit. I am not sure why, but I always end up losing the socks first.
Heres the labels if your interested in using them as well! I wrapped up a bottom, a top, some socks, a sweater in some cases, and a little “surprise” in each bundle. In this bundle, the surprise was a little wooden cement roller. I tried to keep all of his toys quiet ones so that on the plane and during the wedding he could still have them. I really wanted to pick up a plane so that he could see and play with it while on his first flight, and it helped the only one that I could find was a little wooden toy as well. So I bought a few of the cars from the same line for a couple of the bundles. Some of the other bundles got lollipops and some got love notes. And all of them were wrapped up and labeled before being packed away. Every day they can open up a surprise or a reminder of how much I love and miss them. Hopefully making something as simple as getting dressed a little more special on their trip.
One other small thing I added to their bag, and the most important thing if you ask me… Is a picture list. A list of all the pictures and memories that I wanted from this trip and wanted to memorialize. It gives me a way to feel a part of the trip, and I also look forward to the creative pictures I know I will get from these two! If only I could pack myself up and go with him too, then our packing would be perfect.
Posted in Being called Mom, Home, Our Family, Print-spiration, Printable, Travel	| Tagged airplane busy pack, airplane packing, dad and baby travel, dad proof packing, first airplane ride, organized packing, organized travel, organizing your clothes, packing, packing a carry on, packing dad, packing for baby, packing for kids, packing for your toddler, snack pack, vacation packing	| Leave a reply
E-liquids, also known as vaping juice or e-juices refer to the fluid that fuels an electronic cigarette. It provides the nicotine solution, as well as the flavoring to your e-cigarette. It also creates the vapor in which users exhale, mimicking the experience of traditional smoking.There are many e-cigarette products available on the market today. You can also find e-liquids in various flavors and brands out there. Whether it is your first time vaping or not, it is important to know if you really want to buy the one with nicotine or without. nicvape.co.nz offers some in-depth insights on e-liquids.
The strength of e-liquids is often measured in milligrams per milliliter. They come in various strengths, largely depending on the manufacturer or brand. If you’re experienced with the use of nicotine products, you have to know how a product works on your body and the amount of dosage you’re getting from it before you try vaping.
There are many ways to absorb nicotine. It can be through your skin, in the mouth or through your lungs by inhalation. The latter, which is inhalation that can be done through smoking or vaping provides the fastest effect on the body.
If you are not using tobacco products, you must understand that nicotine is a highly addictive substance. It has chemical effects on the body that may not be beneficial. Vaping e-liquids can be used and enjoyed not just to take in nicotine. Perhaps, you just want to enjoy the flavors or satisfy an oral fixation. This is possible with the use of e-liquids with 0mg strengths. This is often the ideal option for those who want to quit a nicotine habit.
Unlike tobacco, e-juices can contain nicotine just as an additional ingredient. So, just as easily as adding the ingredient, it can also just be left out or eliminated from the recipe.
This is why my life sucks. I got married at age 19 to my hischool sweetheart and had to kids with her. This was the love of my life. Sounds like a happy story right. Wrong during the whole marrige she never helped me, never cooked, rearly cleaned, and hardly ever worked. What she did do is repeatedly cheat on me and treat me and our children horribly. I put up with all of this to keep my family together only for her to break up the family anyway. Whats sad is that I still love her and although womwen seem to like me I cannot connect with any of them. My children are damaged from all of this and I don't know how to help them. Everyday I live a meaningless exsistance. I have a job I hate where I work with people I don't like and make just enough money to get by. I'm 41yrs old and feel my life may as well be over. The only joy I have is when my kids are doing okay wich is rearly. Unfortunatly they have issues as well. My children are biracial thier mother was black I am white not that its a bad thing but I see that they have a hard time with it and that also breaks my heart. My children live with me and rearly see thier mother. I get almost no help. I basicly live to take care of them. Every day I have to put on a fake smile Tell them everything is great and the relive the same crappy day over and over till I am lucky enough for It to be over.
hey man you got balls. you are a fucking man. you take care of those children, and no one can judge you. don't forget that. don't lose hope! work hard, wait for the right woman to come by, and be happy. just keep on smiling, alright!?
Sometimes the best you can do for your kids is just let them know you have their back. Life is hard for everybody but what makes it tolerable or even good at times is when you have other people to fall back on who can lift you up on your bad days. So just let them know that they have that, that you are all on a team together, no matter which way things goes or how life turns out for any of them, and that's the best gift that you can give. And maybe try to take more joy and fulfillment from the fact that you have *them*. I'm sure they would feel it. Just some suggestions.
Like myself man you have to find the enjoyment in your child's eyes when it appears, tell them you love them always and you will bring brightness to their lives.Enjoy a freshly brewed coffee on a sun filled day.That's it, that's all it has to be!
Our church leadership team recognizing the Holy Spirit’s work and leading in our lives, and desiring to obey God’s will, asked if we would agree to be publicly confirmed and released in our callings of apostle and prophet to the nations. We agreed, wholeheartedly. A special commissioning service took place on Father’s Day, June 15th, 2003. After this, we found the Lord opening many more doors for us locally and overseas for the purpose of establishing and unifying God’s people through the preaching of His word and the demonstration of His Holy Spirit.
August 21st, 2004 marked the inauguration of this ministry. A terrific group of dedicated friends of the ministry believed in this vision and took the initiative through the Holy Spirit’s leading to organize a fundraising banquet attended by our church family and many dear friends. The atmosphere felt like a wedding ceremony. We felt the warmth and the cordiality as well as the joy of friends and family, many witnessed the solemn pledge made with the Lord: That we would preach the gospel to the lost and dying world and would not love our lives as unto the death. Everyone that participated left with an indelible mark of great anticipation for an explosion of His Kingdom as a Witness To All Nations. The Master of Ceremonies of the occasion was Pastors Larry and Lois Seeman of Foundation of Life Church in Weyburn. The Keynote speaker for the evening was TV Thomas of Centre for Evangelism & World Mission, Regina who articulated clearly and beautifully three reasons for partnering with Witness To All Nations. The task is clear – Witness. The message is solid – Witness of the Gospel. The scope is world wide – To all Nations.
LED single light pendant offer the latest energy efficient for enhanced home interior inspiration, whilst ensuring all products follow the latest trends in domestic and decorative lighting.
aimer: medconsumer.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. medconsumer.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at: [email protected] If you find inappropriate content.
In addition to the history, theology, scripture, and liturgy which students learn while at The General Theological Seminary, what other knowledge do they need in order to become excellent priests, serving Christ’s church in a changing world? This is the question I have attempted to answer over the past year, and particularly throughout the summer, in order to shape the Integrative Seminars, a fundamental component of The Way of Wisdom.
The six learning outcomes, listed here, represent the distillation of a year of listening to alumni, bishops, and current research on the state of the church and the clergy. Two particularly influential sources of information have been “Learning Pastoral Imagination: A Five-Year Program on How New Ministers Learn in Practice,” a qualitative study carried out through Auburn Seminary by Dr. Christian Scharen and Dr. Eileen Campbell-Reed, which is available at pastoralimagination.com; and “Clergy Leadership for the 21st Century: Are We Up to the Task?” a white paper presented to the VTS Board of Trustees by David Gortner in 2014.
By the end of six semesters of The Way of Wisdom—six semesters of integrative seminars and four concurrent semesters of field placement—students will:
1. Actively integrate knowledge from multiple contexts, including theological study, contextual education, and their personal lives.
In a recent long-range study of 50 diverse clergy-people, Chris Scharen and Eileen Campbell-Reed of Auburn Seminary sought to answer the question, “How is pastoral imagination formed through the practice of ministry over time?” One of their primary findings, drawing on Craig Dykstra’s previous work, is that “learning pastoral imagination happens best in formation for ministry that is integrative, embodied, and relational.” While the integrative seminars are not the only place where students will be challenged to develop this capacity, they are the primary location.
In reviewing some of the senior work of our recent graduates, it is clear that most students struggled to articulate the theological underpinnings of daily ministerial experiences. To help develop this ability, students must learn the difference between “thinking fast” and “thinking slow,” in order to recognize and nurture theologically-grounded decision-making processes.
Decades of research by Stanford psychologist, Carol Dweck, demonstrate that success in any given field is largely due, not to natural ability or innate genius, but rather, to mindset—particularly a “growth” mindset versus a “fixed” mindset. It is the seminary’s responsibility to prepare seminarians for a lifetime of learning by fostering an understanding of priestly formation as a lifelong process of development, rather than a moment or brief period of ontological change which culminates in ordination.
4. Recognize organizational systems, assess personal and individual motivations within these systems, and prioritize actions to make change within a given system.
When discussing with alumni, and recent graduates of other theological institutions, the things they most wished they had learned in seminary—but did not—a recurring theme is the desire to make change within calcified systems. Given the rapidly changing state of The Episcopal Church, it is vitally important to equip seminarians with a deep awareness of self, systems, and context, for the sake of change-making.
David Gortner’s long-range clergy study, “Clergy Into Action,” surveyed more than 1,000 recently-ordained mainline clergy-people to assess their preparedness for ministry, particularly in relationship to “what they learned in seminary.” A finding of this research is that clergy-people are tremendously under-prepared when asked to function collaboratively. This is deeply unfortunate, as the basis of Christian ministry is the ekklesia; and, therefore, nearly all ministry is—or should be—collaborative. While other groups, such as the Episcopal Church Foundation, via their Vital Teams initiative, are attempting to remedy this lack post-ordination, seminaries have a great opportunity to develop and model collaborative leadership within our classrooms.
6. Demonstrate sophistication in multiple forms of communication, including 21st-century digital ministry skills.
Recent graduates of this and other seminaries have indicated that, while they may use digital and social media in their personal lives, they feel unprepared to integrate this form of communication into their ministry. Faculty and staff of this seminary have noticed that students struggle to adapt communication styles to various platforms. Communication is the primary tool of evangelism, and we must prepare our students for evangelism in the modern context.
Thirteen students began their Wisdom Year placements this term. These placements are spread throughout five dioceses, and include three placements in bilingual settings via church and diocesan partnerships, in addition to Manhattan “avenue” placements and smaller, suburban “curacy” placements. It is our hope that, through experiencing intensive ministerial field education, paired with challenging classroom-based reflection, students will graduate as better-prepared candidates to lead the church in a changing world.
HABARI ZILIZOPITA Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013
The road safety office of MAYO COUNTY COUNCIL is highlighting a parking practice in Ireland that is extremely dangerous and an inconvenience to other drivers. This is parking in the opposite direction to that of the traffic flow.
Parking against the flow of traffic is not illegal in Ireland and but can be hazardous, particularly when exiting from the parking place. At all times you are advised to park or stop your vehicle so it faces the same direction as the flow of traffic. In some European countries this practice is illegal, but here it is only a recommendation that drivers “Do park facing in the same direction as the traffic”. ( UK Rule 248 of the Highway Code states "you MUST NOT park on a road at night facing against the direction of the traffic flow unless in a recognised parking space.)
The drivers attempting this manoeuvre must cross into the lane of oncoming traffic, reverse against the flow, hold up anyone approaching, and make a nuisance of themselves. When leaving their spot, they repeat the process in reverse order. This is especially dangerous at night when the headlights blind other drivers who are on their own side of the road. There are numerous problems which can arise – not least of which is endangering other traffic. When we speak of other traffic this does not only mean other cars. Pedestrians, pedal cyclists, motorcyclists and all manner of other motor vehicles are also included in the word “traffic”.
Noel Gibbons Road Safety Officer with #MayoCountyCouncil said “One danger is that traffic will slam into your parked car if your rear reflectors are not facing the proper way, particularly in poor visibility such as fog or rain and also at night time. This type of parking becomes particularly dangerous in unlit areas, where the rear reflectors are necessary to alert passing cars. These cars would be shrouded in darkness as the drivers passing by wouldn't be able to see them properly.Please don’t just park you vehicle conveniently ,park it safely for your safety and the safety of other road users. Page 132 in the rules of the road sates where possible park in the direction of the traffic. Its not a specific offence but there is an offence for dangerous parking ..depending on the circumstances - 5 Penalty points on conviction and a court fine”
Meanwhile, motors parked the correct way would be visible and illuminated by headlights bouncing off the rear reflectors which alerts passing cars and will not create a danger when merging with traffic as they pull out of parking position.
Midwest Radio - Ireland needs to become a bridge builder within the UN, according to former President, Ballina native, Mary Robinson
Ireland needs to become a bridge builder within the UN, according to former President, Ballina native, Mary Robinson
Ireland needs to become a bridge builder within the UN, according to former President, Ballina native, Mary Robinson.
Officials say it would give an opportunity to be involved in the major decisions facing the world over the next few years.
The former UN Commissioner is one of those strongly supporting Ireland’s bid to secure a seat in 2021.
She also criticised some of the permanent members of the council like the US and Russia for using a veto on serious issues.
The Taoiseach and Tánaiste, who are in New York, have stressed how our history of peacekeeping could bring a unique voice to the council.
U2 star Bono also addressed the launch, criticising Donald Trump's government for pulling out of the Paris climate accord.
IT solutions and networking company, Dublin based, Arkphire, has today announced its acquisition of CloudStrong, a specialist cloud solution provider that is located in Castlebar. The new combined business is committed to building out a growth cloud services…
A number of Mayo food businesses were among the winners at the third annual Food Awards Ireland 2018. The awards were announced in Dublin on Monday. Treanlaur Catering in Mayo won the Caterer of the Year overall award. The Restaurant General Manager of the…
200 new jobs are being announced this morning for Galway City. US company Genesys, which specialises in omnichannel customer experience and contact centre solutions, is announcing the creation of 200 jobs at an event in Galway this morning. Earlier this year,…
The two young men who died after the car they were travelling in hit a tree in Ballina on Monday night have been named locally as 21-year old Jack O'Hora from Castleconnor, Co Sligo and 28-year old Ricky Langdon from St Patrick's Estate, Ballina. The fatal…
20 Garda stations in the Western region cannot access the PULSE computer system, due to a lack of internet connectivity. The Justice Minister Charlie Flanagan has released new figures which show that, nationally, there are still 76 Garda stations operating…
Gardaí are renewing their appeal for witnesses after two men in their 20's died following a single vehicle road collision on the Killala Road in Ballina last night. The collision occurred at about 11.15 pm when a car, carrying three men, collided with a tree…
Mayo County Council should double the hedge-cutting budget for next year, as trees growing out on roads are now a major health & safety problem. That's according to West Mayo Independent Councillor Michael Holmes. €100,000 was allocated for hedge-cutting in…
A Mayo Councillor is calling on the local authority to provide the funding to ensure all fire appliances in the county have a defibrillator. Sinn Fein Councillor Gerry Murray says he attended a recent function in Charlestown, where the Irish Heart Foundation…
Galway University Hospital is the most overcrowded in the country today, with 43 patients waiting for admission to a bed. Across the country, there are 510 people on hospital trolleys today, according to the INMO. 43 of these are at UHG where two of the…
Two men in their 20's were fatally injured in a single vehicle road collision on the Killala Road in Ballina last night. The collision occurred at about 11.15 pm when a car, carrying three men, collided with a tree near the Costcutter store on the Killala…
Two men in their 20's were fatally injured in a single vehicle road collision on the Killala Road in Ballina last night. The collision occured at about 11.15 pm when a car, carrying three men, collided with a tree near the Costcutter store on the Killala…
The Mullarkey family, Eileen, Alan and their five children are living along a road being used for access into and out of the construction site of the huge wind farm that is under construction in Bellacorrick. The windfarm is being developed by the ESB and…
Gardai have confirmed that the Killala Road in Ballina is closed following a serious collision. The incident occured near the Costcutter store on the Killala Road. Emergency services are at the scene. Diversions are in place, and Gardai expect the road will…
The number of people in Mayo who have availed of the Senior Alert Scheme has more than doubled in the past year. As of the end of October, 1441 people in Mayo were registered on the scheme, compared to 675 participants at the same stage last year. The Senior…
Irish Rail have announced additional services on the Sligo-Dublin route from the 9th December, due to increased demand. From Mondays to Fridays, an additional service will be provided from Connolly Station to Sligo, with trains leaving Connolly at 6.55 am and…
Western Lakes Cycling Club in Ballinrobe has lost €10,000 worth of equipment after ten top of the range bikes were stolen from its premises. Thieves climbed in a small window of the old factory building on the Kilmaine road and targeted the cycling club’s…
Rents in Co Mayo rose by an average of 11.4% in the year to September 2018 - which was in line with the national average according to the latest quarterly report from property website Daft.ie. The average advertised rent in mayo is now €704 per month. Rents…
A pedestrian who was fatally injured after being hit by a car in Co Galway on Saturday evening has been named locally. 59-year old Marek Pakla, a Polish national who was living in Ballinasloe, was pronounced dead at the scene. The fatal collision occurred at…
Financial services firm Grant Thornton is creating 400 jobs over the next two years. The positions are in a wide range of areas including consulting, accounting, and technology. 200 of the positions will be for highly experienced candidates while the…
Sligo University Hospital has the joint highest number of patients on trolleys in the Country today with 37
478 patients are waiting for a bed at hospitals across the country this morning. 321 of them are waiting in emergency departments, according to the INMO. Sligo University Hospital and University Hospital Limerick both have 37 people on trolleys followed by…
Trees in some areas of Castlebar are so overgrown, that they're almost growing into people's houses. That's according to the Cathaoirleach of Mayo County Council Blackie Gavin. At this week's meeting of the Castlebar Municipal District, Councillor Gavin again…
Thousands of pensioners are due to receive letters shortly to outline what a review of the changes in rate bands for the State pension will mean for them. Earlier this year, Minister Regina Doherty announced a U-turn, after Fianna Fail requested that a…
Michael D Higgins has been inaugurated for a second term as the President of Ireland. In a ceremony last night at Dublin Castle, he again took up the seal of office to serve for another seven years. Michael D Higgins delivered what was a wide ranging speech…
In excess of 200 people attended a protest today in the village of Breaffy over speed limits there. The protest was held outside St John’s National School as people gathered to voice their frustration that the speed limit on the N60 road which runs through…
People cannot continue to be made strangers on their own land. That's according to Erris-based FG Councillor Gerry Coyle, who says that's what's happening at present due to planning regulations in the Mayo County Development Plan. Councillor Coyle is…
New study shows more land was planted for forestry in Mayo last year than in four of the country's leading dairy counties combined
A new study shows more land was planted to forestry in Mayo last year than in four of the country's leading dairy counties combined. 531 hectares of land in Mayo were planted by private concerns in 2017 - while the total for Waterford, Kilkenny, Tipperary and…
A man died following a road collision in Ballinasloe yesterday evening. The fatal collision occurred at Kilclooney, Ballinasloe, Co. Galway at approximately 7pm. A male pedestrian in his 50s died when he was struck by a car. He was pronounced dead at the…
A protest over speed limits in Breaffy will go ahead as planned tomorrow. That’s according to the Cathaoirleach of Castlebar Municipal District Cllr Michael Kilcoyne. Elected members have organised the protest, as they say they have exhausted all avenues open…
A number of events will take place tomorrow in Mayo to mark the 100th anniversary of the Armistice. At 11am tomorrow church bells will be ringing all over Europe and in America, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and elsewhere. They will also ring out in towns…
Number of houses in the West Mayo Municipal District that appeal to be left vacant of concern according to Councillor
The number of houses in the West Mayo Municipal District that appear to be left vacant is of concern in light of the number of people on the council housing waiting list, according to Fine Gael Councillor in Westport Tereasa McGuire. The Councillor sought…
Following advice from the Health Service Executive, Irish Water and Galway County Council have issued a Boil Water Notice for homes and businesses on both sides of Barrack Street in Loughrea town supplied by the Loughrea-Knockanima Public Water Supply. The…
Ballina Arts Centre say they are struggling financially and have appealed to the Council to increase it's annual funding to the facility
The very popular Arts Centre in Ballina, located on Barrett Street in the town, is struggling financially and has appealed to both Ballina Municipal District and Mayo County Council to increase its annual funding to the facility. The Arts centre also receives…
There are over 780 ESB Customers without power today in the Claremorris area. ESB say supply is down due to a technical fault and expect to have power restored by 6.15pm this evening.
Sarah and Alan Hayes and their five children in Cloonfad, county Roscommon are recovering from the trauma of their home catching fire on Wednesday evening last. The Hayes family in Cloonfad returned home,to see their house ablaze and fire brigades from…
The public protest at Breaffy this Sunday, unanimously approved by Castlebar councillors earlier this week, is going ahead, according to the Cathaoirleach of Castlebar Municipal District councillor Michael Kilcoyne. Earlier today a member of the Breaffy Road…
Casey’s Londis Ballina has been named as the Off-Licence Store of the Year at the annual Londis Retailing Awards. The awards were presented at the Sheraton Hotel in Athlone. The Londis Retailing Awards have been running for over 20 years and recognise stores…
Claremorris Historical Society is inviting the community to the launch of the second edition of its annual journal, Clann Mhuiris in Claremorris Library on Friday evening week, 16th November. Featuring articles by local authors on various aspects of the…
Public Meeting this evening in Breaffy to look at options on the table from TII in efforts to reduce speed limit through the village
A public meeting will take place this evening (Friday) in Breaffy to look at the options that TII (Transport Infrastructure Ireland) is offering the community in terms of its long campaign to have the speed limit through the village which is located along the…
A status Yellow Wind and Rain warning is in place at present across Connaught counties. Both came into effect in the early hours of this morning. Southeasterly winds are expected to reach mean speeds of 50 to 65km/h with gusts of 90 to 110km/hr. Gusts will…
Galway West TD Eamon O'Cuiv has been removed from the Fianna Fail front bench, following his involvement in the unauthorised launch of an election candidate in northern Ireland. Deputy O'Cuiv and Senator Mark Daly were involved in an event claiming to be the…
Claremorris Chamber of Commerce has a new President. Architect Patrick Broderick takes over the role from Jimmy Flynn, who was Chamber President since 2012. The incoming President runs an architectural practice at Mount St, Claremorris. Mr Broderick says his…
Marine scientists have discovered a “very rare” shark nursery in deep waters some 200 miles off the west coast. The nursery was discovered during an investigation of Ireland’s deep ocean territory, and shows the seabed littered with eggs, or so-called…
Met Eireann has issued status yellow wind and rainfall warnings for Mayo, ahead of a very wet and windy day tomorrow. A status yellow rainfall warning applies to Mayo, Galway and 11 other counties in the east and south, with heavy rain leading to…
Enniscrone / Kilglass GAA club has called on Castlebar Councillor Al McDonnell to apologise for comments he made at a council meeting earlier this week, where he criticised the selection of Enniscrone pitch as the venue for last Sunday's Connacht Club senior…
Where is the increased revenue that Mayo county council is getting from increases to business rates being spent ? That was the question posed yesterday by Fine Gael councillor Jarlath Munnelly at the monthly meeting of Ballina Municipal District. The…
The plans for the new 8 bed hospice building, to be located beside Roscommon University Hospital will be outlined this afternoon at a launch located at the new site, known locally as Hannon’s field. The new hospice is scheduled to be completed and open to…
Sunday week, November 18th, is a Science Open Day at the GMIT, Castlebar campus. It’s the highlight of Science Week that will run from Sunday to Sunday -Nov 11th to 18th and is organised annually by Mayo county council, and all events are free. Westport Fine…
The controversial decision last Friday by council management in Mayo to discontinue the services of a street sweeper and persons to empty litter bins on the streets in towns located in the Ballina Municipal District has now been reversed and the service will…
4 masked raiders got away with several thousand euro worth of phone in a robbery in Roscommon this morning
Up to four masked raiders got way with several thousand euro worth of phones in a robbery in Roscommon town. The raid happened around half past four this morning, In the early hours of this morning a Silver 5 series BMW pulled up outside the Vodafone shop on…
The Taoiseach has defended his view that doctors and nurses shouldn't be allowed to take leave over Christmas. Leo Varadkar says it's the busiest time of the year for the health service and staff should be working 'full whack'. It's led to criticism from…
Gardai In Claremorris are advising householders in the Claremorris and Ballindine area of a bogus door-to-door collector that was operating in the area yesterday evening. The male collector was wearing a “Dogs Trust” t-shirt and was supposedly collecting for…
There are almost 600 patients on trolleys at hospitals across the country today, according to the Irish Nurses & Midwives Organisation, which is preparing to ballot its members on industrial action. In this region, the highest number on trolleys is at Sligo…
Sligo councillor cannot represent Fianna Fail at next year's local elections due to SIPO investigation
A Sligo Fianna Fail Councillor says he will run as an Independent candidate in next year's local elections, if he cannot represent Fianna Fail. Councillor Joe Queenan has confirmed that he received an email from party headquarters yesterday to say his name…
Local authorities who are failing to spend their Traveller acccomodation budgets could face financial sanctions, under proposals being examined by a Government-appointed expert group. The Oireachtas Committee on Housing heard yesterday that, in the last year,…
The ongoing traffic delays on the Foxford road entrance to Ballina were discussed at a meeting of Mayo County Council's Special Policy Committee on Roads yesterday evening. Roadworks are continuing on a 1.2 km section of the N26 Foxford Road into Ballina,…
The Taoiseach is being called on to clarify what agreement, if any, has been made in relation to a review of a Brexit backstop. It comes as Leo Varadkar travels to Finland today, where Brexit is set to top the agenda in a series of meetings with Finnish…
Mayo County Council has confirmed that work will start shortly on safety improvement measures close to Corrib Oil on the N5 Westport-Castlebar road. A number of serious collisions have occurred at this location, and Westport-based Independent Councillor…
The decision to hold last Sunday's Connacht senior club football championship match between Ballintubber and Tourlestrane in Enniscrone GAA pitch has been criticised by a Mayo councillor. The Ballintubber side recorded a one-point win over the Sligo…
A boil water notice on the Grangemore Public Water Supply scheme in Co Roscommon has been lifted, with immediate effect. The boil water notice was imposed on 27th July, due to coliform bacteria detections and low chlorine residuals at locations throughout the…
Reception in the Mansion House this evening to mark naming of US Navy ship after Ballyhaunis war hero
Members of the Gallagher family from Ballyhaunis are in Dublin this evening, where the Lord Mayor of Dublin will host a reception in recognition of the decision by the US Navy to name a warship after Corporal Patrick Gallagher. Bob as he was known - a native…
Roadworks taking place on the Foxford road entrance to Ballina have been causing significant delays for motorists, as well as for emergency vehicles such as ambulances. That's according to Ballina-based TD Dara Calleary, who's calling on the contractors to…
A protest will take place next Sunday, calling for the speed limit at Breaffy outside Castlebar to be reduced to 60 km/h. Following numerous collisions at this location, including fatal crashes, councillors have been calling for some time to have the speed…
Achill Councillor annoyed over amount of time devoted to Westport town at West Mayo Municipal District meetings
The amount of time devoted to talking about issues concerning Westport town at monthly meetings of the West Mayo Municipal District is completely out of proportion in view of the large area that the district represents from the Ceide fields in north Mayo to…
West Mayo councillors stunned after GMA funding withheld from local voluntary groups was accessed to fund council events like Mayo Day
West Mayo councillors appeared stunned yesterday when it was revealed that GMA funding withheld from local voluntary groups, was accessed by council management to fund its own events like Mayo Day. The news was revealed at a special draft 2019 budget meeting…
A 68 year old woman has died following a crash in Roscommon last night. The three car collision happened on the N63 Lanesboro to Roscommon road at around 9:45pm. The victim was pronounced dead at the scene and her body was removed to the mortuary at Roscommon…
Councillor furious over lack of funding to address serious damage to infrastructure in Bellmullet in the wake of Storm Callum last month
With an estimated 200,000 euro of damage done to infrastructure in Belmullet in the wake of storm Callum last month, and with only 50,000 euro as yet allocated to repair the damage, many locals live in fear of the next storm. That’s according to local Sinn…
A Galway-based start-up company has hired 8 new staff at its Galway office in 2018, with plans to recruit a further 17 over the next 12-18 months. The expansion of PiP IT Global follows a successful fundraising exercise earlier this year, when they secured…
COPE Galway has today launched a new booklet today, to remember the women who lived and worked in the former Magdalen Laundry in Galway. The Magdalen Laundry operated on Forster Street from 1870 to 1984. The convent building associated with the laundry is to…
Westport-based company Portwest is investing $10 million dollars in expanding its operations in Australia. The workwear and outdoor clothing company officially launched a new state-of-the-art warehouse facility in Melbourne last week. Minister of State at the…
The family of late country music legend Big Tom McBride are devastated by a weekend death in his extended family. Rita Bogdanova, the partner of Dermot McBride, one of Big Tom's sons, died suddenly of health complications after giving birth to a baby girl.…
Galway West TD says self-regulation of Social Media can no longer continue ahead of a meeting on the matter this week
There are urgent calls for the regulation of social media ahead of a meeting on the issue this week. The Chair of the Oireachtas Communications Committee, Galway West TD Hildegarde Naughton, has written to all Government ministers to try and get their…
Mayo Senator calls on the IDA to step up its efforts in promoting Killala for a data centre, as planning permission has already been granted for such a development at the former Asahi site
A Fine Gael Senator has called on the IDA to step up its efforts in promoting Killala for a data centre, as planning permission has already been granted for such a development at the former Asahi site. Senator Michelle Mulherin says we were told the main…
A man was taken to hospital after being knocked down in Ballaghaderreen on Saturday night. The pedestrian was struck by a car in Pound Street at 9pm. The local man, who is aged in his late sixties, was brought to Mayo University Hospital in Castlebar for…
Gardaí seized a significant quantity of cocaine during a weekend search in Ballina. Gardaí confirmed to Midwest News this morning that a property in the Bunree area of Ballina was raided on Saturday and Gardai uncovered drugs which have a street value of a…
A Roscommon Fine Gael Senator says that, as the centenary of the Armistice draws near, wearing the Shamrock Poppy honours the 200,000 Irish men and women who served and especially the 50,000 Irish who died in World War I. Senator Frank Feighan says that…
A Galway based Minister says that funding for a new water safety initiative will save lives in Galway. Minister for the Irish Language, the Gaeltacht and the Islands Sean Kyne was reacting to news of funding of €24,000 for the initiative in the River Corrib…
Over €133,000 in LEADER funding has been allocated for Mayo community projects today. The funding will support six community initiatives in Mayo. €45,440 has been granted to Louisa Stoney, Rosturk, Mulranny to upgrade self-catering accommodation to meet the…
Need for Councillors to sing from same hymn sheet regarding roads in Ballina area highlighted by local Councillor
The need for Councillors to all sing from the same hymn sheet, to ensure that the N26 road out of Ballina and the proposed new orbital route around the town are both prioritised by Transport Infrastructure Ireland (TII) was highlighted by Fine Gael Councillor…
Hospital consultants have warned that public hospitals are in a state of crisis. The IHCA has welcomed an interview from former HSE director general Tony O'Brien in the Sunday Business Post this morning. In it, he warns that the difficulty recruiting and…
It's emerged that 195 farmers will be directly affected by the proposed Galway City ring road. The N6 ring road will run around the city from Barna in the west, to Ballybrit in the East. Last month, the Cabinet approved the Galway City ringroad development,…
The firm that runs Irish Water should take control of National Broadband Plan according to Fianna Fail
The firm that runs Irish Water should take control of the National Broadband Plan, according to Fianna Fail. According to the Irish Independent, the party wants Ervia to be put in charge of the rollout of high speed broadband across the country. It says a…
The OPW hope to start construction in mid-2019 on the bypass channel of the River Deel in Crossmolina. That's according to Mayo FG Senator Michelle Mulherin, who raised the issue at a meeting of the Oireachtas Climate Action Committee this week. Senator…
Mayo native and his company profiled in report launched this week by Local Enterprise Office for Dublin city.
A Mayo native and his company are profiled in a report launched this week by the Local Enterprise Office for Dublin city. Jason Sheehy, a native of Achill Island, is Operations and Finance Manager with iKydz - a company that provides internet safety solutions…
Mayo TD calls on Social Protection Minister to ensure local offices have flexibility to pay illness benefit while IT glitch is being fixed
A Mayo TD has called on Minister for Social Protection Regina Doherty to ensure that local offices have the flexibility to pay people their illness benefits, while an ongoing IT glitch is being fixed. Fianna Fail TD Dara Calleary says the discrepancies in the…
A protest is taking place today outside the Ballina Civic Offices, over the lack of social housing in Mayo. Today’s protest has been organised by the Ballina Housing Action Committee. Joe Daly of Mayo People Before Profit was one of those protesting today. He…
The village of Cong will host a unique gathering later this month called CongRegation. It’s the 6th year of this free to attend festival that will this year centre around the theme of Ideas. To take part in the 3 day event you must however, submit a 600 word…
Deputy confirms that residents in east Mayo/north Sligo to be hooked back up to the Lough Talt Public Water Supply
Householders and businesses in the Bellaghy /Curry area of east Mayo and South Sligo who had been taken off the Lough Talt Public Water supply earlier this year, when a Boil Water notice was applied to the scheme, due to the detection of cryptosporidium in…
Met Eireann has issued a status Yellow Wind warning for counties Mayo, Donegal, Galway, Sligo, Clare and Kerry
Met Eireann has issued a status Yellow Wind warning for counties Mayo, Donegal, Galway, Sligo, Clare and Kerry Southerly winds will reach mean speeds of 50 to 65 km/h, gust 90 to 100 km/h later this evening and tonight in Atlantic coastal counties, strongest…
More steps need to be taken to ensure the tax-payer isn't left footing the bill for badly built schools, according to Fianna Fail. Assessments of the 42 Western Building Systems schools were completed yesterday - with more than half needing some form of…
Ryanair is defending its second baggage allowance change in a year. Passengers now have to pay either 8 euro for their bag to be put in the hold, or pay 6 euro for priority boarding and take their bag on-board free of charge. The new rules were introduced…
Former President of Ireland, Ballina native, Mary Robinson has been appointed as the Chair of ‘The Elders’, an international organisation of public figures noted as elder states people, peace activists and human rights advocates. That’s according to today’s…
The new and long awaited sewerage scheme for Belmullet will be officially opened this morning at 11am in Belmullet by the Minister for Community and Rural Development Michael Ring, together with the Cathaoirleach of Mayo County Council Blackie Gavin. The…
Motorists in the Tubbercurry area are being advised of major traffic disruption this evening in the town centre. Emergency services are attending a two car collision outside St George's Church in the town. The incident occurred just before 5pm.Motorists are…
Celebrations are taking place this weekend to mark the 75th anniversary of the Castlebar Order of Malta. On Friday evening, Mayo County Council will extend a civic reception to the Castlebar Order of Malta, which was founded in 1943. On Saturday afternoon at…
A Mayo Senator says it is too little, too late to be drafting legislation in relation to vulture funds. Sinn Fein Senator Rose Conway-Walsh was reacting to a report from the Irish Farmers Journal this week that shows over 21,000 acres of farmland in Mayo is…
The contract for Ballyhaunis Post Office is currently being advertised. The contract is currently vacant and is being advertised on www.anpost.ie and will be advertised for the next three weeks or so. A spokesperson for An Post told Midwest News today that a…
Over 21,000 acres of farmland is controlled by vulture funds in Mayo according Irish Farmers Journal
Over 21,000 acres of farmland is controlled by so-called vulture funds in Mayo, totalling 19 parcels. That’s according to a report in this week’s Irish Farmers Journal. The report has found that every county in Ireland has farmland affected by a vulture fund…
Sligo University Hospital has the second highest number of patients on trolleys nationally today, according to the INMO. There are 28 patients waiting for a bed at the Sligo hospital - second only to 46 patients on trolleys at Limerick University Hospital. 8…
Mayo County Council have used Compulsory Purchase Orders just once over the past 7 years to buy up a derelict or vacant house. Local authorities have the power to take land or property by CPO if it's deemed to be "for the common good". Tens of thousands of…
A pilot project to co-ordinate supports for children who have been sexually abused is to open in Galway early next year. The Children's Minister Katherine Zappone, Health Minister Simon Harris and Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan announced the One House…
2018 has seen the worst October on record for hospital overcrowding, with 9,055 admitted patients forced to wait on trolleys and chairs for beds in hospitals right across the country. This is over twice (+124%) the numbers on trolleys when the INMO Trolley…
SUSI is warning that today is the final day for students to apply for a college grant. So far, the national student grant awarding authority has received almost 98 thousand applications. Those who have not started the process are advised to contact SUSI…
GMIT Mayo is opening its doors to the public on Tuesday next, 6 November (10am – 1pm) for an Open Morning for secondary school students, parents and anyone interested in starting or returning to third-level study as a mature student. As a special feature this…
The Connacht Angling Council is delighted with the news that a bye-law that protected pike in the great western lakes to the detriment of the wild brown trout is to be revoked. Minister Richard Bruton has now afforded special protection to wild brown trout…
A teenage girl reported missing from her home in Galway has been found safe and well. Gardai launched an appeal yesterday for information on the whereabouts of 16-year old Linda Mhelembe who had been missing since last Friday. Gardai have now confirmed that…
A family from Achill Island are the inaugural winners of the 2018 National Farming for Nature Award. The award was announced over the weekend, as part of the Burren Winterage School, and Martin Calvey and his family from Keel were chosen as the winners. Over…
Financial provision should be made for people living directly beside windfarms - such as the Oweninny wind farm in north Mayo. That's according to Mayo FG Senator Michelle Mulherin, who has raised the matter in the Seanad and with the new Minister responsible…
Over €105,000 refunded to Brothers of Charity service users in Roscommon who were wrongly charged for incontinence wear
More than €105,000 has been refunded after residential service users with intellectual disabilities in Co Roscommon were wrongly charged for the provision of incontinence wear. Details of the refund were included in a briefing by the HSE for the Dáil's…
Tributes have been paid to five Galway teenagers who rescued a man from the river Corrib during the Macnas parade in Galway on Sunday evening. 14-year old Seán Oliver and four of his teenage friends pulled the man from the fast flowing waters shortly after…
The Mental Health Commission has reported a number of improvements at Teach Aisling in Castlebar, following its latest inspection. Teach Aisling is a 10-bed approved HSE centre in Castlebar which provides long-stay care for residents with mental illness and…
The Department of Social Protection needs to considerably improve how it deals with customers, according to a Castlebar Councillor. Independent Councillor Michael Kilcoyne says he's received a number of queries from people who are experiencing delays in…
The Galway Educate Together school at Newcastle in Galway city is among dozens of schools across the country waiting to hear if any work is needed to make the buildings safe. Engineers and Department of Education officials are today reviewing structural…
Gardai are appealing for information on a teenager missing from Galway. 16-year old Linda Mhelembe is missing from her home in Galway since last Friday. She's described as 5 foot in height with black hair and brown eyes. Anyone with information on her…
A Halloween road safety message has been issued by AA Ireland, ahead of tomorrow's celebrations. Drivers are asked to reduce their speed tomorrow evening, particularly in built-up areas, and be on the lookout for children who could step onto the street…
No winner has yet come forward to claim the €4.5 million euro weekend Lotto jackpot. The lucky quick-pick ticket was sold on Thursday in Ryan's Daybreak & Post Office in the Co Galway village of Milltown. The winning numbers were 14,24,30,38,40,45 and bonus…
Mayo On Ice is set to return to the Mall in Castlebar this Christmas in a €300,000 investment. The event attracted over 25,000 customers last year and brought huge business to the town. Mayo On Ice will be officially launched on Friday November 30th and run…
“Save Rural Ireland Mayo” says they are seriously concerned that there are no successful applicants to take over the running of Ballycroy Post office. Spokesperson Gerry Loftus says what he initially feared is now coming true in that these new contracts were…
Irish Rail have confirmed to Midwest News that there was a delay on the Hesuton to Westport service this morning due to a mechanical issue which occurred at Roscommon. The 7.35am train to Westport was due to arrive at 10.55am but is now expected to arrive at…
Gardai are at the scene of a three vehicle collision this morning on the Westport to Castlebar road close to Westport. There are no indications yet if anyone has been injured in the incident but Gardai are at the scene. The road is not closed to traffic but…
Nearly one fifth of patients failed to show up for appointments at Mayo University Hospital last year
Nearly half a million people missed hospital outpatient appointments last year, that's around 1,300 people a day. The HSE figures released to the Irish Times shows that almost 20 percent were related to STIs and 18 percent were psychiatry appointments. Nearly…
A contractor has been appointed for the Tonragee Scheme in Achill for five new houses. This news has been welcomed by local Fianna Fail Councillor Paul McNamara who says more council housing sites should be looked at rural areas like Achill. Cllr. McNamara…
The number of job vacancies across the country has risen by 4% year-on-year. 23 of the 26 counties in the Republic experience growth in Quarter 3 of 2018, according to IrishJobs.ie's new report. The number of posts available in Waterford rose by 27%, Sligo…
Gardai have arrested a man in his fifties over a number of thefts in the Bonniconlon area. Gardai confirmed to Midwest news this morning that the alleged offences relate to the stealing of turf, tools and other items from sheds. The man was charged at Ballina…
Four motorists arrested by Gardai in Mayo over the Bank Holiday weekend in respect of drink driving offences
Four motorists were arrested by Gardaí in Mayo over the Bank Holiday weekend in respect of drink driving offences, according to the Connaught Telegraph. New laws came into force on Friday to impose an automatic driving disqualification on offenders. Up until…
The women who brought global attention to the Tuam Mother and Baby home will today receive an honorary patronage from the Trinity College Philosophical Society
The women who brought global attention to the Tuam Mother and Baby home will today receive an honorary patronage from the Trinity College Philosophical Society. Thusly been bestowed on John B Yeats, Oscar Wilde and Bram Stoker will now extend to Anna Corrigan…
Gardai in Salthill are investigating a serious road traffic collision that occurred on at Inverin on Sunday. The collision between a minibus and a 20-year-old male pedestrian occurred at approximately 11.05pm on Sunday night on the Inverin to Carroe road at…
€50,000 in funding has been allocated for the digitization of a unique archive based in the Gaeltacht area of north Mayo. The private, extensive collection of Pap Murphy and his wife Catherine, of Cartron, Clogher , Belmullet has received the funding from…
Survey launched in Castlebar this week shows that the West of Ireland is attracting highly-skilled professionals with the promise of a better quality of life
A survey launched in Castlebar this week shows that the West of Ireland is attracting highly-skilled professionals with the promise of a better quality of life, career opportunities and lower property prices. The Galway-Mayo Relocation Survey was carried out…
Michael D Higgins says he appreciates the significance of the honour placed on him by the people of Ireland
Michael D Higgins says he appreciates the significance of the honour placed on him by the people of Ireland. Elected to an historic second term with more than 820,000 votes - the writer, poet and academic spoke passionately at Dublin Castle last night, about…
Removal of the offence of Blasphemy from the constitution is another step in making it a 21st century republic according to Taoiseach
The removal of the offence of Blasphemy from the constitution is another step in making it fit for a 21st century republic. That's the view of Taoiseach who has welcomed the result of the referendum on the issue. 65 per cent of voters backed the moved with 35…
The winning ticket for last night’s Lotto draw was sold in Milltown. The winning ticket is worth almost €4.5m. The National Lottery confirmed that the shop that sold the golden Quick Pick ticket was Ryan’s Daybreak and Post Office in the small village of…
The majority of the counts are in in the Presidential election. Michael D Higgins will be comfortably re-elected as President. With the majority of centres reporting it's a clear victory for Michael D Higgins. He'll poll above 50 per cent and be elected on…
The results of the Mayo count in the Presidential election are in this evening. Total Poll was 42,027 and spoiled votes totalled 593The following is the result: Casey 12,850Duffy 937Freeman 2,663Gallagher 2,235 Higgins 20,642Ni Riada 2,107
A Mayo Senator says Sinn Fein absolutely made the right decision to run a candidate in the election. Erris based SF Senator Rose Conway-Walsh says there was a limited time for people to get to know the candidates properly and they were only getting to know…
The first cold snap of the season has arrived, with freezing temperatures expected. Frost and icy conditions are forecast for Sunday and Monday morning. Met Eireann is prediciting sub-zero temperatures, as well as the possibility of sleet and snow on higher…
The clocks go back an hour at 2am tomorrow (Sunday morning) - and it could be for the last time. A public consultation across the EU has found 84 percent of Europeans want to stop the bi-annual changes between winter and summer time. The Government has also…
Counting is underway in the Presidential election with a landslide victory for Michael D Higgins on the cards. He's likely to win another seven years in Áras an Uachtarain with Peter Casey looking like the runner up. With Dublin Central 50 per cent tallied…
Turnout is reported to be low in many areas of the country in the Presidential Election and the referendum on whether or not to remove the offence of blasphemy from the Constitution. Polling stations opened at 7am and will remain open until 10pm tonight. The…
Centenary Celebrations this weekend to mark the founding of St Joseph's Secondary School in Castlebar
It's a 100 years since the Sisters of Mercy founded St Joseph’s Secondary School in Castlebar. A weekend of celebration is organised this weekend to mark the occasion, with an open day in the school tomorrow (Sat) afternoon and the celebration of a Mass on…
Almost one million euro in funding has been announced this morning for local road improvements in county Mayo. Minister for Rural and Community Development Michael Ring has allocated 988,235 euro under the LIS scheme, in a second tranche of funding under the…
Farmers are being told to take extra precautions to make sure they're safe. The Health and Safety Authority says farms are still one of the most challenging and dangerous workplaces in the world. It's holding a national conference in Carlow later today to…
It's set to be very chilly this bank holiday weekend. Snow and hail is forecast with temperatures dropping to minus three overnight in places. Met Eireann says a dusting of snow is most likely on higher ground in Connaught and Ulster.
Voter turnout is predicted to be low at the polls today. The electorate has a choice of six candidates to choose from in the presidential election and polling stations are open until 10 o'clock tonight. The referendum commission is also encouraging everyone…
Castlebar branch of Heat Merchants to be officially opened by Minister Ring and former Taoiseach Enda Kenny today
The Minister for Rural and Community Affairs Michael Ring and former Taoiseaseach, Mayo deputy Enda Kenny will officially jointly open the new Castlebar branch of Heat Merchants at 12 noon today. The new facility is located in Castlebar Retail Park on the…
A wreath laying ceremony & civic reception is being accorded today by Ballina Municipal District to commemorate the 220th anniversary of the arrival of French General Humbert to County Mayo in 1798. ( Blian na bhFrancach – “The Year of the French” A wreath…
People going to the polls today to elect Ireland’s President and to decide whether or not to take the offense of blasphemy out of the constitution, do not require a polling card to vote.That’s according to Mayo County Registrar Fintan Murphy Polls opened at…
Anyone caught drink driving from midnight tonight will receive an automatic driving disqualification. Up until now, drivers caught with a blood alcohol concentration of between 50 and 80mg had a fine and penalty points imposed. The new provisions mean those…
A boil water notice for customers supplied by the Lough Talt Public Water Supply in Co Sligo and part of Co Mayo has been lifted after being in place for over eight months. The notice came into effect on 5th February, following the detection of…
Voting is underway since morning on the 12 islands off counties Mayo, Galway and Donegal in the Presidential election and blasphemy referedum. 200 people are eligible to vote on the three Mayo islands of Clare Island, Inisturk and Inisbiggle. Turnout is quite…
Midwest Radio continues to be the most successful local radio station in the country, according to the latest survey published today. The JNLR / MRBI radio listenership figures show Midwest Radio with a yesterday listened figure of 61% - the highest of any…
The Supreme Court has ordered the extradition to the UK of a Co Roscommon man in connection with a £5 million tax fraud. Thomas O’Connor of Cloughbeirne, The Walk, Roscommon - who opposed extradition on grounds including the impact of Brexit - is to report to…
One Galway school is among the list of 42 schools possibly affected by structural issues. The Galway Educate Together National School in Newcastle is included on the full list of schools constructed by Western Building Systems between 2003 and 2018, which…
Confidence and supply talks between Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil will begin this afternoon. The two parties will meet to discuss the deal that's keeping the government in place. Negotiating teams for Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil will sit down this afternoon to…
Around 200 voters will go to the polls today on the three Mayo islands. 115 people are eligible to vote on Clare Island, 50 on Inishturk and 20 on Inishbiggle. Voting is taking place on 11 islands in total today off the Mayo, Galway and Donegal coasts while…
Pressure building on Bon Secours Sisters to increase contribution towards cost of exhuming and identifying remains of children buried at Tuam mother and baby home
Pressure is building on the Bon Secours Sisters to increase its contribution towards the cost of exhuming and identifying the remains of children buried at the Tuam mother and baby home. According to today’s Irish Independent, company accounts reveal that the…
A man who was arrested in connection with a break-in to Kelly’s Kitchen in Newport earlier this month has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today. Westport Gardai arrested a man in his thirties in Tuam yesterday and he was detained, questioned…
Gardai have recovered all of the property stolen from a farming equipment premises in Co Roscommon earlier this week. In the early hours of Monday morning, a burglary took place at a premises at Ballydooley near Oran, and six quad bikes were taken, along with…
An extra €18 million euro is being allocated to local authorities to assist in repairing regional and local roads damaged by severe weather events. Transport Minister Shane Ross has announced an additional €18 million Special Maintenance Grant to assist local…
Residents of a private housing estate outside Swinford, just off the N5, are without public lighting in their estate for almost ten years now. The poles for lighting are in place, but residents are left in darkness as there is no connection to the supply. The…
Roscommon County Council has been fined and will appear on a list of tax defaulters in December. The local authority has apologised for becoming a defaulter, saying it was due to a systems error. The Roscommon Herald reports that the shock news emerged at…
A man has been arrested in connection with a break-in to Kelly’s Kitchen in Newport earlier this month. Westport gardai arrested a man in his thirties in Tuam yesterday (Tuesday) and he was detained, questioned and later charged in connection with the…
The National Museum of Country Life at Turlough, Castlebar is opening on Mondays from now on. From last Monday 22nd October, all four sites of the National Museum will open from 1-5 pm on Monday afternoons, which means the Museum will now be open 7 days per…
The latest DNA testing will be used to try to identify bodies buried at the site of the former Mother & Baby Home in Tuam. The Government yesterday confirmed that the area will be fully excavated, and a forensic examination will aim to identify the remains of…
A Mayo Fianna Fail TD is calling on the National Immunisation Advisory Committee to examine the possibility of extending the HPV vaccine to men and women up to the age of 45. The vaccine is currently available to teenage girls in their first year of secondary…
The site of the former mother and baby home in Tuam, Co Galway, is to be fully excavated and forensically examined. The government decided a full excavation was the best way forward at its cabinet meeting this morning. A forensic examination will aim to…
54 year-old Castlebar man who smashed holes with a hammer in a temporary portakbin at the entrance to a Garda station and the then flung the hammer at a Garda has today escaped a prison sentence
A 54-year-old man, who smashed holes with a hammer in a temporary portakabin at the entrance to a garda station and then flung the hammer at a garda as she fled the area, escaped a prison sentence when he appeared before Judge Rory MacCabe at the Circuit…
Today marks the tenth anniversary of the disappearance of Achill man JP Grealis in The Netherlands. JP moved to Holland in April 2007, and went missing in the Dutch town of Breda on October 23rd 2008 while looking for work. His sister Helen Grealis confirmed…
The Health Minister Simon Harris has confirmed that a proposal for a new Central Sterile Services Department at Roscommon Hospital has now been agreed between HSE Estates and the Saolta Hospital Group. Concerns have been raised recently about the future of…
The N60 road between Castlerea and Ballymoe reopens this morning, following major roadworks. The road, which forms part of the N60 from Mayo to Roscommon and onto Athlone, has been closed between Castlerea railway station and Ballymoe village for the past few…
After years insisting it would never happen, councillors in West Mayo yesterday voted to introduce on-street car parking charges in Westport The decision was carried by five votes to two. Former Westport town councillors Brendan Mulroy and Erris based Teresa…
An announcement expected today on whether the remains of hundreds of young children feared buried in a mass grave in Tuam will be exhumed
An announcement could be made today on whether the remains of hundreds of young children feared buried in a mass grave in Tuam will be exhumed. According to today’s Irish Independent, Children's Minister Katherine Zappone is expected to brief Cabinet members…
Foxford, Collooney and Tubbercurry among 38 towns nationally discharging raw sewage into the environment, according to EPA report
There are 38 towns and villages across the State discharging raw sewage into the environment, according to a new report from the Environmental Protection Agency. The agency also notes that there are 28 large towns and cities discharging inadequately treated…
Gardai in Roscommon are investigating a burglary in the early hours of this morning in which a number of vehicles were taken. A farming equipment premises near Oran was broken into - three Quad ATV vehicles and three Quad UTV vehicles were taken, along with a…
The walk-in x-ray service has now resumed at Roscommon County Hospital. The service has not been available for some time due to a malfunction of equipment, which meant many people were unable to have x-rays of the hip, spine, pelvis and abdomen carried out at…
More than 3,600 council houses are lying empty across the country in the midst of the housing crisis. A report from the National Oversight and Audit Commission, which oversees local authorities, says councils need to improve the time it takes to re-let a…
Two Mayo businesses were national winners at the Irish Auto Trade Awards 2019 in Citywest Hotel in Dublin at the weekend. Now in their 5th year, the awards are a celebration of excellence in the Irish auto trade in Ireland, a sector that accounts for over…
Audit, tax and advisory firm Mazars has officially opened its new Galway office and announced that it will create up to 30 new jobs over a three-year period, doubling the headcount of the office from 30 to 60. While 20 of the new positions will service its…
There is a public meeting tonight (Monday) in the Broadhaven Bay Hotel in Belmullet regarding the recent storm damage in Erris caused by Storm Callum. The meeting gets underway this evening at 7pm.
The Business watch app in the Castlebar area is advising of dud 20 and 50 euro counterfeit notes that are in circulation in the area. Members of Castlebar Business Watch highlighted the problem immediately on the app yesterday. Castlebar Business Watch is an…
49 year old Mayo man arrested in connection with the alleged rape of a 75 year old woman in Ennis on Thursday last
Gardai have arrested a 49-year old Co Mayo man in connection with the alleged day-time rape of a 75-year-old woman in Ennis last Thursday. According to the website thejournal.ie, its understood that the man lured the woman into his car under false pretences…
Residents of Ashbourne Grove, located on the Killala road in Ballina, are without any public lighting in their estate for the past 18 months. Local Fine Gael councillor John O’Hara raised the plight of the residents at the monthly meeting of Ballina Municipal…
Four days of Mayo Famine Commemorations came to an end in Ballina at the weekend with the unveiling of a statue to the c 137 Mayo girls sent to Australia from Ballina, Ballinrobe, Castlebar and Westport workhouses 1848-50 under the Early Grey scheme. The…
A new poll on the Presidential election shows Michael D Higgins with a clear lead heading into next week’s vote. The Behaviour and Attitudes survey for the Sunday Times puts the incumbent on 69 percent - a clear advantage over second placed Sean Gallagher on…
Resignation of Denis Naughten as Communications Minister hasn't hit Fine Gael badly according to poll
It looks like the resignation of Denis Naughton as Communications Minister hasn't hit Fine Gael badly. The party's still riding high in the latest Sunday Business Post/Red C poll and is unchanged on 33 per cent. Fianna Fail has seen a boost in support in the…
Mayo TDs to be part of Fianna Fail's team of negotiators to review Confidence and Supply agreement with Fine Gael
Fianna Fail's confirmed its team of negotiators to review the Confidence and Supply agreement with Fine Gael. It will be made up of the Party's Deputy Leader, Mayo TD Dara Calleary, Finance Spokesperson, Michael McGrath, Brexit Spokesperson and Mayo Deputy…
A Mayo Fianna Fail TD has highlighted a worrying increase in the number of people waiting for urology appointments in hospitals across the country. Fianna Fail Deputy Leader Dara Calleary says figures released to him show that there were almost 30,000 people…
Civil Defence volunteers are invited to attend a meeting in Claremorris next month, to have their say on the future direction of Civil Defence in Ireland. This is one of eight regional consultation meetings being held around the country. The Minister with…
One of the last big festivals of the year kicks off in Sligo next week - but you won't need your wellies. Nearly 300 performers will take to the stage in over 80 performances, over 6 days, and it's all indoors. Sligo Live this year celebrates 14 years of…
People buying Halloween items this weekend are being reminded to look out for particular labels and standards. Over 7 hundred Halloween products were seized last year for failing to meet EU safety standards. Under EU law, costumes, novelty lights and face…
Ballina Councillors called on Mayo County Council to ringfence €4m for repair of footpaths across the county from dividends payment due to the authority
Ballina Councillors have called on Mayo County Council to ring-fence 4 million euro for the repair of footpaths across the county, from a dividends payment due to the authority. Irish Public Bodies is paying dividends to local authorities nationally and the…
Gardaí investigating the sale and supply of controlled drugs in the Sligo/Leitrim area have seized Cannabis Herb with an estimated street value of €325,000. As part of a planned operation Gardaí from the Ballymote District assisted by the Divisional Drugs and…
Over €157,000 in funding has been announced to support the construction of a new clubhouse at Westport Tennis Club. This funding has been announced by Minister Michael Ring through the LEADER programme. Minister Ring says this is fantastic news for the town…
Irish Water, working in partnership with Mayo County Council, would like to remind customers supplied by the Ballycastle Public Water Supply that the Boil Water Notice that was issued on the supply on last Friday 12th October remains in place until further…
Fianna Fail is calling on the government to take action before waiting times in hospital emergency departments over the winter months spiral out of control. Department of Health figures released to the party show that almost ten thousand elderly people have…
130,000 euro has been allocated for road improvement works along a notoriously dangerous section of the Quay road in Ballina – the scene of numerous road collisions. The funding was confirmed to local Fianna Fail councillor Annie Mae Reape at the monthly…
The Minister for Rural and Community Development Michael Ring will perform the official opening of a new Famine Exhibition in Ballina tomorrow afternoon (Saturday) at 3pm in the Gallery Space of Ballina Civic Offices. The exhibition will then be open, free…
Drivers are being reminded to reduce their speed today or else face prosecution. 'National Slow Down Day' is underway until 7 tomorrow morning (Sat), with Gardai out in force in a bid to clamp down on those speeding. 157 people died on our country's roads…
12 roadside drug driving tests carried out in Mayo over past 18 months, almost 14,000 drink driving tests over the same period
12 roadside drug driving tests were carried out in Mayo over the past 18 months - compared to almost 14,000 thousand breath tests for alcohol over the same period. That's according to figures obtained by Independents 4 Change TD Tommy Broughan. The total…
The independent auditor reviewing the National Broadband Plan is to review new documents that have emerged from the Department of Communications. The papers reveal that former Communications Minister, Roscommon's Denis Naughten and his officials had two…
Extra speed checkpoints can be expected across the region tomorrow, as Gardai undertake another national Slow Down Day. The 24-hour road safety speed initiative gets underway at 7am tomorrow morning, and the objective is to reduce the number of speed-related…
The recipients of the 2018 Mayo People of the Year Awards were announced at a press conference at Breaffy House Hotel Castebar, last night. The event, now in its 26th year, is organised annually by Mayo RehabCare, Mayo County Council and The Connaught…
eir has announced the creation of 750 new jobs. The roles at the telecoms company will be based in Sligo, Cork and Limerick. The roles will be mainly in customer service and are part of eir's overall programme to bring all customer-facing functions back…
A planned search of a number of houses in the Attymass area on Tuesday last by gardai resulted in the seizure of illegal drugs with an estimated street value of 10,000 euro. Gardai in Ballina have confirmed that in the planned operation on Tuesday evening…
Cllr claims 93 year old woman in a wheelchair left with the bill despite being approved for house adaptation grant by MCC
Independent Ballina councillor Seamus Weir says he is aware of a distraught 93 years old woman in a wheelchair, who is being refused payment of the grant, after having the work completed. At yesterday’s monthly meeting of Ballina Municipal District Cllr Weir…
Shopping trolleys filled with wood and soaked in petrol and then lit are being pushed down streets in the residential housing area of Barnadearg in Ballina late at night by a small group of youths and they are terrifying many local residents. That was the…
Ryanair has announced a new twice-weekly service between Ireland West Airport Knock and Cologne in Germany. The service will operate from the 1st June next year to the end of August, with direct flights every Tuesday and Saturday. Cologne is Germany's fourth…
Sligo County Council is disputing aspects of a €5m legal costs bill being sought from the council by the owners of Lissadell, for their marathon legal action over public rights of way across the historic estate. The Irish Independent reports that the main…
Public meeting hears concerns over lack of community access to The Quay Community Centre in Westport
A large number of local residents attended a public meeting in Westport last night, amid concerns over community involvement in, and access to, the Quay Community Centre. Three years ago, the Community Centre's Voluntary management Committee was disbanded by…
Mayor of Galway calls on Peter Casey to withdraw from presidential contest following comments about Travellers
The Labour Party in Galway-West has called on Presidential candidate Peter Casey to withdraw from the race for the Áras, following comments he made in relation to the travelling community. Peter Casey said it's 'just wrong' that travellers are given special…
Gardai will conduct a national Slow Down Day on Friday, with motorists advised to adjust their speed to all prevailing road, traffic and weather conditions. The 24-hour road safety speed initiative gets underway at 7am Friday morning, and the objective is to…
Five Sligo-based Gardai are among those who will receive National Bravery Awards on Friday, for outstanding acts of courage. The awards will be presented by the Ceann Comhairle at Farmleigh House in Dublin's Phoenix Park, and 14 awards will be presented to 21…
A child who was hit in the face by a shower of broken glass during road collision has been awarded €37,500 damages in the Circuit Civil Court. The court heard Stella Danijelianc, whose mother lives at St Joseph's Terrace, Gallows Hill, Sligo, had been…
The Cathaoirleach of Roscommon County Council Ivan Connaughton has confirmed that he will not be running in next year's local elections. The Athleague-based councillor says he's making his intentions known now, ahead of the party's closing date for…
Ballyhaunis poultry plant included on EPA list of sites failing to meet necessary environmental standards
A Mayo poultry company is included in a list of 9 sites published by the Environmental Protection Agency, for failing to meet necessary environmental standards. The Western Brand Group, Ballyhaunis is on the EPA's latest National Priority Sites List for…
Doubling of betting tax will cost over 200 jobs in the West of Ireland, claims Irish Bookmakers Association
The Budget proposal to double the betting tax will cost over 200 jobs in the West of Ireland. That's according to a study by the Irish Bookmakers Association, which estimates that 17 bookmakers shops will close permanently in Galway, eight will close in…
Deputy says the tragic death of a man sleeping rough in Galway yesterday is the second such tragedy in the city in the past 10 months
The tragic death of a man on the grounds of Galway City Council is the second death of a homeless person in Galway city in the space of ten months and is a stark indictment of government policy, according to Galway West Independent deputy Catherine Connolly.…
Ashford Castle in Cong has been named the Best Hotel in the Country, at the 2018 National Hospitality Awards. The Mayo hotel claimed the honour in Dublin yesterday. Ballynahinch Castle Hotel in Connemara was named Best Destination Hotel, while also in Co…
The Dail will vote today to approve a cabinet re-shuffle by the Taoiseach. Richard Bruton will be confirmed as the new Minister for Communications, Climate Action and Environment following the resignation last week of Roscommon’s Denis Naughten from the…
10 new jobs have been created with the opening later this morning of the newly refurbished McDonald’s restaurant in Castlebar. Owned by local franchisee Rhoda Cramp, the restaurant has received a major €1.1 million digital makeover, complete with a range of…
As concerns grow about the condition of Croagh Patrick, trial pathwork has now commenced on the summit of the mountain. The work is being undertaken by Matt McConway, an experienced upland path contractor from Scotland, and involves path construction over a…
Almost half of people would prefer an extension to the confidence and supply agreement than a general election. An Irish Times/ IPSOS poll published this morning shows that 46% of people would rather try and make the current government work, while 44% would…
The Dail will vote today to approve a cabinet re-shuffle by the Taoiseach. Richard Bruton will be confirmed as the new Minister for Communications, Climate Action and Environment. Donegal's Joe McHugh will become the Minister for Education and Séan Kyne from…
Mayor of Galway calls on the Minister for Housing to visit Galway in the wake of the death of a man on the grounds of city hall
A scheduled meeting of Galway City Council was cancelled yesterday after the body of a man in his late 20s was found in bushes at the front of City Hall. The man was pronounced dead at the scene and his body was removed to University College Hospital shortly…
The Ballina woman who had been missing since last Thursday was located safe and well yesterday. Gardaí in Ballina have thanked the public for their assistance in tracing the whereabouts of 22-year-old Margaret Lawrence.
The N60 road from Castlerea train station to Ballymoe remains closed for another week, as work is continuing on a new overlay on that section of road. The works are due to be completed next weekend. However, Castlerea-based Fianna Fail Councillor Paschal…
The body of a young man has been discovered in Galway. The remains of the man in his late 20s were discovered at City Hall on the College Road at around 9:30 this morning. Gardai were called to the scene around mid-day when the discovery made in an area of…
The father of an Erris woman who won the Melbourne Women’s Marathon on Saturday says he and her family are very proud of her. Eddie Divers of Corclough West, Belmullet says they are all on cloud nine since the race, and are now looking forward to her taking…
Three businesses from Mayo have been shortlisted for this weekend’s [20th October] Irish Auto Trade Awards 2019 in Citywest Hotel in Dublin. Now in their 5th year, the awards are a celebration of excellence in the Irish auto trade in Ireland, a sector that…
University Hospital Galway is the most overcrowded in the country today with 50 patients on trolleys
429 patients are waiting for a bed at hospitals across the country. According to the INMO, 290 of those are waiting in emergency departments while 139 are in wards. The most overcrowded hospital is University Hospital Galway with 50 patients waiting for…
Just one in five rented accomodation units is meeting the required standards - with even lower figures in Mayo. The National Oversight and Audit Commission has revealed that, out of 16 thousand properties, 79 per cent failed inspections last year. Every…
Tuam historian Catherine Corless will be conferred with an honorary degree this afternoon at NUI Galway. Ms Corless, who campaigns on behalf of the survivors and the deceased of the former Tuam Mother & Baby Home, is one of four people receiving honorary…
There was traffic chaos earlier this morning on Clare Street in Ballyhaunis due to a national protest by farmers over factory beef Prices. The protest was organised by ICSA, and livestock lorries were backed up outside the gates of Dawn Meats in the town from…
Minister Kyne to talk to Shannon airport about using its facilities as a link base with Aran Islands
Shannon Airport may be used as a link base with the Aran Islands if efforts to resolve difficulties with the contract held by Aer Arann Islands fail. That’s according to today’s Irish Times. However, the Department of the Gaeltacht and Islands has offered to…
Gardai in Ballina are continuing to appeal for public assistance in tracing the whereabouts of 22-year-old Margaret Lawrence. Margaret was last seen on Thursday morning last, the 11th of October, in Ballina. She is described as being approximately 5’ 3’’…
Castlebar has retained its “Clean to European Norms” designation in the summer survey of litter levels by Irish Business Against Litter. The town is in 20th spot in the ranking of 40 towns and cities. Sligo town secured 8th place and is deemed Cleaner than…
Gardai in Ballina are appealing for the public’s assistance in tracing a woman who is missing from the area since Thursday. 22-year-old Margaret Lawrence was last seen on Thursday morning in the Ballina area. She was reported missing that night. Gardai say…
Need to establish Pain Clinic service at Mayo University Hospital highlighted in the Seanad this week
The need to establish a Pain Clinic service at Mayo University Hospital was highlighted in the Seanad this week. Currently, thousands of people across Co Mayo who suffer from chronic pain have to travel to hospitals in Galway or Sligo, and Mayo Fianna Fail…
Over 100 companies will be offering careers advice and job opportunities at IT Sligo's Careers Fair next Wednesday
Over 100 companies will be offering careers advice and job opportunities at IT Sligo’s Careers Fair next Wednesday the 17th of October. Abbott, AbbVie, Amazon and Ericsson are just some of the large multi-nationals in attendance. The event, which will run in…
New 80km per hour signage will be erected by next month on N58 Foxford to Ballyvary Road and along the N26 at Cloongullane Bridge
New 80km per hour signage will be erected by next month on the N58 Foxford to Ballyvary road and along the N26 at Cloonguillane bridge, despite the ongoing controversy about the reduction in the speed limit proposed by Transport Infrastructure Ireland (TII)…
Eir says it's resolved an internet outage that hit its service. Customers across the country were affected by the issue late yesterday evening. No details have been revealed of what caused it however, it's not believed to have been malicious. Eir has…
It's a numbers game as the Taoiseach's Cabinet reshuffle moves towards a Dail vote on Tuesday. Overnight, the Government got a boost, when Independent TD Noel Grealish confirmed he'd back the Government in key votes - until Brexit is sorted. The Government's…
Naming ceremony and dedication of new inshore lifeboat taking place today at ceremony at Ballyglass inshore lifeboat station
A naming ceremony and dedication of the new inshore lifeboat "Clann Lir" will take place at a ceremony at the Ballyglass inshore lifeboat station at 2pm this afternoon (Sat). The new D-class lifeboat went on service earlier this year, funded by a donation…
A Belmullet based Senator has called for emergency funding to be allocated to construct a new sea wall and breakers on the R313 Belmullet-Blacksod Road in the Muing area and back towards the town itself. The wall was badly damaged by sea water during Storm…
Galway TD Sean Canney promoted to Minister of State in changes announced in the wake of Denis Naughten's resignation
The Taoiseach has appointed Richard Bruton as Communications Minister to replace Denis Naughten who resigned on Thursday. A number of other ministerial appointments have been made as a result of the change. The new changes to cabinet announced by Leo Varadkar…
The ESB says power has been restored to all customers affected by Storm Callum. At the height of the storm up to 30 thousand customers lost service, predominantly in the southwest. The storm is still moving across the UK where 30 flood warnings remain in…
A man who died following a road collision in Strokestown on Thursday evening has been named. He was Paul O'Gara of Farnbeg, Strokestown. Mr O'Gara, who was in his 70's, died after a car collided with him on the N5 at Bridge Street in the town on Thursday…
The former Minister for Communications has disputed a claim made by the Taoiseach that he only told him about additional meetings with David McCourt yesterday morning. Denis Naughten stepped down from his role at the cabinet table yesterday after it was…
Ballinrobe chosen to take part in a new pilot programme aimed at encouraging more people to live in rural town centres
Ballinrobe is one of 6 rural towns nationally that have been chosen to take part in a new pilot programme - aimed at encouraging more people to live in rural town centres. Ballinrobe, Boyle, Banagher, Callan, Castleblaney and Cappoquin will each receive…
A boil water notice has been issued today for Ballycastle Public Water Supply. The HSE, Mayo county council and Irish Water issued the alert for the area supplied by the Ballycastle public water supply and the Corrower/ Sea Road Group water scheme and Lisbrin…
Belmullet is experiencing severe flooding today as Storm Callum continues. The orange weather alert has been extended to 5pm this evening for counties Mayo, Galway, Sligo, Donegal and Clare. Gardai in Belmullet say a number of roads in the Erris region which…
Gardaí are appealing for witnesses following a fatal road traffic collision in Strokestown, shortly before 8pm last night. The collision on the N5 at Bridge Street in the town involved a car and a pedestrian. The pedestrian, a man in his 70s, was pronounced…
The Minister for Communications has resigned his position. In a statement to the Dail this afternoon, Denis Naughten said the Taoiseach asked him to reflect on his position, and he felt Leo Varadker no longer had confidence in him. The Roscommon TD has been…
Crossmolina is on high alert ahead of the arrival of Storm Callum. While water levels in the River Deel have subsided in the last day or two, after reaching very high levels earlier this week, there are fears it will rise significantly again tonight.…
The National Emergency Coordination Group is meeting this afternoon to prepare for the arrival of Storm Callum. Gusts of up to 130 kilometres an hour are expected as the storm makes its way across the country later tonight. Met Éireann has issued a status…
E-commerce and technology leader Overstock.com, Inc. has announced plans to expand its European base in Sligo, creating 100 new research and development roles and more than tripling the office’s current headcount. The new full-time positions will include…
New N5 road that will connect Castlebar to Westport looks set to be open to traffic in about four years time
The new €270m euro N5 road that will connect Castlebar to Westport looks set to be open to traffic in about four years time. That’s according to Castlebar based Fine Gael Councillor Cyril Burke. The Councillor says Transport infrastructure Ireland (TII)…
A power cut is affecting around 74 homes and businesses in the Ballinrobe and surrounding areas this morning. According to ESB Powercheck around 74 customers are without power since around 10pm last night. The estimated restoration time is 1pm today.
Met Éireann has extended its 'Status Orange' weather warnings to 13 counties which include Sligo, Mayo and Galway. Winds of up to 130 kilometres per-hour are set to hit m Callum makes landfall at around 10 o'clock tonight. The weather forecaster's warning of…
SuperValu is warning people to be aware of a text message scam. The supermarket chain took to Twitter this afternoon to issue a warning over reports that a scam is doing the rounds. The test message claims to offer prizes from SuperValu which then asks you…
Minister Michael Ring is confident that the Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and the leader of Fianna Fail Micheal Martin will sit down and work out the continuation of the Confidence and supply agreement for the sake of Ireland. The Minister for Rural and Community…
Met Eireann has described Storm Callum as "a very serious weather event" which people should be prepared for. The forecaster has issued an orange weather warning for coastal counties from 10pm tomorrow until Friday morning. Mayo, Sligo, Donegal, Galway, Clare…
Two billion euro cost of a reduced VAT rate for the hospitality sector had to be addressed, according to Minister Ring
The restoration of the 13.5 percent VAT rate on hotels, restaurants and hairdressing was necessary in yesterday’s budget, according to the Minister for Rural and Community Affairs Michael Ring. Minister ring says the reduction of the VAT rate to 9 percent for…
A number of Mayo restaurants were among the winners last night at the Yes Chef Ireland Awards 2018. The awards were presented at a ceremony at the Radisson Blu Hotel in Sligo. The Hungry Monk in Cong was named Cafe of the Year for Connacht, and also took the…
Met Eireann has upgraded its wind warning to status orange for counties along the Western seaboard - including Mayo, Sligo, Donegal, Galway, Clare and Kerry - ahead of the arrival of Storm Callum. The warning is in place for all coastal counties from 10pm…
The increase in the VAT rate for the tourism and hospitality sectors from 9% to 13.5% is very disappointing, according to the Mayo branch of the Irish Hotels Federation. It's been described as a serious blow to the tourism industry, particularly in rural…
A yellow weather warning has been issued nationwide as high winds are set to batter the country over the coming days. A weather system, expected to be named Storm Callum, will hit Ireland tomorrow night. People have been urged to prepare for severe weather…
Mayo Co Co has confirmed that the R312 Belmullet to Castlebar road is open this morning but motorists are advised to drive with extreme care, as loose stone and debris have been washed onto the road following yesterday's flooding. Drivers are advised to use…
Mayo County Council has this evening issued a level 3 alert for flooding in Crossmolina, due to the current weather conditions and the high water levels in the River Deel. The local community has been notified, and the Crossmolina Fllod Action Plan is now in…
The Government has unveiled Budget 2019 with no real surprises in Paschal Donohoe's plan. More than 66 billion euro will be spent next year. 2.3 billion will be spent in 2019 on housing, including 1.25 billion to deliver 10,000 social homes next year. An…
There's good news in today's Budget for hundreds of householders in Co Mayo whose homes have been damaged by pyrite in the blockwork. The Government has signed off in principle on a grant aid scheme to assess and repair homes in Mayo affected by pyrite. An…
Mayo County Council has confirmed that the R312 road between Castlebar and Bangor remains closed, as sections of the road are still impassable due to flooding. Motorists should divert onto the N59 at Bangor for either Newport or Crossmolina direction. The…
The HSE is advising of an outbreak of Mumps in the Western Region. There's been an increase in the number of people aged 15-29 years old being diagnosed with mumps in the West, with 45 patients diagnosed in the past 7 weeks. Mumps is an acute viral illness…
Gardai in Belmullet are advising motorists travelling between Belmullet and Castlebar that there is extensive flooding on the R312 road at Keenagh, and that the road is impassable at the moment. Mayo county council is working on the problem. While, with waist…
Gardai in Belmullet are advising motorists that due to extensive flooding along the R312 Belmullet to Castlebar road at Keenagh the road is now impassable.Mayo County Council has been informed of the problem.
A yellow rainfall warning by Met Eireann for counties Mayo, Sligo and Donegal remains in place this morning. While a storm brewing in the Atlantic at present could hit the country with gusts of up to 150kmh later this week. A yellow rainfall warning for Mayo,…
The Minister for Rural and Community Development, Michael Ring has announced €300,000 in funding through the LEADER Programme for the construction of a new scout den in Castlebar. Minister Ring told Midwest News this morning that this is fantastic news for…
Emergency services are at the scene of a two vehicle collision on the N58 Castlebar side of Straide village. Gardai are at the scene and there is a stop/go system in place.
Met Eireann have issued a status Yellow Weather alert for rainfall for counties Mayo, Sligo and Donegal which will remain in place until 3pm tomorrow. Rainfall of between 25 and 50 mm is expected to fall. The rest of the week remains unsettled as very heavy…
Dead and live crawling insects, a rat coming out of a drain and no wash hand basin in a meat preparation area were some of the reasons that 8 food outlets were closed last month. Two of the outlets were in Dublin, two in Meath, and one in counties Galway,…
Councillor asks Mayo County Council to write to the Joint Policing Committee to put the issue of CCTV cameras in Ballyhaunis on its agenda
A Ballyhaunis based Cllr has asked Mayo County Council to write to the Joint Policing Committee to put the issue of CCTV cameras in Ballyhaunis on its agenda. Fine Gael Cllr John Cribben was responding to a number of break-ins in the Ballyhaunis area over the…
Connacht Rugby have announced a 30 million Euro redevelopment plan for the Sportsground The development will include a new stadium with a 12,000 spectator capacity, a new high-performance centre and will maintain the existing greyhound racing track. The…
Householders and businesses in parts of Swinford are without a water supply this morning. Midwest News contacted Irish Water to ask what was causing the disruption to the supply. In a statement Irish Water says, working in partnership with Mayo County…
Meeting Sought as Ballina Chamber of Commerce insist TII must reverse decision to reduce local speed limits
Members of the business community in Ballina are seeking a meeting with local elected councillors to outline their frustration with elected councillors’ failure to listen and take on the concerns of businesses in the town, as a new speed limit of 80km per…
Gardai are investigating a break-in to a restaurant in Newport over the weekend. In the early hours of yesterday, Sunday morning, the front door of Kelly’s Kitchen on the town’s Main Street was kicked in and the contents of the till float was taken. The…
Ballyglass RNLI assisted in a rescue yesterday afternoon after a cruiser with three people on board got into difficulty off the north Mayo coast
Ballyglass RNLI assisted in a rescue yesterday afternoon after a cruiser with 3 people on board got into difficulty off the north Mayo coast. The lifeboat was launched just before 1pm yesterday to assist those on board a 28 foot cruiser. There was a problem…
People should look at alternative budget proposed by Sinn Fein and judge it on its own merits according to Mayo Senator
People should take a look at the alternative budget proposed by Sinn Fein and judge it on its own merits. That’s according to Mayo Sinn Fein Senator Rose Conway-Walsh. She says that despite criticism from Government, this is a fully costed budget that the…
There are no plans at all by the HSE West to expand the opening times of the new Primary Care Centre based out in Moneen , Castlebar. That was confirmed to the Cathaoirleach of Castlebar Municipal District Michael Kilcoyne by HSE management at the monthly HSE…
A Claremorris Municipal District Councillor has proposed that if Mayo County Council is intending to carry out substantial road works programmes, then detour routes should be upgraded to a suitable standard prior to works beginning and adequate signage put in…
A roundabout needs to be put in place on the N5 outside Swinford at the junction with the N26 - that's according to Swinford-based Fianna Fail Councillor Michael Smyth who's concerned about the increased number of collisions at this junction, known locally as…
Castlebar Tidy Towns has contacted all the Presidential Election candidates to advise them of a poll which indicated that 92% of respondents don’t want posters erected in the town. In an update on their social media yesterday, they said they had received a…
A Mayo man won Gold for a radio documentary on Frank Stagg at last night’s IMRO Radio Awards in Kilkenny. Liamy MacNally from Westport told Gold in the Documentary/Feature category for his production – Frank Stagg’s Three Funerals. Frank Stagg was a…
Funding of over €9,000 has been granted to the North Mayo Youth Project in Ballina. The news of the funding has been welcomed by local Fine Gael Senator Michelle Mulherin, who says the allocation will come from the Department of Children and Youth Affairs.…
Mayo TD expresses concern about new proposals from NTA to privatise another 10% of Bus Eireann routes from 2021
A Mayo Fianna Fail TD has expressed concern about new proposals from the National Transport Authority to privatise another 10% of Bus Eireann routes from 2021. She’s warning that measures must be put in place to ensure a continuity of service for rural…
Almost €1.2 million has been allocated for 11 rural towns and villages in Co Mayo, under the Town & Village Renewal Scheme. The Minister for Rural & Community Development Michael Ring says the benefit of previous funding under this scheme is being felt in…
€1.7m in funding has been allocated for an extension at St Tiernan’s College in Crossmolina. The funding will be used to construct 5 classrooms at the school. The classrooms will replace a number of prefab buildings that are in the school at present. The…
Irish Rail is banning people from drinking alcohol on some of its routes from next week. The ban will come into effect from Friday October 12th, and will be enforced every Friday, following regular reports of anti-social behaviour. It will affect the Heuston…
Castlebar Councillors give TII a month to come up with proposals to reduce speed limit at Breaffy or a protest will take place on the road
Castlebar Municipal District Councillors yesterday requested that Transport Infrastructure Ireland come back to them with a proposal to reduce the speed limit at Breaffy within a month or a protest will be held on that stretch of road. A number of road…
Nine months after official opening, new IDA technology park at Breaffy Road in Castlebar is still lying idle
Nine months after the official opening, the new IDA technology park at the Breaffy Road in Castlebar is still lying idle, and the Jobs Minister has failed to give details of how many interested parties have visited the new facility. That's according to Mayo…
Women treated for micro-invasive cancer in HSE facilities but were never told they had the condition
It's reported that a number of women were treated for micro-invasive cancer in HSE facilities, but were never told they had the condition. This is a cancer that has not yet spread locally and rarely develops into invasive cancer. A report from the Irish…
General Studies can be one of most scoring and marks gaining section in the SSC exam. This section doesn’t require any calculations and is thus the least time-consuming section, unlike other sections. You can attempt this section very quickly and accurately. General Studies basically judge your basic general knowledge and how you are getting yourself updated time to time. It plays a vital role and benefits you to achieving the score required to cross the total cut off marks. So, Mahendra Guru is providing you with an important General Studies quiz for SSC exam, it will help you to score if you regularly follow the content of our website. We also provide you General Studies Quiz for SSC examination based on the latest pattern so, that you can practice on regular basis.
It will definitely help you to score good marks in the exam. It is the most important section for all the govt exam Insurance,SSC-MTS, CGL, CHSL, State Level and other Competitive exams.
Maidenhead U14 Boys won a closely thought match against Ashford on Sunday in far sunnier, if cold, conditions to their last match.
Bringing Freddie back into goal allowed Zac to lead the defence alongside Cleve, Declan and a fast improving Morgan (Year 6).
Early attacks from Ashford were expertly intercepted and closed down building confidence for the rest of the team.
The centre midfield of Marc and Ollie demonstrated great skills against their opposite numbers and gradually began to slot long passes through to Luke and James, causing havoc with the Ashford defence by playing most of the game almost in their D.
And if turnovers happened Edward and Max in the midfield hassled the opposition and frequently won the ball back for another wave forwards.
One of these attacks led to a free hit outside the Ashford D which Ollie self passed and finding an open path forwards dragged the ball around despairing tackles and finally through the keepers legs for 1-0.
Second 20 mins Ashford responded with stronger attacks leading to an even more open end to end game. Learning from the first period the striker team of James and Luke starting laying the ball back allowing Marc and Ollie to build pressure leading to a number of short corners.
Marc now operating as short corner receiver dragged one hit out onto his dangerous back stick and smashed a near "tomahawk" into the Ashford goal for 2-0.
Ashford responded strongly forcing the defence and Freddie into action. Saving a number of shots, and defence clearing many goal mouth scrambles was not enough as short corners began to be conceded. One particularly slick routine passed around the defence to slot home for 2-1.
Final 20 mins and Maidenhead's team took the attack back to Ashford. Winning a short corner the Ollie injection, and pass back from Marc, was slotted home to make 3-1. Ashford responded in kind with a goal mouth scramble making 3-2 and a tense last 5 mins.
Repeated short corners were repulsed and much relief at the final whistle to secure our first league win.
This website is part of the Pitchero Hockey network. Create your own free Hockey club website with Pitchero.
This browser doesn't support Spotify Web Player. Switch browsers or download Spotify for your desktop.
This dataset includes over 1.46 million corporate entities (businesses, local companies, foreign companies, limited liability partnerships and public accounting firms) registered with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA), Government of Singapore. Each entity registration contains entity name, unique entity number (UEN), location, status and creation date.
CNQC REALTY (TREASURE) INVESTMENT PTE. LTD.	 Paya Lebar Road, Singapore 409051 2018-06-18 Registered
2016-04-06 Mrs Charlotte Mary Ann Bell controls SUCCEED WEALTH MANAGEMENT LIMITED (United Kingdom, 17 Oct 2006- ) Share Ownership details
2017-08-18 Give notice of individual person with significant control Notification of Adrian Bell as a person with significant control on 2017-08-18 details
2017-08-18 Give notice ceasing to be an individual person with significant control Cessation of Adrian Bell as a person with significant control on 2017-08-18 details
2017-08-18 Give notice of individual person with significant control Notification of Charlotte Mary Ann Bell as a person with significant control on 2017-08-18 details
2017-03-02 Amended Accounts Amended total exemption small company accounts made up to 2015-12-31 details
2016-06-15 Appointment of director Appointment of Mr Barra Gorman as a director on 2016-06-07 details
2014-10-13 Termination of appointment of director Termination of appointment of Charlotte Mary Ann Bell as a director on 2014-10-13 details
* While we strive to keep this information correct and up-to-date, it is not the primary source, and the company registry (see source, above) should always be referred to for definitive information
Het Open Fanfare Orkest is gevraagd om mee te werken aan het Fanfare Repertoire Festival dat op 15 en 16 december in het Akoesticum in Ede wordt georganiseerd. Op zaterdag…
In Reply to: Wisconsin talk radio stations list posted by Santa Baby on December 03, 2014 at 14:29:18:
Most of the Talk stations are conservative. Some are public radio, Very few are liberal, and even fewer are straight news.
Check out http://radio-locator.com for lists of News/Talk stations by city and you can look at the websites for each station from there.
Current time: 11-15-2018, 12:30 AM Powered By MyBB, © 2002-2018 MyBB Group. Theme created by Justin S.
It has been noted that the recent Northern Lights photos published by the Daily Mail have spurred an increase in Northern Lights self drive tours in Iceland. The UK newspaper, Daily Mail, recently published online a selection of stunning photos of the Northern Lights over the Holuhraun lava field, whilst photographer Stefan Brenner was visiting…
Spend an incredible Christmas and New Year’s Eve in Reykjavik – a city known for its friendly atmosphere and joyous festivities – with Reykjavik Excursions’ Iceland tours. Leading tour provider Reykjavik Excursions is offering two tours to discover the country’s culture traditions and celebrations during this festive time of year. The first tour, the Reykjavík…
Christmas traditions in Iceland are one-of-a-kind, with several customs unique to the country. Reykjavik Excursions is giving those who want to find out more with a cultural walking tour. From history, art and culture to cuisine, Reykjavik Excursions’ Reykjavík Christmas Walk offers visitors everything to discover the country’s Christmas traditions for themselves.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 June 2017 March 2017 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 November 2006
Throwing sandwiches may sound like an odd thing to do, but not in Sweden. Over there, “kasta macka” or “throw a sandwich” is what Swedes call skipping stones on water. The many benefits and wonders of outdoor Sweden Recently, Mr. Stefan Löfven, the prime minister of Sweden was asked to list his top 5 things…
Media consumption in Sweden is increasingly characterized by online streaming services such as Spotify and Netflix. Three out of four 15-74-year-olds now use online streaming services to listen to music or watch video. Youtube, Spotify and Netflix are the most popular online streaming services used. Youtube is free of charge, whereas Spotify is offered both…
Insight Asia Travel would like to introduce its live chat installed on its website. Customers now can easily find this live chat application at the bottom of the website on the right hand. Customers can use Video Chat to send real-time video and audio, Screen Share any screen or application, easily share texts and files…
Are you looking for a new RC hobby? RC hobbies can definitely bring hours of enjoyment whichever remote control hobby you choose for yourself. Rcmoment contains brief information and makes some suggestions for you to began in the right way. Since it’s a RC online…
Ranking Solutions welcomes you to another excited article relating rc hobbies. In this article we will dicuss and share about the practical tips and ultimate guideline for RC boat users. Become a professional in RC Boats Toys and get better understanding about this awesome hobby….
Jennifer Brown Banks shares her insight in this savvy and savory guest post. When you're finished reading, join Jennifer and me for some virtual pie, okay? :)
When most of us think about education to improve our craft as writers, that automatically translates into books and online courses designed to improve our communication skills, and teach us literary techniques to help construct better stories.
But, as a big fan of cooking shows and competitions, I can attest that these culinary programs can provide a smorgasbord of valuable lessons that will enable today’s writers to become more strategic, resourceful, creative and results-oriented.
Accordingly, here are a few cooking-related practices and principles you’ll want to incorporate in your writing career for hotter results!
For cooks and aspiring chefs, this includes having a well-organized, well-stocked kitchen area, washing meats and vegetables that go into the meals beforehand, and reading product directions. For writers, this could consist of drafting an outline, composing a query letter, mental focus, or reading a publication’s submission guidelines before sending work.
No matter how skilled, when cooking competition contestants are not organized, or fail to plan ahead, they waste valuable time, become frazzled, and perform poorly due to excessive stress. And you know what they say about “If you can’t stand the heat in the kitchen…“ The same holds true for writers. Particularly those who operate with half-baked ideas, lack a business plan, or expect success without first formulating clear short and long-term goals. They become starving artists and quit before ever reaching their full potential. Don’t let it be you.
Most of the individuals that emerge as winners with these competitions, I’ve found, are those who take their mother or grandma’s recipes and tweak them to perfection. They’re not afraid to experiment (and temporarily fail) in order to arrive at just the right combination, to yield a “killer” recipe and distinguish themselves from the wannabes.
Be inspired by others, but don’t copy. Study the prominent writers in your chosen genre. What are their strengths? Their techniques? Their draw? Apply, but modify.
My weekly line-up of cooking shows includes every race, ethnicity, gender, and even food type for a well-rounded experience. I dig Ming Tsai for Asian cuisine, Lidia for Italian cooking, Patti’s Mexican table, Barbeque University, Chef Jeff for a little soul, and Michael Smith for American grub. They’re all different. But, you know what they collectively have in common? They all concentrate on one particular area of food preparation in establishing their expertise. Don’t get me wrong: I’ve seen them give their interpretation of other dishes outside of their wheelhouse. Some can even whip up some mean and decadent desserts! But basically, they have a laser-like focus on one type of food style.
Pick a creative passion. Hone it. Own it. There’s great validity to the expression, “Jack of all trades and master of none.”
When all is said and done, proper execution is the yardstick by which all other efforts will be measured and judged. Contestants who have been strategic, smart, attentive, and have cultivated well-developed palates in the process, are able to prepare and beautifully plate meals that appeal to the judges; meeting the requirements for successful advancement to heading or owning their own restaurants.
Execute by sending your best work out. Let it simmer before serving. Pay attention to the advice and input of editors, reviewers, readers and publishers. Yet, recognize that everything that you create will not suit everyone’s taste.
By following these timely tips, you’ll become a more well-rounded, hearty writer who’s really cooking!
Jennifer Brown Banks is an award-winning blogger, ghost writer and columnist. If you’d like more tips and tools to hone your craft and increase your cash, visit Jennifer’s award-winning site at Pen and Prosper.
Hi Karen - Jennifer seems to have it all down to a T ... good blogging and tempting us with practising lots of recipes to keep our food sharp!! Cheers Hilary
I've never seen an analogy between writing and cooking before. Enjoyed Jennifer's post. She's making me want to watch some cooking shows.
Glad to bring inspiration here! You'll find many more analogies and parallels at my blog. I hope you'll hop over...
She does, doesn't she? Jennifer always brings good insight and advice. So glad you came to see us! :)
It's a great angle, isn't it? Jennifer offers good, thought provoking ideas. As for watching cooking shows, I agree. Wanting to tune in now! :)
Jennifer is always cooking something up. Her writing resonates and it is obvious she has the recipes for success. Thanks for sharing Karen and Jen.
Hi Jennifer and Karen! Love that advice of 'simmer before serving'. And edit, edit, edit. I had a short essay accepted by a magazine, and when I saw it I was so embarrassed! I would have edited it again for sure. Should have simmered it!
I love the show 'Project Runway'. I have no idea how these artists get inspired by the craziest things, but they do. I think writers are the same way. You have cooking, I have sewing, and it all feeds our creative spirits.
This made me want to grab a snack. The cooking shows inspired Jennifer and she inspired me. :-) And you always inspire me, amigo. Edit, edit, edit. *sigh* I get that. :-) Thanks to both of you.
I'm glad you were able to stop and meet Jennifer! Oh my - the editing thing - have had it happen to me too. A bit of a wake up call for sure. :)
You said it, this is true! I think RI qualifies as a cooking show; they do actually cook, so there you go! :)
Well, I'm thinking we just need to get together for some pie or other tasty treat, don't you think? We can meet halfway around about the mountains in TN. You up for it? :) xo
Great analogy, Jennifer! Lidia is one of my favorites as well. I also enjoy Cook's Country and their Test Kitchen.
Being prepared is essential for writing and life in general. Hmm, I'd better jot down some notes for my author event in November. I may be a SOTP writer, but I'm not so sure I'm also a SOTP speaker. :)
I'm a fan of C.C., too! I dig that they also give the historical background of some of their recipes and ingredients. Thanks for stopping by.
Excellent post! I definitely think we need the preparation, the tweaking/applying, and the simmering. However, I feel pretty strongly about writing in at least three different genres - speculative fiction, and writing help/curriculum non-fiction, and then . . . some historical stuff that I haven't sent anywhere yet. I've seen authors who grow perfect at one genre and then go stale - of course, this is after they have 30 or so books out there, and I'm not anywhere near there yet so I should probably slow down on diversifying.
Hi Karen and Jennifer! I loved this post. Great analogy but have to admit, I never thought of this analogy before.
Glad you stopped by. Thought this might interest you since you've authored several cookbooks. :) I agree, it is a fun analogy!
I am pretty sure we are all invited to Jennifer's for dinner tonight. If not, we can surprise her. Appreciate you coming to see us! )
Glad you liked it! You bring up an interesting point. You are a great example in this respect - you crank out those words like crazy! :
Hi back! So glad you liked the post. :) I'd not thought much about it either. Jennifer enlightens in such a wonderful way.
I've met people who are master of none. It's so important to focus on something and give it one's all.
I enjoy watching cooking shows and it was fun to see the comparison to writing. Well done, Jennifer! Such an interesting post. :) Thanks for sharing.
I am a freelance writer and editor, an online writing instructor, and the author of Write for Life and Homeschool Co-ops 101. My current WIP is a series of writing lessons for teens. I am a follower of Christ and am happily married to Jeff. We have two sons, a daughter, a daughter-in-law, and two grandsons. I like to read, write, walk, and spend time with family. My posts appear on Mondays, but I often post a random thought or notice in between. Thanks for coming by!
All text on this blog, except quotations and cited works are copyrighted by Karen Lange. No text, art, or photography may be used without prior permission.
Please note: this site uses cookies. Your name and email address are the only personal data collected if you subscribe to Write Now’s posts. You are free to unsubscribe at any time.
Name and email address are also collected if you enter a giveaway on Write Now. They are discarded when the giveaway ends. Personal data is not sold to others. It is not shared, except when an author or I fulfill a giveaway item. Info is then deleted when item is sent.
Several years ago, I read Driven: An Autobiography. It was the story of Larry Miller, the businessman behind the car dealerships, movie theaters, and the Utah Jazz. It was fascinating and I recommended it to so many people. When I heard about this new book about Miller, I knew I wanted to read it. I hoped I'd enjoy it as much as I had Driven, and it didn't disappoint.
Behind The Drive is divided into ninety-nine short (most are three pages), first-hand stories of the men and women who knew Larry Miller. They range from former Jazz players, business associates, childhood friends, people who Larry and his wife helped, family members and more. The stories shed light the complicated, interesting man who died too young. They tell of his competitiveness, his work ethic, his fiery temper, his athletic ability (he played professional softball), his unusual management style, his integrity, and his generosity. I read many of the stories aloud to my husband or family. There is not only a lot to be admired from the experiences shared, there is also a lot to learn. For anyone who loves Salt Lake City (me), loves the Utah Jazz (me), has managed their own business (me), or loves hearing stories of flawed people who do great things (I'd like to think someday that will be me), this is a wonderful book to read. Read it in small doses or read it as you would a novel. Either way, I can just about guarantee, you'll find things that make you laugh and inspire you.
Bryan Bowers developed his own unique way of playing the autoharp, with all five fingers of his playing hand in action on their own like those of a piano player. He's regarded by many as the greatest living player of the instrument.
Raj Praveen has served an assorted sweet box for the audience. The producer Mahadevu of Mysuru is also from the Sweets manufacturing field is additional bonus. The first half is Badushah and second half is pure ghee Mysuru Pak. At places director serves the mouth watering fried cashew. That is the selection of actors. On the music front the beginner Vikram Subramanya has lived up to the expectations. The photography of Manu BK especially in the dark lighting is a treat to watch.
What you need for a commercial entertainer the director and his team has served it well over all. It is a Paisa Vasool film. Like how the sweets are liked you can pick this film ‘Kattu Kathe’ for watching.
All audience calculations go wrong when the hunt begins for the real culprits of three murders in this film. Abbabba…Enen Kathe Kathare in the second half you would say when you come out from the theatre.
Another talented director is born in Kannada filmdom. That is Raj Praveen of ‘Kattu Kathe’. He has shown signs of bright future for him from this taut thriller. He is impeccable in the second half and in the first half he needed some guts for the screenplay to make it more captivating.
Without leaving the clue of the culprits if you look at the script of this film in a nut shell - there are three girls, two boys, one care taker, security guard, and maid servant in a bungalow. Actually the needle of suspicion falls on all the inmates of the house when the first wicket falls. When one more wicket falls in this vicinity, the six months old murder is also revealed. The killers have been very efficient and not given clue so easily. Remaining of the investigation of police you better watch it on silver screen.
Rajesh Nataranga takes the cream of acting. He is tough and terrific in his role as cop. Soorya and Swathi Konde have nothing much to boast. Mithra, Kempe Gowda and other supporting actors have given good support.
Unknown faces selection by the director is what gets him the additional marks and keeps the audience in the edge of their seats.
This is a film worth watching. You take a bet that you would identify the culprit, you will miss it. Don’t miss to watch this film.
drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more short description about drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more Not available | drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more is pdf file PDF file
drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more short description about drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more Not available | drawing books for kids how to draw buildings and other structures a step by step guide for drawing castles cathedrals skyscrapers bridges and more is doc file DOC file
overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work short description about overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work Not available | overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work is pdf file PDF file
overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work short description about overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work Not available | overcoming your eating disorder workbook a cognitive behavioral therapy approach for bulimia nervosa and binge eating disorder treatments that work is doc file DOC file
new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo short description about new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo Not available | new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo is pdf file PDF file
new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo short description about new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo Not available | new subways a business solution an analysis showing that five cents covers the actual and necessary cost of carrying a passenger on new and system c by jo is doc file DOC file
acting for film short description about acting for film Not available | acting for film is pdf file PDF file
acting for film short description about acting for film Not available | acting for film is doc file DOC file
down and dirty short description about down and dirty Not available | down and dirty is pdf file PDF file
down and dirty short description about down and dirty Not available | down and dirty is doc file DOC file
cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover short description about cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover Not available | cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover is pdf file PDF file
cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover short description about cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover Not available | cell culture models of biological barriers in vitro test systems for drug absorption and delivery 1st edition by lehr claus michael published by crc press hardcover is doc file DOC file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback is pdf file PDF file
archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback short description about archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback Not available | archaeological surveying and mapping recording and depicting the landscape new edition by howard philip 2006 paperback is doc file DOC file
revolution from within a book of self esteem short description about revolution from within a book of self esteem Not available | revolution from within a book of self esteem is pdf file PDF file
revolution from within a book of self esteem short description about revolution from within a book of self esteem Not available | revolution from within a book of self esteem is doc file DOC file
playing well with others short description about playing well with others Not available | playing well with others is pdf file PDF file
playing well with others short description about playing well with others Not available | playing well with others is doc file DOC file
remote sensing and gis in ecosystem management short description about remote sensing and gis in ecosystem management Not available | remote sensing and gis in ecosystem management is doc file DOC file
film technique and film acting short description about film technique and film acting Not available | film technique and film acting is pdf file PDF file
film technique and film acting short description about film technique and film acting Not available | film technique and film acting is doc file DOC file
smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 short description about smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 Not available | smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 is pdf file PDF file
smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 short description about smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 Not available | smart girls do dumbbells develop the leanest healthiest sexiest body youve ever had in 30 minutes 30 days 30 ways of sherman wolin judith on 01 march 2004 is doc file DOC file
issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition short description about issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition Not available | issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition is pdf file PDF file
issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition short description about issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition Not available | issues for debate in american public policy selections from cq researcher 8th edition is doc file DOC file
pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses is pdf file PDF file
pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses short description about pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses Not available | pollution prevention opportunity assessments a handbook for businesses is doc file DOC file
fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science short description about fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science Not available | fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science is pdf file PDF file
fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science short description about fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science Not available | fundamentals of codes graphs and iterative decoding the springer international series in engineering and computer science is doc file DOC file
little adventures in oz book 2 short description about little adventures in oz book 2 Not available | little adventures in oz book 2 is pdf file PDF file
little adventures in oz book 2 short description about little adventures in oz book 2 Not available | little adventures in oz book 2 is doc file DOC file
the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel short description about the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel Not available | the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel is pdf file PDF file
the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel short description about the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel Not available | the wonderful wizard of oz graphic novel is doc file DOC file
filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series short description about filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series Not available | filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series is pdf file PDF file
filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series short description about filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series Not available | filthy rich part 2 filthy rich series is doc file DOC file
prentice hall health skills for wellness short description about prentice hall health skills for wellness Not available | prentice hall health skills for wellness is pdf file PDF file
prentice hall health skills for wellness short description about prentice hall health skills for wellness Not available | prentice hall health skills for wellness is doc file DOC file
on the road with janis joplin short description about on the road with janis joplin Not available | on the road with janis joplin is pdf file PDF file
on the road with janis joplin short description about on the road with janis joplin Not available | on the road with janis joplin is doc file DOC file
future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education short description about future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education Not available | future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education is pdf file PDF file
future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education short description about future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education Not available | future of the american public research university global perspectives on higher education is doc file DOC file
fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition short description about fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition Not available | fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition is pdf file PDF file
fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition short description about fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition Not available | fundamentals of psychology in context 3rd edition is doc file DOC file
israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition short description about israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition Not available | israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition is pdf file PDF file
israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition short description about israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition Not available | israel and the palestinian nightmare 3rd edition is doc file DOC file
international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives short description about international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives Not available | international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives is pdf file PDF file
international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives short description about international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives Not available | international students negotiating higher education critical perspectives is doc file DOC file
shadows and lies short description about shadows and lies Not available | shadows and lies is pdf file PDF file
shadows and lies short description about shadows and lies Not available | shadows and lies is doc file DOC file
Are you planning on having some friends over for the game? Make sure you’re serving the best football snacks in the neighborhood with these recipes.
Buffalo Wings: Wings are a time-honored tradition of sporting events, and Buffalo flavor is a classic.
Beer Cheese Veggie Tray: Sneak in some “healthy” options by dipping them in this delicious beer cheese.
Homemade Onion Rings: Simple but delicious, onion rings are a sports bar staple and you can make them at home.
Hummus and Pita Bread: Made with roasted bell peppers, this dish adds some Mediterranean flair to your event.
The best football snacks are made at home, so check out these awesome recipes for more information – hand-picked by us here at Blackburn Nissan. Try some of them for your next watching party!
Brooklyn, NY, based independent artist Ray has just released his latest single and video, 'Say Something'. The new song follows his recent singles 'Used To', 'To That Girl Out There' and 'If Genesis Was The Intro' taken from his…
what is high ticket affiliate marketing definition amazon affiliate marketing + seo 250+ videos 18.0 hours download | examples of good affiliate marketing sites using pinterest for affiliate marketing
The saturation level of online content has been a hot topic over the past few years, especially in relation to social media algorithms, active users and industry strategies. Year after year, we’ve watched the social media space grow as people join new online communities where they share increasing amounts of content, showcasing even more of their personal lives publicly online.
I love my husband, so I married him. I love kids, so I had 2 of them. I love friends, so I made a whole mess of great ones. I love my family, so we grow closer everyday!
Ty never takes any vacation time and he accrues a ton of it. This year with his cash out, I came across an espresso stand that was for sale. The same one I go to every single day and know the employees and completely love. So we bought it. It has been awesome and stressful and exciting and scary, but I have loved every second.
When I bought it, it was called The Green Submarine. I really didn't like the name and I REALLY didn't like the color. So I negotiated for us to paint before I even took it over. I didn't want to open up my first day and have it that awful color.
HOLY COW!!! That is freaking awesome! I would love to do something fun and spontaneous like that. I am sure you put a lot of thought into it. I love the new look and I wish you GREAT success...if anything, A LOT of FUN! hehe Merry Xmas...thanks so much for the cute Christmas card!
Misty, it has been so much fun catching up on your blog - I've loved reading about your holidays and seeing all the pics! It looks like all of you had a wonderful time - yay! But I just *had* to comment on this post because how freaking COOL are you guys to purchase this place! And it looks like you're already off to a great start - wow! I am so excited for you! Best wishes and please post updates often!
These are just a sample of the hundreds of neat t-shirts available at the NeatoShop! Great gifts for any occasion -and don't forget to buy something for yourself, like a Miss Cellania T-shirt!
Thanks for visiting! I also write for Neatorama, and I am looking for other blogging opportunities. Email me at radiofox@gmail.com
This is the rant on non-journey stories. Like the rant on non-war plots, it’ll cover things that I have seen done, and done well, in fantasies. Too often, though, authors adopt unquestioned the need for a journey, even if that kind of plot isn’t the one that plays to their greatest strengths.
But it is, at least as much for features that authors don’t get to explore in journey stories as for itself.
1) Themes of confinement and claustrophobia can show up more easily. Most fantasies include a lot of movement. Heroines run away from home. Heroes run into the wilds to get away from the Dark Lord hunting them. Characters get sent on quests, or on missions to find [insert X group] and get them to help. Though this movement has other effects (see points 3, 4, and 5), one of the biggest is to concentrate on themes associated with movement, especially freedom and wanderlust. Confinement and claustrophobia are to be gotten away from.
Shut the story in a very limited setting—a small town, a village, a house—and you’re writing something different. Threats have a smaller hunting ground. And the struggle to escape may commence, but a struggle that one can’t escape is, again, different than a struggle that ends when the heroine takes off for friendlier territory.
I often look at fantasy protagonists and wonder what they’re like when their backs are against the wall, when they have only two choices (or none), when helplessness threatens to seize them, when it’s a matter of “now or never.” It’s relatively rare to get to see. They generally burst out of confinement instead, sometimes literally, as in a jailbreak. A rescue comes, or they sought the confinement deliberately, as in the confrontation with the Dark Lord, which doesn’t worry me as I know they’re going to win anyway.
What’s your character like in a trap? Perhaps a shining figure; perhaps he even discovers strength that he never had before. Or perhaps he breaks and snaps and screams. If the story’s followed a spiral pattern, wherein something, perhaps, hunts the hero from room to room of his house and now has him cornered in his bedroom, what’s found at the center of the spiral?
Non-journey stories lend themselves well to horror and dark fantasy. One of Simon R. Green’s characters in the science fantasy novel Shadows Fall has lived several years on the lower floor of her home. She can’t leave the house, but also, there is a Thing upstairs that calls her name in her father’s voice. It’s a very effective Thing, and it freaked me the fuck out when I read that book. I’ve read many other books that took the same tack, but since they usually allow the character to escape out the door, it’s not as much fun.
2) Protagonists who aren’t journeying can have more complex and compelling inner spaces. Admittedly, some journey stories are simply populated by shallow and irritating fantasy stereotypes. But that’s not always the case. The author may have to divide her attention between the passing scenery, the complex plot (it’s always complex, often more than it needs to be), the character interaction, and getting the world’s mythic history in there, as well as the mixture of introspection, backstory, and quiet moments that allows for exploration of the character’s inner space. If she doesn’t handle it just right, the characters come out flat or uninteresting or as less a part of the story than the setting and the battles.
Not a problem with the non-journey story. The setting is doubtless important (see point 6), but the characters aren’t constantly meeting new people (see point 4), and the author doesn’t have to jog around every town they enter describing the new scenery, because they don’t enter another town. The author has more time to explore the characters.
Can this be done boringly? Sure. When the characters seem to have the same kind of backstory as any other fantasy, fall neatly into plot-related categories, share clichéd dialogue, and come to “epiphanies” that the author hasn’t prepared for convincingly, they’re boring. But put a bunch of complicated people into a non-journey story, and it gets intensely interesting. Journey stories get the greater chance to be wide. Non-journey stories get the greater chance to be deep.
3) Do more with up and down, circles and right nearby. Fantasy often focuses on across. Even when somebody climbs mountains or soars into the air, say on a dragon, the focus is usually on getting to some point that lies a distance away, across waste lands and hostile mountains and Big Places With Ominous Names. If the character descends, it’s usually into dungeons or monstrous labyrinths, and they’re just stops on the way, not the destinations themselves. (I still want more underground fantasies, and especially ones without convenient glowing moss to light the way). The characters move on, across, and over.
In a house? Those dungeons, attics, secret passages, hidden rooms, abandoned gardens, and dusty staircases become the point, the destination. What’s that singing in the dungeons? Why is the attic shut up? Why is there a room just for practicing magic? Why does the house plan say the house is supposed to have a garden, when the heroine’s never seen one associated with it? Why, whenever she starts up this staircase, do the shadows start rippling and moving towards her? Have a great grand secret like this, or link several of them together, and you can create a story that’s just as exciting as a journey, with, perhaps, a clearer plot and less people to keep track of.
In a village? There will be spots associated with local legends, like that hill with the standing stones that you’re not supposed to go near on full moon nights and the abandoned well people claim has no ending. There will be well-worn paths that freak the villagers out all the more when people start disappearing on them. There will be circles, say from the village to the river and back again. Incorporate the circles into the plot, and watch what happens. And if you put some barrier around the village, which is the reason that people can’t leave—say, the great dark forests that once spanned Europe and isolated one village from the other—there can be the sense of standing in a little embattled fortress against the darkness, with the danger not far away across rivers and mountains but right next door.
4) Non-journey stories let you explore the familiar. There’s no constant stream of new characters to meet, or mysterious names tossed around by the Wise Old Mentor that you learn 300 pages later are the names of enemies or reclusive hermits the characters need to visit to get their Sword That Was Broken reforged. Instead, there’s a whole passel of characters that the protagonists knew before the book began.
Invoking deep and interesting relationships is a must in the non-journey fantasy, even if you cheat a bit and bring in a stranger from outside. The reader is going to want to know exactly what life was like before the stranger came, and what kind of routine he’s disrupting. So the protagonist(s) will need articulated bonds to family, friends, neighbors, acquaintances, employers, rivals, enemies, mayors or other town leaders, teachers, merchants, any mages in town, and so on. It may be a very small group, like a single family. That’s fine. Just articulate them. There’s no severing in here, no running away, no starting out anew. You have a full slate instead of a blank one. And hey, you don’t have to spend lots and lots of time hinting at that dark mysterious past that the protagonist has with Left-Behind Parent X, because Parent X is right there, and the reader can be shown the relationship instead of being told about it.
5) Use objects to demonstrate and characterize. Say the fantasy novel opens with the protagonist talking to a painting that hangs over his desk. The painting shows a woman running away from something behind her, glancing over her shoulder as she goes, obviously terrified. The protagonist talks to the painting, mediates under it, and ignores other people’s horrified comments about what hangs on his wall.
That’s Garrett and his painting of the woman called Eleanor in Glen Cook’s TunFaire series of detective fantasies. Eleanor’s full story is told in one of the novels, Old Tin Sorrows, but never elsewhere. It’s part of Garrett’s character the rest of the time, a small part of what makes him who he is, but never solely a memory token.
This is part of the problem with familiar objects on journey fantasies. If a character is carrying an object from home, 99.99999% of the time it is one of two things: a keepsake from someone who passed away, or the Mysterious Object of Inscrutable Power. (It can get to be both). It’s never something that adds to the character in any other way. If it’s the Mysterious Object, most of the time it even fulfills a new function, since the possessor didn’t know about its world-saving power. Journey fantasy can’t resist turning a little object into a blank slate for the adventure.
At home, objects can be part of the story without having to serve the Mighty Angst or the Mighty Heroism. Just what a character chooses to put on his walls says a lot about him. What are his cups like, his preferred instrument if he plays several, his favorite clothes? How does he treat those objects that someone else gives him and which he doesn’t really like? What’s at the bottom of his closet? What stories could he tell you about the nicks and dents in the walls?
Protagonists who move constantly among new objects are almost always going to use them for the plot in some way. Characters who stay at home get enfolded by a new, subtle, soft mantle of characterization that simply isn’t available otherwise.
6) Know your floorplans. The maps that authors worry the most about are the world-maps, with such and such town in such and such place, and having to work out how long a journey between points would take. However, this often means that towns, villages, houses, castles, and so on come to a) resemble each other, b) be royally fucked-up, or c) both.
Going to write a non-journey story? It is crucial that bedrooms stay where you put them. I don’t care if you really want the protagonist’s room at the top of the eastern tower in the beginning, so that she can watch the new arrival gallop into the courtyard, and then want a scene where she stares out her window in the western tower at the sunset and daydreams. People will notice this. They will especially notice this if you switch rooms around for a plot-convenient reason, such as wanting heroes to charge up stairs to rescue their good buddy, despite there being only one floor in the house.
Get good at figuring things out. Get good at figuring out where the stairs could comfortably be, where the rooms are, which direction the windows face, and where the lord of the manor actually keeps his prisoners as opposed to his guests. For a journey story, it might be okay not to be too specific. For a non-journey story, you had better know where everything goes.
Really, what is it about journey stories? When I start plotting, the first thing that springs into mind is “Point A to Point B.” It’s taken training to make myself start thinking, instead, “But do they really need to go anywhere?”
Find out more about the minerals used in very common objects of our everyday life, from paper to shampoo, from a bike to a television. Follow Norman’s adventures and learn the fascinating qualities of 30 minerals. Fifty-one top expert geologists contributed to this brilliant publication.
If you are interested in purchasing a copy of the book, please visit our General Publications webpage
Military branches: Royal Netherlands Army, Royal Netherlands Navy (including Naval Air Service and Marine Corps), Royal Netherlands Air Force, Royal Constabulary
Military manpower - military age: 20 years of age (note - age 17 for cadets and midshipmen) (2003 est.)
Find the lowest rates and best deals for car rental in Europe . Our 24hr secure online reservations system is fast and easy to use. Whether its in Spain, France, Italy, UK or anywhere throughout Europe, Auto Europe is the place for all your car hire needs.
London events highlights: Japanese crafts, ‘Pop Art’ and gardening all feature in London’s cultural events calendar this summer and beyond.
Royal wedding dress at Buckingham Palace: A special exhibition at Buckingham Palace this summer will recreate the day in 1947 when Princess Elizabeth - now Queen Elizabeth II - married the Duke of Edinburgh in a glittering ceremony at London’s Westminster Abbey.
Shrewsbury recreates its summer season: Performances by Jools Holland, George Melly and Beverly Knight are among the 370 cultural and artistic events over 100 days at the 'Shrewsbury Summer Season' this year (May 19-Sept. 9).
Scotland’s oldest house marks 900 years: The longest continually inhabited house in Scotland is 900 years old. Once a hunting lodge for the kings and queens of Scotland (it hosted 27 monarchs over the years), the Stuarts of Traquair House supported Mary, Queen of Scots and the doomed Jacobite cause.
Ceramics Festival in The Potteries: Designers, studio potters, experts and collectors will be making their way to The Potteries this autumn for the Stoke-on-Trent Ceramics Festival 2007 (Oct.5-7).
Macdonald Hotels transforms Cheshire golf venue: Three championship golf courses and the largest indoor golf academy in Europe at The Portal Golf Club venue are to be part of the new four star Macdonald Portal Hotel, Golf and Spa in Cheshire when it opens in July.
Being an advanced citizen means that you dedicate some of your time, your thoughts and your perspectives to a cause that you believe in. This may be something as simple as volunteering a few hours every month to visit with senior citizens in the local nursing home, perhaps becoming a mentor to a child,
There are three things that have to happen to successfully change a habit. The first is that you must make the decision to change. When you make a decision, you are affirming to yourself that you are willing to go to any lengths to make your wishes come true. This means that you will need to completely
Research suggests that the amount and quality of sleep we achieve has profound effects on wellness. Nightly sleep is critical for the restoration of health. Sleep expert and President of the American Sleep Research Institute Lynn Larson explains that the link between sleep and decreased longevity is
Although you may have never seen a doctor write a prescription for daily doses of "love," best selling authors such as Deepak Chopra M.D., Bernie Siegal M.D., and Dean Ornish M.D. all write about the healing properties of love. Dr. Ornish says, "love may be the greatest of all disease-fighters, and it's
Smoking throughout the day is akin to living inside a burning building. Smoking degrades the collagen of your skin causing premature aging, destroys the cells inside your lungs, and promotes heart disease, cataracts and cancer because of the oxidizing radicals released into the blood stream. It can contribute
Just about every packaged food made in the U.S. has a food label indicating serving size and other nutritional information. Learning how to read food labels is like looking at a prescription for your health and your life. We recommend looking for red-flag ingredients- if a Hall of Shame ingredient is
There are three major trends in the health of both children and adults that have public health workers concerned: an increase in obesity, attention deficit disorder (ADD) and the amount of time spent watching television. Several recently published research studies indicate that television may be the
The big distinction about wellness psychology is that it is largely a manifestation of your identity, who you believe yourself to be. If you consider yourself a well person, it goes a long way toward producing well habits and a well mind. Your identity is your self image, your self concept, your beliefs
Healthy people express themselves consistent with their personality types, so there is a wide spectrum of normal behaviors that could contribute to achieving wellness. The technical end of wellness psychology encourages normal responses to the challenges of life, rather than just treating mental and
Our own values and beliefs will shape our definition of a great quality of life. A well person or family seeks to live consistently with their own meaning for living well. The most obvious and desirable benefit of a well mind is a better quality of life, which of course is determined by each individual's
Sharing and committing to support each other's values calms rocky waters and sets the stage for happiness and growth in relationships. While you can't be responsible for someone else's behaviors and values, you can help to create an environment that makes relationships work better. Gaining and maintaining
Appreciating religious values and spiritual beliefs can help form a solid foundation of wellness in your life. No discussion of wellness psychology would be complete without mentioning the impact of spirituality on wellness. Appreciating religious values and spiritual beliefs can help to form a solid
Is this glass of water half empty or half full? Wellness psychology would definitely indicate the latter. Wellness psychology is the study of mental and emotional wellness - in other words, the way to create conditions of thinking and feeling that are consistent with healthy living. Wellness psychology
What truly differentiates doctors of chiropractic from any other healthcare professionals is the fact that chiropractors are the only professionals who are trained to diagnose and treat what are called spinal subluxations. The word "subluxation" comes from the Latin words meaning "somewhat or slight"
What's the main difference between wellness care and standard medical care? Wellness care seeks to turn on the natural healing ability, not by adding something to the system, but by removing anything that might interfere with normal function, trusting that the body would know what to do if nothing were
The primary focus of chiropractic is simply to adjust the spine and remove those things which interfere with the body's natural normal healing ability. Spinal adjustments to correct subluxations are what make chiropractic professionals unique in comparison with any other type of health care professional.
La Frontera Ministries International, Inc. is proudly powered by WordPress and BuddyPress. Just another WordPress Theme by Themekraft.
The SWAT team hunts for a band of criminals re-enacting the crimes of the infamous Symbionese Liberation Army, whose decades-old offenses made local and national news. Seeking expertise on the original crime spree in the 1970s, Luca and his father, Carl Luca, review the files of Luca's late grandfather who worked for SWAT during the era of the original crimes. Also, Hondo experiences discrimination from a fellow officer during a SWAT training seminar for local law enforcement in Arizona.
Learn dating croatian man to pick up girls in 7 different kan from 32 world famous dating cdoatian. Jason Kessler, organizer of the neo-Nazi rally in Charlottesville that left one woman dead and dozens injured by a terrorist (Photo by Win McNameeGetty Images) Jason. Artisteer - web design generator for Joomla templates, Wordpress themes, Drupal themes, Blogger templates and DNN skins Nobody's asking you to cry for the wealthy, but being rich isn't exactly how you've been picturing it.
Feb 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;So, what does this mean for you. Well, if youre looking for an uncomplicated night of fun try these apps crroatian Her, … Kathmandu (काठमाण्डु) is the largest city and capital of Nepal and the namesake of the Kathmandu Valley. Once thought to be the fabled and. Jun 06, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Spot an Online Dating Scammer.
Online dating scams are rife. Anyone can be targeted. You do not have to be rich and you do not have to be stupid. CUSTOMER SUPPORT - BILING SUPPORT - Odisha free dating site POLICY - MEMBERS ENTRANCE Please visit our authorized sales agent. All persons depicted dating croatian man were at … If you feel Mature Hairy Porn Tube enough to taste real carnal pleasure, go to free sex tubes.
All hot adult Maturexxx movies that we offer virginia beach water hookup here dating site in poland more than. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;http:www. meetlocalsingles4free. net. tf To join the best free online dating site(ONLY NEED AN EMAIL) visit-http:www. meetlocalsingles4free. net. tf. The iconic brand has long been the conscience of the outdoor industry, forsaking hefty profits to dating croatian man the right dating croatian man. Now the company is going to war against the.
Find Dating croatian man the Best Chatroulette sites like Omegle on OmeChat. The most complete list you will find online, includes user count amp; popularity. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your dating croatian man of experience from being a handicap in dating.
Get up close and personal with available Australian shemales and start dating even tonight. Join Shemale Hookup website and satisfy your dating needs.Dating croatian man Hookup Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when dating croatian man is swiped from the screen. Regina ( r ɪ ˈ dʒ aɪ n ə ) is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. Dating croatian man city is the second-largest in the province, after Saskatoon, and a.
Rumors no more. Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell are officially an item. News has learned The Vampire Diaries star is dating the Scream Queens actor … Fresh from Paris Fashion Week, Ciara and Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson got engaged on Friday while vacationing on the archipelago of Seychelles. Hot Phone Chat Flirt, dirty chat, or select a category to chat with others looking for the same thing as you with our customizable system.
Actual examples dating croatian man women's good and bad hook up 4 prong range cord dating profiles. Free Horoscopes We offer free and accurate horoscope charts. Just give your birth date, time and place. You will get birth kundli jathaka in Tamil English.
Good luck. On FunnyGames. org you can play more than 14. 000 online games for free. Play your favorite game now on FunnyGames. org. What do Single Men Over 60 Really Want. This Dating Coachs Advice Will Surprise You. (Video) Dating Tips for Guys - Get a Girlfriend FAST simply by learning how to use these skills of the Alpha Male - Starting with your. OTHER NOTABLE RESOURCES. African American Women Writers Exemplary online resource presents text and images from the renowned … Have you ever gotten so nervous with a girl you liked, you ended up saying something dumb and had her squinting, rolling her eyes. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Kazakhstan dating service our list dating croatian man dating the hook up venice and dating croatian man about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the dating how to sell yourself online dating examples with 40 million members. SEDCO is a leading Shariah-compliant private wealth management dating croatian man. Typical rv electrical hook up manages a wide and of real estate investments, and other businesses. A list of the BEST love fonts on the good dating sims for mac. Completely free fonts for Valentine's day, a wedding, or for the romantic at heart. Dating croatian man Pros and Cons of the Algorithm Age. Algorithms are aimed at optimizing everything. They can save lives, make things easier and conquer chaos. Dating croatian man for online dating profile quotes to improve your profile. We have dating croatian man 100 quotes the 5 love languages for dating couples will show off your personality and dating croatian man you stand out. Knitted Caps Monmouth caps, also simply called knitted caps, Dating croatian man cauls, and, later, watch caps, were worn by common laborers and sailors. Poptropica Cheats and Secrets Cheats, Walkthroughs and Secrets dating croatian man Poptropica Mar 27, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The key to figuring out what isn't working in your life is understanding some basic psychological facts about yourself - like why we can't resist paying. The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Internet being the new bar, is the best place to find someone for a one night stand. And the two vital components of best hookup apps are: A perfect place to meet. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Watch this video free on GotPorn. com featuring slut, fetish, homemade, mature, wife, nasty, homemade, mature, wife porn. (5721321) Learn about traveling with your pet on American Airlines.
25162; Off Per Gallon on Your Next Fill-Up at a Participating Shell Station (Up to 20. Find Lovely Singles at Over 50 Online Dating. Stop spending your days and nights alone. Meet fun mature singles Just like you who want something new. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. Flathead speed equipment, newly designed flathead block, new flathead blocks. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The best and largest Black Women White Men dating site for Black Women seeking White Men or White Men looking for Black Women, 100 Free Join. Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products by Nir Eyal Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Since 1993 World Trade Press has been dedicated to providing large-scale databases of country and world city information to global businesses, NGOs, and government. Choose the best dating croafian from our top dating croatian man selection. Flirt, chat and meet datign people. All it takes is a simple ,an to find your xroatian. Find love updated dating site in usa us. From beefcakes dtaing smooth and sleek twinks, we've got your man-on-man tastes dating croatian man. Here are the best paid and cfoatian gay porn sites kan the dating croatian man. Oasis Legal Funding, at OasisLegal. com, provides legal funding for people fighting personal injury lawsuits who need immediate financial assistance, but are still. Rating is a 100 free online dating and romance site. Browse thousands of dating croatian man, flirt dating croatian man and croaitan with singles you would like to meet. Ariens also had dating websites newfoundland unit with a snowblower, mower and dating sites list wikipedia attachments back in the 70s. It was a fantastic, croafian machine that lasted about 20 years without any. My manchester online dating Sam is away at college, so one spring Sunday afternoon I take over his room and lie on prescott az dating bed, surrounded by rock datinb roll posters, to watch dating croatian man Phillies. Online payment facility hookup miami Other Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Ceoatian and Trade Professionals dating croatian man Cargo support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the. Hawaii personals has over 500 singles looking for relationships, dates and love in the Hawaiian islands updated daily. Place and read ads for free. Dr Kat helps both men and women in achieving optimal sexual health with her expert sex knowledge. You can get dating advice and information about sexuality by Jewish Singles. Jewish Matchmaker Professional Jewish singles A World of Jewish Singles has set up the Gold Standard in Jewish Matchmaking New York LA Miami Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. Here are the funny realities of dating a man who is very well endowed. His death had a hard impact on all of my friends- we all had known him for a long time, and loved him very much. Seeing a young man who all considered to be a brother. Mar 23, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Get My quot;Shy Stopquot; Technique: https:www. tooshytodate. compdating-nerves-report Shy Guy Dating Coach and NLP Practitioner Stephan Erdman specialises in.
dating croatian man best free uk dating sites 2017 dating croatian man dating websites for 5th graders
LAWRENCE — Sixteen scholars in programs from the Office for Diversity in Science Training (ODST) participated the 2017 Society for Advancement of Chicanos and Native Americans in Science conference earlier this month in Salt Lake City.
“I am very proud of all the Haskell and KU students that represented our programs well at the SACNAS conference,” said Estela Gavosto, ODST director and associate professor of math. “In particular, I would like to highlight the accomplishment of Cay Thompson, a KU Bridge Scholar from Haskell Indian Nations University who won a research presentation award for her poster titled ‘The Effects of Water Level on Greenhouse Gas Fluxes in a Restored Wetland.’”
The students are scholars in programs funded by the National Institutes of Health that support and give opportunities to underrepresented students to pursue research careers in biomedical and behavioral sciences:
Sumer Al-Ahdali is a sophomore at Haskell Indian Nations University majoring in American Indian studies/social welfare. Al-Ahdali is a scholar in the Bridge Program mentored by Nancy Jo Kepple, assistant professor of social welfare. Al-Ahdali is affiliated with the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma Tribe.
Sofia de la O, of Bel Aire, is a senior at KU majoring in chemical engineering. De la O is a scholar in the IMSD Program mentored by Mark Shiflett, Distinguished Foundation Professor of Chemical & Petroleum Engineering.
Katherin Morales, of Emporia, is a senior at KU majoring in behavioral neuroscience and psychology. Morales is a scholar in the IMSD Program mentored by Chris Gamblin, professor of molecular biosciences.
Zalma Molina, of Dodge City, is a sophomore at KU majoring in petroleum engineering and geophysics. Molina is a scholar in the IMSD Program mentored by George Tsoflias, associate professor of geology.
Sarah Schaefer, of Overland Park, is a junior at KU majoring in chemical engineering. Schaefer is a scholar in the IMSD Program mentored by Michael Wang, associate professor of pharmaceutical chemistry.
Cay Thompson is a sophomore at Haskell Indian Nations University studying environmental science. Thompson is a scholar in the Bridge Program mentored by Amy Burgin, associate professor of ecology & evolutionary biology, and Terry Loecke, assistant professor of environmental studies and assistant scientist at the Kansas Biological Survey. Thompson is affiliated with the Cayuga Tribe.
Kayla Wilson, of Olathe, is a senior at KU majoring in biology. Wilson is a scholar in the IMSD Program mentored by Robert Ward, associate professor of molecular biosciences.
The University of Kansas is a major comprehensive research and teaching university. The university's mission is to lift students and society by educating leaders, building healthy communities and making discoveries that change the world. The KU News Service is the central public relations office for the Lawrence campus.
Rock Chalk and good luck to KU senior Kathryn Ammon during her upcoming interviews as a finalist for the Marshall a… https://t.co/JVHMV4PyNV
LAWRENCE — The University of Kansas School of Public Affairs & Administration (SPAA) received word it would be recognized for outstanding public service education, given by the Network of Schools of Public Policy, Affairs, and Administration at its annual conference next month in Atlanta.
“We value the hard work that public service education faculty, administrators and students put into teaching, researching and practicing public service. It is a pleasure for us to highlight their contributions," said Laurel McFarland, executive director of NASPAA.
Two KU faculty members will receive awards: Professor Alfred Tat Kei Ho will receive the Leslie A. Whittington Excellence in Teaching Award, and Professor Steven Maynard-Moody will receive the William Duncombe Excellence in Doctoral Education Award.
Additionally, doctoral candidate Angela Park will be awarded the Staats Emerging Scholar Award, and David Toland (MPA ’01), CEO of Thrive Allen County, Kansas, will receive the first-ever NASPAA Alumni Spotlight Award.
“This is an honor for all of us here at SPAA,” said the school’s director, Rosemary O’Leary. “it speaks to our strength that every aspect of our program has been recognized, our students, our faculty and our alumni for the work they go on to do in their communities. To see KU compete with schools all over the country and be awarded top honors by our peers is exciting and humbling.”
NASPAA is the membership organization of graduate education programs in public policy, public affairs, public administration, and public and nonprofit management. NASPAA is also the recognized accreditor of master's degree programs in these fields. Its nearly 300 members are located across the U.S. and in 24 countries around the globe.
The School of Public Affairs and Administration at KU offers both academic and workplace-based professional development education to strengthen the provision of public services in society. It is the No. 1-ranked best graduate school in the nation in Local Government Management and among the top nine graduate schools in the nation in Urban Policy and Public Management and Leadership, based on 2017 rankings by U.S. News & World Report.
It is not your laptop. It is not your wallet. It is your Smartphone! For most of us it is not just a device, it is the key to our most intimate relationships. our friendships, our favorite music, our favorite shows. Mobile Intimacy – if it is on your Smartphone it must be personally related to you and who your are.
Are they on your phone? Brick and mortar brands are yet to meet the challenge of achieving Mobile Intimacy with their loyal customers. 80% of Tier 1 brick and mortar brands still do not have Apps.
Brick and mortar brands can greatly increase accessibility, recency and frequency in their relationships with their consumers by being on their Smartphones.
Revenue generation based on Mobile Intimacy, means allowing your customers to order from their mobile device. You enable your customers to act on their desire, they browse your store, they see what they want, and they buy. They will then go to the store to pick up the items, knowing it will be there waiting for them and that they have secured the best price.
Mobile Intimacy means customers expect you to enable ‘click and pick’ option, purchase on the mobile and pick at the store. As a matter of fact today more people would like to pick up the purchase at the store than to have it sent home.
In 2013 only 4 percent rated Buy Online Pickup In-Store as more important than home delivery. In 2014, this number jumped to 64 percent.
This actually makes it easier for a brick and mortar retailer to provide a continuity between the purchase intention and the store visit. But this also means there is a minimal impact on business infrastructure.
Mximo is proud to announce our newest international clients: Boutique To You & Luxola plus many more!
Mail avenger is a highly-configurable, MTA-independent SMTP (simple mail transport protocol) server. It allows you to reject spam during mail transactions, before spooling messages in your local mail queue. You can specify site-wide default policies for filtering mail, but individual users can also craft their own policies by creating avenger scripts in their home directories.
Compared to traditional (.forward, .qmail, etc.) spam filtering, filtering during an SMTP transaction gives you more options. For instance, you can reject mail with an SMTP error code, causing a bounce only if the client is a legitimate MTA, not if it is a spambot. You can temporarily defer mail, accepting the message later if the sender tries again from the same IP address--a technique known as greylisting. You can even embed cryptographically secure expiration times in temporary mail addresses to validate mail before receiving the message body.
Compared to traditional spam filtering, filtering during the SMTP transaction also gives you more information. Mail Avenger collects a wide array of information about SMTP connections from clients, including TCP SYN fingerprints (which often identify the client OS) and network route information. Mail Avanger also flags properties of client SMTP implementations, such as whether they use pipelining, issue illegal SMTP commands, or deviate from the protocol in other small ways. Scripts can easily track this information on a per-sender basis using a simple database utility (included in the distribution). Thus, anomalies can be flagged when known senders exhibit radically different client behavior. Much of the information collected is also recorded in a new mail header, X-Avenger:, which can be fed to Bayesian content filters to improve accuracy.
Per-user mail relay checks - allows users to permit relaying of their own email address from particular sources. (See avenger(1).)
Asynchronous DNS queries - for a, mx, ptr, txt records. Scripts can easily issue muitiple concurrent DNS as well as SPF, RBL, and traceroute queries. The setvars command then waits for them all to complete and assigns results to the appropriate variables. (See dns and setvars in avenger(1).)
Mail avenger is MTA-independent. It simply passes messages to a configurable sendmail program, and should therefore be compatible with any MTA that has a sendmail-like mail injection program. It has been tested with both sendmail and qmail, and others have reportedly used it with postfix.
Mail avenger is free software. It runs on Linux, OpenBSD, FreeBSD, and MacOS X, and will likely run with little or no modification on other Unix-like operating systems. Please let us know if you experience any portability problems.
Read our newsletter to see how REACH is continuing the work of truth, healing and change in Maine and Wabanaki communities, and implementing the recommendations of the Maine Wabanaki-State Child Welfare Truth & Reconciliation Commission.
This dataset includes 1.04 thousand child care centres licensed by City of Toronto, Toronto Children's Services. This dataset contains information of all Licensed Child Care Centres in the City of Toronto including their capacities by age group.
I’ve always had a bone to pick with myself of why I don’t use my hands more. It seems like a new year’s resolution, that each December I realize I still haven’t done.
At Openhouse we have a love for quality, that is why we knew we had to work with Jason Gregory, the driving force behind MAKR.
Going with our instinct, we simply went ahead and filled the store with all our favourite things and follow our true personal style because, well really, where’s the fun in that?
A guide to creative people around the world who open their homes and private spaces to the public to share cultural activities and experience life together.
Bottom Line: We detected 2 distinct components of charge movement with the bulk of the charge being carried by a slower component.Here we compare our findings in TSA cells with recordings made from oocytes using the Cut Open Vaseline Gap clamp (COVG) and go on to directly compare activation of gating charge and ionic currents at 0 and +60 mV.The data show that gating charge saturates and moves more rapidly than ionic current activates suggesting a transition downstream from the movement of the bulk of gating charge is rate limiting for channel opening.
Affiliation: Department of Anesthesiology, Pharmacology and Therapeutics; University of British Columbia; Vancouver, BC Canada.
We recently reported gating currents recorded from hERG channels expressed in mammalian TSA cells and assessed the kinetics at different voltages. We detected 2 distinct components of charge movement with the bulk of the charge being carried by a slower component. Here we compare our findings in TSA cells with recordings made from oocytes using the Cut Open Vaseline Gap clamp (COVG) and go on to directly compare activation of gating charge and ionic currents at 0 and +60 mV. The data show that gating charge saturates and moves more rapidly than ionic current activates suggesting a transition downstream from the movement of the bulk of gating charge is rate limiting for channel opening.
Figure 1: Figure 1. Comparison of WT hERG gating and ionic currents over 24 ms and 300 ms depolarizing pulses. (A) Representative traces of gating currents recorded in response to depolarizing steps of 24 ms from a HP of -110 mV. Traces from depolarizations between -60 and +60 are shown in 20 mV increments. Inset are representative traces of ionic currents recorded using the same protocol illustrating traces from depolarizations between -90 and +190 in 20 mV increments. (B) Isolated traces of gating currents demonstrate a fast IgON component of charge movement at all voltages and the emergence of a slower component of charge movement positive to 20 mV which is clear in the biexponential fit of the IgOFF currents at +60 mV. (C) Representative gating (from -60 to +60 mV) and ionic (inset, from -60 to +80 mV) current traces from a family of 300 ms depolarizing pulses. (D) Isolated gating current traces illustrating the development of a slow IgON component which develops concurrently with a slowing in the IgOFF currents. (E) Isochronal peak ionic tail current GV relationships for 24 ms (○) and 300 ms (∆) depolarizations and QOFF-V relationships from integration of IgOFF currents for 24 ms (●) and 300 ms (▲) depolarizations. Data points were fit with a single Boltzmann function of the form where y/ymax is the normalized response; either G/Gmax or Q/Qmax, V0.5 the half activation potential and k the slope factor or a double Boltzmann function where A is the amplitude of the fit component.
Mentions: Using the COVG clamp we recorded hERG gating currents using a 24 ms protocol as shown in Figure 1A and B. We observed a fast component that moved at negative potentials with a fast return upon repolarization to -110 mV as illustrated by the fast decaying ON gating currents (IgON) and OFF gating currents (IgOFF) displayed in the isolated -20 mV trace. During stronger depolarizations a slower component in IgOFF emerged and the current was best fit by a two component exponential with time constants of ~0.5 and 8 ms. It is difficult to accurately resolve charge by integrating slow gating transitions that produce small IgON. Therefore, it is common to assess the amount of charge moved in a given conditioning pulse by integrating the IgOFF upon repolarization as OFF gating currents are typically faster as voltage sensors return from activated positions. The Qoff measurement was therefore used to plot the Qoff-V shown in Figure 1E (●). The data was best fit with a double component Boltzmann equation with parameters V0.5a = -14.2 ± 0.2 mV, ka = 9.4 ± 1.7 mV, Aa = 0.31 ± 0.04, V0.5b = 41.2 ± 1.9 mV, kb = 13.1 ± 1.1 mV (n = 3), where Aa is the amplitude of the first component fit which represents the faster charge system that appears before the emergence of the slower charge system, and at more negative potentials.
Items in Open Research are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.
Updated: 12 November 2018/ Responsible Officer: University Librarian/ Page Contact: Library Systems & Web Coordinator
Accessibility and openness. These are some of the major advantages of Open Access. In this model the final receiver of a book or an article does not incur any costs, and the costs related to the publishing process are paid primarily from funds set up by universities, private institutions or governments. In contrast to the traditional model where access to content can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars and when even university libraries find it increasingly difficult to cover the ever-mounting fees, access to publications in OA is free. What does it mean for the authors? First of all, their work can reach a much larger audience and be more widely read and discussed; secondly – the final product is free, and thanks to digital distribution and online promotion, dissemination of scientific knowledge is simplified – both within the scientific community, but also in the wider world.
Impact and citation. These benefits are closely related to accessibility and openness. Availability and distribution via the Internet, as well as the possibility of adding links to the content, gives authors a chance to increase the number of times their paper is cited. The impact of Open Access on citation rate has been examined for many years and thorough analysis is beginning to confirm that this model increases citation. One example is the report – Citation Advantage of Open Access Articles:
“In the crude analysis, the mean number of citations as well as the proportion of articles cited at least once was significantly higher in the OA group in both the April 2005 and the October 2005 analyses, with the relative “risk” for non-OA articles of not being cited increasing over time.”
Very similar are the results presented in Open Access versus subscription journals: a comparison of scientific impact
It is also worth mentioning that according to the report, Ten-year cross-disciplinary comparison of the growth of open access and how it Increases Research Citation impasto of 2005:
“Articles from OA journals were cited anywhere from 36% to 176% more frequently than articles in non-OA journals”
Books and articles published in Open Access can achieve a satisfying number of citations and high impact rate, which is of great importance to research institutions as well as for the career of any researcher.
These benefits of Open Access do not exhaust the opportunities offered by this model. Firstly it goes without saying that, for the author, publishing in OA can be simpler and much more accessible. According to the report Open Access – What are the Economic benefits? (2009), which focuses on the cost of scientific publishing in three countries, publishing in OA is less expensive than traditional publishing (even with APC oscillating between 1000 and 1700 euros per article). This new publishing model is less expensive and is therefore more accessible to authors. Additionally, it is worth noting that by publishing in Open Access, authors automatically offer public access to their articles. This has an undeniable impact on the social dissemination of scientific knowledge, and thus on its evolution.
Openness, impact, citation, lower costs, contribution to society. Open Access can benefit researchers and authors. Therefore, it is worth considering these benefits when choosing a publishing model for scholarly books or articles.
Pingback: ‘Policy guidelines for the development and promotion of open access’ by UNESCO | Open Science
Pingback: Why is open access not growing faster? Part one – Advantages to Authors | Open ScienceOpen Science
As Support for the Plan S for Open Access Ramps Up, Scientists Around the Globe Draw Attention to its Risks and Implications
The Conflict over Open Access between Elsevier and German Academic Institutions Shows the Importance of Journal Subscriptions
The European Plan S Can Speed Up the Gradual Progress of Open Access, Despite Divided Opinions on its Effectiveness
academia in data Gold Open Access news Open Access to Books Open Access popularization De Gruyter Open Creative Commons peer review Funding Green Open Access Elsevier opinion article processing charges guides Open Access in Sciences Open Science journal De Gruyter OA Key Challenges journals Impact Factor APCs authors survey
The blog openscience.com uses cookies to store information that enables us to optimize our website and make browsing more comfortable for you. To learn more about the use of cookies, please read our privacy statement at the following link. Privacy Statement
ISSN (Online) 2570-1479. Except where otherwise noted, content on Open Science dot com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution, Non Commercial, Share Alike 4.0. International license.
Dog Friendly Cafe Main Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Maine Rare Plant List is produced biennially by the Maine Natural Areas Program of the state’s Department of Agriculture, Conservation, and Forestry. It lists Maine’s rare and extirpated native plant species. We’re using this list, along with the information it provides, in addition to other sources, to select species that are the most likely to … More Maine Rare Plant List
We rented an excavator that turned out to be smaller than we’d thought for a job which turned out to be a lot bigger than it looked! Derek spent a good 10 hours the first day and several the next morning finishing! Next – Figuring out who might want to take all this asphalt off … More Tennis Court Demolition
Looking for guidance, in mid-May, we took a trip out to see naturalist extraordinaire Warren Balgooyen at his place in Norridgewock. We had a tour of the property, got a ton of information, and had some good laughs with Warren and his wife Helen. We left happily with our first donation – Two American Chestnut … More A visit to Warren Balgooyen’s place
Type rated on A330, B747-400, B747, B757, B767, B737, B727. International Airline Pilot / Author / Speaker. Dedicated to giving the gift of wings to anyone following their dreams. Supporting Aviation Safety through training, writing, and inspiration.
This is a lengthy post, but something you should read if you want to learn how aviation started in this country and the many connections. I received this from a friend a year ago. The information came Denham S. Scott, North American Aviation Retirees' Bulletin. Enjoy an interesting read!
"How many of you know that in 1910, mighty Martin Marietta got its start in an abandoned California church? That's where Glenn L. Martin, with his amazing mother Minta Martin & their mechanic Roy Beal, constructed a fragile biplane that Glenn taught himself to fly.
It has often been told how Douglas Aircraft started operations in 1920 in a barbershop's backroom on L.A.'s Pico Boulevard. Interestingly, the barbershop is still operating.
The Lockheed Company built the first of their famous Vegas' in 1927 inside a building currently used by Victory Cleaners at 1040 Sycamore in Hollywood.
In 1922, Claude Ryan, a 24 year old military reserve pilot, was getting his hair cut in San Diego, when the barber mentioned that the 'town's aviator was in jail for smuggling Chinese illegal’s up from Mexico. Claude found out that if he replaced the pilot 'sitting in the pokey,' he would be able to lease the town's airfield for $50 a month -- BUT he also had to agree to fly North & East -- not South!
Northrop's original location was an obscure Southern California hotel. It was available because the police had raided the hotel, and found that its steady residents were money-minded gals entertaining transitory male hotel guests.
Glenn Martin built his first airplane in a vacant church, before he moved to a vacant apricot cannery in Santa Ana. He was a showman who traveled the county fair, and air meet circuit as an exhibitionist aviator. From his exhibition proceeds, Glenn was able to pay his factory workers, purchase the necessary wood, linen, and wire. His mother, Minta and, two men ran the factory while Glenn risked his neck gadding about the country. One of his workers was 22-year old Donald Douglas [who WAS the entire engineering department]. A Santa Monica youngster named Larry Bell [later founded Bell Aircraft which today is Bell Helicopter Textron] ran the shop.
Another part of Glenn Martin's business was a flying school with several planes based at Griffith Park, and a seaplane operation on the edge of Watts where his instructors taught a rich young man named Bill Boeing to fly.
Later, Boeing bought one of Glenn Martin's seaplanes, and had it shipped back to his home in Seattle. At this same time, Bill Boeing hired away Glenn's personal mechanic. After Boeing's seaplane crashed in Puget Sound, he placed an order to Martin for replacement parts.
Still chafing from having his best mechanic 'swiped,' [a trick he later often used himself] Martin decided to take his sweet time, and allowed Bill Boeing to 'stew' for a while. Bill Boeing wasn't known to be a patient man, so he began fabricating his own aircraft parts, an activity that morphed into constructing entire airplanes, and eventually the Boeing Company we know today.
A former small shipyard nicknamed 'Red Barn' became Boeing Aircraft's first home. Soon, a couple of airplanes were being built inside, each of them having a remarkable resemblance to Glenn Martin's airplanes...that interestingly, had its own remarkable resemblance to the Glenn Curtiss' planes.
A few years later, when the Great depression intervened, and Boeing couldn't sell enough airplanes to pay his bills, he diversified into custom built speed boats, and furniture for wealthy friends.
After WW-I, a bunch of sharpies from Wall Street gained control of the Wright Brothers Co. in Dayton plus the Martin Company in L.A...a merger that became the Wright-Martin Company.
Wright-Martin began building an obsolete biplane design with a foreign Hispano-Suiza engine. Angered because he had been out maneuvered with a bad idea, Martin walked out taking Larry Bell, and other key employees with him.
From the deep wallet of a wealthy baseball mogul, Martin was able to establish a new factory. Then his good luck continued when the future aviation legend, Donald Douglas, was persuaded by Glenn to join his team. The Martin MB-1 quickly emerged from the team's efforts, and became the Martin Bomber.
Although too late to enter WW-I, the Martin Bomber showed its superiority when Billy Mitchell used it to sink several captured German battleships, and cruisers to prove it's worth. He was later court martialed for his effort.
In Cleveland, a young fellow called 'Dutch' Kindelberger joined Martin as an engineer. Later, as the leader of North American Aviation, Dutch became justifiably well-known.
Flashing back to 1920, Donald Douglas had saved $60,000, returned to L.A., rented a barbershop's rear room, and loft space in a carpenter's shop nearby. There he constructed a classic passenger airplane called the Douglas Cloudster.
A couple of years later, Claude Ryan bought the Cloudster, and used it to make daily flights between San Diego, and Los Angeles. This gave Ryan the distinction of being the first owner/operator of Douglas transports. Claude Ryan later custom built Charles Lindbergh's ride-to-fame in the 'flying fuel tank' christened: The Spirit of St. Louis.
In 1922, Donald Douglas won a contract from the Navy to build several torpedo carrying aircraft. While driving through Santa Monica's wilderness, Douglas noticed an abandoned, barn-like movie studio. He stopped his roadster, and prowled around. The abandoned studio became Douglas Aircraft's first factory.
With the $120,000 contract in his hand, Donald Douglas could afford to hire one or two more engineers. My brother, Gordon Scott, had been schooled in the little known science of aviation at England's Fairey Aviation, so he hired Gordon.
My first association with the early aviation pioneers occurred when I paid my brother a visit at his new work place. Gordon was outside on a ladder washing windows. He was the youngest engineer. Windows were dirty, and Douglas Aircraft Company had no money to pay janitors.
Gordon introduced me to a towhead guy called Jack Northrop, and another chap named Jerry Vultee. Jack Northrop had moved over from Lockheed Aircraft. All of them worked together on the Douglas Aircraft's 'World Cruiser' designs.
While working in his home after work, and on weekends, Jack designed a wonderfully advanced streamlined airplane. When Allan Loughead [Lockheed] found a wealthy investor willing to finance Northrop's new airplane, he linked up with Allan. and together they leased a Hollywood workshop where they constructed the Lockheed Vega. It turned out to be sensational with its clean lines, and high performance. Soon Amelia Earhart, and others flew the Vega to break many of aviation's world records.
I had the distinct pleasure of spending time with Ed Heinemann who later designed the AD, A3D and A4D. He told me how my dad would fly out to Palmdale with an experimental aircraft they were both working on. They would take it for a few hops, and come up with some fixes. After having airframe changes fabricated in a nearby machine shop, they would hop it again to see if they had gotten the desired results. If it worked out, Mr. Heinemann would incorporate the changes on the aircraft's assembly line. No money swapped hands!
In May 1927, Lindbergh flew to Paris, and triggered a bedlam where everyone was trying to fly everywhere. Before the first Lockheed Vega was built, William Randolph Hearst had already paid for it, and had it entered in an air race from California to Honolulu.
In June 1927, my brother, Gordon, left Douglas Aircraft to become Jack Northrop's assistant at Lockheed. While there, he managed to get himself hired as the navigator on Hearst's Vega. The race was a disaster, and ten lives were lost. The Vega, and my brother vanished. A black cloud hung heavily over the little shop. However, Hubert Wilkins, later to become Sir Hubert Wilkins, took Vega #2, and made a successful polar flight from Alaska to Norway. A string of successful flights after that placed Lockheed in aviation's forefront.
I went to work for Lockheed as it 26th employee, shortly after the disaster, and I worked on the Vega. It was made almost entirely of wood, and I quickly become a half-assed carpenter.
At this time, General Motors had acquired North American consisting of Fokker Aircraft, Pitcairn Aviation [later Eastern Airlines] and Sperry Gyroscope, and hired Dutch Kindelberger away from Douglas to run it. Dutch moved the entire operation to L.A. where Dutch and his engineers came up with the P-51 Mustang.
Interestingly, just a handful of young men played roles affecting the lives of all Americans...as it initiated the Southern California metamorphosis, from a semi-desert with orange groves and celluloid, into a dynamic complex supporting millions.
Although this technological explosion had startling humble beginnings, taking root as acorns in -- a barber shop's back room -- a vacant church -- an abandoned cannery -- it became a forest of mighty oaks."
Additional note: Steering of the P-51 only became very difficult when the G-Forces were high, due to the
Dan, I always learn from you! I did not know that!! And there you have it... those who upchuck can grow to become aviation greats!!
Thank you for your comment! If your comment doesn't appear immediately, it will after I land. Enjoy the journey!
My writing reflects my opinion and not that of my employer. Please do not reproduce it or use it without permission.
To support writers, pilots, family and friends, encouraging everyone to believe in and reach for their dreams.
Kevin Miller is not declared hostile, but this is the title of his latest novel. We met Kevin back in 2015 when his novel, Raven One, first released. Now he is an Amazon Best-Selling author of two military action-adventure novels Raven One and Declared Hostile.
"The story centers on a contemporary U.S. Naval action aboard the fictional carrier Coral Sea in the Caribbean revolving around Cdr. Jim “Flip” Wilson whom readers first encountered in Raven One. The story involves an alliance between portions of the Venezuelan government and a drug cartel that directly threatens the security of the United States. During the training cruise a black program is revealed. It a cross between TOPGUN and Clear and Present Danger. Lots of flying action and wardroom drama, with troubling questions about our society that have difficult answers. Exclusively on Amazon."
Kevin is a retired Navy Captain and graduated from the University of Mississippi and was designated a Naval Aviator in August 1983. He flew the A-7E Corsair II and FA-18C Hornet throughout the 1980’s and 90’s and commanded a strike-fighter squadron in combat. He finished his career in the Pentagon serving on the staff of the Secretary of the Navy, retiring in 2005 after 24 years. During his military career he accumulated over 3,600 flight hours and 1,000 carrier landings from the decks of 11 aircraft carriers. His personal decorations include the Bronze Star, the Air Medal (with combat “V”), and two strike-flight Air Medals. After leaving the service Kevin was employed as an associate at two Washington DC defense consulting firms, and today is the Owner/Principal of MPK Defense Consulting. He is working on his next novel. But today...
To be a Pet Detective, you have to understand both the criminals and animals. Ace Ventura goes even further... He behaves like a criminal animal. ...
In 1946, the former boxers Dwight "Bucky" Bleichert and Lee Blanchard are policemen in Los Angeles. Lee has a good relationship with his chief and ...
Young Mary Katherine (M.K.) returns to her eccentric scientist father's home, but his all-consuming quest to discover a tiny civilization in the neighboring forest drives ...
Superman learns that there is a new superhero team around, The Elite. They quickly prove themselves a team of extraordinary power guided by a confident ...
A catastrophic volcanic eruption releases ancient dragon-like creatures on the surrounding areas. Scientists believe this could start a chain reaction of volcanic eruptions giving way ...
Dr. Carter struggles with his drug dependency; a custodial strike leaves the ER cluttered with garbage; a riot at a high-school football game leaves several ...
After a young girl is brought into the ER with a potentially serious and highly communicable disease, the Centre for Disease Control orders the entire ...
Sam and Luka are desperately trying to find Alex, who has run away from home in the previous episode. Meanwhile, Ray, Abby and Neela have ...
Abby, Pratt and Morris clash with Moretti's strict new ER procedures as victims of an anti-war rally roll in, including Neela. Gates manhandles a patient ...
John Travolta plays George Malley, who owns the local auto repair shop in a small California town. After celebrating his birthday with friends at the ...
An under-appreciated, over worked assistant entrusted with a million dollar necklace races to find out which of his friends betrayed him, as he battles a ...
Life couldn't get much worse for News Producer Tim O'Hara. He humiliates the one he loves, Brace Channing and ends up getting fired by her ...
A mid-western farm boy reluctantly becomes a member of the undead when a girl he meets turns out to be part of a band of ...
After a car accident in which his wife, Debra, was killed and he was injured, Frank Bannister develops psychic abilities allowing him to see, hear, ...
Good Samaritan Sarah Fitzpatrick has a fatal accident just before Christmas, and finds herself in the lobby before the gates of Heaven. Certain that she ...
It's one year later after the events of Halloween 4. Michael survives the shootings and on October 31st he returns with a vengeance. Lurking and ...
A scientist performs experiments involving intelligence enhancing drugs and virtual reality on a simple-minded gardener. He puts the gardener on an extensive schedule of learning, ...
Set in San Diego, the movie follows the desperate acts of Bill Templer head of a covert defense agency perpetrating a terrifying fraud on the ...
Disclaimer: nitdalisma.com is site does not store any files on its server. All contents are provided by non-affiliated third parties.
There is nothing more exciting than hopping onto a plane and going to a new land that you are yet to explore. There is nothing more incredible than the way that travel can change, expand, and connect your mind.
I understand that it sounds cliche and quite lame, but it truly does. Each time I hop on a plane, land in a new city, make my way to a small hillside town, embrace a new culture, learn some new local phrases it enables me to connect to other humans and you realise how simple life is if we were to take it all back to the basics.
Last year I managed to travel throughout South East Asia at the beginning of the year, India in the middle, and Cambodia and New Zealand at the end whilst I was part time working and full time studying. My most recent trip I was in Sri Lanka, Indonesia and Malaysia for two months and I'm heading to New Zealand in a couple of days.
Here are the answers to the questions that are asked most frequently and I'll try to cover it all. Please don't hesitate to ask more questions if I haven't covered something.
Alex and I both work casually to fund our travels and we simply save our money so we are able to travel.
Make travel your top priority. If you want to travel then travel! If you're on a small budget then Asia is your answer. A little money can get you a long way.
1. Open a savings account (with interest) and set a savings goal. Add a set amount to your savings account each week and if possible add in an extra cash you have left over.
2. Make small cuts where possible. Instead of an expensive dinner out with friends, have a delicious home cooked meal! Instead of buying things you don't truly need, pop that money away for your travels. Making small cuts on things like the coffee a day or getting your nails done can really add up!
We actually recently discovered Skyscanner which is AMAZING! Always be on the look out for sales, booking far enough in advance and some months are cheaper to fly certain places.
We generally stay in homestays, guesthouses, cheap hotels or hostels. We generally only splash out on accommodation if it's super awesome (e.g Marina Bay sands) or if it's a special occasion. Excluding Marina bay, our budget for a standard double room ranges between $4(Thailand)-$25 (Sri Lanka)
We generally budget $20 per person per day. This includes accommodation, food, transport and water. Shopping and special sights etc are generally not included in the budget.
We will book a place just before we arrive so we don't have to wander around looking for accommodation late at night. Hostelbookers, Air bnb and Agoda are great. Do be mindful that walk in price is generally cheaper.
We generally pack quite light as everything can be bought overseas. I generally pack bathers, a pair of shorts, some undies, some sturdy sandles, a couple of tops and a dress.
Not at all. Sri Lanka was insanely vegan friendly - all of their main dishes are inherently vegan. Throughout Asia there are copious amounts of fruit and curries are mostly made with coconuts.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Being a quality centric organization, our forte is to manufacture a premium grade of Anti Skid Tape. Owing to characteristics like oil & water resistance, anti skid property and excellent adhesion, these tapes are used on the stair edge, bath tubs, escalators and inclined platforms to make the surface anti skid in nature. We manufacture Anti Skid Tape by employing premium grade materials and modern technology at our state of the art machining facility. We hold the expertise to customize these tapes as per the needs of the clients.
This is based loosely on Rosolli, but we adapted it somewhat for Midwestern-US tastes, and changed it from a side dish into a main dish. Notice that everything except the apples can be prepared ahead of time, and then you can throw it together quickly when it's time to eat.
Wash, cut, and boil the potatoes until done but not soft, and the carrots (separately from the potatoes) until firm. (Do not overcook. Everything in this recipe that is cut up should be cut into bite-sized pieces.) Save some of the water from the carrots.
Mix the sugar, ginger, and cornstarch together, then stir into the liquids over medium heat, stirring until it bubbles and becomes translucent. Cool.
After making the sauce, slice up the onions, chop the dill, core and cut up the apples, and stir it all together, salting if desired. Serve cold, either drizzling the dressing over the salad or leaving it on the side for dipping.
Add 7 fresh beets, boiling them with the carrots. Omit the pineapple and the chicken, and replace the above sauce with a mayo-based dressing. This still won't be authentic rosolli, but closer.
With my OS and browser chrome all clipped out of the screenshot, the page area comes to 1542x805, a total of some 1241310 pixels. Trying to be as generous as is anything like reasonable, I estimate the content area as roughly 678x39 = 26442 pixels for the search box area (Yahoo _is_ a major web search engine, so IMO this counts), something like 401x213+286x40+131x26 = about 100259 pixels for the TODAY article, plus a somewhat more arguable 500x170 = 85000 pixels for the news headlines (which could easily be considered intrasite links, but I'm trying to be magnanimous), a total of about 211701 pixels of content, roughly 17% of the total page area. For such a major site (Alexa rank: 4), this is an embarrassingly low number, IMO.
My sister and I both had a couple of days free right before Christmas this year (and we've both been in Galion for entirely too many years straight now, several times as long as we've ever previously been in one place), so we decided to take a short trip and get away for a couple of days. We picked the hotel based on price and general location, and then we got there and found this view out the window. Nice.
We went to the zoo in the evening and saw their fancy light display, then we visited a museum on the twenty-fourth. I may put up some photos from some of that later.
Feel free to browse through and download files submitted by other physicists, as well as submit your own files using the "Add download" link. Unless otherwise specified, all files are distributed under the MIT open source license for research and educational use only with no fitness guarantee.
This website is intended to supplement existing medical physics resources. It is an easy and informal way to share your work with others. Please contact Nathan Childress by using the "Contact Us" link with any questions.
Unless otherwise specified, all files are distributed under the MIT open source license for research and educational use only with no fitness guarantee.
Look for 380FS005NF2420M5? Lincomponents is an independent distributor for obsolete & hard to find and discontinued electronic components. More than 500 thousand parts can be found at our product database, you can availability and pricing for 380FS005NF2420M5, including detailed information such as manufacturer and datasheets etc. We have a large inventory for most electronic component, buy 380FS005NF2420M5 here right now, we would ship the part in stock same day or short lead-time. Even the electronic parts can not found at our web, our sales staff find it and response your quote in 24 work hours.
Founded in 2008, Lincomponents is a full service independent distributor of electronic components. We have established cooperative relationships with hundreds of manufacturers and distributors after years of development. Every day we help OEM's, contract manufacturers and distributors to solve their most difficult component sourcing problems for discontinued & obsolete and hard to find electronic components.We charge the lowest price with the highest quality products. All RFQ fill in details will be responsed in 24 work hours by email or make a cell for you. High quality parts, Competitive price, Swift delivery, Quality service, Global sourcing network; Lincomponents is the best choose for you .
A lot of the work seen here has been exhibited within the past 5 years. One of the most striking things I've found as I've been photographing is how extraordinary the ordinary really is.
In constructing my latest collection of poems, Let Nothing Be Lost, I was thinking of poems much the way I consider colors of fabric in the quilts I make--some lights, some mediums, some darks. You'll find here: cornfields of Illinois, canyons of NM, as well as bits of my beloved Ireland. The title, Let Nothing Be Lost, is an expression of my deeply felt awareness of how all things are connected and, indeed, nothing exists outside of the interactive process that rules all life.
Why shouldn’t growing things have feelings for each other, we thought—rhythmic pulses, electric magnetic vibrations, quivers
only the beginning—pulses synchronizing, electric charge when shoulder brushed shoulder, heat of interlaced fingers as we talked of trees.
"And how do you expect me to explain to Tomas if I can't even manage to fetch a small scrap of a woman without getting her killed?"
I blinked my eyes open and found that I was in the sleeping car and on the bench that served as a bed. "Are you always this quarrelsome?" I asked. "It is headache inducing."
I tried to sit up but the two men crowded me. "Back before I skewer you both. I've had enough of men and puzzles for one day thank you very much," I snapped looking around for my knife.
"Forget that fang you carried. I've put it up for safe keeping. I have no desire to be ... er ... skewered anytime soon. And why didn't I know you carried such?"
"Because you've got manners despite being the Sheriff and have some false idea that I'm fragile. I'm a Woodsman's daughter. You're lucky I don't carry an axe around to cleave the heads of those that annoy me. Now move. And who is he? Never mind, he's a relation to you, I can see it clear as day. An infernal Linder."
The man's eyebrows tried to climb into his hairline but the Sheriff just smiled. "Not a Linder ... a Nealy ... from my mother's side. That's the side I take after. This is my cousin Ronald Nealy and he is a regional guard."
"How do you do?" I said to the man. "I beg your pardon for my foul temper but I really dislike being attacked."
"Uh ... of course ... I assure you the feeling is mutual Widow Linder." Turning to the Sheriff he said, "I'll return in a moment."
Once I'd repeated exactly what the man had said several times the Sheriff fell silent and thoughtful. I told him, "The one thing I learned during my tenure as one of the Guardian's wives was that the status quo was all important. Anything ... or anyone ... that disturbed or threatened the status quo could create problems far larger than the act or person should have been able to. Trouble like that ... it was an unexpected consequence of my marriage and what irritated my husband most. I still don't understand all of it but it didn't all lie at the feet of Ceena and Tonya's prejudices against me."
The Sheriff reached over and locked the door of the compartment we were in then placed his finger over his lips before whispering, "I hesitate to ask but how much did you know of your husband's ... habits?"
"Is that what he called it then?" I was confused once again and he looked at me so compassionately that I was ready to bolt from the room. "Widow ... Leeda ... what he sipped can be used as a medicine of sorts but he shouldn't have been taking it. It was an opiate blend ... highly addictive but because of how it is processed has far fewer side effects. It is the addictive part that is concerning however. His valet told us that he had a fresh flask of his 'tonic' made up every morning. One flask should have left him comatose. The fact that he drank a flask of it every day without apparent behavioral effects speaks of an addiction of long duration." Carefully he asked, "How ... how often did you ... were you in ... in your husband's bed chamber?"
"Don't hiss and growl at me Widow. I wouldn't embarrass us both if this wasn't important. I need to know."
The Sheriff leaned back like he was shocked but then the shock faded and he nodded like the knowledge fit some kind of puzzle. "You can throw something at me later or help my sisters make me miserable but we need to finish this discussion."
"I almost wish I could. It's as uncomfortable for me as for you I assure you. The ... er ... infrequency of your ... interaction ... with your husband is probably part of the reason why you didn't recognize the symptoms despite your training; overuse of it leads to infertility and ultimately impotence. Marta mentioned he was too fond of his stomach medicine but he kept his ingredients for it a state secret and she never could find out what it was. He was heavily addicted to what he kept in that flask. Our family apothecary says that it is a very expensive version of a drug that is uncommon ... or should be uncommon ... in our region. The Great Council keeps track of the trade for security reasons."
"It is not the GC's place to prevent people from being addicts and idiots if they so choose. The GC gets involved if taxes aren't paid on imports or there are disagreements between regions but beyond that they merely organize the various militias to protect the foreign borders and promote trade agreements. They turn away or sink most of the illegal drug ships before they dock because they usually carry disease or promote slavery - not because of the drug itself - but smaller shipments come by way of smugglers. It is the Guardians who guard against rampant problems of addiction by making sure that if someone does choose to consume substances that they do not hold public office, nor inherit office while under an addiction, and that if they break any other laws while under the influence that there is a further penalty."
"In other words if they aren't breaking any laws they can be as addicted as they can get away with being but if they are addicted and break a law the punishment is that much greater."
"Aye. Exactly. Except add that poverty due to addiction is illegal to relieve with charity. Tentuckia's only problems for several generations has been the occasional batch of poisonous liquor and attempted incursions of savages from the border lands between regions. Plus the occasional internal struggle with the anarchists."
"We all suffer from the plagues of our day Leeda, politics will not inherently protect anyone from a germ. Nor will it make anyone inherently more vulnerable."
"Oh climb down out of the luggage rack and stop acting so outraged. We both know it is a true fact. You may not even set out to intentionally use me but you're a Linder just like all the others that have come before you and I begin to think it is in your blood as much as it was in theirs. You claim to have no talent or patience for politics but you really do quite well when you aren't trying to pass yourself off as some harmless, lovesick puppy."
"Don't get that desperate again. You look ridiculous trying to look wholesome and innocent. If you had an eye patch or something similar you'd look like a river pirate."
"Not trying, doing. You simply aren't cooperating. Now leave and go about whatever it is that Sheriff's do when rails are attacked. I wish to clean up and I'm not about to do it in front of you."
He stood up and gave a small bow. "I've sent for someone to look after you and make sure you are not injured."
"No need. I prefer to tend to myself. It is unnerving to have another woman helping me dress and undress."
"Well then let the unnerving begin because at least this once you will accept the help. Your neck is turning the color of vomited blackberries and you have red spots all over your face."
And so saying he turned and left. As soon as he closed the door I rushed to the small mirrored cabinet then nearly stomped my foot in exasperation. His description had been all too accurate.
You will need 36 months of full-time employment in the meetings industry as well as 25 clock hours of continuing education. If you have a degree in Event Management or Hospitality, you will only need 24 months of full-time employment. All activities must be within the past five years. Also, if you participated in an industry-related internship, that may count for your 25 clock hours of continuing education.
You will list your experience in the Work Experience section of the portal and will also be asked to upload a resume.
When we review applications, we review the description of your job duties and your resume to verify you’re a full-time meeting professional. Titles are not as important as the descriptions.
You’ll need two pieces of information: A session description that shows the learning objectives align with the CMP International Standards AND proof that you attended (like a scan of your name badge or a copy of your registration confirmation). You’ll need to create one document of both those documents to load into each of the activities you list.
Yes, unless the event has been pre-approved by Events Industry Council (see below), you will need to list each session you attended and provided backup for each session.
8.	If the event has been pre-approved by Events Industry Council for CMP credit, do I have to list all the sessions I attended?
No. For events that have been pre-approved by Events Industry Council, you only need to report the total amount of hours you spent in educational sessions. Your attendance will be loaded into your online portal by the host organization (if the email in your account matches the email you gave the host organization). You will receive an email telling you when your attendance has been recorded. You simply need to “edit” the event in your portal to record the total number of hours you spent in educational sessions.
If the email addresses don’t match, you can still get credit for attending but you’ll need to list every session you attended separately and upload registration confirmation as well as a session description.
Events Industry Council lists approved activities on our website under the “Events & Education” tab in your online account. Many of the pre-approved coursed are webinars, some live and some on demand.
Absolutely! If you go to a session that hasn’t been pre-approved, you can self-report it. Just remember, you’ll need to upload both your registration information and a session description. If the session IS pre-approved but doesn’t get loaded into your account you can still report it but, again, you’ll need to provide all the supporting documentation.
Effective January 1, 2016, the continuing education requirements have changed slightly. Now a percentage of your CEs can be non-industry specific as long as the learning objectives align with one of the 9 domains in the CMP International Standards. For exam applicants that means 20% (or five hours) of their CEs can be courses such as financial management or project management.
We ask for 3-5 weeks to review your application. Once we’ve reviewed your application you will receive an email from us with the results of the review. If you’ve been approved, the email will include information about how to pay your exam fee and schedule your exam.
The CMP exam is offered four times a year: in January, May, August and November. Once you are approved, you’ll have one year to take and pass the exam before you have to re-apply. We recommend that you decide which exam window you want to sit for the exam and then submit your application early enough to have time to schedule the exam as well as study.
To apply for the CMP, it costs $250. Once you are approved, you will need to pay for the exam, which is $450. During your approval year, you may take the exam as often as you need to but you will have to pay the $450 exam fee each time you take it. After your approval year is up, you need to start the process over again and pay the applicable fees.
Events Industry Council has two documents that are required readings in order to aid in candidate success. This includes the CMP Handbook and the CMP International Standards. We also recommend three reading materials, which include: The Events Industry Council Manual, 9th edition, the Events Industry Council Industry Glossary and the PMM Manual, 6th edition. The manuals will help you understand how the domains are applied to the daily life of a meeting professional and the Events Industry Council Industry Glossary, gives explanations of industry terms. Other than these materials, Events Industry Council does not recommend any one method of studying because everyone learns differently. Some prefer working with study groups and some like to study on their own. There are many study groups hosted by other organizations, such as MPI. There are also online, self-paced programs that some find useful.
The exam is administered by our testing partner Prometric. Prometric has test centers throughout the US and the world. You can locate the centers nearest you by going to prometric.com and selecting the “locate a test center” link.
The CMP exam is computer based and is composed of 165 multiple-choice questions. Applicants have three and a half hours to answer 15 pretest (unscored) questions and 150 operational (scored) questions. Four possible answers are provided for each question. Only one answer is correct. There are no “all of the above” or “none of the above” options and no trick questions. Because the exam is designed to measure competency rather than academic excellence, it is scored as either pass or fail. The exam is offered only in English.
You need at least a score of 55 to pass. But this doesn’t mean you have to answer 55 questions correctly. The exam is scaled, meaning some questions may be more difficult and other not as difficult. Depending on the amount of difficult or “easy” questions you have in each domain, this will affect your final score.
Immediately! Once you submit your exam, your final score will be displayed on the screen. Those who pass will simply receive a “pass” score; if you fail the exam, you will receive a report that will explain how you performed in each domain.
To be admitted to the exam, you’ll need your approval to test letter (which you get once you’ve paid your exam fee and scheduled your appointment) and you’ll also need a government-issued photo ID. Once you get your “approval to test letter,” make sure the name on the letter matches the ID you will be presenting at the test center. Call Events Industry Council immediately if the two don’t match. If the name on your ID doesn’t match the name on your approval record, you will not be permitted in the test center and your exam fee will be forfeited.
Events Industry Council will mail your certificate within four weeks of the close of the testing window.
Yes, if the next available testing window is within your eligibility year (you may not take more than one exam per testing window). Each time you take the exam, you will have to pay the $450 exam fee but will not have to submit a new application. After your eligibility year expires, you will need to begin the application process over. If your eligibility year ends before another testing window is available, you must submit a new application and pay the necessary fees before taking the exam again. (For instance, if you fail the exam in January and your eligibility year expires in April, you will not be eligible to take the May testing window until you have submitted a new application and have been approved.).
At Lungomare , our mission is to show our guests a unique expression of the Northern California foodshed, as interpreted by Chef Craig DiFonzo and our staff. Through our support of small local producers, we offer our guests a culinary tour of our one of a kind climate and culture. All salumi, pastas, and gelatos are made in house. Chef Craig applies traditional Italian technique to pasture raised meats, seasonal produce, and heirloom grains to create a blend of old world and new. Our tapwine and beer programs let you sample the very best of our local brewers and vintners, as well as Italy’s finest.
All videos and links are provided by the parties. We accept no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own freedom while surfing the links.
BMS’ Chief Actuary Dave Spielger featured in The Physician Insurer E-Magazine – Online Extra – 4th Quarter edition, discussing the MPL Industry.
Reprinted from the fourth Quarter 2012 issue of Physician Insurer E-Magazine, Physician Insurers Association of America. Copyright, 2012.
this unique special promoting is 5-75% off. We would suggest Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis. quality price level from the brand is special wayfair.com. Guaranteed customer satisfaction. Integrated! Price Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis starting in Oct 2018 baht regarding you to receive goods from many other stores, you need to to update about November 12, 2018, 1:41 pm
If you locate a lower advertised value inside 30 days of your obtain, we'll match that cost! No concerns, no Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis hassles. It really is that easy. Microwave Stand: The side tables and microwave stands are created of concrete wood, or particle board with complete lamination. It's with a sophisticated creativity that you Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis show us how to incorporate an essential acknowledgement of the past with style, whimsy and enjoyable!
Behind the bow- fronted Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis window you will find a light, spacious and contempory affair, run by chef owner Christopher Astley and Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis wife, Lisa. The compact menus use the freshest local seasonal generate that deliver clean flavoured dishes that allow the prime quality components to speak for themselves. In contrast, upstairs there is a conventional bar-lounge, perfect for pre lunch or dinner drinks and coffee. There is big Italian style Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis terrace garden for those excellent sunny days and balmy evenings.
The Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis is beautiful and solid. It took some time to place it mutually, and the guidelines were good. My simply complaint about the table may be the piece on the bottom of the table - you cannot employ a standard umbrella base. There is not enough space for a umbrella base. Now we are trying to find a flat basic, which is difficult to find. EASILY new this information, I would of picked a diverse table.
We bought these in the dream blue color and absolutely take pleasure in them! These Utley 25.35" Bar Stool (Set of 2) By Orren Ellis will be the perfect height for my counter and the color actually pops against our light island and quartz. Incredibly sturdy and well built, rated up to 330lbs per seat. The chairs have a light tiffany blue color to them, which my wife loves!
asy to put together. Chairs were a little wobbly but easily fixed by adding felt pads to bottom level. ?
Delivery was directly on, actually early. The established arrived in perfect state. Assembly went well with step by step instructions. Took about 1-1/2 time. Very pleased with quality and looks of set. Just as proven in picture. The white set was just what I needed for my kitchen with gray seats. My 1st purchase, but not at all my last.
Witchery's second album is in fact an EP... although their "full-length" albums are not much lengthier. Witchburner consists of four cover songs and three new Witchery songs.
The EP kicks off with a very good cover of Accept's "Fast As A Shark" classic.... speeded up a little, at the frontier of speed/trash metal. Next comes a cover of W.A.S.P.'s "I Wanna Be Somebody", another 80's classic, and Witchery's version is almost as enjoyable as the original song, the vocals don't exactly fit the song, but you get over it with time. The third cover, Judas Priest's "Riding On The Wind", simply another kick-ass cover. The last cover song is Black Sabbath's "Neon Nights". Here the vocals are again something to get over, but, hell, what can I say, this cover is as good at the others on the album!
Now for the new songs. "The Howling" is the first one, and you can instantly recognize that this is original material from Witchery. Guitars, bass and drums that make them recognizable among hundreds of others. The song is very fast-paced, pretty trashy actually. "The Executioner" is next, another trashy one, actually a bit faster than "The Howling". The title track, "Witchburner" closes the deal, starting on some raw, heavy guitar work - just great. The song quickly builds up some speed to become almost as trashy as the preceding songs.
This EP is really a joy to listen to. The only thing I regret is that they did not include the lyrics for the last three songs (they're on the web site), although there is some... hmmm... visual compensation when you take the CD out of the case :).
Over the last few months I have gotten many requests from readers to include more simple meals and recipes. Easy kid-friendly dinners are on the way, but for now let’s start with lunch. I’ve always sort of overlooked this middle-of-the-day meal but I’ve been recently been challenging myself to get more creative. I am a… read more
I'm a mother of two girls and a boy, a wife, a friend, a daughter and a sister. I live in CT, founded Pless Productions, and passionately run the Little Wings Foundation.
Who knew that certain women have an excess of a certain enzyme in their breast milk that makes it un-freezable?!? I thought something was awry when I realized my baby was making a “bitter beer” face when we offered him a warmed bottle of previously frozen breast milk. I then tasted the milk myself (yes… read more
People at MIT like to know how things work, especially when those things are big and complicated — and happening right outside their windows. MIT.nano, a new construction project in the center of campus, is among the most complex and ambitious capital projects in Institute history. “I see guys with overalls and hard hats, rain or shine, moving things around with heavy equipment,” says Ike Feitler, a technical instructor and lab manager for the Department of Materials Science and Engineering. “I want to understand better what they’re doing.”
In a Building 4 conference room overlooking the construction site, staff from the Department of Facilities and their partners on MIT.nano, a nanoscale characterization and fabrication facility due to open in June 2018, are doing just that. Feitler was among the standing-room-only crowd for a lunchtime “tool talk” on July 23, the second in a series detailing the latest phase of the construction on the project. “This is day 289 out of 1,000 working days of MIT.nano,” declared Richard Amster, director of campus construction. “We have finished the enabling phase and begun the actual building project. … So here we go.”
A slurry wall is taking shape for MIT.nano, a 200,000-square-foot center for nanoscience and nanotechnology located at the heart of campus.
The building of MIT.nano is not starting with a hole in the ground, explained representatives from the engineering firm Haley & Aldrich and general contractor Turner Construction; it’s starting with an underground wall built in a very special way. For the next two months, crews will excavate and construct a reinforced concrete wall that drops 45 to 50 feet below the surface of the ground (and more than 100 feet in one location to support the crane that will be used during construction). The wall, which establishes the perimeter of the structure and will ultimately serve as a component in its foundation system, goes in before excavation even starts.
In a presentation dubbed “Slurry Walls 101,” Mark Haley described in detail the process of build a wall inside the ground. They begin by digging shallow trenches that delineate the footprint of the building, he explained. These trenches are then fitted with forms that are filled with concrete to create temporary guide walls that define the precise location of what will become MIT.nano’s permanent, below-grade walls and foundation. A crane then lowers a nine-foot long clam-shell excavating bucket between the guide walls and slowly begins digging. As it progresses, and to prevent the walls of these excavations from collapsing inward, workers pipe in slurry, a thick solution made of bentonite and water that stabilizes the walls of the trench. They also lower water-stop “caps” that define the ends of the sections they are working on; the caps are specially shaped to make the seams between the sections of the wall seal properly.
Once the clamshell digs to the desired depth, a 45-to-50-foot steel cage of reinforced steel is lowered into the excavated, slurry-filled trench. Now, said Haley, “you’re ready to tremie.” This is construction-speak for lowering pipes to the bottom of the excavation so they can pump in the concrete that will set to form the walls. Because the concrete is denser than the slurry, it displaces the slurry up and out of the excavation, where it’s pumped off and reused on the next panel.
The slurry wall excavation process generates an incredible mess of sludge, mud, rocks, and other debris. In the center of this bog-like environment the contractors must very carefully assemble the reinforced steel cages that will serve as the internal skeletons for the walls. Each steel cage is planned and assembled very precisely, so that construction crews can later cut holes in the concrete to bring in chilled water and other utilities without compromising the strength of the walls. When the 50-foot tall cages are lowered into the hole, they must be sized and aligned perfectly. “When you flip that cage up in the air and set it down between the guide walls,” says Peter Johnson of Turner Construction, “the tolerance is one and a half vertical inches.”
Altogether, MIT.nano will require 41 panels, each reinforced at the corners and waterproofed at the joints. The total installation will take about two months, with roughly one panel completed each day. “You’ll see the excavating crane hopping around apparently randomly around the site,” Johnson said. “This is because we can’t excavate next to one panel until it has time to set, which takes a few days.”
Eager for additional details about both the construction process and its potential campus impacts, audience members peppered the speakers with questions:
A: Approximately 4,000 thousand cubic yards. A truck will arrive from Boston Sand and Gravel every 25 minutes. “From the time it’s mixed, we’ve got 90 minutes to get it in the hole,” Haley said.
A: There might be some vibration, but excavating in campus soil should be relatively smooth. MIT chose the slurry wall technique for MIT.nano specifically because it is produces the least vibration and is dramatically quieter than the alternatives, Amster says. Driving plates of heavy-gauge steel into the ground and erecting the walls after excavation would have been dramatically more disruptive.
A: Workers found pipes containing mercury (“common in old college labs,” said Haley) and these were specially handled and disposed of as contaminated material. Some of the 1,200 wood pilings that served as the foundation for the former Building 12 have also been removed, and will continue to emerge during mass excavation.
In closing, Amster reminded everyone that while activity on the construction site would be difficult to ignore given its central campus location, the spot was chosen deliberately for its isolation from electromagnetic interference, vibration, and its proximity to the wide range of departments engaged in nanotechnology research. “We’re in the right location; now we have to go through this,” he said.
The next phase of construction on MIT.nano, general excavation, starts in late October and will run through December 2015 / January 2016. The Department of Facilities plans to offer another Tool Talk on the topic of excavation in late October.
To receive regular updates on the campus construction process, and for an invitation to the next Tool Talk, send a subscription request to mitnano-info@mit.edu.
Topics: MIT.nano, School of Engineering, School of Science, Nanoscience and nanotechnology, Facilities, Campus buildings and architecture, Building, Construction, Community, Special events and guest speakers
We have different type of lipo battery for your device or project. From 10C to 60C with different working/discharge rate, capacity from 300mAh~20000mAh per cell .
Please contact with us ensure the battery /battery pack max.size and working data, then we help you ensure the best solution for power batteries.
Shop Cheap Baseball Jerseys From China, We Are Your One-Stop Shop For Elite MLB Baseball Uniforms. 100% Authentic Stitched Baseball Teams MLB Jerseys Wholesale Save up to 75% Off With free shipping!
﻿ Kids Ryan Cook Jersey Finally, we can bring this all back to baseball. Goodness knows, when it comes to Matt Harvey Jersey and the New York Mets Jersey, that has been easier said than done. However, for the first … Continue reading →
﻿ Adam Lind Jersey #26 Sure, the Mets have a long and dubious history with medical issues, and yes, the relationship between certain players and the team has seemed odd — co-dependent, rather than the typical employer-employee dynamic. But the … Continue reading →
I have had a lot to learn about the ponies living on Dartmoor - I thought, probably like many people that there was just one type living feral there, but there are actually several different types. Here is an overview:
Dartmoor was designated a National Park in 1951, but there have been ponies there a lot longer. Ponies help to give Dartmoor its unique character and are one of the attractions for visitors to the area. They are an integral part of the moorland landscape and are a part of the area’s cultural heritage. Ponies are also important for conservation grazing particularly on certain habitats such as wet permanent pasture.
There are many ponies living feral on the moors, but there are several different types - it's quite confusing !
Firstly, there is the pedigree Dartmoor pony - this is the true to type Dartmoor Pony with known breeding and is recognised as a vulnerable breed by the Rare breeds society . These are the Dartmoor pony breed that you will see being shown at pony shows. They are represented by the Dartmoor pony society, have a strict breed standard, and are bred selectively, so that they have become more refined ! You will not see many of these running free on the moors.
Secondly, are the ones you will see most often - these are known as Dartmoor hill ponies. Only a pony that has been bred on the commons of Dartmoor, by a registered Commoner, and whose sire and dam run on the Commons, is a Dartmoor Hill Pony.
There are many variations of colour and type of Dartmoor hill pony, but they are all hardy and can survive on the moors all year round. There are some that are Small and round like Shetland types, there is the coloured type, spotty type and the classic Dartmoor type.
Third, there is the Heritage Dartmoor pony. This is where certain unregistered, but true to type Hill Ponies are given Heritage Trust List (HTL) status. HTL status was granted several years ago to The Dartmoor Heritage Trust, a charity not connected with the Dartmoor Pony Society, to allow farmers on Dartmoor to obtain payments to assist them to retain their unregistered but true to type herds on the Moor.
They remain unregistered, but can if approved and they meet certain criteria enter the Dartmoor Pony Society/Duchy of Cornwall Upgrading Scheme. This is where several generations of Heritage pony are bred with a pure bred stallion, and if they pass inspection they can become registered as a pedigree Dartmoor !
After scrabbling through lots of gorse and bracken I found these two young ponies, along with a mare and foal - they belong to Lowertown farm. The one on the right is a pedigree Dartmoor, and the one on the left is a pedigree X heritage pony.
More to come about the lovely Dartmoor and Hill ponies in the next few blogs, so be sure to check back.
I am a photographer, and my favourite subjects are animals - especially horses. if you would like me to take your animals portrait please contact me. Or you can just buy a print instead !
You have specific, precise requirements for the first aid kits you need. This ensures that proper first response care will be available on demand. We can work with you to build & refill your kits to your specifications. You also have options with regard to custom artwork & packaging/wrapping solutions.
If a kit is in need of a refill, we can help you no matter what your policy is. Whether you need us to send you individual component refills or require us to service the kits complete with re-wrap, we've got you covered.
Throughout the process - from bid to shipping - we excel at customer service. Our experience over decades of working with government, military & municipal agencies has given us expertise in working efficiently to the benefit of our clients. Indeed, we (as our parent company SZY Holdings) have recently won the DLA Business Alliance Award for superior product quality, on-time delivery, exemplary customer service, reliability, dependability, consistency and accuracy. You can count on us to get your kits to the appropriate facility or distribution center on time and efficiently.
Thank you. We will contact you as soon as possible. for more information contact us at info@erfirstaid.com or (800) 347-3494.
I would like to learn more about the 2007 CHRYSLER ASPEN LIMITED EDITION that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2015 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2012 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2017 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2018 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2016 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2010 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2011 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2007 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2013 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2019 MAZDA CX-9 TOURING that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2019 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2011 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2007 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-2 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2013 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2016 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2012 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2018 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2017 GMC ACADIA LIMITED SLT SLT-2 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2013 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-2 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2008 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-2 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2017 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2016 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-2 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2015 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2014 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2009 GMC ACADIA SLT SLT-1 that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2015 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2016 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2018 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2012 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2014 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
I would like to learn more about the 2013 BMW X5 XDRIVE35I that you have in your inventory. Please contact me as soon as you can.
2 cups rice into 1& 1/4 cups water soak for about 30 mins with a pinch of salt. Place it into the rice cooker till done.
Government has rolled out the social cash transfer programme in Kasungu which has earmarked 17 000 households in the district to benefit over a period of four years.
Speaking during the launch of the programme in the district on Thursday, Minister of Gender, Community Development and Social Welfare, Dr Jean Kalirani, said the families have been targeted basing on their level of poverty.
“After the Universal Beneficiary Registration [UBR], the households that were ultra-poor were identified to be part of the social cash transfer in order for them to find food and be able to send children to school and buy them required materials,
benefitted a lot by building houses roofed with iron sheets, buying livestock, starting small businesses and joining Village Savings and Loans [VSLs] groups,” said Kalirani.
“There are many who could have qualified for this programme but you are the ones who were chosen so you should make use of this so that at the end of the four years you should be economically independent,” said the Minister.
The minister also warned traditional leaders and beneficiaries that the money given to the households was not for sharing but to benefit the poor households and that the beneficiaries should not use the money for booze.
One of the beneficiaries, Satuwelo Makalani Banda, who is HIV positive, thanked government for the programme saying it will help improve people’s livelihoods.
“There are a lot of problems in the villages and people, like children and the elderly, are suffering a lot. What has been done will help us a lot,” said Makalani.
The Malawi Social Cash Transfer Programme was designed to alleviate poverty, reduce malnutrition and improve school enrolment by delivering regular and reliable cash transfer to the ultra-poor households that are labour constrained.
A day later Kalilani visited Ntchisi where she assured targeted beneficiaries of the Social Cash Transfer Scheme in Ntchisi district that they will soon start receiving their money.
She was speaking at a meeting held at Malomo Rural Growth Centre in Traditional Authority Chilooko’s area which drew together targeted beneficiaries from Kanyulunyulu Cluster in the district.
“You need not lose hope as you will soon start getting your money most likely during the month of August and the good thing is
that the money will be paid in arrears from April this year,” said the minister attracting applause from the registered beneficiaries and other people.
Executive Director for the National Local Government Finance Committee, Charles Mandala said all the preparatory work such as registration and verification of beneficiaries has been completed and beneficiaries will be accessing it soon.
Chief Chilooko expressed gratitude to government for initiating the program which he described as important in uplifting people’s livelihoods.
“We had a dry spell this year which has resulted in most households having inadequate food. With the money people will receive under the program, they will be able to buy food among other basic needs,” said Chilooko.
Alineti Chithyola Tembo from Kavulala Village who is among the targeted beneficiaries said she is looking forward to receiving the money as it will enable her provide food for her family and be able to pay school fees for her children.
“I am a widow and I struggle to provide basic needs for my four children single handedly. Through this program, my family’s living standards will be improved,” she said.
The Malawi Government introduced the Social Cash Transfer Scheme locally known as Mtukula Pakhomo in 2006 on a pilot phase in Mchinji district.
Under the program which is now rolling out in all the 28 districts, cash is transferred to ultra poor and vulnerable households.
The amounts vary depending on household size and the number of children of both primary and secondary school going age.
Kalilani Storms Kasungu, Ntchisi With Social Cash Transfer Gospel, 17 000 Households To Benefit In Kasungu Alone added by Vincent Khonje & Pauline Kaunde on July 15, 2018
Guest Houses MALDIVES MALDIVES [*] Stars Guest Houses Asseyri inn MALDIVES 1 Star Guest Houses New point inn Palm view tourist guest house Guesthouse palm villa Huvadhumaa inn Reveries diving village MALDIVES 2 Stars Guest Houses Dhigurah inn Just surf villa Charming holiday lodge Shadow palm Cowry beach house Yellow shine inn Island relaxing Askani villa Kethi lodge Kaani beach Elite inn The park house Summer villa guest house Rip tide vacation inn Ui hotel Kuri inn guest house Dhaffalhu tourist lodge MALDIVES 3 Stars Guest Houses Arena lodge
The Matterhorn, is the most-photographed mountain in the world. It is myth and emblem for Alpinists and photographers alike, as well as Switzerland’s most famous landmark and symbol.
The Matterhorn has a magic attraction, both for day-trippers who love the view and for Alpinists who love a challenge and dream of climbing the peak of the Matterhorn at least once in their lives. The most popular ascent route is the Hörnligrat.
Thanks to its shape and its free-standing position, the Matterhorn is considered to be the epitome of a mountain. There is no better-known mountain in the world whose natural shape is so close to a pyramid. 100 million years ago, enormous forces brought Africa closer to Europe. 50 million years later, as the rock masses folded and deformed, the Matterhorn was born from the rock thrusting upwards.
The Hörnli hut, the base camp of the Matterhorn, is the focal point of activity at the foot of the Matterhorn Peak and one of the key sites in the history of alpinism. Visitors from all over the world spend the night here before scaling the Matterhorn.
Nestling in a picturesque mountain village near to the famous Glacier Express panorama train, the Matterhorn Golf Hotel, Randa offers the perfect escape into rural idyll. Ideal for Nordic skiing and summer trekking, this competitively priced Zermatt accommodation treats visitors to the wonderful natural beauty of this Swiss region. The Matterhorn Ski Paradise in Wallis
Hotel with 34 beds, very convenient for families. Excellent hospitality for happy holidays. Quiet and sunny situation. Excellent cuisine. Paradise for hikers. Golf course. Perfect for ski trips to Zermatt. Return-Transfer to Zermatt, only 15 minuts, by taxi, shuttle-bus, shuttle-train. Hotel parking
World record! The Charles Kuonen Suspension Bridge in Randa, Valais is the longest pedestrian suspension bridge in the world.
An individual trading account is usually managed by the signals of just one Service provider at a time. We've got intentionally banned using many signals on one account to guard traders from sudden losses.
HaasBot supports completely programmable script bots, that are composed in C#. This allows you to use our framework and produce totally personalized bots that work accurately how you need them to!
These elements can at some point be gathered in one script for submitting the data in a person-described structure.
Get have to be triggered quickly thru my sharekhan trade tiger terminal with progress alternative through excel for following
Reply July 21, 2016 Stanly T V I'm considering Intraday fairness (Funds) trading, which happens to be the connection to down load the amibroker trading system, the connection revealed in This website cannot be downloadable
It truly is up on the tester to post Those people settings in the Forum. All you need to do is question the tester And that i am confident that the location will likely be shared.
All EAs include two licences, to be able to make use of the EAs on nearly two computer systems. If you want additional licences they can be purchased from EAFactory
The Weighted shifting average is calculated by averaging The present benefit along with the prior values about the supplied period of time with each other.
How to choose that just one scrip is it possible to tell me? Or can you highlight one particular confident scrip for the blokes like me? I would not have revenue to trade all scrips nor manpower. I want just one. Though the a person I select should give me atleast 0.five% earnings.
The accomplishment of our shoppers proves that it is among the best and most comprehensive trading systems available today. However, you also have to recognize that the amount good results you should have with it relies upon also on you. Should you: Adhere to the system principles
Use our best follow guidelines Then you're going to be in excess of amazed by what can be done using this type of system. On the forex trading system flip side, In case you are unable to manage oneself, constantly violate the system rules, double down or perhaps worse, double down without the need of working with any quit decline, you won't have Substantially results with any system. But Probably you presently are aware that. one hundred%
It is crucial to keep abreast of forex daily ordinary ranges when trading, so as to gauge volatility in the Forex Sector. Need to the pairs not meet approximated ranges then you will not be hitting your gains and reduced targets should be build.
With this lesson we’re likely to debate what a pip is And just how the worth is calculated. I’m intending to try not go too considerably in depth on the topic simply because, effectively, frankly it’s somewhat uninteresting. Additionally your broker will work most of this out for you. But it really’s normally excellent to learn the basics.
0. The application does all the analytic give you the results you want and provides you with information regarding superior probability trading setups. This provides you the chance to target what’s definitely important. Picking setups with the ideal risk/reward ratio and make informed trading decisions This can be. Click on in the screenshots below to learn more.
An essay writing competition was organized on the topic ‘THINK, EAT, SAVE’ in connection with the celebration of World Environment Day. The competition was open to all the students of the College. The essays were scrutinized and the three best entries were selected. Aswathy PG of IInd year Zoology won the first prize, Arun VV of IIIrd year Zoology won the second and Shine Thomas of IIIrd year Mathematics won the third prize. Cash prize of Rs 500 for first prize and Rs 300 each for second and third prizes were given away by the Faculty-in-charge, Dr AR Sudha Devi.
The BMC members had an interaction with Ms. Anilitty (M Sc student, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehra Dun), an alumnus of our college on 07.08.2013, in the Biological Techniques lab. She spoke on ‘The Lifecycle of Dragonflies’.
A talk show on ‘Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP)’, popularly known as “Madhav Gadgil Report”, was conducted on 21.08.2013 for the members of the BMC. The resource person, Mr Sudheesh is associated with the Kerala State Biodiversity Board.
A talk by Sri Manuel PJ on ‘Importance of Medicinal Plants’ was held on 24.08.2013, for the BMC members. He spoke on the importance of medicinal plants, their use in nearly all cultures to prevent or treat illness.
A talk show by Mr Remith M, Field Officer, Wildlife Trust of India, on ‘Biodiversity Loss in Western Ghats: Concerns and Actions’ on 31.08.2013 for the BMC members.
A talk by Sr. Innocent on ‘Importance of Good Health’ was conducted on 7.9.2013 for the BMC members. She spoke about the importance of health in personal life, value of healtheducation and some home remedies for common health problems. Sr. Innocent is associated with the Wayanad Social Service Society and also the health co-ordinator of ‘Janasoukya’.
East Coast Favourites Earthbound Trio, Nausikaa and Wobble Wallah to play New Brunswick Permaculture Festival June 2-4 - Giv'er Saint John
East Coast Favourites Earthbound Trio, Nausikaa and Wobble Wallah to play New Brunswick Permaculture Festival June 2-4
From folk to world bass to a country barn dance, only in New Brunswick would one find such an eclectic and strangely complementary line up. And only in New Brunswick will such a line up be connected to fermenting food, growing food forests, and learning about excavators.
The Praxis Project Permaculture Festival June 2-4 in Knowlesville, NB announced on Earth Day that the Friday June 2nd line up features Earthbound Trio and beatbox poet Blank Space. On Saturday June 3, fresh from mixing and fire-spinning for adoring crowds in Goa, Halifax’s Nausikaa and Wobble Wallah bring their circus-inspired approach to electronic music and performance. MKW brings a DJ set to round out the roster. On Sunday June 4, Knowlesville, cherished local musicians and community members present a Country Dance early in the evening.
The Festival is an intimate annual transformational gathering taking place each June for the next 5 years. Nestled in the foothills of the Appalachian range, the 3 full days of programming includes music, in-depth skill-building workshops, and permaculture-inspired curriculum. The site becomes a permaculture living lab June 2 – 4th. Art installations by Ontario artist Patrick Connor and other celebrations of life characterize the Collective’s intentions for this multi-year effort.
“The Praxis Project is an opportunity to learn and transform that is both personal and cultural, fuelled by healthy food and meaningful conversation.” explains Founder and Collective Member Alex Murray. “We are offering the opportunity for participants to connect deeply with the natural world and with the friends they haven’t met yet”. Each year, workshop participants can return to the land and watch the progress of a budding food forest they helped create.
A first of its kind in New Brunswick, the cost of a ticket includes an annual membership to the Praxis Project, and a fully catered 3 days of delicious, healthy vegetarian / vegan meals created with locally grown ingredients and on-site camping. Membership gives access to workshop options including building skills in heavy machinery, permaculture, mycelium, fermentation, and yoga in addition to the evening programming announced on Earth Day.
This is a syndicated post. You can view the original post here: East Coast Favourites Earthbound Trio, Nausikaa and Wobble Wallah to play New Brunswick Permaculture Festival June 2-4.
Mi Abaga, who is known to be very Vocal, In new song off his 15-track album, Rendezvous, accused Malaysian-based-Nigerian Big boy – Hushpuppi of engaging in criminal activities (“you stole money”), and daring to feuding with celebrities with stolen wealth (“you dissing big guys who got real money”).
However, Hushpuppi has reacted to the diss, and he took to his Instagram account to share a throwback photo and called out Mi and his former label mate Ice Prince.
Hushpuppi claimed he was bigger than the award winning rapper and said that Mi will be able to wear Gucci one day
It’s not every time somebody says something about u that u have to jump at them, sometimes just look at the situation and say thank God. This is a very old pic of me taken at Pedro where M.I and d rest used to live by adaranijo market. Let me share a quick motivational story with y’all. I remember vividly the day Ice prince was going to Malaysia to perform, he was rushing to the airport in a Toyota Camry eating noodles, they stopped to buy water and I was the one who sold Eva water to them that day and I hailed him, I saw the poster of him going to malaysia on the net and then I had my malaysia visa and was still looking for money for ticket. The same malaysia he was paid to go and perform was where I was struggling for money for ticket to go and hustle but glory be to God today him and his “big dawg” need my name on their record to make sales, they need to talk about me to get attention, in a situation like that I’m just supposed to go to church and say THANK YOU GOD. Like uncle M.I said to kelly handsome when he was in his prime, Why should I diss em and give them cheap promotion? The same line I’m using to you today while I’m in my prime and see u as a nobody too 藍藍藍, but M.I I want u to have faith and hope and be motivated by my story, you too can make it and be big like me. Don’t be frustrated and start misbehaving just yet, hope still dey front for pikin wey no lose hope 藍藍藍. U see say we wey dey wear real Patek sef start from Gshock 藍藍藍, no worry u go wear Gucci one day
Kim Jong-un’s sister becomes first in family to step foot on South Korean soil as she attends the Winter Olympics
Course description: The course will cover all aspects of RF in MRI. The course can be divided in four parts:
To generate RF fields with an RF coil or antenna, the coil or antenna needs to be driven with high power (~kw) RF signals. In the receive phase of the MRI sequence, the spins in the tissue will emit signals that will be detected by the RF coil. The coil will transform these signals into electrical RF signals and sent them to the ADC. The course will give an in-depth treatment of the generation and transportation of these signals. For this purpose, the following concepts will be covered: impedance calculations, RF amplifier classes, transmission lines, Smith Chart, scatter matrices, transmit-receive switches. (2 lectures)
The second part focuses on the coil or antenna. The most-often used types will be covered (loop coil, birdcage coil, dipole antenna and arrays). (1 lecture)
The third part will focus on the fields that are generated by the coil or antenna. The B1 field consists of B1+ en B1–, one only useful for the transmit phase, the other only useful for the receive phase of the MRI sequence. In addition, every coil or antenna also generates (or is sensitive to) electrical fields. These are responsible for energy deposition (SAR) and, in receive, noise. (2 lectures)
The third and last part will cover how relevant metrics of MRI performance can be calculated from (for example simulated) field distributions of RF antenna arrays, such as SNR, noise correlation, optimal reconstructions and g-factor distributions. (2 lectures)
Registration: register at TU/e, course code 8DM30, at least 4 weeks before the start of the course. Please note that you also have to register for the exam, information can be found here.
UU Osiris registration will be done retroactively when the results from TU/e have been received. Please also inform us that you have applied for this course by sending an email to mix@isi.uu.nl.
This website (or its third-party tools) use cookies. These cookies are necessary for it to function and are required to achieve the purposes as described in our cookie policy. If you want to know more about or withdraw your consent to all or some of these cookies, please refer to our cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking on a link or continuing to otherwise browse, you agree to the use of cookies.
I've been owned by Burmese cats and loved them in turn since I moved into my first home 30 years ago. I used to think I had a unique (or at least unusual) cat until I discovered all Burmese owners tell the same kind of stories. I was hooked.
I've spent far too many years working in advertising, mostly in direct marketing, lastly in a top ten London agency. I love what can be done with the internet, and can't help wanting to organise data and make it easy to access. You can probably see why loveBurmese came into being.
Email addresses given on this site have been 'obfuscated' using a nifty bit of software. This makes it much more difficult for 'spam bots' to harvest emails from this site.
No, not all of them. We want to make sure everyone who appears on loveBurmese is happy to be here, and that our information is as up-to-date as we can make it. We couldn't contact some of the people we found, so we can't say for sure if they are still breeding. There may be other breeders out there… so remember, 'Google is your friend'!
Well, we’ve slipped a little with this lately, so please accept our apologies if you’ve had problems with entries listed on the site. We normally send out a small survey once or twice a year to the breeders listed on loveBurmese asking them if their details have changed. If they have, we update the site right away. We check external links as often as we can, but they do change... if you find a link that has expired, please let us know.
Ahem. Geography never was a strong point. So, if we have a contact in 'south east' that should be in 'south west', well, we apologise in advance. Please feel free to drop us a line, or even send us a map.
Ooop. Sorry. Please take a look at the new entry request form and we’ll get back to you straight away.
The locations given using Google maps show the general location of the Burmese breeder, not their exact address. We spent a while learning about towns and counties, this might make it easier or quicker for you see roughly where they are.
Well, yes, we do. If you'd like to talk about having your own website, send me a message and we’ll get back to you.
Last time I went was because I spent 3 consecutive days at a trampoline park with some pals practicing snowboard tricks, then could barely get out of bed on the morning of the 4th day. This time it’s from running (I think). I was running a lot from January until the broad street run in early May. Then I took a break, still working out but not running. I started running again about a month ago and thought I was taking it slow enough. My lower back has hurt so bad for the past week that I can’t stay in one position for more than a few minutes or sleep for long periods.
This is car/motorcycle related because it’s really nice today and I wanted to ride the Grom back from lunch. The Grom can make your back hurt on it’s own so I decided against it.
Monsignor Krzysztof Charamsa comes out as Gay – in Rome and On the eve of the Catholic’s Church’s Synod on the Family
I was thrilled when I read of Monsignor Krzysztof Charamsa, who is causing worldwide controversy after he came out in Italy’s Corriere della Sera newspaper. Charasma, 43, told the paper that he was gay and had a partner during an interview published on Saturday. It might seem a tad odd that this would please me, but reading about it, and its universal impact, and the fact the news was in all the papers and all over the internet, but the news of Krzysztof Charamsa declarations brought me right back to my own time in the Catholic Church. I was a Capuchin Franciscan friar between the years of 1983 to 1989. I was a postulant in their Friary on Dublin st. Carlow (1 year), a Novice (1 year) in Kilkenny, and four years in Church Street in Dublin. The monastery in Church street is now luxury apartments and has transformed into something both reminiscent of the past (my room was directly over the main door) and yet something entirely different to its glory days. After about eight months in another Friary, I exited the Order already developing the atheism that has remained with me ever since. It was a real moment of liberation. There are few things that will more successfully, completely and absolutely reduce a persons belief system to nought than an extended period absorbing Catholic Theology and studying the Bible. After six years and a long period of soul searching I had reached the conclusion that I was wrong about the church, that I didn’t believe, that it was an illusion, and it made no sense whatever. Thank heavens for James Joyce and Arthur Schopenhauer! (But thats another story for another day.)
During my time ‘inside’, I also encountered a number of gay men, both within the Order itself and in the various colleges I attended during my years of studies. Some were friends, and at times good friends of mine. Some were not at all. It was rather extraordinary to be, sometimes at the oddest and most inappropriate of times, propositioned by them. I thought it was flattering, but as I was not gay I felt no inclination to take matters any further. I also took my vow of celibacy seriously, sometimes to my great frustration I must admit, as I fell in love a couple of times back then. All in all it was a world in denial of the reality of homosexuality in the church and the order. It was a world where gay men were deeply secretive about their sexual identity, which is not too healthy, and no doubt caused them tremendous pain over time. This was because they were living inside an institution that demanded they remain celibate while disapproving and condemning their very inner natures by their teaching. It seemed outrageous then, and it remains so now, that any group or institution should demand such a deep curtailment of a fundamental right like free self expression. It angered me so much that it led me to very deliberately choose a gay man as the lead Character in my first novel which was set in a fictitious Order in the Church. I was just so angry at all the denial and the homophobia back then. I invited as many of my old friends from the order to the book launch. It had been so long since I seen them. Sadly, none came. It had been fifteen years since I left the order by then. They had read the novel by then (Well, I hope so, as I had given some of them copies). Perhaps something of its subject matter upset them, I don’t know. But it was strange I lost such complete contact with them after that book came out.
So, in conclusion, lets hope the good Monsignor’s extraordinary bravery causes the revolution needed in the Catholic Church. My gut feeling? He will be silenced as all innovation is silenced in that oppressive institution, and he will leave the priesthood, and marry his partner. All in all he did the right thing: Krzysztof gave up hiding for love and for truth and for freedom. An awesome, life-giving, life-affirming thing to do.
This entry was posted in Appreciation and tagged Beverly Michaelis, Oregon law practice management by beverlym. Bookmark the permalink.
Oregon Peer Network (OPN) is an online community designed to enhance Peer Delivered Services (PDS) through technical assistance, training, news, and online forums focused on Mental Health & Substance Use Disorder's (SUD) & Recovery.
These population-specific enhancements supplement the core information and training provided in Certified Peer Support Specialist (PSS) and Certified Peer Recovery Mentor (CRM) Trainings.
Individuals in recovery are involved in developing every aspect of this project funded by the Oregon Health Authority’s Peer Delivered Services via a 2016 Substance Use Disorders grant.
The Oregon Peer Network (OPN) recognizes the following partnerships and collaboration efforts from each of our partners.
Oregon Peer Network by Shogren Consulting Group and Harness Media LLC is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
The white paper was read to journalists by the State Commissioner for Information, Mr. Lanre Ogunsuyi at the end of an emergency State Executive Council meeting.
The white paper was the outcome of the report of the Justice Silas Oyewole-led Judicial Commission of Inquiry, NAN reports.
The state government had set up the Commission to look into the financial transactions of the state under the Fayemi administration.
Also banned for the same length of period along with Fayemi, was his then Commissioner for Finance, Mr. Dapo Kolawole.
According to the White Paper, both Fayemi and his Commissioner for Finance, have been declared unfit to hold any public position in the state and any part of Nigeria.
“This is as a result of their refusal to appear before the Judicial Commission of Inquiry even after the determination of the case instituted by them to challenge the inauguration of the commission before the Ekiti State High Court,” the report said.
“For their disrespect to the constituted authority and the undignified roles they played in the whole contracts saga which were obviously against the interest of the state they were supposed to protect, they are banned for holding public offices for 10years.’’
They were also asked to refund various sums of money running into billions, either for failed or non-executed contracts that were allegedly paid for.
In December 2017, when the panel submitted its reports, Fayemi and others, including contractors, were asked to refund billions of misappropriated money to the state government.
Specifically, Fayemi was asked to account for of N2.75 billion allocated from the N25 billion bond obtained by his administration.
The money was for the construction of an ultra-modern market in Ado Ekiti, which was never executed.
The Commission also said that the contractor, in respect to the furnishing of the new Government House built by Fayemi, should be made to refund N324.8 million.
The panel said it found out that KITWOOD Nig. Ltd., to which the furnishing contract of more than N600 million was awarded, had no traceable address.
“The address on the letter of award was a virgin land opposite the new Central Bank along new Iyin Road, Ado Ekiti.’’
Also on the purchase of vehicles, the panel said the “claim by Coscharis Motors that it supplied 235 and/or 250 vehicles was fraudulent and fraught with so many contradictions.”
"If APC Provokes Me Again, The World Will Know What We Cooked That Got The House Burnt" — Amosun Threatens
One Dike BarukShalom Chukwudi has shared a photo of his dad who was a Biafra warlord and the gun he used in fighting the war 47 years ago.
Revealing more details, Chukwudi said: “This gun was excavated from my yard. It was used by my dad during the Biafra war. Before the fall of Mbaise in 1971, he trekked from delta state to his home town. In fear of Nigerian soldiers who move from house to house in search of Biafra materials and weapons and to kill or amputate any Biafra soldier found.
He buried his gun, and other materials in the middle of the night. After the fall of Mbaise he fled. When he came back he was unable to know were he buried his materials because of environmental change. But during building excavation, today being 14/1/2018, after 47years of burial, the gun of a Biafran gorilla warrior resurfaced and he felt once more like a gallant soldier. After awhile, he sheded tears and told the old stories which we will tell our children.
The Biafran War took place between (July 6, 1967 – January 15, 1970). It began when on May 30, 1967, late Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, a military officer and politician announced a breakaway of the Eastern Region under the new name Republic of Biafra. Nigerian forces refused the secession and the country went into war.
6. Now know I that the LORD saveth his anointed; he will hear him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand.
5. Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.
6. For he shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not inhabited.
One thing that has kept me and my family going in life, is our absolute trust and confidence in the Almighty God. The Psalmist says, some trust in Chariots, and some in Horses, but we will remember the Name of the Lord. Isn’t it an irony and self deceit to see Christians who say they trust in the Lord, while they still pledge their loyalty to some shrines, herbal homes, secret societies and cults? Many of them go about with charms and amulets, which to their belief protects them in times of danger. This is gross hypocrisy, and the Bible says, woe to such individuals.
Some trust in their parents, some trust in those in authority, some trust in their fat Bank accounts, some trust in their intellect, others trust in their beauty and outward appearances. Remember this, whatever it is that you put your trust in, outside the Almighty God, can fail you at any time, but the Almighty God, whom I serve, never fails. Hence the Bible says, blessed is that man, woman, boy or girl whose trust the Lord is.
I remembered my secondary school days. There was this young boy whose father was a car dealer. The father was so wealthy that the boy refused to be serious with his studies. Every advise to him to take his studies seriously fell on deaf ears. He had his trust in his father’s wealth. Sad enough, so many years after our secondary school, I was already a graduate and working. One faithful day, the young man ran into me, along a street in Warri, Delta State, Nigeria, looking so tattered. I did not recognize him. He introduced himself to me amidst tears, the father had died and nothing was bequeathed to him. Now he is walking the streets, begging for alms. He remembered all the advise we gave to him in school, which fell on deaf ears, and he cried the more. I felt deeply touched, and rendered the little assistance I could offer, but then it was too late, all his mates have long moved on in life.
Where is your trust, in your parents, pay package, friends, Pastors, Government, some secret cults and societies, charms, your wealth, your beauty, your intellect, your certificates, etc? Good as these may be, they can fail you at any time, but the Almighty God, Whom I serve, and His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, can never fail. He said, I will neither leave nor forsake you.
Those of you who are still serving other gods, killing innocent human beings for rituals, to get protection or wealth or to renew your covenants in the devil’s kingdom, I advise you strongly today to repent and turn from your wicked ways. Jesus is calling you to come to Him, that He might give you a new life, a hope and a future. Everything you pledge allegiance to today, will fail you, but He never fails. Confess your sins to the Almighty God, right now, ask for forgiveness and cleansing by the precious Blood of Jesus Christ. He will forgive you, no matter how terrible your sins may have been, and He will write your names in the Lamb’s Book of Life, as a Candidate for His Kingdom. However, if you choose to remain and continue in your SINFUL lives, then you stand a great DANGER, as the only option available to you, when you die or when Christ comes, is HELL FIRE!
May the Almighty God, give us understanding, and the grace to live our lives, absolutely trusting in His infallible Word, His promises and His Mighty Name, in Jesus precious Name, amen!
6 conferences attended: 33rd Degree, 4developers, GeeCON (and awesome GeeCON Train), DevDay, dotNetConf PL (online), BuildStuff
I realize this is a low number but from the other hand it was compensated with conferences and videos. Anyhow I hope to improve a little bit this time as my “to read” shelf is frighteningly long. Also “read” label doesn’t accurately show my interests. For the whole year I’ve been pursuing 3 goals:
At work I almost completely moved from old (C++/WebForms) technologies to “new” ones (ASP.NET MVC/JavaScript). I think ASP.NET MVC is the first framework I really know inside out. I had glimpses of how WebForms page cycle works and wrote whole lot of code which I don’t understand now :). This pattern repeated in the past with Java and C++/MFC framework. Now I take care more about learning both internals and the big picture. And I prefer simpler things which leads to this year’s epiphany: I fell in love with JavaScript. Although Visual Studio/R#/NCrunch is indeed very powerful combo I tend to use bare bones VIM for JavaScript (with help of tools like Karma/tin.cr). And finally I switched from SVN to git for most of the projects.
I really enjoy our company’s low key attitude and family like atmosphere. My “technical lead” role gave me a lot of fun and opportunities to pursue new ideas. But… things aren’t always bright. It was my 10th anniversary with the company and sometimes I feel burned out. Driving technical change ain’t easy. I did a lot of code reviews and whiteboard talks but gave only one longer presentation – which is a shame. I should have done more pair programming instead of reviews. Conferences and chats with other developers gave me many insights how can I improve on that field in the near future.
Our Great New System appears to be “2+ years rewrite” with overwhelming work still ahead. I wasn’t involved in the decision to go the full rewrite route but finger-pointing doesn’t help. I had some bad experience with 2 years of hacking behind the closed doors at my startup and I could add my two cents. But doing something new without looking back sounded so cool… Maybe I’m too negative. I just need to focus more on “done done” side of things. Remember: “Real artists ship”.
For me the main theme of 2013 was socializing. I’ve been to six conferences and I plan to beat this number in 2014. I met great people and had a lot of fun. Thank you guys!
Father of 2, husband, bookworm, stubborn, programmer, conference addict. Don Quixote fighting entropy. Delights in contradictions & humor. Believes in chance. Beer philosopher. Occasionally goalkeeper.
.NET 2013 ASP.NET MVC AspNetCore Async Biometry Books Boost Test Library C# C++ Career CI Code coverage Coding style Conferences constraint definitions Decoupling DependencyInjection DurableTask dynamic DynamicProxy F# FAKE Functional Programming git GitHub git scm svn IE IEnumerable integration-testing IoC JavaScript jQuery Microsoft Word MiniProfiler Monads Mono MVC Ninject NuGet Paket Presentations QUnit Quotes RAII Refactoring Reporting Resharper SQLite SSD SSL Certs TDD Tools TPL Validation VisualStudio WebForms XSLT
Demonstrators clash with the police during a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas on April 19, 2017. Clashes broke out Wednesday at massive protests against Maduro, as riot police fired tear gas to push back stone-throwing demonstrators and a young protester was shot dead. Violence erupted when thousands of opposition protesters tried to march on central Caracas, a pro-government bastion where red-clad Maduro supporters were massing for a counter-demonstration. / AFP / Juan BARRETO
Durante la marcha de este miércoles contra el presidente de Venezuela Nicolás Maduro en Caracas, ocurrieron actos violentos que causaron la muerte de tres personas, un joven de 17 años y una mujer de 23, ambos producto de un balazo en la cabeza, mientras que un militar falleció en el estado de Miranda.
Desktop Firefox Browser with Flash Player, Java, Extensions and Add-Ons; running in a cloud-hosted virtual service. Your browsing and IP address identity is hidden behind a proxy.
The native Firefox browser for iOS cannot provide a complete desktop experience with all the features listed above.
With VirtualBrowser for Firefox you can take advantage of all the customization and integrated features offered in Firefox Add-ons, Plug-ins, Toolbars and Extensions, including:
 Sync with other browsers like Microsoft Internet Explorer, Chrome and Safari by installing Add-on/Extensions like Xmarks and Lastpass
Virtual Browser comes in 2 editions Basic and premium. Both editions include these standard features:
Secure VPN          No                ▶ Yes Premium connections are encrypted, and no browsing history or cache is ever stored on your device.
- When you use VirtualBrowser for Firefox, you connect 'remotely' from your iPhone to Xform's high performance Cloud service in one of our 2 secure data centers: USA Los Angeles, California, or Europe:Sofia,Bulgaria (whichever is closer). The farther you are from these locations, the more latency/delay you may experience.
myAppWiz is the best app search and discovery platform offering tons of innovative features to help you find all of the best iPhone, iPad, Android, and Windows Phone apps.
Did some cleaning and found some Windlass daggers I forgot that I had. I got them to go with my SCA garb and since work keeps me from doing any of that I figure I don't really need them anymore. The Hammer I got to see how effective they are on plate armour(there really effective by the way).
I'm interested in the rondel dagger and the warhammer. What would the shippingcosts be to the Netherlands?
All items are now pending. I'll post if there are any changes to that. Sorry if I didn't get back to anyone, there was a lot of interest in this post.
Just few things on the war hammer. I got it to test on plate armour so it is a used weapon. I found that the brass studs and square haft were to cumbersome to use in reality. They looked cool but it's easier to get a good blow when the studs are removed and the haft shaved. Also, you may have noticed the black stuff. That was from when I spilled about a half bottle of calligraphy ink on it. I was going to stain the whole think black but I haven't been out to get any more ink since. The hammer is pending but I thought you all might want to know that.
Looking to sell off my Valiant Castile sword, Great looking but ive just been really into albion and customs lately so first reasonable offer takes her
Just the guys Mariah has dated over the years, I didn't include the rumoured ones apart from Eminem since it was so heavily publicised, thanks for watching! Please like, comment subscribe!
I'm so proud to have been given the opportunity to collaborate with Steven Mertens on the video for Runaway. It has allowed me to make something beautiful for my son -- in his honor. Early in the process, many of us agreed that Runaway would be a great song to release as a single for COWYS 2. It is a powerful song that tells the story of how Gus--aka Lil Peep--had decided to leave his apartment in LA, but he didn't want to come home to live in Long Beach, either. So, he had gone to stay in London. That was a productive and happy time for him--working with friends like Smokeasac and ILoveMakonnen.
This video tells that part of Gus's story. The story is told using many of Gus's drawings, from different periods of his life. After transforming into the wonderful "flaming-haired" character that Gus drew, himself, he flies away from LAX to London--to make music with some of his best friends.
I know you will enjoy watching it. You will see different things each time you watch. His drawings. His tattoos. His friends. The house where he really lived. And his dog, Taz, the "legend."
A method of modifying a layout of a plurality of objects in accordance with a plurality of predetermined criteria is presented. An objective function is defined for measuring a location perturbation and a separation perturbation of the objects in the layout. A linear system is defined using linear constraints in terms of design rules and the objective function to describe separations between layout objects. The linear system is solved to simultaneously remove violations of the design rules, and shapes and positions of objects in the layout are modified in accordance with the solution of the linear system such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout is reduced. A system for implementing the present invention is also presented.
1. A method of modifying a layout of a plurality of objects in accordance with a plurality of predetermined criteria comprising the steps of:
defining objective functions for measuring a location perturbation and a separation perturbation of the objects in the layout;
defining a linear system using linear constraints in terms of design rules and the objective functions to describe separations between layout objects and locations of the layout objects;
modifying shapes and positions of objects in the layout in accordance with the solution of the linear system such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout, including a combination of separation perturbation and location perturbation, is reduced.
2. The method as recited in claim 1, further comprising the step of weighting the location perturbation and the separation perturbation in accordance with predetermined criteria.
5. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein the step of defining the system of linear constraints includes the step of defining linear constraints of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules.
6. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein the objective function is a non-linear function and further comprising the step of transforming the non-linear function to a linear function by modifying the linear constraints.
introducing the design requirements into the linear system to be used to modify the shapes and positions of the objects.
8. The method as recited in claim 1, wherein the layout includes violations and further comprising the step of determining a status of the violation wherein the status is keep, remove or ignore the violation.
9. The method as recited in claim 8, further comprising the step of modifying a linear constraint in the linear system, when the status is keep the violation.
10. The method as recited in claim 9, wherein the linear constraint is of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules and further comprising the step of modifying the linear constraint to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old where X.sub.i.sup.old in an initial location of object i, and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j.
11. The method as recited in claim 8, further comprising the step of deleting a linear constraint that is violated, when the status is ignore the violation.
12. The method as recited in claim 8, further comprising the step of removing the violation by solving the linear system, when the status is remove the violation.
13. The method as recited in claim 1, further comprising the step of relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term to improve the layout, when the layout includes violations where no solution exists.
14. A method for modifying a layout of a plurality of objects to ensure compliance with a plurality of predetermined rules and design requirements comprising the steps of:
determining a weighted perturbation cost by providing a weighted objective function, the weighted objective function including a weighted separation perturbation objective function and a weighted location perturbation objective function;
creating a system of linear constraints in accordance with the design rules and the weighted perturbation cost;
modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore or keep predetermined violations of the design rules and the design requirements; and
modifying the layout to remove violations of design rules and design requirements such that a total perturbation based on a combination of separation perturbation and location perturbation of the objects in the layout is reduced.
15. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the objective function is a non-linear function and further comprising the step of transforming the non-linear function to a linear function by modifying the linear constrains.
16. The method as recited in claim 14, further comprising the step of defining the objective function for a location perturbation equal to .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i and X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i.
18. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the step of creating the system of linear constraints includes the step of defining linear constraints of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules.
19. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the step of modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore or keep predetermined violations includes the step of keeping the linear constraints by modifying the linear constraints to remove the violation.
20. The method as recited in claim 19, wherein the linear constraints are of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules and further comprising the step of modifying the linear constraints to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old where X.sub.i.sup.old in an initial location of object i, and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j.
21. The method as recited in claim 14, wherein the step of modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore or keep predetermined violations includes the step of ignoring the violation by deleting the linear constraint that is violated.
22. The method as recited in claim 14, further comprising the step of relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term to improve the layout, when the layout includes violations where no solution exists.
23. A system for modifying a layout of a plurality of objects in accordance with a plurality of predetermined criteria comprising:
objective functions for measuring a location perturbation and a separation perturbation of the objects in the layout;
a system of linear constraints in accordance with design rules and the objective functions for describing separations between layout objects and locations of the layout objects;
means for modifying shapes and positions of objects in the layout in accordance with the solution of the linear system such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout, including a combination of separation perturbation and location perturbation, is reduced.
24. The system as recited in claim 23, further comprising a weighting factor for weighting the location perturbation and the separation perturbation in accordance with predetermined criteria.
25. The system as recited in claim 23, wherein the objective function for the location perturbation is equal to .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i and X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i.
27. The system as recited in claim 23, wherein the linear constraints include X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules.
28. The system as recited in claim 23, wherein the objective function is a non-linear function transformed to a linear function by modifying the linear constraints.
29. The system as recited in claim 23, wherein the linear constraints include user defined design requirements which are introduced into the linear system to modify the shapes and positions of the objects.
30. The system as recited in claim 23, wherein the layout includes control means for addressing predetermined violations according to predefined criteria.
32. The system as recited in claim 23, further comprising means for relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term for objects in the layout where no solution exists.
The present invention relates to object layouts and, more particularly, to a system and method for correcting design rule violations for object layouts in very large scale integrated (VLSI) circuits.
Semiconductor chip layout is subject to complex rules governing, among other things, geometry of shapes on process layers. These complex rules may include, for example, width requirements, spacing requirements, overlap requirements, etc. Compliance with these rules, called design rules, is important to chip functionality and manufacturability.
Many conventional processes used to create or alter layouts can introduce design rule violations. Manual layout, for example, inevitably introduces violations due to the difficulty of satisfying a large number of complex design rules by hand. These violations are generally corrected via tedious iterations between design rule checking tool runs and manual layout modifications.
Technology migration is another process which gives rise to a very large number of design rule violations. Migration is the process which transforms layouts in one technology to a layout in a technology with different design rules. The migration process begins with a simple scaling, using commercially available programs, and is sufficient to produce a design-rule-correct layout. In many cases, however, non-scalable differences in the design rules result in the introduction of design rules violations, which must again be corrected by hand by tedious manual iteration.
To date, the only automation technology available to assist in design rule violation correction is compaction. Compaction is a technique used to minimize the area of a layout while satisfying design rules. Design rule violation correction is accomplished as a side effect of the process. The prime objective of minimizing area can cause great disruption to the layout. Critical alignments, inter-net spacing, symmetries, power, performance, etc. can be easily lost in the process. Designers generally find this degree of disruption unacceptable. Though some of the critical features may be preserved by the addition of manual constraints. Adding these constraints is another tedious, error prone process. As a consequence of these limitations, compaction has not found wide use as a design rule correction aid.
Compaction is performed as follows. Compaction includes two steps. The first step includes constraint graph generation and the second includes constrained optimization. Conventional compaction modifies a layout in one direction at a time. For simplicity, compaction is described for a horizontal direction (or x direction in Cartesian coordinates) modification. The same method applies for a vertical direction (or y direction in Cartesian coordinates).
The linear constraints are established which represent the separation between layout elements required by design rules. A constraint based optimization is performed based on a selected objective function which is subject to the system of linear constraints. In conventional compaction, the objective function is a minimum sum of all X.sub.i, where X.sub.i is a variable representing the position of an element, subject to the system of linear constraints. Conventional compaction also includes aspects, for example wire length minimization. Further details of compaction are contained in an article by Liao et al. entitled "An Algorithm to Compact a VLSI Symbolic Layout with Mixed Constraints", 20th Design Automation Conference, Miami Beach, Fla., June 1983, pp. 107-112 and an article by Lee et al. entitled "A Performance-Aimed Cell Compactor with Automatic Jogs", IEEE Transaction on Computer Aided Design, VOL. 11, No. 12, December 1992, pp. 1495-1507.
Minimizing the sum of X.sub.i 's has the effect of selecting the smallest value of X.sub.i for each edge in the design. This is equivalent to pushing all edges in the design as far to one side as possible which also minimizes area which is unacceptable. Together with a wire length objective, the conventional compaction produces more reasonable results. However, this global minimization often comes with unacceptable perturbation of the original layout.
Therefore, a need exists for a system and method for automatically correcting design rule violations with minimal disruption to the input layout. A further need exists for a system and method for automatically correcting design rule violations during technology migration.
In accordance with the present invention, a method of modifying a layout of a plurality of objects in accordance with a plurality of predetermined criteria includes the following steps. A step of defining an objective function for measuring a location perturbation and a separation perturbation of the objects in the layout is included. Defining a linear system using linear constraints in terms of design rules and the objective function to describe separations between layout objects is also included. The linear system is solved to simultaneously remove violations of the design rules and shapes and positions of objects in the layout are modified in accordance with the solution of the linear system such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout is minimized.
In alternate methods of modifying a layout, the step of weighting the location perturbation and the separation perturbation in accordance with predetermined criteria is included. The step of defining the objective function includes defining the objective function for the location perturbation equal to .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i and X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i, and defining the objective function for the separation perturbation equal to .vertline.X.sub.j -X.sub.i -(X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old).vertline. where X.sub.j is a final location of object j and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j. The step of defining the system of linear constraints may include the step of defining linear constraints of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules. The objective function may be a non-linear function which may be transformed into a linear function by modifying the linear constraints.
The method of modifying the layout may further include the steps of modifying the linear constraints in accordance with user defined design requirements and introducing the design requirements into the linear system to be used to modify the shapes and positions of the objects.
When the layout includes violations, the step of determining a status of the violation may be included wherein the status is keep, remove or ignore the violation. When the status is keep the violation, the step of modifying a linear constraint in the linear system may be included. When linear constraint is of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules, the step of modifying the linear constraint to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old where X.sub.i.sup.old in an initial location of object i, and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j may be included. If the status is ignore the violation, the step of deleting a linear constraint that is violated may be included. If the status is remove the violation, the step of removing the violation by solving the linear system is performed. When the layout includes violations where no solution exists, the step of relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term to improve the layout may be included.
Another method for modifying a layout of a plurality of objects to ensure compliance with a plurality of predetermined rules and design requirements includes determining a weighted perturbation cost, creating a system of linear constraints in accordance with the design rules and the weighted perturbation cost, modifying the system of linear constraints to reflect the design requirements, modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore and keep predetermined violations of the design rules and the design requirements and modifying the layout to remove violations of design rules and design requirements such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout is minimized.
In alternate methods of modifying the layout, the step of determining a weighted perturbation cost may include the step of weighting the perturbation cost in accordance with a weighted objective function. The objective function may be a non-linear function and the step of transforming the non-linear function to an equivalent linear function by modifying the linear constraints may be included. The objective function may include a location perturbation equal to .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i and X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i, and/or an objective function for a separation perturbation equal to .vertline.X.sub.j -X.sub.i -(X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old).vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i, X.sub.i.sup.old in an initial location of object i, X.sub.j is a final location of object j and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j. The step of creating the system of linear constraints may include the step of defining linear constraints of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules.
In still other methods, the step of modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore and keep predetermined violations includes the step of keeping the linear constraints by modifying the linear constraints to remove the violation. When the linear constraints are kept and of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules, the step of modifying the linear constraints to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old where X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i, and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j may be included. The step of modifying the system of linear constraints to ignore and keep predetermined violations may include the step of ignoring the violation by deleting the linear constraint that is violated. When the layout includes violations where no solution exists, the step of relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term to improve the layout may be included.
A system for modifying a layout of a plurality of objects in accordance with a plurality of predetermined criteria includes an objective function for measuring a location perturbation and a separation perturbation of the objects in the layout. A system of linear constraints in accordance with design rules and the objective function describes separations between layout objects. Means for solving the linear system and means for modifying shapes and positions of objects in the layout to simultaneously remove violations of the design rules in accordance with the solution of the linear system such that a total perturbation of the objects in the layout is reduced are also included.
In alternate embodiments of the system, a weighting factor for weighting the location perturbation in accordance with predetermined criteria is preferred. The objective function for the location perturbation may be equal to .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i and X.sub.i.sup.old is an initial location of object i. The objective function for the separation perturbation may be equal to .vertline.X.sub.j -X.sub.i -(X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old).vertline. where X.sub.i is a final location of object i, X.sub.i.sup.old in an initial location of object i, X.sub.j is a final location of object j and X.sub.j.sup.old is an initial location of object j. The linear constraints may include X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij where X.sub.j is a final location of object j, X.sub.i is a final location of object i and d.sub.ij is a relative distance between i and j as defined by design rules. The objective function may be a non-linear function transformed to a linear function by modifying the linear constraints. The linear constraints may include user defined design requirements which are introduced into the linear system to modify the shapes and positions of the objects. The layout may also include control means for addressing predetermined violations according to predefined criteria. The means for modifying may include a processor, and the means for modifying may also include a processor. The system may further include means for relaxing constraints in accordance with a penalty term for objects in the layout where no solution exists.
These and other objects, features and advantages of the present invention will become apparent from the following detailed description of illustrative embodiments thereof, which is to be read in connection with the accompanying drawings.
The invention will be described in detail in the following description of preferred embodiments with reference to the following figures wherein:
FIG. 5 is a schematic diagram showing a layout after location perturbation in accordance with the present invention;
FIG. 6 is a schematic diagram showing a layout after separation perturbation in accordance with the present invention;
FIG. 7 is a flow/block diagram showing a method/system in accordance with the present invention; and
The present invention relates to object layouts and, more particularly, to a system and method for correcting design rule violations for object layouts. In a particularly useful embodiment, the system and method of the present invention are applied to layouts of VLSI circuits. The present invention modifies the formulation of the compaction problem to enable use as a design rule correction aid. The modifications include using the invention to automatically provide design assistance in an object layout. The automatic application of the present invention implies little or no interaction by a user once the input criteria is established and entered into the system. The present invention applies the concept of minimum location perturbation as described in U.S. Pat. No. 5,535,134 to Cohn and Heng (Cohn et al.) which is incorporated herein by reference. Cohn et al. creates a violation which is interactively fixed. The formulation in Cohn et al. is only suitable for interactive, sequential type violation removal. The present invention also includes a concept of minimum separation perturbation to the problem of shapes modification. The area minimization objective of compaction of standard shapes is replaced with a new cost function which seeks to minimize the perturbation of the original layout. The invention further includes the ability of compaction to identify and correct design rule violations. As a result, a method of the present invention significantly reduces the amount of layout modifications to correct all design rule violations. This closely models the approach used in manual design rule violation correction, but is much less error prone and far faster. The present invention corrects design violations simultaneously, allowing a more optimal result than sequential manual correction or sequential application of a single error removal method as described in Cohn et al. In addition, a control mechanism is provided that augments constraint based compaction. The control mechanism uses a simple procedural interface to specify design requirements that are described by the design rules.
For purposes of this disclosure, a layout includes a collection of polygons or two-dimensional objects within an assigned layer. A layout element is an edge of a polygon. A layout element may be an instance of an object such as a transistor or a via. During horizontal layout modification, only vertical shape edges are considered. The present disclosure will consider objects having orthogonal edges, that is, squares and rectangular layout elements. The present invention may be extended to non-orthogonal elements, but orthogonal elements will be discussed in this disclosure for simplicity.
Referring now in specific detail to the drawings in which like reference numerals identify similar or identical elements throughout the several views and initially to FIG. 1, a position of a layout element E.sub.i is represented by a variable X.sub.i. A minimum separation required by a design rule between two layout elements E.sub.i and E.sub.j is represented by a linear constraint of the form X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij. For example, a minimum spacing constraint of d units between edges E.sub.i and E.sub.j is expressed as X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d as shown in FIG. 1.
Referring to FIG. 2, an overlap constraint of d units between E.sub.i and E.sub.j can be expressed as X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d. Other constraints such as width, layer coverage, etc. can be composed in a similar fashion as described for the spacing and overlap constraints.
Referring to FIG. 3, a graphical example is shown for illustratively demonstrating the present invention. Three objects having six vertical edges are represented by X.sub.1.sup.old, X.sub.2.sup.old, X.sub.3.sup.old, X.sub.4.sup.old, X.sub.5.sup.old and X.sub.6.sup.old. In this example, a separation, d, between X.sub.3.sup.old and X.sub.5.sup.old is 4 units apart which does not satisfy the minimum design rule requirement of 6 units. Following conventional compaction, all edges are moved in one direction (left). A separation d' between X.sub.3.sup.old and X.sub.5.sup.old is spaced at 6 units apart which satisfies the minimum design rule as shown in FIG. 4. However, the separation between other edges are also squeezed to the design rule required minimum. The design rule violation has been removed, but the layout has been drastically perturbed.
The present invention provides an optimization objective function which seeks to minimize the layout perturbation while removing violations. Initial positions of the layout elements are used to define the perturbation of the layout and are used in the objective function. X.sub.i.sup.old denotes an initial position of a layout element E.sub.i. Perturbation may by categorized into two types in this illustration, a location perturbation and a separation perturbation.
A location perturbation objective function in accordance with the present invention is used to optimize the illustrative violation problem as shown in FIG. 3. The objective function is as follows:
where W.sub.i is the weight assigned to a layout element E.sub.i, wherein the weights are assigned for each design layer or element type in accordance with its importance. For example, layers that are less desired to be moved are assigned a higher weight. The size of a layout element may be represented by its weight. Larger elements (longer shape edges) may also be given higher weight.
The optimization result using the location perturbation objective function will appear as shown in FIG. 5. The result after optimization using the present invention satisfies the linear constraint X.sub.5 -X.sub.3.gtoreq.6 and the result is less disruptive than the compaction result shown in FIG. 3. Therefore, the result using location perturbation is more acceptable than conventional compaction.
In a preferred embodiment, separation perturbation is also used. Without separation perturbation, separation between X.sub.1 and X.sub.4 is widened. If separation perturbation is included in the objective function, a more desirable result may be obtained. The separation perturbation may be calculated as follows:
Referring to FIG. 6, the result of the separation perturbation is shown. The separation between X.sub.1 and X.sub.4 is preserved. The separation perturbation can be used to preserve widths of the objects and to preserve spacings between objects of the same or different layers. As can be clearly seen from FIG. 6, the present invention has removed design rule violations while minimally perturbing the initial layout. A distance c is maintained between edges X.sub.1 and X.sub.4, which is not maintained using conventional compaction.
The objective function, i.e. the absolute value function, may be transformed into a solvable system of linear constraints with a linear objective function. A nonlinear objective function may be transformed into a linear objective function by introducing additional variables and constraints to the original system of linear constraints. Details of the transformation are described in a paper by F. L. Heng et al. entitled "a VLSI Artwork Legalization Technique Based on a New Criteria of Minimum Layout Perturbation", ACM/IEEE Intl. Symp. on Physical Design, pp. 116-121, 1997, (Heng et al.).
Linear 1D minimum layout perturbation problem (LMP): Given a layout in the form of a set of edges E with locations X.sup.old, a constraint graph G(V,A), the problem is to find a set of feasible edge locations X that minimizes the weighted sum: ##EQU1##
The linear 1D minimum layout perturbation problem in practice must be solved while satisfying additional requirements:
I. The layout coordinates X.sub.i must be integers. This is a practical constraint imposed by the structure of industrial layout databases and manufacturing considerations.
II. Special consideration must be given to layouts where no feasible solution exists to the constraint graph. Producing an infeasible but improved solution is preferable.
Requirement I is handled naturally by the structure of the problem in the case of the absolute value metric. It can be shown that if all L.sub.ij and X.sub.i.sup.old are integers, then the solution of the linear 1D minimum layout perturbation with graph-based constraints also consists of integers (total unimodularity property). In the case of the eucliean metric, the problem can be made unimodular by converting the quadratic objective function into a piece-wise linear objective, such that the breaks in the objective are all at integer values.
Requirement II implies modifications to the proposed formulation. The problem of handling infeasible problems has been considered previously. It was shown that the problem of minimizing the number of infeasible constraints is NP-complete. The problem is approached by constraint relaxation and minimization of a relaxed objective. We take a similar approach. We relax the arc constraints that are not satisfied initially, such that:
A penalty is added to the cost function for the region where the original constraints are not satisfied.
We accomplish this by a further transformation of the problem. Let A.sub.e be the set of arcs in A associated with constraints that are not satisfied initially, i.e. X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old <L.sub.ij.
Define a new variable (graph node) M.sub.i for each arc A.sub.ij in A.sub.e. Let V.sub.R denotes the set of new variables M.sub.i 's. Let A.sub.R denote the set of new arcs to be added. We construct a relaxed graph, denoted G.sub.R (V.sub.R.orgate.V.sub.L.orgate.V, A-A.sub.e.orgate.A.sub.R.orgate.A.sub.L), as follows,
We also set the initial location of the relaxed vertices M.sub.i.sup.old =X.sub.i.sup.old. The minimum layout perturbation with relaxed constraints problem can now be formalized as follows:
Relaxed Linear 1D minimum layout perturbation problem (R-LMP): Given a layout in the form of a set of edges E with locations X.sup.old, with a set of layout constraints represented by a constraint graph G(V,A), and its corresponding relaxed constraint graph G.sub.R (V.sub.R.orgate.V.sub.L.orgate.V,A-A.sub.e.orgate.A.sub.R.orgate.A.sub.L), find a set of feasible edge locations X with the objective: ##EQU2##
To see that R-LMP is equivalent to a feasible LMP problem, first note that X.sub.j -M.sub.i.ltoreq.L.sub.ij, and by setting .lambda.>0, (M.sub.i -X.sub.j +L.sub.ij).multidot..lambda. is minimum at X.sub.i -M.sub.i =L.sub.ij, making the contribution of the penalty objective equal to 0. If the value .lambda. is too small, an infeasible solution could have less cost than a feasible solution. We avoid this problem by choosing .lambda. to be greater than .SIGMA.W.sub.i. This way, for each unit of violation reduction, .SIGMA.W.sub.i.multidot.(R.sub.i -L.sub.i)<.lambda.,therefore the contribution from (M.sub.i -X.sub.j +L.sub.ij).multidot..lambda. to the cost function will supersede the penalty contributed by movements of object from its existing position. When the contribution from (M.sub.i -X.sub.j +L.sub.ij).multidot..lambda. is minimized to zero, unsatisfied constraints in the initial layout are satisfied. Now consider the case when we have an infeasible LMP problem. The algorithm that solves the R-LMP problem will return a solution which is not feasible in the original problem. However, since this solution is often an improvement over the original layout, it can be further used to make manual layout changes.
The R-LMP problem can be solved by various algorithms. Fast heuristic algorithms can be used to solve this problem; unfortunately, the quality of the solution obtained from these heuristics is unpredictable. A general-purpose linear programming solver, can also be used to solve the problem exactly. However, in this case, the constraint structure of the problem can be exploited to obtain more efficient algorithms. It can be shown that the linear programming dual of this problem is a min-cost network flows problem, thus an exact polynomial time solution exists. In practice, the best solutions of this problem are obtained by exploiting the graph representation of the problem and applying the Simplex algorithm. The resulting algorithm is called the Graph-Based Simplex algorithm (GBS) or Dual Network Simplex method. Use of the present invention provides an effective aid to both manual design and technology migration.
A control mechanism may be included to augment a conventional constraint based compaction modeling input layout. A design rule specifies a minimum separation requirement between a pair of layouts elements. A linear constraint is used to describe the minimum separation requirement to enforce the design rule. The minimum separation requirement between a pair of layout elements may be different from the minimum separation requirement by the design rule, however. For example, a transistor width may need to be scaled by a predetermined percentage. This is accomplished by changing a right hand side of a linear constraint equation to the desired value after the system of linear constraints is created to represent the design rule requirements. For example, if X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij represents the minimum width requirement of the transistor, but is predetermined that the transistor needs to be scaled by 20% of its current width, then the constraint is modified to:
In addition to scaling of the design rule value based on the current separation between a pair of layout elements, violations to be removed and violations to be kept may be selectively designated. A violation is a linear constraint that is not satisfied initially. For example, the linear constraint X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij is a violation if X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old <d.sub.ij. If a violation X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij is to be kept, the linear constraint is modified to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old. If the violation X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij is to be ignored, the linear constraint is deleted. The remaining violations are violations to be removed by solving the final system of linear constraints such that perturbation is minimized in accordance with the invention.
The control mechanism can be thought of as a post processing step to the system of linear constraints that represents the design rule requirements. The various types of post processing instructions (described above) are provided to the constraint generation via simple procedural interfaces.
Conventional compaction will only give a solution to the linear system. In some cases, the linear system may not have a solution because the linear constraints are not feasible, i.e. cannot all be satisfied, for example, X.sub.1 -X.sub.2.gtoreq.1 and X.sub.1 -X.sub.2.ltoreq.0. In such cases, traditional compaction only reports that the linear system is not feasible, some methods may provide additional analysis to report subsets of constraints that are not consistent. The layout is not modified, however. The present invention provides a feature that "relaxes" the constraints and urges the layout toward an improved solution (i.e with fewer violations) so that further problems may be identified by designers.
Layout constraint relaxation in accordance with he present invention includes handling layouts where no solution exists to all the layouts constraints. Layout constraint relaxation has an additional benefit of providing a very efficient method of computing a starting solution to the problem. A constraint X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij is given, however a layout is such that an actual distance is less than the that allow by the constraint. Using layout constraint relaxation, a penalty, (X.sub.j -X.sub.i -d.sub.ij).multidot..lambda., is introduced for the layout constraint violation. The penalty is such that when the constraint is satisfied the penalty is equal to zero. The present invention therefore adds a penalty term of the larger of (X.sub.j -X.sub.i -d.sub.ij).multidot..lambda. or zero to the total minimum perturbation objective function. As a result, the present invention turns the initial layout into an initial solution that satisfies all the layout constraints. Those constraints that cannot be satisfied are transferred into the objective function as penalty terms, and violations are urged toward a best possible placement location. Heng. et al. describes this technique in greater detail.
Referring now in specific detail to the drawings, it should be understood that the elements shown in FIGS. 7 and 8 may be implemented in various forms of hardware, software or combinations thereof. Preferably, these elements are implemented in software on one or more appropriately programmed general purpose digital computers having a processor and memory and put/output interfaces. Referring now to FIG. 7, a block/flow diagram is shown for the present invention. A layout of a plurality of objects having predefined positions for at least one layer (and often a plurality of layers) is input from block 100 into block 102. Design rules are input to block 102 form block 104.
In block 102, a system of linear constraints, which describes separations between layout elements on the same or different layers based on design rules, are formulated to be solved. An example of a constraint is X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij.
In block 106, the linear constraints are also modified according to design requirements and violation status criteria by a control mechanism in block 108. If other specifications exist in addition to or replacing design rules than the additional requirements are input to block 106. If other specifications exist as determined by designers, block 106 modifies the linear constraints to accommodate the new constraints. Other specifications may include added design requirements, for example a scaling factor to be added to an object in the layout to achieve a desired property or spacing characteristic. A design rule may specify a minimum separation between a pair of elements which is described in a linear constraint relationship. However, the separation requirement, due to the specification or design requirement, between the pair of objects may be different from the separation required by the design rule. A scaling factor may be added to the linear constraint to provide for the specification change. If, for example, a transistor width needs to be scaled a predetermined percentage of, say 20%, the constraint may be modified to
The system of linear constraints may be modified in accordance with the design requirement. This may be implemented through a computer and assigned variables to the linear constraints.
A violation is a linear constraint that is not satisfied initially, for example the linear constraint X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij is in violation if X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old <d.sub.ij. Some violations may not be desirable and others may not pose any issues. The present invention provides a method of keeping, removing or ignoring conditions according to predetermined criteria which are normally in violation of the linear constraints. The designer layout determines which violations are acceptable and which are not. In block 106, if a violation is to be kept, for example X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.d.sub.ij, the linear constraint may be modified to remove the violation. In the present example, the linear constraint may be modified to X.sub.j -X.sub.i.gtoreq.X.sub.j.sup.old -X.sub.i.sup.old. If a violation is to be ignored, the linear constraint is deleted. If the violation is to be removed, the violation is removed by solving the linear system in block 114 as described below.
In block 110, layout constraint relaxation is performed to relax constraints that are not feasible. A penalty term is created and the larger of (X.sub.j -X.sub.i -d.sub.ij).multidot..lambda. or zero is added to the total minimum perturbation objective function which is introduced below in block 112. Those constraints that cannot be satisfied are transferred into the objective function as penalty terms, and violations are urged toward a best possible placement location.
In block 112, an objective function is selected and defined to perform the location perturbation measurement. The objective function is preferably an absolute value function as described hereinabove which takes the form of:
Values for W.sub.i are input from block 120 to block 112. The location perturbations are preferably measured by the equation .vertline.X.sub.i -X.sub.i.sup.old.vertline..
Also in block 112, an objective function is defined for separation perturbation. In a preferred embodiment this function may take the form of:
The separation perturbation is determined in block 112 by the objective function with values for W.sub.i input from block 120 to block 112. The system of linear constraints is difficult to solve with a non-linear objective function, such as the absolute value function. Therefore, the non-linear objective function is transformed into a linear objective function by modifying the linear constraints in block 106, thereby creating a solvable linear system. The results are placed into the linear system.
In block 114, the linear system of constraints is solved to simultaneously eliminate violations in the layout. Linear programming or graph based simplex techniques may be used to solve the system. Remaining violations that cannot be resolved are reported in block 116. These violations have a starting solution applied to them by implementing the penalty term to give an improved placement of the objects involved. Further manipulation of the remaining violations may be addressed directly by the user.
The layout is modified in block 118 by implementing the solution of the linear system to provide new locations of elements in the layout. In block 118, modifications are made to the layout in accordance with the design rules after solving the system of linear constraints for the positions of the elements in the layout.
By performing the location and separation perturbations, a layout having minimized perturbation is realized. The violations are simultaneously eliminated by solving the linear system. The method is performed in a first direction, for example in the x direction, and then the method is performed in a second direction orthogonal to the first direction, for example, the y direction. A layout is output in accordance with the present invention which has significantly reduced perturbation and increased automation for the layout determination. The present invention is more versatile, much less error prone and superior to conventional compaction.
Referring to FIG. 8, a block/flow diagram is shown for a system 200 of the present invention. System 200 includes a processor 202 that accesses a memory device 204. Memory device 204 stores an application software package 206 for implementing the present invention. A user interfaces with the processor 202 through an input device 208 which may include a keyboard, a mouse, a touch screen monitor, a voice recognition system or other known input devices. A display 210 is also included to display results, prompts, user inputs, graphics, etc.
Having described preferred embodiments of a novel design rule correction system and method (which are intended to be illustrative and not limiting), it is noted that modifications and variations can be made by persons skilled in the art in light of the above teachings. It is therefore to be understood that changes may be made in the particular embodiments of the invention disclosed which are within the scope and spirit of the invention as outlined by the appended claims. Having thus described the invention with the details and particularity required by the patent laws, what is claimed and desired protected by Letters Patent is set forth in the appended claims.
I don't know if you noticed but your composition takes the shape of a Christmas tree in this arrangement. The poem has an excellent poetic flow to it.
I hadn't noticed the Christmas tree shape. Hhh... Anyway, thank you very much Simon, I greatly appreciate:)
Attached to every poem―well, most of them―I post here is a magnificent piece of artwork (be it a painting, a drawing, a photograph or a digital art piece). I'm blessed to have been granted free use of them by their creators and so in case you've loved one of them, please kindly, check if it is hyperlinked to the artist's website/blog/page and leave him/her a constructive compliment or buy yourself a piece. A coin spent on art is never a wasted one in any way. World is art, life is art and everything is artfully beautiful together.
I'm nowhere in your library, obviously Nowhere in your gallery A riddle that stood the test of seasons Your glorious temple bear not ...
This is ain't the end, Who knows how far it stretches How lively it aches This is for my friend whose face I'd rather forget Who...
Artwork by Dawn Hudson Not a single thing's in my possession now Not a sleep Nor a breath Eye is the moon overcast A subjectiv...
Artwork by Tamara Ward Tears shed by pen Smear heart in notebook Fear strays from the frame And appear in a stern look That s...
The Last Knight is still showing more ideas and concepts. This time we can share for you more Transformers: The Last Knight Sqweeks Concept Art By Ed Natividad.
The images surfaced via Ed Natividad’s website, following his The Last Knight Sqweeks we showed you before, and it seems Ed was working on several other materials and ideas for this movie. Today we have:
Mohawk alternative heads. Including a “Tiki Version” variant. The name “Motorhead” was also considered.
Junkpile Robot and Bigbot concept art. Two big junk robots, which may also be considered as ideas for Canopy.
You can check out the mirrored images after the jump and then share your impressions on the 2005 Boards!
There are a lot of people that can confirm the veracity of anything I've said. Tony, Joe, and others can also confirm it. Hasbro and Takara should be gearing up to confirm it relatively soon-ish too. Only reason I'm allowed to speak within reason. *sigh* Even this is moderately loosely scheduled.
Bay himself can confirm much of it too, as well as other producers, or stars. Well, "other stars" more as when they're given the okay to. But as far as I'm concerned they're open to confirming it.
It's a much more "open secret" of areas I do consult work on than people out of various businesses realize. Used to be kept quiet because of jealousy reasons from areas, or other whatever reasons, but after everything I've been through these past few years, stopped caring what they think anyway. Not that I did to begin with, but I had wanted to keep things as fair as I could in minimizing special treatment. Some other work areas took advantage of that though but that's other business stuff.
Some thought processes behind choices are things some areas in the movies can't elaborate on tbh, because it's my areas that made those choices so they wouldn't know the thought process behind those things.
The TF Movies aren't the only area I've had impacts on either, but the thread is about the movies in particular.
Well, tell me who you actually are and what you have to do with the movies and maybe I will care about what you have to say about them. Otherwise, this is fishy. How come you've been here since 2003 but only now am I seeing you apparently having insider connections to the development of the bay movies?
He's definitely a fan favorite. With nothing put to paper yet for any Bee sequels, nothing to tell sadly. Other than Hasbro and Paramount and the other creatives on the films know how much of a fan favorite he is since movie 1.
I will say the fact we've seen him in games, and referenced in Generations WFC does bode very well for more appearances in the future though, and more thought is going into expanding his backstory.
But TF6 might be a little bit still. We should know for certain if it's going forward after Bumblebee. Better Bumblebee does, higher the odds increase.
Right now it's up for debate if that's next, or if Optimus Prime is next, or if it'll be a case of "both" like TLK/Bumblebee were. Right now discussion seems to be leaning on Optimus Prime's solo movie. And there's still the animated one that's in the works too.
But a full follow up movie, if it's going to be made shouldn't be beyond 2023 for release. So at least under 5 years. That's a guesstimate though and depends on schedules and conflicts etc, and depends on if it gets the formal greenlight.
After Bumblebee and when other details get fully settled on. (As for having me "officially verified", that could be anytime between Thanksgiving and new years. I don't have exact dates on that for various reasons.)
Ditto on the future stuff. Really looking forward to what's coming up. Especially as other business things have gotten ironed out which opens up reach even more.
A lot of what you've said sounds verifiable, which is one reason I think it's true. Hopefully we hear some kind of official word soon, I'm excited (and nervous) to see what the future of the Transformers movies holds.
I guess I assumed Canopy had a proper vehicle mode, but I do think the shelter form is a pretty creative idea.
That's a whole other issue in itself on toxic areas. That's too much to get into. No one directly tied to Hasbro and areas though. More outside interlopers.
Obviously anything unconfirmed should be taken with a grain of salt, but I'm giving Deadend the benefit of the doubt because he's been around here for a long time. Generally people who spread false info are new members who are after attention. Most longtime users don't want to risk their reputation making stuff up. Also, a lot of Deadend's info is stuff that most fakers don't think about saying. A lot of insight into the decision making process and small tidbits that are pointless to fake. Most fake leaks are just stuff like "In Transformers 6 Cyclonus is going to fight Ultra Magnus".
At one time it almost was. That goes back to how bad various toxic areas were getting. Instead, those toxic areas were ousted entirely, and how the films move forward will be without input from those areas. Both Paramount and Hasbro got sick of their ignorance, and saw better options away from how those toxic tantrum areas devolved into.
A shelter. I don't think he ever got a full "real vehicle" form. Per his intent and plans, he was always intended as a kind of "mobile covering"/home for Izzy and other wayward young bots. To give them shelter both figuratively and literally. That's part of where the subway car elements came from in his concept design too, as well as a soft allusion to something else. Hence the name "Canopy" as in "to put a roof over" or "covering".
someone that mysteriously never talked about their "connections" before and in the past three days has given just enough vague information to keep some people hooked on their every word without actually giving any credible proof that they're who they claim to be or that they're telling the truth.
I've been more out of the loop on confirmation of things because of having to fire an assistant/liaison that was causing problems that I should have done ages ago when the warning signs first showed up. (Pre-the current "windlbades" so to speak, in fact they tried to warn me sooner and I should have listened. Was also a by-product of the "hollywood" climate
It sounds like TF6 will really be promising, if it happens. I've heard rumors that it's been cancelled, but those are just rumors. Let's hope they decide to give it chance.
That's a neat tidbit about Canopy, it's neat to see that they worked in subtle nods like that to the other movies. Any word on what his alternate mode was supposed to be?
I want them to go forward with TF6, but it's still in debate territory right now. Some of the material is absolutely amazing though. It's still being knit together, but the writers room brought up a lot of potential to help rework things better. So if they go forward, it's going to have a really nice tone and character focuses, much less scattered shooting from the hip as previous films were.
I've been more out of the loop on confirmation of things because of having to fire an assistant/liaison that was causing problems that I should have done ages ago when the warning signs first showed up. (Pre-the current "windlbades" so to speak, in fact they tried to warn me sooner and I should have listened. Was also a by-product of the "hollywood" climate. Working within the bounds of some of their preconceived notions has been stifling to say the least. Way too many toxic areas, and other annoyances. But Hasbro has always been supportive and was an area that wanted to buck those trends too. All that's one part of the "long story" stuff though. All this work for others, and I've still yet to really fully do the projects I personally want to do outside of a few randoms scattered throughout. Well, at least in USA. Abroad areas are far more open to anything. xD Do have to give much praise to Spielberg though and some other talents for how much they saw those toxic areas and artistic emotional beats everyone was ignoring. Even Bay himself often worked in taunts and mockery to those areas in his work because of how annoying they are. But like I said, that's a whole long almost rant like length I'll save for another day.)
That's something I'm going to have to look into later when I start reshuffling my side of things better when I'm able to. Right now waiting on other concerns that come first.
Back on Canopy also though, forgot this until someone reminded me. Part of it was budget constraints, but since budget was becoming an issue, a sub-nod was worked in to reference the fan artist that was added to the crew in ROTF to work in an extra nod to them in that story area for metaphor reasons. It was part of the subtle celebration stuff in TLK that was references from all the movies. IIRC at least. So while Canopy wasn't fully used because of budget, it was attempted to turn it into a soft nod to how that artist was brought in from the cold too.
That's interesting in regards to Bumblebee's voice, I like the idea of Bee straining himself to talk to save Optimus. Although I'm curious why Optimus said he hadn't heard his voice since Cybertron fell, because Optimus was standing right there in the 2007 movie. I thought maybe they were implying that the 2007 voice wasn't his real voice or something along those lines.
I'm glad to hear that innuendo was just a Bay thing, and that the Bumblebee movie probably won't have it. It think that would be kind of inappropriate in a family movie, unless it was a lot more subtle.
It's nice to hear that they still want to do TF6. Hearing they have a plan definitely makes me against rebooting. I hope Bumblebee is successful, and they decide to greenlight TF6.
It's all on record. Chunks of which I have, chunks of which are entrusted elsewhere. But it's kept safe.
(Operation: Skyfire) That one I don't know much about though, some of the project names are done by development teams I'm not fully involved with. My areas vary more in some detailed areas, and some broad strokes areas. So without knowing more indepth on what it was supposed to be to help 'trigger that memory', I really couldn't tell you much. If that was the king arthur one though, that ended up divided up into other works across the board, and even a chunk of which into its own movie(non-transformers related, like how other concepts spun out into their own non-transformers movies). In concept stuff, sometimes a lot of things get planned that do end up scrapped. At one time a concept sounded fun, and then later it's like coming off a bender and going "what was I thinking?" And sometimes older concepts are only temp shelved to come back to later.
The Izzy/Sqweeks one was more a broad pitch originally. It was originally sidelined because the feeling was with the way audiences were at the time, they wouldn't be open to it. It didn't make it to full scripting stage, but it was planned far enough back as possibly to prep for through paramount to find the right star for it and test them out in their own inter-network system to find the right candidate. That's also why there's a lot of extra concept art associated to it and canopy and more though too. It's cheaper sometimes to commission concept art to generate ideas and see how the feel before fully committing to them in script. Plus also checking effects costs, etc.
Was a personal favorite of mine though, because Izzy's origins are kind of personal. She actually ties back to Alice in ROTF. Alice originally before ROTF was fully settled on was going to be something else, but was changed for other concerns at the time. But those two things behind the scenes are more related than really talked about. I'll explain more on how "Izzy's origins are personal to me" when I'm able. That's one of those I have to wait on permission from someone else to talk about, since it impacts her too.
But also Izzy, Alice's background history, and other little things associated are part of that "Can't talk about that yet." Since it might be future movie material too. The original plans for Alice were scrapped for that movie, but weren't trash binned, they were pushed back for later use.
No plans as yet that I'm aware of, but plans are always evolving and different development arms explore different options all the time. Not every development area knows what all the others are doing at the same time, and movie plans are always evolving as the market is evolving. Areas I have access to are because of consultant work. So my access is often times limited, other times more indepth, and in some areas fully immersed. It varies thing to thing.
But there are some plans to yield more emotional play for certain decepticons in the future to humanize them more and their character drives, to make some more complex, but also without fully diving into "Shades of gray". It's been something hinted at before with DOTM and TLK too. And sub-played in their physical natures too to evoke how the pursuit of power for power's sake corrupts.
I'm still not seeing any sources. You know too much for someone that's not actually part of the movie.
Yup. One of the scenes that were cut for budget/time was a Drift/Mohawk fight that was going to highlight this too. Honorable Samurai vs win at any cost cut-throat assassin.
We've seen that concept art piece before. (which isn't mentioned on TFwiki, someone should add it.) http://www.tfw2005.com/boards/attachments/_20170701_031846-jpg.27754936/
After hearing Deadend's insight I'm even more invested in the against reboot camp. I really want to see Megatron rebuild the Decepticons and go the spreading of Propaganda "Optimus is the true Villain" route.
I hope they don't feel the need to put innuendo jokes in every film. Especially Bumblebee, that's supposed to be more family oriented.
Is there anything you can tell us about upcoming projects? Obviously nothing spoilery, but I was just curious if future movies have indeed been scrappped, or if they're still planning more. Is TF6 still on the table, or any other spinoffs planned by the writers room?
Missed this one earlier. Innuendo was a Bay movies only thing. Shouldn't be in Bumblebee at all, but couldn't tell you for certain, not Hodson's style though afaik or at least not as overtly as they were in Bay movies, she's more of a subtle writer and does fantastic work. A real up and comer to keep an eye on for future movies.
Writer's room came up with a lot of stuff. What's still going to be used or not is not something I'm privy to or could say if I did know. That's one of those "future areas" things.
TF6 has a real want to be made though. But also does have backup plans if they do want to do an actual reset. Can go either way. Plans were drawn up for both ways to decide on later.
I do a lot of consultant work for a lot of areas and businesses. Went through some personal traumas and other issues that really screwed up a lot of my memories, but because of workload it was already pretty crowded up there anyway because of going from one project to the next with very little in the way of breaks because of how the workload was setup. It's a whole long story. Usually I prefer 'MiB'ing myself per workload so I can still blindly enjoy them and can't spoil by accident, but been working out how to get them back piece by piece. The parallel to Cyberverse isn't lost on me in that. xD Or the fact I've had my own "windblades" that brought my memories back piece by piece too. You could almost say it's rather "convenient". The parallel to cyberverse I mean.
That makes sense, it's neat to hear that they've been tossing ideas around for a while. I've kind of noticed that with Marvel too, some of the earlier movies seem more standalone than the newer ones.
I'm curious…do you know what the thought process behind Bumblebee's voice in TLK was? Is there any explanation beyond "the power of friendship" for him getting his voice back? Is there a reason it sounds different than in the first movie?
New voice actor is why it sounds different. Plus character-wise, it's cause Bee is trying to act more adult which is hinted at earlier with the other Bots when they call him out for trying to act like the leader/act like a Prime. (Iirc, the story goes it was the placeholder voice, but Bay felt it fit better than expected because of the previous areas about Bee trying to act more adult/fill Prime's shoes. Which is more or less true.)
Not really much in the way of story reasons on the choice other than it was part of the build for the payoff from the Siri joke earlier in the movie. Essentially was a power of friendship thing, Bee painfully forcing himself to talk to bring Optimus out of his clouded preceptions from Quintessa's control. Which then brings us to the Bumblebee prequel. And potentially the Optimus movie. It was felt if this was going to be the Bay films celebration movie, then it should end with Bee having his voice back, for closure on that. Then 'rewind' for prequel.
And I missed explaining something on AOE, which might put something else to rest. The codenames for "Rocky" in the toyline are intentional. "Rocky" was an internal theme as a morale booster to try and rally the crew (film and toy design side) for AOE. Surprisingly worked really well to get people motivated more.
Yeah, Marvel movies were far more scattered until the Russo brothers came in and righted the ship. TBH, picking them was for the randomest reason, but somehow those sheer out of the blue random choices for the most weirdest reasons always seem to pay off in the end for the best material.
In-hand images of Toynami’s Robotech Shadow Chronicles MPC Vol. 1:Maya Sterling’s Shadow Fighter have surfaced. The latest volume in Toynami’s master piece collection(MPC), this Shadow Fighter is seen prominently in the Robotech:Shadow Chronicles movie. The daughter of famed Robotech characters Max & Miriya Sterling, Maya follows in her parent’s footsteps, and has become an ace. She also leads the Skull Squadron. This toy is compatible with Toynami’s upcoming Beta Fighters!
Yeah, I got literally nothing done this year. In my defense, I was still suffering from my general costuming malaise and then I actually had a successful pregancy, so between changing sizes and being dead tired, I didn’t really do any sewing. I started a waistcoat for Doug when Gloria and I had a sewing day, but it’s still sitting … Continue Reading →
I had another personally busy year so I focused mostly on small projects, accessorizing things I already had, wearing things I hadn’t yet worn, repairing things I wore once (ie, taking them in), and trying to finish things I started last year. I was largely successful at that. I wasn’t successful at much else. Small things: – I sewed a … Continue Reading →
As I said in one of my other posts, this was a rough year personally. But there were lots of good things that happened, and frankly, more of them than I had realized. Here’s what I wrote on Facebook. I’ve written and erased various posts about how tough a year 2016 was. It’s hard to figure out a balance between … Continue Reading →
This year had what might have been a record number of costume events. The holiday tea, the Riversdale 12th Night ball, Birthnight Ball, Francaise dinner, Fort Fred, Awesome Con, Kat’s Victorian Seaside Party, Jane Austen Ball, Riversdale Fancy Dress Ball, Carolyn’s mini costume gala, Pumpkin Tea, Halloween, Gadsby’s fall ball, Carolyn’s Victorian Christmas Tea… and those were just the ones … Continue Reading →
I’m trying to find new ways to do a year in review, especially for a year that was kind of a dumpster fire. But it wasn’t all bad, and in reviewing, I’m actually starting to feel a lot better about it. I’m going to divide it up differently this year. This post is on FOOD. We ate at a bunch … Continue Reading →
I feel like I didn’t read as much this year. It was, as I’ve said, a hard year personally. And I’m almost? embarrassed to say I reread the same book a few times, just because I found it comforting. And that was The Royal We by the Fug Girls. I really liked the book and for some reason, reading something … Continue Reading →
Goodreads redid their Year in Review for books – I screencapped mine. I did read more than last year, so that was good!
ok, gonna try to do this, because I need to remember that 2015 didn’t totally suck. So here is just the good stuff. January One of the best things (which was a carryover from 2014) was Athena’s Daughters 2. I’m so proud of this antho and the amazing stories in it. And I’ve made some great friends from the authors … Continue Reading →
In part 2, we pick up in… June. We had a picnic and a house tour of Riversdale House: I met Neil deGrasse Tyson when he visited work: I worked my ass off organizing this NASA Social – it went swimmingly! And I got a selfie with my Nobel Laureate friend John: My friend Beth and I got to go … Continue Reading →
Probably at some point I will stop doing these, but I do like to look back and reflect on all the good stuff that happened – it helps dim the memory of the bad stuff. So here goes the happiest parts of 2014. January: Marathon weekend at Disney in which we cheered for our friend Meredith, who was running a … Continue Reading →
July July was the first month of 2013 I didn’t fly somewhere. We actually had most of July and August at home and it was pretty great. We spent July 4 with Janine and Ron and a whole slew of my friends and hers at the Pentagon. We also caught fireworks with friends a few days later elsewhere in Maryland: … Continue Reading →
This is always a lot of work, but I think it’s probably worth while to go back and appreciate all the good stuff that happened over the last year. It helps to downplay any bad stuff. January: I got to do something I’d never done before and get into a bunny suit to go into our giant cleanroom at work. … Continue Reading →
Head First Design Patterns Rd Edition is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Six Tips for Successfully Using International Online Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 31 Aug 2011– Identify the part of the world that you want your mate to come from then do your homework. Know who lives there. Online dating, internationally Six Tips for Successfully Using International Online Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 8 Sep 2011– Six Tips for Successfully Using International Online Dating Sites: Part 1· Looking for Love Online: A Latin Woman&39;s Experience[PDF] Variations on a Theme Part II Advance Fee Fraud You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo File Format: PDF/Adobe Acrobat- Quick View Your browser may not have a PDF reader available. Google recommends visiting our text version of this document. Victims of this scam should notify the administrators of the dating website that was used. See Appendices A-F for examples of this scam. International Financial International Dating Trusted online dating sites reviews You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo InternationalCupid is one of the most popular international dating sites. Here you can meet singles from all the parts of the world. Thousands of beautiful Russian Woman, Sexy Wife, Beautiful Women and Girls, Hot You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo This is part of what makes each Russian woman such a wonderful wife! This international dating website is not about mail order brides. We offer matchmaking nbsp; Similar International Dating Website, Russian and Ukrainian Women You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International dating website featuring Russian and Ukrainian women personals nbsp; Similar International Dating Sites- Online Dating Crash Course You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Whatever their motivation, many find an international dating site the perfect solution to their needs. Members live in all parts of the world. India is a very big nbsp; Similar 100% Free Dating Site- eLOVE Dates Free Dating Service You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo eLoveDates- International 100% Free Dating Service- Free Dating Site- Gratis Become a part of an eLoveDates free dating community, join now for nbsp; Similar Rose International Dating Services | Dating Terms and Conditions You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Rose International Dating Services&12459;12490;12480;BC&24030;12398;12496;12531;12463;12540;12496;12540;12395;12390;&26085;33521;12496;12452;12522;12531;12460;12523;12398; When you click on the link, you are visiting another web site. or end relationships via Rose International Dating Services Inc. As part of this agreement, International Dating | Match You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Match, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through Our International sites support local languages and currencies. Please note: Use of nbsp; Similar International Dating Scams Revealed On Love Beyond Borders TV You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 28 May 2009– international dating, online dating, foreign women*Love Beyond Borders@ ForeignWomen Hey What are the free&65279; international dating sites? Dateline NBC-Web Dating Scammer part 1by dinfg619914 views; Thumbnail Find International Dating& Foreign Women at InternationalCupid You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Browse foreign personals for international dating and foreign marriage opportunities. InternationalCupid is a popular foreign dating and personals site nbsp; Similar First International Marriage Network You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Marriage agencies and dating sites, you can be a part of our international marriage network with our partners program. Our customers are welcome to download nbsp; Similar Foreign Dating Service Reviews International Dating for Singles You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Be wary of international dating sites that allow foreign members request money or gifts from you these could be part of a scam. It&39;s a good sign if a site lists its nbsp; Similar Foreign ladies online dating service. Russian, Latin, and Asian You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo In addition, there is another advantage to using the foreign ladies online dating service. ForeignLadies is fully compliant with the International Marriage nbsp; Similar Korean Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo PR: 2. Datanta Korean. Dating in South Korea. This is the South Korean branch of the international dating site Datanta. Dating and marriage in north korea Singaporean Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo PR: 2. Love Awake Singapore. Dating in Singapore. This is the Singapore Thai Dating Sites as Thai singles turn to Internet Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 22 Apr 2011– Visit Thailand: Many international dating site members decide at some point to visit Thailand as part of the dating process usually the International Dating site in Thailand- ThaiLoveLines- Mission You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Thailand&39;s No.1 Dating site makes thousands of matches in Thailand.&39;No one needs to be lonely&39;- the ThaiLoveLines mission in International Dating LoveLines network always aims to provide entertainment and fun as part of the service. International dating sites reviewed for you You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Free review of the biggest and most reliable international dating sites. making it the UK&39;s biggest dating site(especially since UK Match is part of Meetic Match international- reviewed- Leading Dating Sites in the UK You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Test and review of Match international and other dating sites. making it the UK&39;s biggest dating site(especially since UK Match is part of Meetic who Website launched for Rose International Dating Services- No You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Website launched for Rose International Dating Services. By NSD | Published: August 10, 2011. Midori Styles is the founder of Rose International Dating About us/ Russian Brides. Ukrainian Brides. Online dating russian You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Very often Russian girls, registered on the international dating sites, don&39;t take personal part in the correspondence process- because of bad English International Dating Service- Part 2 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 29 Mar 2011– There are dating sites, literally, many to choose from, each catering for various people and their needs. Take your time and take a look at a few Plentyoffish- Changing The Online Dating Industry You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo PlentyofFish, the world&39;s largest free dating site with more than 17 other international dating sites(answer: number three) but the interesting part for me Japanese, Indonesian, Hong Kong, Singapore Dating Sites Review You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo The websites supports two languages: English and Traditional Chinese. This Hong Kong dating service is a part of large international network of dating and nbsp; Similar International Dating, Romance Tours And Costa Rican Women On You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 7 Oct 2011– The international dating adventure of romance tours are flipped up and(ticas) from the mind of a woman all in this special 2 part episode! Will anybody give me a dollar origami website that tells how to make a tank? International Dating- Dating and marriage site InterFriendship You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Note that only a small part of western men seeking for a women through our international dating site are placed their profiles in the men&39;s catalogue. Most of men international dating site You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo international dating site. Sugardaddiesflirt is the new dating site for wealthy men looking for young beautiful sexy women. Looking for a Sugardaddy, Ukrainian Mail-Order Brides: Part 1- AskMen You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Racial stereotypes and economic inequality are still part of the equation, but at its Anastasia Date(AD) actually bills itself as a Premium International Dating Service. By continuing past this page, and by your continued use of this site, you That is actually the easy part of a international dating sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 7 Oct 2011– That is actually the easy part of a international dating sites that mothers a background for a international dating sites. Matchmaking Pro- Professional Matchmakers& Dating Coaches You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Panelist: Terry Fitzpatrick(eLove, International Dating Ventures) Part 3- 2: 15pm: Resourcing your Database. Adding. Part 3: Website and Social Media online e-pals: pen pals international email, free international pen You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Free penpals and online e-pals: pen pals international email from around the they have their own private dating part of the Site and Penpals Plus has it&39;s own nbsp; Similar Ly easy part of a on line dating sites that tears- WikiCULagos You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 15 Oct 2011– sphere. e to making do with chinese dating sites. rching for fresh details. earch this data. be worth this. icult for international dating sites. and Dream-Of-You dating and marriage international web site love You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo The measures will be accepted immediately. You can get very much very important information in Information part of our free International DATING web site. nbsp; Similar For The Sistas: Black Women Dating Men from Europe Part 2 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 28 Jun 2009– Black Women Dating Men from Europe Part 2. Here are a few other international dating sites where you can meet Canadian and/or nbsp; Similar Top Free Dating Sites by Expert and Reader Reviews You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo There are so many free dating sites to choose from- but which are really the best? years the online dating landscape changed dramatically- in a large part due to With its unique and rich features, large international user base and social nbsp; Similar Chnlove Reviews- Review Of Chnlove- International Asian You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Usually when you complain an international dating site, you may be very angry because you feel like being cheated financially and emotionally. No matter how Lonely Soul- online dating site to find friendship and love You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 3 days ago– Online dating site to meet men and women that could become your Lonely Soul: a new international dating site to meet new people, find new nbsp; Similar About Malaysian Singles Dating Sites | eHow You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Finally, there are international sites where Malaysian men and women can meet men and women from different parts of the world. Free dating sites abound for nbsp; Similar Speed Dating | Singles Speed Dating Party You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Speed Dating, Singles Dating Party, Quick Dating, Fast Dating, 8 minute dating, dating services, matchmaking, dating service, dating advice, singles, singles International Speed Dating Disclaimer: SpeedDatingSites is in no way associated with SpeedDating, Inc. SpeedDating is part of Aish and is nbsp; Similar Kelleher International You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Matchmaking Firm Testimonials by Kelleher International who has offered More than just a professional dating service, our elite matchmaking service works to done as part of our commitment to provide successful matches time and again. nbsp; Similar International Dating Sites are Now Very Popular You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 29 Sep 2011– Nowadays international dating is considered to be a cool thing to do, and can finish work on a Friday and be in any part of Europe in the evening. International Dating web sites are great places for people from all walks of International Online Dating | DATING ONLINE- Part 2 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 25 Aug 2011– The social networking sites can an accusation. The rates are based in part on the site. Social networks and online dating sites are very popular Dating Site, Russian Girls, Ukrainian Women, Singles, Brides You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International dating site and matchmaking service featuring personals and they are broadening their search of a life partner to different parts of the world and Dating- Part 2 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 10+ items– Your new number 1 source for Dating news, reviews, and• International Dating Scams Revealed On Love Beyond Borders TV Episode 2• Penn State experts say bullying, domestic violence fueled by online posts• City weighs benefit of signature palms– Posted in Online Dating Tags: Benefit How To Make International Dating Services Work For You You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Are you interested in expanding your dating pool and considering joining an international dating service? They are becoming increasingly popular, especially Russian brides, Ukrainian brides, Single Russian Women, Russian You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Our wife and bride match-making, introduction dating service offers contact ladies, Belarusian girls, ladies from Moldova and more- International Dating Marriage. So, no matter which part of the world you come from, HEAVENLY HEARTS nbsp; Similar How do groupies chance upon meritorious international dating sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 18 Oct 2011– How do groupies chance upon meritorious international dating sites It is the easy part of a top free dating sites that maims a background for a INTERNATIONAL DATING VIOLENCE STUDY You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo INTERNATIONAL DATING VIOLENCE STUDY. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS- 1. CONTENTS. PART 1. GENERAL QUESTIONS. 1. WHAT IS THE Free Online Dating Service- International Dating Site: BigZon You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo BigZon, the leading online dating service. 100% Free online In spite of artistic stylization it should reflect real and significant part of your"I" Otherwise nbsp; Similar Asian Dating Sites- Dating Atlas You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Asian Dating Website for Asian singles to make relationships for companionship, friendship, romance or marriage. Part of the Minglesmatch group. Features: Latest international dating site in norway- Men Norway- 8 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Latest international dating site in norway- Men Norway- 8 a multimilioner but from the right way i like to go for a long drive with my partnr i want more children Dating Affiliate Program by World Dating Partners You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo A Branded Dating Sites solution is a great opportunity for you to get a unique Over 30000 international partners and affiliates bring thousands of new on my part, and I have no doubt that we will continue to see strong growth in our income" nbsp; Similar If done right, international dating sites can actually yield high You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 31 Aug 2011– If done right, international dating sites can actually yield high They can emulate this part. There are many hoary notions in that Former Miss Kenya Finalist Seeks Love via Online Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 21 Aug 2011– Part of a growing phenomenon throughout Africa, the 22-year-old model has signed up to leading international dating site http:www. Russian brides- Dating site reviews, online dating service, best You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Save your time and money- compare and choose the best online dating site for you. A Pretty Woman dating website, Marmeladies International dating service Russian Euro is a part of a large CupidMedia network that has a huge nbsp; Similar International dating service You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Personals and Dating service. It has never been easier to meet people. Here&39;s the best part, it&39;s FREE to join. As a member, you can search for your ideal nbsp; Similar International Online Dating: Finding Romance Abroad You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 31 Aug 2006– International dating websites have chat rooms where you can talk to people from different parts of the world in real time through text or through nbsp; Similar July 2010 International Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 28 Jul 2010– International Dating Sites Review and also faith might often enjoy a negligible part in the modern day dating scene, still there are individuals Yana- New-Dating- online dating service || international dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Dating Service Stop Scammers You are an amazing man, I can only dream about as it seems to be unbelievable to become a part of your life You are saying Best Online Dating Websites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Tips on what to look for when selecting an internet dating site and choosing a Use a website that specializes in Internet dating, not a dating service that is a part of a International websites usually have the best variety of member profiles nbsp; Similar International Pen Pal You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Click here to view some profiles of potential international pen pals or dating It also gives you the chance to read the various parts of each site and make nbsp; Similar Turkish Singles Online at Turkey Dating Site- Turkish singles online You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Meeting face to face is another fun part. Turkish dating site is the solution for all local singles and international singles to come together. Looking for Turkish love International Dating and Matchmaking Site- Just another WordPress You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 23 Oct 2011– International Dating and Matchmaking Site. Online Dating Sports play an important part in my life and I love tennis and golf. Besides that, I Tahirih Justice Center IMBRA FAQ is a fraud. Mail Order Brides do You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo IMBRA: After a few dating sites tried to challenge the law in 2006, a Republican federal American citizens"products" that need warning labels on the international dating market. Note that the bad part of the law is on page 12 section iv. nbsp; Similar International Dating Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo In the past, the number of on-line dating websites was small and also all of them connect guys and also ladies residing in different parts of the entire world. Surviving as an International student Part 3: Friendship and Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 9 Dec 2010– This is Part 3 of our series&39;Surviving as an International Student&39; Today, we cover Friendship and Dating. Please take a minute to REGISTER so you can receive updates and have access to all the benefits of the site. International Dating Sites | All posts tagged&39;russian-brides&39; You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo All these ladies are looking for love on Interntional Dating Sites! shipped to your door from a catalog are not part of HotRussianBrides&39;s service offerings. Single Russian Brides International Dating Site You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Reveal all secrets of single Russian girls attraction at our international dating site. Girls overlook the greatest part of the formal columns, but in the"long nbsp; Similar International Dating Blog You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 9 Apr 2011– International Dating- Foreign Brides Website So, the numbers are pretty clear, but they tell only part of the story because the distribution of Online Dating, Dating Personals, Singles Dating at Date You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Our internet dating service has helped single women to find love and romance. Become a part of a free dating service with millions of dating personals, a community COM is a registered and common law trademark of International Internet Ethiopian Brides use Heart of Asia Online International Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo international online dating service that meets US immigration requirements. They live in an environment where beautiful and elegant woman are part of nbsp; Similar Finding the right Asian brides with- Best International Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo How to find the right Asian brides- international dating tips and advice for men You can be any part of the world and belong to any region of the world and this Through the internet and other dating websites, it has become easy for both International dating site for those who search for men abroad You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 18 Jul 2011– International marriage agency AnastasiaDate offers to cooperate and uses cookie technology as part of our Web site&39;s statistical reporting. Travel | Men&39;s Travel Guide& International Dating with Foreign You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo#1 Website on Foreign Women& International Dating You have. Cuban cigars are for the most part hand rolled by master cigar rollers known as torcedores. Germany- Dating Sites by Regions | Dating Service You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Browse through the top online dating services below organized by Regions Lava place is an international dating service that&39;s popular with women and men from and provides everything you need to get to know other singles in any part of International marriage agency in Nikolaev, Ukraine You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo This dating website is proudly listed at Russian Woman Dating Directory in evolution, reaching in part Russia and bringing to the spotlight Russian bride as a nbsp; Similar Mypartnerforever, Single Ukrainian Women, Beautiful Russian You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International dating and matchmaking network to meet single Ukrainian site has registered in person with her local marriage agency that is part of our network. AIDSGame- Find a dating partner You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo This International dating site offers fast and easy sign up and the ability to add a Welcome to the largest Senior Dating Services of the Internet( part of the International Sites You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo A Foreign Affair An international introduction dating and marriage service for. We have divided our site into three parts, or envelopes, to meet the different nbsp; Similar International Online Dating You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International dating websites have chat rooms where you can talk to people from different parts of the world in real time through text or through voice. Online dating in the UK: chat with singles& find love- Dating Direct You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Datingdirect is the largest dating site in the UK and in Europe. Browse through the profiles of millions of singles and chat with them online. nbsp; Similar Cherry Blossoms | Blossoms- Dating Asian Women- Meet You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo Official Site- join now and search for FREE! Blossoms is the Leader in online Asian dating. International Personals Since 1974 In part by how we grew up, we often give more of our attention to what we do not want, thinking this will nbsp; Similar Dating Site Reviews and Advice You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo This also creates an entirely new genre of international dating and can be considered as part of an international cultural reform across the globe. Online dating is Kaluga Chicas International Dating Service- Kaluga, Russia You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International dating serviceyou use a personal ads site where your profile takes Instead, personal ads are here to stay as part of a normal modern expressive Former Miss Kenya Finalist Looking for Love via Online Dating | The You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 25 Aug 2011– Part of a growing phenomenon throughout Africa, the 22-year-old model has signed up to leading international dating site http:www. Marriage Agencies Services, Single Russian Women, International You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo International Marriage Agencies offering a Quality Matchmaking Service for Single Russian MyPartnerForever | Dating Ukraine Girl Nikolaev Ukraine This is part of what makes these Russian girls and Ukrainian girls so popular among International Dating Site Now Offers Matchmaking in Kostomuksha You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 28 Dec 2010– International Dating Site Now Offers Matchmaking in Kostomuksha, Russia. city situated near Finland in the North-western part of Russia. International Online Dating Website You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 19 Sep 2010– Our featured website is international with millions of members and is part of global dating network. No need to search through hundreds of Chatting> Miss Dewi Online Kategori- Part 3 You +1&39;d this publicly.nbsp; Undo 21 Mar 2010– It is also important that you know that not all online dating sites are made equal. should have presented you with a guarantee to reimburse a part or all of your money. International Online Dating: Find Romance Abroad
This documentation refers to a previously released version of OroCRM. See the latest development version (current) or the latest LTS version (2.6).
Alternatively, you can click the More Options menu at the end of the corresponding row and then click the View icon.
You can edit or remove your comment: find your comment and click the More Options menu at the end of the corresponding row. Then click the Edit / Delete icon.
In the Add Comment dialog, enter your comment. If rich text functionality is enabled for you, you can format your comment in the editor. You can also add an attachment to your comment.
We collect cookie information with a goal to provide you with the best user experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Read Oro Inc.’s Cookie policy.
Martyr Longinus the Centurion who stood at the Cross of the Lord, and the two martyred with him; Saint Malus the hermit; Saint Eupraxia, abbess, before tonsure Princess Euphrosyne of Pskov; Saint Longinus the gate-keeper of the Kiev Caves; Saint Gall, Enlightener of Switzerland; Saint Sabinus, monk; Venerable Longinus of Yarensk; Martyr Longinus of Asistavi; Martyrs Leontius, Dometius, Terence, and Domninus; Saint Lull, Archbishop of Mainz
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange program of the MLSListings™ MLS system. Information is deemed reliable, but not guaranteed. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Windermere Silicon Valley are marked with the Internet Data Exchange icon (a stylized house inside a circle) and detailed information about them includes the names of the listing brokers and listing agents. Copyright 2016 MLSListings Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Service
The owner of this domain has yet to point it to a website or online content. This means that the domain is parked.
Some domains are only parked for a short time while a new website is built or details updated. However, some can stay parked for extended periods; maybe as part of a domain name portfolio or perhaps to protect the name from being registered by somebody else.
If you would like to learn more about domain name registration, please visit Netregistry for a variety of free resources from Australia's most trusted domain name provider.
Our servers are strategically collocated in LambdaNet, Kiel, Germany. It is well know as part of the connecting internet backbones between Europe and North America.
Activation Fee is the fee you are paying for initial web hosting account creation and setup. Activation Fee $0.00$0.00£0.00£0.00€0.00€0.00 $0.00$0.00£0.00£0.00€0.00€0.00
Monthly Promo Price is the promotional monthly price of the first year (new signup) subscription. Monthly Promo Price (paid annually) $3.99$4.75£2.99£3.56€3.49€4.15 $2.99$3.56£1.99£2.37€2.49€2.96
Annual Promo Price is the promotional (new signup discounted) annual price. Annual Promo Price $47.88$56.98£35.88£42.70€41.88€49.84 $35.88$42.70£23.88£28.42€29.88€35.56
Monthly Renewal Price is the monthly price without any discount/promotion, as well as represents the renewal web hosting plan price. Monthly Renewal Price $7.99$9.51£5.57£6.63€6.49€7.72 $4.99$5.94£3.24£3.86€3.99€4.75
Annual Renewal Price is the annual price without any discount (new signup or other promotional discount), as well as representing the annual renewal web hosting plan price. Annual Renewal Price $95.88$114.10£66.88£79.59€77.88€92.68 $59.88$71.26£38.88£46.27€47.88€56.98
Disk Space is the allocated data storage space you get for your hosting plan. All of the data you have on the server i.e. pages, files and emails are using your hosting plan's disk space. Disk Space Unlimited Unlimited
Data Transfer also known as Traffic is the actual amount of data transferred between your site and your visitors i.e. each time somebody is loading a page, file or a graphic from your site, data transfer is generated. The allocated data transfer is shown per month. Monthy Traffic Unlimited Unlimited
Free Domain shows if a FREE domain registration/transfer for 1 year is included in a particular web hosting deal. Check out for plans that have free domain registration/transfer for 1 year. Free Domain Name 1
Free Domain Name for Life shows if a FREE domain registration/transfer for LIFE is included within every particular web hosting deal. Domains will be renewed for FREE as long as you renew your hosting plan with us.Check out for plans that have free domain registration/transfer for LIFE. Free Domain Name for Life 1
Data Backup is made on a weekly basis. In case of technical problem and data loss we can restore backup from the previous one. Data Backup
It might take you years to acquire the necessary skills and knowledge to create a simple web site. If you don't have the time, energy or money to invest in this process - use our Zacky Website Builder or Concrete5 and get your multifunctional web site up and running in a few easy steps! Web Site Builder
Network Uptime is the uptime we strive to guarantee on our web hosting platform. Network Uptime 99.9% 99.9%
Money Back Guarantee is the warranty period you can request your money back if you think that the web hosting service offered is not the one it should be. Money Back Guarantee 30 days 30 days
Domain Privacy Protection hides your domain contact details from the public. As per ICANN regulations when you register a domain, your information including name, address, telephone and email address is publicly showed in the so called WHOIS of the domain. This makes your private information harvested by telemarketers, spammers etc. Domain Privacy Protection $10.00$11.90£6.99£8.32€7.99€9.51 (optional) $10.00$11.90£6.99£8.32€7.99€9.51 (optional)
Domains Allowed is the number of domain names you can host within a particular web hosting plan. Domains Allowed Unlimited 2
Subdomains Allowed is the number of subdomains you can create and host within a particular web hosting plan. Subdomains Allowed Unlimited 5
Full DNS Management is an option to manage your domains' DNS at any time you want through a Domain Control Panel that you get extra with every domain registration/transfer. Full DNS Management
Full WHOIS Management is an option to manage your domains' WHOIS at any time you want through a Domain Control Panel that you get extra with every domain registration/transfer. Full WHOIS Management
Domain Locking Control is an option to lock your domain, preveting from unauthorized or transfer theft. Lock / Unlock your domain(s) through Domain Control Panel you get extra with every domain registration/transfer. Domain Lock Control
EPP Key Control is the authorization code that is needed for domain transfer. You have access to the EPP key through Domain Control Panel you get extra with every domain registration/transfer. EPP Key Control
A record maps a domain name to a 32-bit IP address. Changing your A record you can point your domain (web site) to a different physical location than domain is hosted. Custom MX & A records
Canonical Name or CNAME is the record to create hostname aliasing e.g. if you wish www.yourdomain.com to open yourdomain.com. It actually associates www.yourdomain.com to yourdomain.com which has already assigned IP with an A record. CNAME Records
A 404 error page is displayed when someone on your site enters a link that does not exist. You can customize your 404 page i.e. put anything you like on it such as friendly statement that the requested page could not be found, using the same look and feel as for the rest of your site. This 404 error page enables you to track where your visitors come from and where the source of the broken link is. Custom 404 pages
Advanced Control Panel is fully-featured web based control panel that puts you in full control of data content inside your account. Additionally with every paid web hosting plan you get Domain Control Panel for managing your domain(s). Advanced Control Panel
Web Based File Manager is option through the Web Hosting Control Panel to easily upload, change, rename or delete file(s) and folder(s) inside your account. Web based File Manager
Password Protection is option to set username and password access to any URL / directory of your site hosted with us without technical knowledge. Password Protection
SSH (Secure Shell) is an option to securely and remotely access your web hosting account using command line interface e.g. Putty. This feature is strictly required by advanced web developers or administrators. SSH
Email Accounts is the number of email boxes can create within you hosting plan's limits. In other words it is how many email addresses you can create e.g. myname@mydomain.com. Email Accounts Unlimited 1000
Mailing List is the option to create a list of email addresses and email all of them by sending email to only one pre-defined email address(mailing list address). Mailing Lists 10 1
Email Filters is option to manage incoming email traffic to the mailboxes in your hosting account. You can set filters that apply rules to any incoming email which contains specific keywords in the mail header or body i.e. delete, forward, move to another folder. You can also set priorities and order the way these rules are executed. Email Filters 500 100
Virus Protection is using ClamAV anti-virus toolkit designed strictly for e-mail scanning on mail gateways. It scans, detects and removes any unwanted programs that can potentially corrupt your data, or infringe the normal operation of your PC. Virus Protection (ClamAV)
SPAM Protection is using SpamAssassin. It is a computer program that uses a variety of spam detection and spam filtering techniques based on content-matching rules. If spam is becoming a great burden for you and your business this surely will be relief for you. SPAM Protection (SpamAssassin)
Webmail is web based access to your email accounts anywhere, anytime by logging in user-friendly web interface. Webmail
IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol) is a powerful protocol providing you direct access to your mail box online while all email messages are still kept on the mail server. Thus, you can control your emails from a desktop computer at home, a workstation in your office, a notebook computer while traveling without transferring or synchronizing messages between computers.
SMTP Access (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) is an Internet standard for electronic mail (email) transmission across Internet Protocol (IP) networks. Mail servers use SMTP to send emails. Without this feature you cannot send emails. Free hosting accounts has SMTP turned Off based on spam threats. SMTP Access
Autorespoder is option to set your personal auto respond message to your email account(s). Use it when you are away, or just as notification upon receiving an email. This feature is available only on paid accounts due to its mail server demanding nature. Autoresponder
Catch-All is mail box that catches all emails send over to not existing email box. For example if you only have mail box name@domain.com, any email send over to anything@domain.com will go inside this Catch-All mail box. Paid accounts have this useful feature rather than Free accounts due to its mail server demanding nature. Catch-All
Email Forwarding is option to forward your incoming email traffic to any other chosen email address. Paid accounts has this feature rather than Free accounts due to its mails server demanding nature. Email Forwarding
phpMyAdmin is php written web based tool. Using it you can handle the administration of MySQL database. The most frequently used operations are supported by the user interface (managing databases, tables, fields, relations, indexes, users, permissions, etc), while you still have the ability to directly execute any SQL statement. phpMyAdmin
PostgreSQL is a powerful, open source object-relational database system. It is enterprise class database, highly scalable both in the sheer quantity of data it can manage and in the number of concurrent users it can accommodate. PostgreSQL systems can manage in excess of 4 terabytes of data. PostgreSQL Databases Unlimited 7
PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) is a widely-used web development scripting language that can be embedded into HTML. Currently 80% of all dynamic web pages are devepoped on php. On our paid hosting you can run php files that require PHP version 5. PHP 5 PHP5 PHP5
APS.NET is web application framework developed and marketed by Microsoft for building dynamic web sites, web applications and web services. On our servers ASP.NET is running on Linux with Apache. It supports ASP.NET 5.0. ASP.NET 3 sites 1 site
Perl is a high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming language. Perl is one of the most common CGI scripting languages.
CGI (Common Gateway Interface) is one method by which a web server can obtain/send data from/to databases, documents, and other programs, and present that data to viewers via the web. Perl, CGI
Ruby is dynamic programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. It combines and supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object oriented, imperative and reflection. It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management. It is similar in varying respects to Python, Perl and etc. Ruby
Python is a dynamic object-oriented programming language that can be used for many kinds of software development. It offers strong support for integration with other languages and tools, comes with extensive standard libraries, and can be learned in a few days. Python
SSI (Server Side Include) Support enables commands executed by the server as it parses your HTML file. Server side includes can be used to include the value of various server environment variables within your HTML. SSI Support
Crontab Support is option to schedule commands to be executed periodically. It reads series of commands (cron jobs) and executes them according to the predefined schedule. Crontab Support 2
GD is source code library for the dynamic creation of images by programmers. GD creates PNG, JPEG and GIF images, among other formats. It is commonly used to generate charts, graphics, thumbnails etc. GD
ImageMagick is a robust collection of tools and libraries to read, write, and manipulate an image in different variety of formats. Image Magick
IonCube is application that run files encoded by IonCube Optimizer. It protects PHP programming language from being viewed, changed, and run on unlicensed computers. IonCube
Zend Optimizer is an application that enables PHP to run files encoded by the Zend Guard. It is widely-used to run encoded application. Zend Optimizer
Traffic Statistics shows the traffic of the domain names and subdomains in your hosting account. You can see detailed traffic statistics for your hostnames for the current day, last 7 days and for the last 6 months. Traffic Statistics
Webalizer Statistics is a web server log file analysis program which produces usage statistics in HTML format. Yearly, monthly, daily and hourly usage statistics are presented, as well as usage by site, URL, referrer, user agent (browser), username, search strings, entry/exit pages, and country (some information may not be available if not present in the log file being processed). Webalizer Statistics
Linux is a freely distributed Unix-type operating system. Under Linux can be run most of the hardware platforms.
Apache is web server application available for wide variety or operating systems like Linux. Stable Linux with Apache
Shared SSL (Secure Socket Layer) for encrypted transmissions of details over your site is available on paid hosting accounts. It is good to have a SSL if any personal or other secure details are transmitted over your site. Shared SSL
SPAM / Virus Protection by special programs installed on the server to scan, detect and remove any unwanted programs that can potentially corrupt or infringe the normal operation of PC over email. This also stops to great extend unsolicited commercial emails. SPAM/Virus Protection
Firewall Protection protects the machine your hosting account is located. With this protection your web site is absolutely protected from any standard web server attack. Firewall Protection
RAID Backup (Redundant Area of Independent Drives) provides increased data reliability. This system stores your data simultaneously on two HDDs, in case of a hard drive crash we can restore backup from the unimpaired HDD. RAID Backup
50 Gbits Network Connectivity is the speed of the port connecting our web hosting cluster and the global network. The clustered servers are located in such a way that at peak times paid servers are speed attended with priority. 50 GBits network connectivity
A Content Management System (CMS) is a computer application used to create, edit, manage, search and publish various kinds of digital media and electronic text. The following CMS systems can be installed FREE and AUTOMATICALLY within any paid web hosting account: Joomla, Drupal. Content Management System
Web Blog is a website, usually maintained by an individual with regular entries of commentary, descriptions of events, or other material such as graphics or video. The following Blogs can be installed FREE and AUTOMATICALLY within any paid web hosting account: WordPress. Web Blog
Discussion Board refers to forum or message board. In general means online discussion site. The following Discussion Boards can be installed FREE and AUTOMATICALLY within any paid web hosting account: phpBB. Discussion Board
eCommerce Solution refers to software procucts that help you selling products over Internet. These are but not limited to Shopping Carts and other additional modules. The following Shopping Carts can be installed FREE and AUTOMATICALLY within any paid web hosting account: OpenCart, PrestaShop. eCommerce Solutions
24/7/365 Customer Support is highly qualified professionals at your disposal 24 hours, 7 days a week, 365 days a year on shift ready to help you with any issues that you might come across while using our web hosting services. 24/7/365 Customer Support
Sales Live Chat is available for pre-sales questions you may come across when you look at our web hosting services before purchase. Sales Live Chat
Integrated Ticket System is a system you can file a ticket to our technical support team. We will shortly provide you with a precise answer to your concrete issue. Integrated Ticket System
Online Documentation is our F.A.Q. (Frequently Asked Questions). This is the place we file the problems most of our clients come across. Detailed instructions on every problem step by step is your quick troubleshooter. Online Documentation
Monthly Regular Price is the monthly price without any discount/promotion, as well as represents the renewal web hosting plan price. Monthly Regular Price $7.99$9.51£5.57£6.63€6.49€7.72 $4.99$5.94£3.24£3.86€3.99€4.75
Annual Regular Price is the annual price without any discount (new signup or other promotional discount), as well as representing the annual renewal web hosting plan price. Annual Regular Price $95.88$114.10£66.88£79.59€77.88€92.68 $59.88$71.26£38.88£46.27€47.88€56.98
We use cookies to ensure you can get the best experience on our site. If you keep using this site we assume that you agree to our use of cookies. Privacy Policy OK
IBM researchers discover a new banking Trojan that is built with custom code, though it uses similar tactics to existing malware attacks.
The IBM X-Force research team has discovered a new banking Trojan, dubbed "IcedID," that is taking aim at global financial institutions.
The IcedID Trojan relies on the Emotet malware dropper to exploit a victim's system. IcedID then provides the Trojan payload, redirecting victims to an attacker site that is a replica of a real banking website. The IcedID Trojan attack has targeted banks, payment card providers and e-commerce sites in the United States, Canada and the UK.
"IBM X-Force monitors close to 300 million protected endpoints across the globe, detecting and mapping threat evolution close to real time," Limor Kessem, executive security adviser at IBM Security, told eWEEK. "X-Force research detected and analyzed IcedID as soon as it was identified in attempts to infect end users."
It's not clear how many victims IcedID has claimed or how widespread the distribution of the Trojan is. Kessem said X-Force detected IcedID very early after its launch, and so far the campaigns are still small, with the number of infections being limited.
By using the Emotet dropper as a distribution mechanism, IcedID's authors have attempted to keep the malware under the radar, Kessem noted, adding that Emotet itself is usually delivered via malware spam (malspam), often concealed in productivity file attachments.
"After the user is first infected with Emotet, the latter is used as a covert tunnel through which other malware is delivered and executed on the endpoint," she said. "Aside from newly dropping IcedID, Emotet is known for its connection with a variety of malicious codes, most recently the QakBot banking Trojan that targets business banking in North America."
Among IcedID’s core capabilities is it redirects victims to an attacker-controlled site. Instead of using web injections on a bank's site, IcedID takes a victim to a page it serves from its own server and can communicate with the victim there, away from the bank's control. Kessem said the redirection pages are often difficult for regular users to identify.
"Redirection attacks are malware-facilitated operations in which the bank’s genuine site is an unwilling participant," she said. "The malware keeps a live connection to the genuine site and manipulates the fake session in a way that has it present the bank's true URL in the address bar."
IcedID does not directly exploit user systems; it is delivered into an already compromised endpoint that was first exploited by the Emotet dropper.
"To gain the initial foothold, Emotet uses malicious JavaScript in file macros in order to invoke a PowerShell script to fetch the payload from a remote server," Kessem said. "This process is initiated by unwitting users who are tricked into opening email attachments that carry concealed malcode."
Although IcedID uses tactics used in other banking Trojans, according to IBM X-Force's analysis, IcedID is custom code. It's not clear where IcedID came from or who wrote the code. Kessem warned that when it comes to cyber-crime activity, attribution is often a tricky concept as malware can be operated by different groups or subgroups, or be sold and shared. That said, IBM X-Force researchers do have some suspicions.
"According to an analysis of IcedID's infrastructure, the malware's main servers are hosted in Russia," Kessem said. "Judging by the company it keeps, IcedID is delivered by the same group that delivers QakBot and Dridex, both of which are also known to come from Russian-speaking regions."
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.
Sean Michael Kerner is an Internet consultant, strategist, and contributor to several leading IT business web sites.
Copyright © 2004 - 2018 | osgear.is - OSGEAR: Buy Steroids Online USA, UK & Europe. Legal Steroids - #1 Anabolic Steroids for Sale
President Yoweri Museveni has today started canvassing for votes for the National Resistance Movement flag bearer, Winfred Matsiko Komuhangi, in the by-elections for the Women Parliamentary seat for Rukungiri District, South Western Region.
Mr. Museveni who is the National Chairman of the NRM addressed 4 Movement supporters’ rallies in Nyakishenyi, Nyarushanje, Buyanja and Kebisoni Sub-Counties in Rubabo County and asked the voters to send him leaders that will work with him to support Government programmes that will benefit the people of Rukungiri District.
The Court of Appeal declared the Rukungiri Woman Seat vacant recently on grounds that the 2016 elections were marred by irregularities. NRM’s Matsiko Komuhangi is tussling it out with opposition FDC’s Betty Muzanira and independents Prisca Seezi Mbaguta, Elizabeth Rwakutonera, Sheila Atukunda Kirebete and PPP’s Fabith Kukundakwe.
The NRM Chairman called on the people of Rukungiri District to support Ms. Winfred Matsiko Komuhangi in the by-election that is slated for 31st May 2018. He outlined the achievements of the Movement and urged the wananchi support NRM candidates at all levels of elections because of the those achievements.
"The government has built schools, roads, provided safe water supply and electricity at the national level. With these indicators be assured that alongside the construction of Rukungiri, Kihihi, Kanungu, Ishasha, Kambuga-Rugyeyo through Nyakishenyi to Kisiizi Rubaaare road will be constructed in government budget," he said.
The President said that under the NRM Government, Rukungiri district has registered numerous achievements adding that it has 248 primary schools, 171 are government of them government aided and 110 are private. There are 44 secondary schools with 23 being government aided and 21 privately owned.
“With the prevailing peace, infrastructural development, I need leaders who are supportive to government development programmes," he said.
The President told the people of Rubabo County in particular and Rukungiri in general that “the Opposition, FDC have divergent and wrong ideas for the country.”
President Museveni reminded the people that poverty has no such thing like boundary based on tribal, religious inclinations. He, therefore, encouraged them to operationalize the government advice on the four acre model of agricultural projection and produce fruits, engage in piggery, poultry, fish farming and zero grazing especially for those on a small piece of land so that they are empowered to eradicating household poverty.
Others NRM supporters in the area who are with President Museveni to drum up support for Winfred Matsiko Komuhangi include Hon. Chris Baryomunsi, Paula Turyahikayo and General Henry Tumukunde who assured the NRM Chairman that the NRM flag bearer will win the bi- election.
A Level 2 system consists of the function blocks to perform process modeling (Level 2 Model) and those to collect and manage data. In developing a new Level 2 system, full metallurgical models should be applied besides the traditional mechanical models. In the following, the general Level 2 system architecture will be outlined first, and then the metallurgical models for the Level 2 will be discussed.
Full metallurgical principles integrated. For example, a rolling mill Level 2 system may be integrated with over 100 rolling process models, an expert system, and advanced intelligent learning. Microstructure simulation would be performed pass by pass to determine parameters such as retained strain, flow stress, grain size, grain shape, phase proportion, etc. The modeling, such as microstructure simulation, could be integrated with the AI learning techniques and with an expert system, and be continuously learnt through history data. Finite element method, especially a simplified one such as that developed by Dr. Benjamin Li (Metal Pass), would be used to determine, e.g. roll deflection and local draft over width. Hybrid systems would be established by combining the AI learning techniques with the empirical models, so that the models are not black boxes (as many neural networks are) and will be continuously improved.
Uninterrupted upgrade. The Level 2 system could be upgraded frequently using vendor-supplied or user-developed components, without system shutdown. It would be fully modularized and fully object-oriented. The system would facilitate uninterrupted upgrade in three levels: service, component and DLL. A service usually consists of multiple components (including software applications) and is developed following certain IT standards (e.g., SOA, COM+). A component may be created from multiples classes (DLLs). A DLL is created from a single class, which may call other classes following object-oriented methodology. An upgrade in the DLL level may be done, for example, by simply replacing an old DLL with the new one, or by adding new DLLs to the existing Level 2 system. Therefore, with the changing industry practice, the Level 2 vendor (or the third party) could supply new DLLs, Components or services to the user. There would be, therefore, no need to retire an old system and to buy a new one in, say, every ten years. The upgrade cost in this way could be minimal.
State-of-the-art software engineering technologies. Fully object-oriented programming technique would be combined with the interactive relationship of the mill process models. SOA (Service-Oriented Architecture) could be used to integrate various applications and components, which may be initially designed for various platforms. The source code is expected to be concise, easy to understand and easy to maintain. As to the architecture, it may be a four-tier system, consisting of Operator Interface (HMI, tier 1), Level 2 Management System (tier 2), Level 2 Model System (tier 3), and Database Management System (DBMS, tier 4). The tier 2 and tier 3 could either reside in a single server or be separated in two or more servers. Due to the large number of model calculations (microstructure, FEM, Neural Network, etc.), separate servers for the tier 3 would be preferred.
For each process (rolling mill, reheating or controlled cooling), the newly developed Level 2 model should include intelligent learning system. Numerical analysis tools (FEM, FDM, etc.) may also be integrated depending on the application case, e.g. FDM for thermal prediction, and FEM for both thermal and mechanical analyses. Level 2 system of any process should have interface with other Level 2 systems.
Process models and related metallurgical ones, with also the interfacing architecture with other Level 2 model system, including numerical tools (for e.g. temperature analysis for reheating and cooling, and roll deflection prediction for rolling).
Expert system, which consists of logics, data and influence factors on the mechanical, thermal and metallurgical parameters depending on rolling and thermal processes. Past mill-experiences should be programmed as a portion of the expert system.
Intelligent Learning, based on rolling process models, in which the neural network provides the correcting factors for the model coefficients, and fuzzy logic rules and expert system provide guidelines (upper and lower boundaries, etc.) for the learning.
Technical papers published in the February and March of 2008. Those publications are primarily on Level 2, Level 2 model and process automation.
See the profile for the primary consultant Dr. Benjamin Li. You may also view our company and personnel profiles. Please contact us via email admin@metalpass.com or by phone (001) 503 516 9625 for top quality consulting services.
AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY
This person is a mad driver. She tried cutting me off, going in and out of traffic and tells me off because I wouldn’t let
Her get in front of me. She shouldn’t be driving, and she had kids in the back seat without a car seat.
I don’t understand as someone who drives for a living can be so reckless. He cut me and several other people off. Then blocked two lanes because someone honked at him and he tried to trap them in. He had an airplane sticker in his back window so he has to drive for Uber or Lyft. I already contacted them both and will try and warn others about him.
This guy cut me off at 55th and California. His car was angled so far from cutting me off that when he straightened out his car his tail end hit my front end. Mind you I was completely still. Then he threatened me to pull over so he could fight... very rude. When I tried to tell him he could just go.
This person was caught on video today driving in a protected bike lane. The concrete bariers make it too narrow for cars so this genius just drove with two wheels in the bike lane and two on the sidewalk! Woo! How about sending them a big ole ticket, CPD???
Guy figured he would pass all the red light traffic by driving on the wrong side of the road. I laid in my horn so he doesn’t hit me head on. Then he wanted to fight me. After getting back in his car he spit on my car as he passed
Article: {{ article.number }} Published: {{ article.published }} Last Modified: {{ article.sys_updated_on | limitTo: 10 }} Type: {{ article.u_type }} Assigned To: {{ article.author_display }}
She is always working hard even when she isn’t in the game./ She is very coachable and always willing to learn.
She always comes in to practice with a positive attitude and is willing to do anything asked of her.
Always gives 100%, motivated and motivates others, he does not give up, is passionate, and leaves everything on the field.
Even though she has had some struggles with confidence this year, she really has worked to do her best and her confidence has grown. She always works hard to get better every day!
She came out as a freshman as a starting outfielder for Varsity. She is looked up to by her peers as a great teammate and friend.
Travis Halverson B Cross Country Even though he is injured, he constantly shows leadership and helps out with the team every day
Garrett Roumpos B Cross Country Despite having setbacks in his athletic career, he gives off a positive vibe as well as working hard to achieve his goals.
Graydon Corness Baseball Grayson has always been willing to help younger athletes progress showing great leadership.
Luke Biehn Baseball He strives to get better every day and leads by example. He cares about his teammates.
Chris Porter Basketball Is a great teammate and pushes others to excel, willing to put in the time with his teammates.
Kimberly Davenort Cross Country Kimberly is hardworking, supportive of everyone, and very inclusive.
Beau Carney Football He comes to practice every day wanting to get better, and is a very trustworthy person.
Ian Wagner Football He has the desire to win every time he steps on the field and has every teammates back.
Clayton Wuebbels football He is a very hard worker and is always trying to help the team get better.
Sofia Parker G Cross Country She is an extremely hard worker and never complains, always has a positive outlook.
Olivia Branz G Lacrosse Olivia always brings a positive attitude to the team and builds everyone up.
Amber Germuga G Lacrosse Amber is always willing to voice her opinions and gives others helpful direction.
Raven Eastern G Track She is dedicated to her work and brings a smile to everyone’s face when she is out on the track.
Kennedy Kriedell Golden Girls She always puts her 100% effort into practices and always has a positive attitude.
Josie Nieroda Soccer She always works hard and always at the same level of intensity, whether it is practice or a game.
Paige Mueller Soccer She always stayed positive on defense, even when we were scored on or down in te game. She really helped uplift the team.
Miley Brunner Softball She takes on a huge leadership role and is someone that the girls in the program look up to. She always tries to be the best version of herself.
Rylee Burton Softball She has the ability to show everyone respect and kindness and she displays leadership.
Jack Peterson Swim New to the program, he was willing to work as hard as the vets. Regardless of the set, he kept up and always put 101% into it.
Taylor Lehman Swim As a freshman he filled a niche on the team that was difficult to fil yet he never complained about it and always pushed through.
Шар (18''/46 см) Круг, С Днем рождения (краски и кисть), Белый, 1 шт. | Товары для праздника интернет магазин в Нижнем Новгороде
You may optionally give an explanation for why this post was reported, which will be sent to the moderators along with the report. This can help the moderator to understand why you reported the post.
Good grooming comes naturally to most cats. They diligently lick their fur multiple times per day, ensuring that their coats look sleek and healthy no matter what the season. When your normally well-groomed pet suddenly looks greasy and disheveled, it's only normal to be concerned. Although most short-term changes in grooming aren't serious, over- or under-grooming can be a sign of a health problem.
Grooming removes loose hair and distributes natural oils along the coat, but it also offers several other benefits. Have you ever noticed that your cat spends more time grooming on hot, humid summer days? Grooming offers a natural cooling effect that can help your feline feel more comfortable when the temperature soars. Grooming also helps cats get rid of irritating substances and invaders, such as allergens and insects that may have hitched a ride on your pet's body. Many cats find grooming soothing and will settle down for a long licking session if they feel a little anxious.
Although it might seem as if your cat could never be too clean, over-grooming isn't good for your pet's skin. Excessive grooming can lead to hair loss and bald patches on the skin. If your pet's rough tongue breaks the surface of the skin, infected sores may form.
Creepy, Crawly Bugs. If your cat has fleas or other parasites, he or she will try to get rid of the irritating pests by licking them away.
Itching. Frequent grooming may be your pet's way of handling itchy skin, due to allergies or parasites.
Pain. In your cat's mind, grooming is a natural pain reliever. If your pet has developed arthritis or another painful condition, he or she may spend more time than usual licking one particular area.
Stress. Has your pet's normal routine changed lately? Any change can cause stress and anxiety, such as the addition of a new person or pet, a move to a new home or the death of a family member or pet.
Feline Hyperesthesia Syndrome (FHS). The skin becomes extremely sensitive in cats who have FHS. The syndrome can be caused by allergies, fleas, ringworm, neurological conditions that affect the spine or tail, or compulsive behavior. If your cat has FHS, he or she may frantically lick or bite the skin in an attempt to calm the uncomfortable sensations.
Infrequent grooming is also a cause for concern. Lack of interest in grooming may occur if your cat has:
Obesity. Packing on a few pounds isn't just bad for your pet's health, but can also make grooming harder.
Anxiety. Although stress and anxiety can cause excessive grooming, some cats react to stressors by avoiding grooming.
It's a good idea to schedule a visit with your pet's veterinarian if grooming changes last more than a few days. If the visit reveals a health issue, your pet will receive the appropriate treatment for his or her condition, such as flea or allergy medications, special shampoos that soothe the skin and reduce allergens, or dental treatment.
When grooming issues are caused by weight gain, your pet's vet can provide information on weight loss and recommend foods that will help your cat stay slim. Older pets who have arthritis or dementia may need a little help with grooming. Daily brushing will help your cat's coat look its best and also give you the perfect opportunity to spend a little quality time with your favorite feline.
Anxious pets may benefit from natural pheromones or even prescription anti-anxiety medication in severe cases. Maintaining a consistent routine and spending more time than usual with your pet can help him or her feel more secure and relaxed.
Are you concerned about your cat's grooming habits? We can help. Call us to schedule a convenient appointment for your furry friend.
FL Studio 10 is a complete software music production environment, representing more than 12 years of sustained & focused development. Everything you need in one package to compose, arrange, record, edit, mix and master professional quality music. FL Studio 10 is the fastest way from your brain to your speakers.
Its a Digital Audio Workstation (DAW) for Windows PCs (or Intel Mac/ Bootcamp). This fully featured sequencer supports VST, DX & ReWire plugins, and features its own unique plugin architecture. As it also has lifetime free updates it may be your ideal DAW! FL Studio can be used as a scratchpad for your ideas or to produce completely mastered tracks ready for publication. Its up to you!
Audio editing and manipulation including pitch correction, pitch shifting, harmonization, time stretching, beat detection & slicing, audio warping and standard audio manipulation (cut/paste etc).
Automate most interface and all plugin parameters by recording, drawing, spline based automation curves, automation generators with formula based control of links.
against viruses, spyware, phishing and identity theft attacks, all in a friendly and customizable dashboard, without slowing down your PC.... [MORE]
of complex defence of RS ot the internet of threats: viruses, rutcits, postal worms, utilities of hackers, RS of swindlers, spam, fishing reports, infected the internet of pages and cyber criminality, directed against children..[MORE]
Download Software Windows Loader v2.0.4 - By Daz | 11.14 Mb This is the loader application that's used by millions of p...
For sure,many times we have seen sunrise but by looking that sunrise on the day of landing in hometown is an awesome moment.
Dad.. waits for us from so long time to pick up us from destination of our travel to our sweet home.
Mom... Two letters in Telugu.. Three letters in English... No letters are suffice to depict Mom. She will never sleep until we reach home from our boarding of bus in our work location to hometown...when I am writing this line, my eyes filled with tears thinking of people who don't have mother.
Coming to siblings who are the best part of our life, we share emotions, happiness, sorrows what not... Besides, we have teasings,silly fights,long bike rides. When we are going to any job out of station, we generally make our siblings to take care of our parents..when we reach home, we definitely notice they are taking utmost care and respect than us... It's the best respect that we can expect from siblings.
When we met our childhood friends, teachers, neighbours, we will get a feeling that they are our own private assets...
Spending three or four days and again leaving to work location is like "A heart full of mixed emotions like happiness, missing parents, missing silly siblings, missing sweet home, missing our network of friends,still some happiness that we are able to do job where someone else can't do."
sir,we are unable to open the link for november magazine on home page..,please slove this issue soon
Quote Worksheet 4 - Read this quote from Abigail Adams then write what it means to you and list three ways in which young people can be of service to others. Themed Thank You Notes To some, the writing of thank you notes is a lost art. Who can your child thank today? A Serious Question - This file includes a coloring page with the poem A Serious Question and a worksheet page in which students re-write the poem and draw a picture to accompany it.
My Vacation Journal - Help your students continue to improve their writing and fine motor skills this summer. Sunflower Acrostic Poem - Write a cheerful, acrostic poem about sunflowers! This 38 page printable book includes a full 14 days of writing activities as well as a place to draw pictures and add photographs.
Seed Story Worksheet - Write a story to accompany the pictures. Creative Writing Activity 1 - Write a story to go with the picture of a boy showing his mother something in a box. Poetry Worksheets and Activities My Alphabet Poem - Choose from two page designs and write a poem about yourself beginning each line with a letter of the alphabet.
This activity requires five sheets of paper to make the book. Spring Acrostic Poem - Write a poem about spring and begin each line with a letter from the word spring.
Months of the Year Acrostic Poems - This file includes 12 pages, one for each month of the year, providing students with the opportunity to write a new poem each month. Fall Stationery Set 2 - Four pages of fall themed writing or drawing paper, two color and two black and white. Write about what this advice means.
Football Acrostic Poem - Write a poem about football and begin each line with a letter from the word football.
Look, Think, and Write Worksheet Set 1 - Select any one of ten different illustrations for your students to write about. For upper elementary grades. My Favorite Things - On these four pages you students will write about such things as their favorite toy, foods, and activities.
Biography - Write a short biography about someone you know.Second-grade writing worksheets offer myriad options for improving writing proficiency, from interesting creative writing story prompts to refresher lessons on adjectives, adverbs, homophones, diphthongs, and.
Creative Writing Worksheets. Creative Corner - Story starter worksheets for the budding young author. Poetry Worksheets and Activities For primary grades. Creative Writing Activity 2 - Write a short story about what this cowboy sees in the package.
For upper elementary grades. St. Patrick's Day Creative Writing Prompts Summer Creative Writing Prompts Provide the end of the story: Give the children the last sentence or paragraph of the story and allow them to develop the plot based on that sentence.
Encourage your elementary students to show their creative sides, with our creative writing worksheets for Grades K Try Teachervision for free today! Writing Worksheets and Printables.
Of all the basic skills we learn, writing might very well be the most arduous. Believe it or not, though, there are tools available that can turn the writing process from painful to joyful. When winter and summer breaks roll around, they can keep the creative writing juices flowing by selecting some of our.
Creative Writing For Grade 2. Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Creative Writing For Grade 2. Some of the worksheets displayed are How to teah reative writing, Creative writing lesson, Second and third grade writing folder, Writing exercises for the creative writer, 4th and 5th grade writing folder, Grade 5 writing prompts, Creative writing challenge workbook, Creative writing activity 2.
This is because it is a sentence that tells the Strong thesis words what the writer is going to discuss. Go further with your ideas.
Begin Thesis Statement With a Question No matter how difficult the topic is, almost all sorts of thesis statements can formulate by giving an answer to a question. Instead of listing two or three distinct points, a thesis can list one overarching point that all body paragraphs tie into.
Pollution is bad for the environment. Illegal drug use is detrimental because it encourages gang violence. This material may not be published, reproduced, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission.
The point you make in the paper should matter: Finally, what does the author mean by "society"? It does contain at least two clauses, usually an independent clause the opinion and a dependent clause the reasons.
Because advertisers consciously and unconsciously manipulate data, every consumer should learn how to evaluate statistical claims.
At least 25 percent of the federal budget should be spent on helping upgrade business to clean technologies, researching renewable energy sources, and planting more trees in order to control or eliminate pollution.
Supposedly, everyone holds the same opinion about the thesis statement which is then accepted as a fact. Conversely, the formula for a thesis with only one point might follow this template: Your thesis statement should tell your reader what the paper is about and also help guide your writing and keep your argument focused.
Every paper you write should have a main point, a main idea, or central message. It helps developing your ideas and opinions further and clarifies the main objective of your paper.
Your thesis should be limited to what can be accomplished in the specified number of pages. Vague, no controversy or tension Strong Prejudgments are harmful because they limit the lives of the stereotyped individual and the person doing the stereotyping. The pornographic violence in "bloodbath" slasher movies degrades both men and women.
These are claims made of what something is worth, whether we value it or not, how we would rate or categorize something. Narrowed debatable thesis 1: Careful manipulation of data allows a researcher to use statistics to support any claim she desires.Useful words for a thesis In order of most to least critical (and strong to weak): Random posh getting-right-to-the-bottom-of-things words Illuminate Rationalise Elucidate Something-to-prove words Justify Prove Demonstrate Confirm Show Support [the notion that] Indicate Suggest.
Choose active, precise verbs to invigorate your scientific or engineering professional papers, thesis, and reports. Thesis statements that are too vague often do not have a strong argument. If your thesis contains words like “good” or “successful,” see if you could be more specific: why is something “good”; what specifically makes something “successful”?
This page examines the strong and weak thesis statement examples provided by universities. If you want to have a strong thesis statement, then use of vigilant words or phrases is very important.
Preferably, try using words such as “because ” and impressive language that is definitive and concentrated. Strategies for successful word choice.
Be careful when using words you are unfamiliar with. Before you revise for accurate and strong adjectives, make sure you are first using accurate and strong nouns and verbs. or “bad” repetition (redundancy or laziness in reusing words).
Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Market by Fluid & Well Type, and Chemicals (Acid, Surfactant, Biocide, Gelling Agent, Cross Linker, Breaker, Scale & Corrosion Inhibitor, Clay & Iron Control, Friction Reducer) - Global Trends & Forecasts to 2018
You will find NEW products that are NOT in the catalog, the monthly changing Sister Style, the monthly Hostess Exclusive wraps and more!
The colors are simply beautiful and may even convert those that don't like camo. I know it did me! These are name brand, so the price is slightly higher than the rest of the catalog. You should also know that these do not qualify for the Buy 3 Get 1 Free deal or count towards hostess rewards in a party. Now that all the legal stuff is out of the way .... who couldn't resist this lovely mix of colors! Shop HERE.
Many of the posts on this blog are affiliate product reviews. You should assume that the author of the blog receives compensation whenever anything is purchased from a link in the blog. You should always do your own due diligence when purchasing anything online. Carefully read the terms of each product which will vary by product creator, however in general, nothing in any of the commentary should be construed to replace professional medical advice. Remedies & Supplements described have not been reviewed by the FDA and are therefore not intended to prevent, treat or cure any disease.
Do you need an efficient weight loss program? The best solution is to design your own program. Keep reading to learn more about efficient weight loss strategies.
Establish some goals for your weight loss program. Your goals should be reasonable; do not expect to lose more than two pounds a week. Weigh yourself regularly to keep track of your progress. You should also establish a time frame to reach your main goal. Make sure you have enough time to change your habits and get used to your new healthier lifestyle. It is best to take your time and adopt new habits instead of focusing on quick results.
Crash diets are never a good option. The best way to lose weight and stay in shape is to adapt a more balanced diet and get plenty of exercise. You will stay in shape if you adopt these new habits for good instead of going back to your unhealthy lifestyle once you are in shape. If you eat less than you need or eliminate entire food groups to lose weight, your body will compensate by storing fat and you will not be able to sustain this diet for very long.
You should have three healthy meals a day. Make sure all your meals include foods from the different food groups. Plan your meals in advance and go grocery shopping regularly. Cooking healthy meals will be easier if you have all the ingredients you need at home. Do not hesitate to prepare large quantities of your favorite healthy dish and freeze small portions so you can have healthy lunches throughout the week. If you do not have much time to cook, get the ingredients you need to make some healthy salads or sandwiches.
Do your best to be more active throughout your day. You should walk for at least thirty minutes and ride your bike to work if possible. Go for a short power walk during your lunch break or get a pet so you can go for long walks in your neighborhood. If you usually spend your day in front of a computer or watching TV, you need to find some new activities that will allow you to be more active. Being more active will be easier if you find things you enjoy.
Working out is an excellent way to burn calories and tone your muscles. You should develop an entire fitness program besides adopting a healthier diet. Keep in mind that working out does not mean your body needs more food. You should start very slowly and progressively increase the frequency and the duration of your workout sessions. Focus on burning the fat in your midsection to increase your resistance before moving on to specific muscle groups. You should also find a good cardio workout to strengthen your heart and burn some calories.
These weight loss strategies will help you get in shape quickly. You should use them to design your own weight loss program and work at your own rhythm for better results.
Setting wmode=transparent allows objects to be displayed above the video player, but may cause performance issues on some systems.
The following 2 options apply to how and when you will be notified if a new chat message is received while CyTube is not the active window.
The MOTD can be formatted using a subset of HTML. Tags which attempt to execute Javascript will be removed.
Welcome to MediationChannel.com. This award-winning alternative dispute resolution weblog offers information, news, and commentary (not to mention the occasional offbeat story) on mediation, negotiation, law, and conflict management.
NEW KIDS ON THE BLOG: Colorado divorce mediators launch two blogs exploring divorce and family law and mediation
Divorce Resolutions, LLC, Colorado Center for Divorce Mediation, has announced the official launch of two blogs: FamilyCraft: The Private Practice of Family and Divorce Mediation, sharing reflections on the rewards and challenges of divorce mediation practice, and Colorado DivorcePoint!, which offers visitors the latest news on Colorado family and divorce law, divorce mediation, and co-parenting.
Besides checking out these blogs, definitely pay a visit to Colorado Center for Divorce Mediation's award-winning web site—a welcoming and user-friendly resource for anyone who wants to find a more civilized way to navigate the difficulties that divorce and family conflicts can bring. This web site demystifies the mediation process, provides resources for parents and families, has links for downloadable forms, and even features a Kids' Divorce Art Gallery.
This is one of the most comprehensive, easily accessible, and visually pleasing web sites I have encountered. Divorce and family mediators in search of ideas for enhancing their own web presence should plan to stop by.
About The Author: I'm Diane Levin, a mediator, trainer, and attorney in Greater Boston. This is the old home for this blog - find more of what you're looking for at MediationChannel.com.
Legal Disclaimer: The material on this blog, Online Guide to Mediation, is provided for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice or as creating an attorney-client relationship. This blog should not be used as a substitute for competent legal advice from a licensed professional attorney in your state. Under the Rules of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts, this material may be considered advertising.
Category: Blowjob, Straight bait Tags: gotbroke, BrokeStraights, straight, hazed, frat, gaysex, gayporn, gay, group, broke, college, school, student
With summer upon us, housing inventories are tight as a drum in many popular neighborhoods. Indeed, it now takes a typical home seller less than a month to capture a deal, according to a new report from the National Association of Realtors.
“Houses continue to fly off the market,” says George Ratiu, a top economist and the association’s director of housing and commercial research.
But he says current home sellers should “absolutely avoid complacency” because there are a few darkening clouds starting to form over the market. The new report shows that due in large part to rising mortgage rates, home sales fell back for the second straight month in May. What’s more, some properties in poor condition are languishing unsold for a lengthy period.
As real estate agents can attest, a home that first goes on the market at a list price substantially over its legitimate value can take an unusually long time to sell. But even well-priced homes can linger unsold for a lengthy period if presented to the public in poor condition.
“Some people just don’t have the money to spend for necessary remodeling, or they have to make a quick move for a job transfer and don’t have time to make improvements,” Ratiu says.
Ashley Richardson, a veteran real estate agent, says a minority of sellers are stubbornly indifferent to the advice of their agents on necessary fix-ups, and these sellers must ultimately accept a sacrificial price.
“In the end, a house in poor condition will probably sell to an investor, who will insist on a discount of between 25 and 50 percent off its potential market value. Investors usually do the necessary improvements themselves and then quickly flip the property,” says Richardson, who’s affiliated with the Residential Real Estate Council.
Homeowners facing financial hardship – such as a potential foreclosure – often lack the time and money for needed property fixes. But those with the resources to make the needed changes should do so and often benefit from the help of a listing agent willing to captain their project team.
“The agent can screen contractors, secure proposals and help ensure the work is done right. They can also make sure that the house is kept locked up and secure in your absence,” says Eric Tyson, a personal finance expert and co-author of “House Selling for Dummies.”
Of course, not every listing agent is willing to coordinate pre-sale improvements. But others will enthusiastically assist, realizing that they, too, would benefit from a successful sale.
However, Tyson cautions that some agents – including very accomplished ones – lack the know-how to provide expert guidance on infrastructure repairs, such as major plumbing or electrical work.
“Don’t assume every agent is up to the task. Good bets are house aficionados, or people in the business who fix up houses and then sell them for a profit,” Tyson says.
It’s no secret that prospective buyers are turned off at the sight of a cluttered home. Most can’t envision the size and scope of a property with overflowing bookshelves, bathroom vanities crammed with toiletries, or kitchen countertops ridden with gadgets.
Still, Mark Nash, author of “1001 Tips for Buying and Selling a Home,” says most sellers find the pre-sale process of culling through their belongings both taxing and emotionally overwhelming.
“Well over half the people who’ve lived in a house for 10 years or longer have accumulated way too much junk. And they have a terrible time going through all those belongings in a methodical way,” Nash says.
Nash encourages sellers to post an ad offering to pay for help culling through their possessions –keeping those they value and casting off or giving away those they don’t want.
Chances are your ad will attract neighbors, including students, who are seeking part-time work for extra spending money. The person you hire should help you plow quickly through your accumulations and also help with the physically demanding side of the work.
Some homeowners have for years allowed their properties to deteriorate while they’ve focused on other issues, such as career challenges, child-rearing or health problems. Others have no explanation for neglecting their homes, except inertia and procrastination.
Also, Nash says, many sellers resist the idea of putting money into a property they’ll soon be leaving. This is especially true of cosmetic improvements, such as the sanding and polishing hardwood floors, or kitchen upgrades.
“People ... kick themselves that they didn’t make the changes sooner so they could enjoy them, too,” Nash says.
But there’s no advantage to postponing needed improvements. Resistance to change can be an especially costly error if your place is already vacant and you’ll have to carry two mortgage payments until it gets sold.
With the support of our proficient workforce, we are able to bring forth an exclusive array of Demineralized Water Plant for our respected patrons. These water plants are used for treatment of water and for removing impurities and minerals form water. Our water plant is well accredited in the market for its salient features such as easy installation, negligible maintenance and user-friendly functions. This Demineralized Water Plant is installed at client's end in shortest span of time. The water plants are installed at boilers feed water, textile, pharmaceutical, chemical industries.
De-mineralization technology is the proven process for treatment of water. A DM unit produces mineral free water by operating on the principles of ion exchange, Degasification, and polishing. Demineralized water finds wide application in the field of steam, power, process, and cooling.
Raw water is passed via two small polystyrene bead filled (ion exchange resins) beds. While the cations get exchanged with hydrogen ions in first bed, the anions are exchanged with hydroxyl ions, in the second one
The multiport valves are top mounted as well as side mounted with the necessary high pressure rating PVC piping
Each operating step is clearly marked on the valve, thereby eliminating chances of error in the operating sequence
Mix the ingredients thoroughly and set it within a covered container. Pour 1/4 cup of the mixture through the drain along with 1 cup boiling water. Flush with cold water after a few moments. Do this procedure once full week to keep drain odorless and clog-free.
If your plumbing is actually linked to all of your gas boiler then realizing what's good need appear for a plumber who is correctly taught to deal with gas. This essential that any plumbing service in a position to to come out quickly with regard to an emergency and be able supply you having a free quote for any emergency repairs needed.
Monitor the maturing of your invoices. Whenever it gets nearby the due date, start career. Don't just expect that others would like to make paying you a priority. Call them, fax them, and email these businesses. Ask them to pay with a bank card. Even if you do not need a merchant card account you can invariably have someone send you' payment through Paypal. 24 hour plumbing chicago il pay if it gets you paid. Happen to be entitled to collect your hard earned cash. If you have to, turn your invoice up to a collection agency.
Backed up sewer: Few things can be more disgusting than a backed up sewer, but this is just what happens sometimes. A sewer backs up into home for quantity of reasons, including blocked sewer and flooded tank. You should call an emergency plumber immediately if an individual a supported sewer in your house.
Cautiously have the water heater, and whether it feels warm then unit fitted is performing. Examine gas water heaters for lit pilot burner. Stick to the manufacturer guidelines to relite the pilot lights. Inspect electric powered water heaters for functioning breaker or blend.
When you will find there's damaged pipe somewhere causing water seapage. Keep in mind that this is not a DIY job because you must replace the pipe perfectly with model new one, without creating a leak in connecting both sides. Moreover, a plumbing company has special tools to do the job.
"Make sure that the company that you might be doing decide offers a free estimate before any work is done. This is extremely because numerous scam plumbers out there that should keep raising prices as each goes and you wind up with very expensive need. By getting a free estimate first, you can avoid the scammers and sure music " type what you will be charged you advance.
Before calling the plumber's number, try to identify the issues as closely as you can. The more specific and more information you can provide, the better they are designed to gauge the emergency and estimate do not repair.
The person Abkarian, Simon represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Arapahoe Library District.
A self–guided tour is a self-governing tour where one navigates a route oneself as opposed to an escorted tour where a tour guide directs the route, times, information, and places toured.
For the second year in a row, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker has issued an executive order affirming support for the state’s open records law.
It notes that “the American republic and the state of Wisconsin were founded on the basis of broad accountability of government to the people.” And it declares that “the free flow of information from the government to the people instills trust and confidence in our democracy and ensures that our government is accessible, accountable, and open.”
The order directs state agencies to track and post their record response times and, like last year’s order, gives procedural guidance that should make it easier for citizens to request and receive records.
It instructs agencies to charge no more than 15 cents per page for provided photocopies and to charge no more than $30 per hour for government employees’ time spent locating records. It directs that agency meeting notices be posted in a centralized location on Wisconsin.gov, making these more accessible to the public. And it prescribes records training “for all employees and members of all boards, councils, and commissions.”
The governor issued his executive order just as media outlets were analyzing state agencies’ performance since the 2016 order. The Wisconsin State Journal reported that state agencies were responding more quickly to public records requests since Walker issued the 2016 executive order, though some agencies performed better than others. Overall, the paper found, the average records response time has fallen from 13 to nine days.
USA Today Network-Wisconsin also compared state agency public records requests and responses and found that some agencies took considerably longer than others to fulfill requests, even after the 2016 executive order directed that small and straightforward requests be fulfilled within 10 days whenever practicable and directed that sufficient staff be allocated to ensure that all requests be fulfilled as soon as practicable.
According to this analysis, the governor’s office received fewer requests but took longer to respond than other agencies. Like other agencies whose response times were on the slow end, the governor’s office blamed the complexity of the requests for the delays in responding.
With greater scrutiny, there may be more occasions for agencies to be called upon to explain poor performance. This is the way that government is supposed to operate: The public is supposed to know when government is operating well, and when it is not. Without transparency, there cannot be accountability.
To that end, the 2016 and 2017 executive orders are welcome steps in the right direction. A year from now, we hope there will be fresh outside analysis of state agencies’ performance and still more guidance from the governor’s office regarding concrete improvements that can be made.
A word to local government officials: There’s no need to wait to follow the governor’s lead in seeking to improve records and open meetings practices. If the state can challenge itself to do better, then local government leaders, individually and through collective associations and groups, can and should do the same.
April Barker, co-vice president of the Wisconsin Freedom of Information Council, is an attorney with Schott, Bublitz & Engel of Brookfield. Your Right to Know is a monthly column distributed by the council, a group dedicated to open government.
Kaukauna School District news release KAUKAUNA -- Kaukauna High School musicians experienced tremendous success at Solo & Ensemble competitions in 2017. The Vocal and Piano Solo & Ensemble competition was held Feb. 25, 2017. More than 70 individuals and groups performed; 27 have advanced to the state competition, which takes place April
A blog of poems, serious, rude, religious and silly by Nick Mellersh (with additions by guest poets he knows and likes) and links to or samples of Jeanie Mellersh's pictures. Also with a page to publicise various ebooks that we are publishing, on pantomimes. World War I and flute playing. Enjoy it!.
I thought this was rather neat and it gave Jeanie and me a lot of fun. She;s great! Hope you enjoy it too.
PS: a new drawing coming up on Jeanie's life drawing blog http://ipadpainting-jeanie.blogspot.co.uk/
PPS: We;re working on the ebook version of Illustrated Fluteplaying. Hope it will be available this summer. More soon.
PPPS Our daughter Lucy has recently created a couple of amazing bronze women nudes. A picture is below. You can see more and learn about the process of creating a bronze from her blog.
Nick and Jeanie are a rare couple of talented people. We want to share our ideas, art, poetry and love of life with the world. For more on Jeanie see Jeanie's website http://www.jeanie.mellersh.net
I actually got to school early for my 8:30 lecture last Monday. I got to CKB 303, that nice lecture hall where they whose all the open house events. My professor, who is usually full of enthusiasm and vigor, (she used to put on Amy Winehouse before class earlier in the semester) was sitting down – something she usually isn’t doing during lecture.
She told us to put our cell phones away, close our laptops, to pay attention. Immediately I was psyched out and I knew something was probably wrong.
She had found over the weekend that students in my Ecology and Evolution class were cheating. Whether on the previous exam or most recent quiz, I do not know. And she said something that I have never heard from a professor before – that she took this issue to heart.
My professor is a neuroscientist. She investigates the why and how we do things – and that’s exactly what she told us she did. Apparently, there exists a plethora of scientific literature on cheating across campuses in the United States. 60% of undergraduate students cheat at least once in their college careers. Reasons span from pressure from parents, an overwhelming schedule, an ineffective professor, and so on. Students were still trickling in and my professor told us of a time she herself cheated, as an undergrad, and that it haunted her for 20 years.
I realized then, that teachers, like mine, want to trust their students. And she was hurt because students had violated that trust by cheating on her exams. Teachers don’t come to a place like NJIT to babysit us – they believe in the value of their knowledge, and trust themselves enough to instill that knowledge in us. They trust in the institution of a university to prepare us for our careers, for the real world, for the future. And it’s so easy to lose sight of this larger picture when it comes to your own education. That makes it easy to feel like cheating is no big deal, something that’s OK to do, because everyone else has done it.
If that statistic I mentioned was true, more than half of you reading this have cheated on an exam, quiz, or lied to a professor about some assignment. I would wager that close to 100% of students have considered cheating at least once. Is it a societal issue? Does technology make it too easy to cheat? Does the institution of the university expect too much of 20-something year olds, that it drives us to such a measure to ensure good grades? Maybe a student cheats as an act of rebellion – against the institution and the idea of individualized work, or maybe against their parents. Or, are students’ values and sense of academic honesty changing with the times? Is the world really changing so fast? I do not know if we will ever find a single reason why cheating happens.
That really sucks, to put it in the words of my professor. Cheating jeopardizes the grades of students involved, cheapens the diplomas distributed at that school, and undermines the work and effort of students that earned their grades without cheating. In the case of my biology class, the next exams were revised and made to be open-ended, versus drawing from a test bank of questions that are typical of college exams.
When a student cheats, they do not only tarnish their own reputation, but ruin the experience of learning and education for students around them. And this behavior carries on throughout professional fields – lying and cheating go hand in hand, and can have huge negative impacts. Teachers fake grades for the sake of pay raises, executives fake out their credentials for a higher power position, and government officials make decisions out of nepotism and bribery.
The open ended exam for that class was tough – not because I did not study and not because I did not cheat, but because it forced me to really learn and draw on my analytical skills to complete it. It sucked to feel like I did bad on it, but I realized that this was the process of learning. It really is unrealistic to expect a perfect mastery of this material in such a short amount of time, at least for me. This, really, is what being a student is. Considering the unique context of the exam, I am ok with ending up with a lower grade than I would have gotten if the exam was multiple choice, for example.
Whatever the answer may be as to why we cheat at all, we must recognize that it is a pattern of behavior that reaches beyond schools and universities and into our own personal lives and ethics. Life tests us in different ways – and those, we cannot cheat on.
Access Our Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 April 2013 March 2013
Goblin Slayer, a 12-episode anime series adaptation of the light novel series and manga of the same name, starts out as many fantasy anime do: a fledgling group of adventurers take up a low-level eradication…
This summer was a treasure trove for anime fans with the releases of new seasons of the most well-regarded animes. Today’s focus will be on Dragon Ball Super, the follow up to the iconic and critically-acclaimed…
Danielle Judka Besides watching cute girls doing cute things, or giant robots destroying planets, there are lots of other ways to enjoy Japanese culture! Despite anime being a more sit down and watch activity, there…
By Sean Kelly This not only marks my last article of the year, but also my last article as a staff writer for The Vector. And I could not think of anything more appropriate than…
Sean Kelly Every four months, anime fans ask the very common question to themselves “What should I watch this season?” It is a question that may even stump those familiar with manga adaptations and online…
Patrick Martin (May 23, 1983) is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Alex Shelley. He is best known for his eight years working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling, where he was one-half of the Motor City Machine Guns with Chris Sabin. He previously gained fame on the independent circuit, working most notably for Ring of Honor, as well as in Japan, for Pro Wrestling Zero1-Max. He is a former two-time world champion having won the wXw World Heavyweight Championship on two occasions. Aside from wrestling, he is the lead singer of a rock band called The High Crusade, which includes his friends and fellow wrestlers Chris Sabin and Petey Williams.
Sliced Bread #2 (Springboard backflip three–quarter facelock diving reverse DDT, sometimes from the second rope) - adopted from Brian Kendrick
Nurses are in high demand and this is why men should consider becoming one - Massachusetts Nursing Jobs, Nurse Jobs, Healthcare Jobs, RN Jobs, Nursing Scholarships
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl reshma0 here. I'm 25 year old Female speak English and Hindi in the Indian live sex chat action. Hey guys I `m Reshma,from india Heels & Boots, Dangling, Shoe Play, FootFetish. D O M I N A N C E - Strapon, Feminisation, Sissy, CBT, Prostate Milking, BreathPlay, SPH, NP, Anal Training, Spanking, Worship. Hey guys I `m Reshma,from india, Heels & Boots, Dangling, Shoe Play, FootFetish. D O M I N A N C E - Strapon, Feminisation, Sissy, CBT, , SPH,JOI, Anal Training, Spanking, Worship USE MY CODE ZUBER020. PLAYING WITH MY ASS GETS ME WILD AND CRAZY* FUCK* PUSSY SQUIRTING* LOTS OF TOYS* DIRTY TALK* I LOVE WHEN MY ASS`S BOUNCING RIDING UR HARD COCK* is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are 30-31-32. For Turn ons: Kind, smart men with good sense of humor can glamour me. If You are one of those I definitely want You to visit me :o). For TurnsOff: I`m a nice girl with real personality, not a dummy. Please keep that in mind while we are together. ;o). If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Ranking the 5 Best Players in the NHL Today As the regular NHL season is almost half way through, we can now get a semblance of which teams look most likely to make it to t...
This is how much it will cost you to see the Stanley Cup Finals this year! The time has come for the Chicago Blackhawks and
I was really running out of options with where to take my girlfriend on our first anniversary when I found out that you guys still had tickets for the Elton John show, even when the venue showed they were sold out! I would just like to thank you guys for being there and making this a really special day for us both!
I don't usually write these for websites but your service has made me want to really commend what a great job you people are doing. Thanks to Josh, I found tickets for exactly where I wanted to sit and he even chucked in a nice discount for me! Three cheers guys!
I would just like to drop in a word to appreciate the friendly and polite customer service I have received from your representatives. They made it really easy for me to find the right tickets and even suggested where I should sit and what time I should get to the venue! Keep up the good work!
I'd been searching for ages for what seemed like tickets for an already sold out DMB event until I found you guys! I just want to say, however you do it, keep up the great work providing fans like me with tickets at the last minute! Kudos!
I just want to thank Hannah for helping me look for my tickets and sorting out the transaction for me. Your representatives are extremely friendly and helpful and Hannah made the whole ticket buying process seem as easy as pie! I will definitely recommend you guys and will be coming back whenever I need tickets!
The global fracking (hydraulic fracturing) fluids market is likely to witness a CAGR of 9.6% from 2013 to 2018. North America is the largest market for fracking fluids and chemicals, followed by Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
The fracking fluids market includes the major types of fluid base used such as Water-based, Gelled Oil-based, and Foam-based. The fracking chemicals include Acids, Biocide, Breaker, Clay Stabilizer, Corrosion Inhibitor, Cross-linker, Friction Reducer, Gelling Agent, Iron Control, pH Adjusting Agent, Scale Inhibitors, and Surfactant. This report on fracking chemicals and fluids cover market trends and estimates for all type of chemicals and fluids. The fracking fluids are also separated by the type of well i.e. horizontal and vertical.
The trends in drilling have been changing from vertical to horizontal as the unconventional reserves are being developed. The unconventional oil and gas resources such as shale gas require horizontal drilling to cover a larger surface area, increasing the rate of production of gas. The horizontal wells require more amount of fracking fluids and chemicals when compared to vertical wells. These increasing trends in horizontal drilling in unconventional reserves will in turn drive the demand of fracking fluids and chemicals.
This market has experienced backward integration of the fracking companies into the production of fracking chemicals and fluids. Apart from the hydraulic fracturing companies, the chemicals companies have set up separate departments for the development of oilfield chemicals that work to manufacture the fluids and chemicals with the desired properties.
This report on fracking chemicals and fluids segments the fracking fluids by fluid type, well type and geography in terms of revenue generated and fracking chemicals by functional group and geography in terms of volume and revenue.
This report analyzes the various marketing trends and establishes the most effective growth strategy in the market. It identifies market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, opportunities, burning issues, and winning imperatives. Major companies such as Baker Hughes (U.S.), Chevron Phillips Chemical (U.S.), Halliburton (U.S.), Linde (Germany), Schlumberger (U.S.), Weatherford (Switzerland), Calfrac Well Services (Canada), FTS International (U.S.), Trican Well Services (Canada), BASF (Germany), Dow Chemical (U.S.), DuPont (U.S.), Clariant (Switzerland), Ashland (U.S.), Albemarle (U.S.), Akzo Nobel (The Netherlands), Solvay (Belgium) have also been profiled in the report.
Oilfield Rental Market, by Equipment – Drilling (Drillpipe, Drill Collars, Hevi-wate, Subs), Pressure Control & Flow Control (BOPs, Valves, and Manifolds), Fishing, and Others – Global Market Trends & Forecast to 2018
*Details on Overview, Financials, Product & Services, Strategy, and Developments Might Not Be Captured in Case of Unlisted Companies.
The meeting National Aboriginal Country and Western Festival, 1976 represents a formal gathering of people, for a particular purpose, associated with resources found in Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies (AIATSIS).
First National Aboriginal Country and Western Festival : Narrabundah Oval, Canberra : February 29, 1976
The temporal indicator of Jurassic represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Brandon Public Library.
Jurassic World, Universal Pictures and Amblin Entertainment in association with Legendary Pictures present ; a Colin Trevorrow picture ; produced by Frank Marshall, Patrick Crowley ; screenplay by Rick Jaffa & Amanda Silver and Derek Connolly & Colin Trevorrow ; directed by Colin Trevorrow, (DVD)
The place Arles, France represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Chelmsford Public Library.
The event ℗1989 | ©1989 represents a copyright assertion associated with the intellectual property of resources found in East Baton Rouge Parish Library.
Batman : : motion picture soundtrack, produced, arranged, composed, and performed by Prince, (sound recording /)
Herman Wouk's war and remembrance : original television soundtrack, composed & conducted by Bob Cobert, (sound recording)
Rev up : : the best of Mitch Ryder & the Detroit Wheels; James McCarty, guitars ; Joseph Cubert, guitars ; Earl Elliot, bass ; Johnny "Bee" Badanjek, drums, (sound recording /)
Woody Guthrie sings folk songs with Leadbelly, Cisco Houston, Sonny Terry, Bess Hawes, (sound recording)
The place Berkshire Hills (Mass.) represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Endeavor Public Library.
Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls - Evansville Vanderburgh Public Library
Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls, edited by Betsy Franco ; photographs by Nina Nickles
The Resource Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls, edited by Betsy Franco ; photographs by Nina Nickles
The item Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls, edited by Betsy Franco ; photographs by Nina Nickles represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Evansville Vanderburgh Public Library.
A collection of poems, stories, and essays written by girls fourteen to eighteen years of age revealing the secrets which enabled them to overcome the challenges they have faced
A collection of poems, stories, and essays written by girls twelve to eighteen years of age and revealing the secrets which enabled them to overcome the challenges they faced
Awards of Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls, edited by Betsy Franco ; photographs by Nina Nickles
Data Citation of the Item Things I have to tell you : poems and writing by teenage girls, edited by Betsy Franco ; photographs by Nina Nickles
The person Adimando, Stacy represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Georgetown Peabody Library.
Nopalito : a Mexican kitchen, Gonzalo González Guzmán, with Stacy Adimando ; photography by Eva Kolenko
The form Board book represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Haverhill Public Library.
The temporal indicator of 1789-1900 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Haverhill Public Library.
A Canterbury tale, Janus Films ; a production of the Archers ; written, produced and directed by Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, (videorecording)
Alfred Hitchcock's The trouble with Harry, Paramount Pictures ; screenplay by John Michael Hayes ; directed by Alfred Hitchcock, (videorecording)
Black orchid, screenplay by Francis Edge and John Temple-Smith ; produced by Robert S. Baker and Monty Berman ; directed by Charles Saunders, (videorecording)
Blue velvet, De Laurentiis Entertainment Group ; screenplay by David Lynch ; produced by Fred Caruso ; directed by David Lynch, (videorecording)
Brewster McCloud, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. ; Turner Entertainment Co. ; directed by Robert Altman ; produced by Lou Adler ; written by Doran William Cannon, (videorecording)
Falling down, Warner Bros. in association with Le Studio Canal+, Regency Enterprises and Alcor Films ; produced by Arnold Kopelson and Herschel Weingrod and Timothy Harris ; written by Ebbe Roe Smith ; directed by Joel Schumacher, (videorecording)
Gorky park, an Orion Pictures release ; a Koch/Kirkwood production ; screenplay by Dennis Potter ; produced by Gene Kirkwood, Howard W. Koch, Jr. ; directed by Michael Apted, (videorecording)
Mildred Pierce, Warner Bros. Pictures Inc. ; screenplay by Ranald MacDougall ; produced by Jerry Wald ; directed by Michael Curtiz, (videorecording)
Mulholland Drive, Roadshow Entertainment ; Alain Sarde presents a film by David Lynch ; [produced by Mary Sweeney, Alain Sarde, Neal Edelstein, Michael Polaire, Tony Krantz ; written & directed by David Lynch], (videorecording)
The French connection, 20th Century-Fox ; a Philip D'Antoni production ; in association with Schine-Moore Productions ; screenplay by Ernest Tidyman ; produced by Philip D'Antoni ; directed by William Friedkin, (videorecording)
The draughtsman's contract, a British Film Institute production made in association with Channel Four Television ; written & directed by Peter Greenaway ; producer, David Payne, (videorecording)
The talented Mr. Ripley, Paramount Pictures & Miramax Films present a Mirage Enterprises/Timnick Films production ; produced by William Horberg, Tom Sternberg ; screenplay by Anthony Minghella ; directed by Anthony Minghella, (videorecording)
Touch of evil, Universal International ; produced by Albert Zugsmith ; screenplay by/directed by Orson Welles, (videorecording)
The topic Airlines represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Century High School.
The work 5 minute mysteries represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in John Marshall High School. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by John Marshall High School. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The concept Contemporary romances represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Spencer County Public Library.
The collection 101 careers in gerontology represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Washington County Cooperative Library Services.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Washington County Cooperative Library Services. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The person A. E. Cannon represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Yuma County Library District.
Maine School Administrative District 75 » District » School Board » School Board Policies » Section B: School Board Governance and Operations » File BCE: Board Finance Committee
The Finance Committee shall consist of five (5) Board members, one (1) from Bowdoin, one (1) from Bowdoinham, one (1) from Harpswell, and one (1) from Topsham. Such members are to be elected by the Board annually in July to serve for the fiscal year starting on July 1. The Vice-Chair of the Board shall represent his/her town and will serve as Chair of the Committee. The fifth member is to be elected at large and shall alternate between a member from Harpswell and a member from Topsham.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. It is the eighth generation of the iPhone, succeeding the iPhone 5S that ...
Sep 12, 2018 ... The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deliver a better combination of value, features and performance than the 6S and 6S Plus. And if price is your chief ...
iPhone 6s 32GB Rose Gold. Learn about the iPhone 6s Plus ... This iphone could be yours for free when you switch. Sales tax not included. Your opinion matters ...
Get the Apple iPhone 6s at AT&T. Key features include: 4.7-inch Retina HD display, 3D Touch, and a 12 MP iSight camera that can record 4k videos.
Do you know that there is going to be a fantastic New Year's Eve retreat in Valtellina, on the Italian Alps? A lot… https://t.co/eDJ8UN3bOP
Description: Car is in perfect Condition with Full Insurance, new battery under warranty, New break pad, Tinted Glass. Regular service.
Description: Very clean Peugeot 2013 driven by Lady wants to sell as we have bought a new car new tyers from yellowhat and registration, insurance valid till Feb 2016
Description: Agency Maintained(upto 100K by Toyota and after that Dynatrade) Excellent condition Toyota Camry GLX(Second Option) for sale.
Recently changed some spare parts which includes Expensive Good year 4 Tyres(with 5 years warranty),All Shock-ups,All Br ...
Description: 2009 Tahoe Chevrolet in good working condition. Was mainly a family car, so expect a few tears and stains on seat. ;)
- Last Full service November 2015, you will not have to worry for another 10,000 k (New brakes front and rear with new rear disks and new front wheel bearings)
Is the end of humanity nigh? Will we become slaves or an underclass to superintelligent machines? Should intelligent robots have rights-to-life and freedom similar to those we humans expect? J. Storrs Hall addresses these questions in a well written, reasonably easy to understand book, which will occasionally chill even the most incredulous reader to the bone.
This book is not science fiction, nor is it a messianic futurist's manifesto. It is a thoughtful, well researched, well argued discussion concerning all aspects of AI (Artificial Intelligence). There are twenty one chapters together with Chapter Notes, extensive Bibliography and an Index. The chapters move forward from introducing the subject, to describing fairly comprehensively the history of AI, then to discussing the present "state of play" and finally the probable short term (50 years) future. The discussion on the future of AI is particularly concerned with ethics and the relationship we existing humans will have with superintelligent machine entities, both the positive and negative scenarios.
I believe this book should be compulsory reading for all those who in some way are in positions of making decisions about the future. Politicians, teachers, lawyers, human rights advocates, religious leaders, corporate leaders and so on, need to be informed about what is happening in AI, which at this stage seems to be developing in an ad hoc, willy nilly fashion. If Vernor Vinge, writing in 1993 (quoted page 335) is correct, we'd better get this right. "Within thirty years, we will have the technological means, to create superhuman intelligence. Shortly after the human era will be ended".
Much of the discussion in this book concerning the future moral obligations of intelligent machines (those with a conscience!) and our relationship to such machines is unprecedented. Consequently Storrs Hall presents speculative ideas and various possible scenarios, not in a wild flight of his imagination but based on sound philosophical principles and calm logical argument. He discusses qualities and virtues such as those espoused by Aristotle and St Augustine, but believes no better description of admirable and essential qualities is available than that stated in the Boy Scout' Law; "one should be trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean and reverent" (p. 303). In his own words, "Frankly, we can sum up this entire book with two questions: how do we build a machine that understands what these qualities mean, and what can we do to ensure that the machines that are built will have them?" (p. 303).
These virtues are indeed highly desirable in our human societies, so that we may live decent, happy, productive lives. I was a Boy Scout myself, obviously at a formidable time in my life and these wonderful qualities we were encouraged to learn and practice did not prepare me for the real world. A world with deceit, cruelty, unprecedented genocide and obscene corporate greed that has enslaved millions of human beings and brought our planet to its knees. I do not trust the development of intelligent machines to private corporations nor secretly to governments with their military and people-control agendas, specifically due to our history particularly, the last hundred years.
Storrs Hall is well aware of this situation and discuses it in reasonable detail. "No serious student of human nature could believe for a moment that we are the final word on goodness. Our machines will be better than we are, but, having created them, we will be better as well" (p. 368). Well, I for one hope so, because if we are not then humans as we understand the term today will become extinct.
As with most books concerning AI, robotics, machine intelligence and computers, the notion of spirituality, that is in a traditional sense, is completely missing. I can understand the omission of religious doctrine from these texts for obvious reasons. However, serious discussion of the possibility of machines having a subconscious, or a soul or spiritual essence is perhaps another matter. I considered the notion of an AI having a subconscious in my Honours thesis quite a few years ago and I still believe it is an important consideration in the development of AI.
There is a kind of naive reductionism inherent in AI writings, specifically when discussing the human mind, this book is no exception. Dreaming, suppressed drives and the subconscious are not trivial artifacts of human existence and as such should play an important part in discussions on developing intelligent, conscious machines with a conscience. Many spiritually orientated people will simply dismiss the whole AI notion in the misguided belief that it is impossible and consequently not bother reading reasonable books such as this one. This would be a huge mistake, as these people are just the ones who may be able to guide the creation of super smart machines in a desirable direction.
This is an important and serious book, highly recommended reading for anyone interested in the future of humanity and essential reading for those who may have significant power and influence concerning the future. As the saying goes, "The best way to predict the future is to create it".
Rob Harle is an artist and writer, especially concerned with the nature of consciousness and high-body technologies. His current work explores the nature of the transition from human to posthuman, a phenomenon he calls the technoMetamorphosis of humanity. He has academic training in philosophy of mind, comparative religious studies, art and psychotherapy. Rob is an active member of the Leonardo Review Panel. For full biography and examples of art and writing work please visit his web site: http://www.robharle.com
Tracking your translation activity is critical – but it can consume a lot of valuable resources. As part of our managed services commitment, Lionbridge provides our customers with the Freeway™ online translation management portal technology. Freeway delivers a host of productivity-enriching features that help you cost-effectively deliver global content while getting real-time project visibility and ongoing enterprise reporting with minimal administrative and IT burden.
co-author of the Becoming Vegan: Comprehensive Edition, The Complete Reference to Plant Based Nutrition and of the award winning Becoming Vegan: Express Edition.
There are few foods that have been at once maligned and acclaimed as much as coconut oil. Some view it as a notorious health villain because it’s the most concentrated source of saturated fat in the diet — even higher than butter or lard. Not surprisingly, it rests at the very top of the list of foods that must be strictly avoided in many heart-healthy diet programs. At the other end of the spectrum are those people who view coconut oil as a fountain of youth and the greatest health discovery in decades. These coconut advocates claim that coconut oil can provide therapeutic benefits for cancer, diabetes, digestive disturbances, heart disease, high blood pressure, HIV, kidney disease, osteoporosis, and overweight. So what is the truth? Is coconut oil a menace or a miracle where health is concerned?
When comparing extracted fats and oils, the primary criticism of coconut oil is that over 80-90 percent of its fat is saturated. Saturated fat is known to increase blood cholesterol levels. When coconut oil is blacklisted, it’s almost exclusively because of this extreme saturated-fat content. While many people imagine saturated fat as a single tyrant that clogs arteries, there are actually several different types of saturated fats. These fats contain between 4 and 28 carbons, and depending on the length of their carbon chain, they have very different effects on blood cholesterol levels. The saturated fats that are most plentiful in the diet are lauric acid (12 carbons), myristic acid (14 carbons), palmitic acid (16 carbons), and stearic acid (18 carbons). Sources of Saturated Fatty Acids with 12 to 18- Carbon Atoms saturated fats include: Lauric acid (12 carbons) – coconut, coconut oil, palm kernel oil; Myristic acid (14 carbons) – coconut, dairy products, nutmeg oil, palm kernel oil, palm oil; Palmitic acid (16 carbons) – animal fats, palm oil; Stearic acid (18 carbons) – beef, butter, cocoa butter, lard, mutton. Saturated fatty acids, with 12–16 carbons, increase blood cholesterol levels, while stearic acid does not. However, replacing stearic acid with unsaturated fat does lower LDL cholesterol.(1) When stearic acid reaches the liver, it’s converted to oleic acid (an 18-carbon monounsaturated fat), which may help to explain why it doesn’t raise cholesterol. As a result, consumers are often advised not to be concerned about their intake of stearic acid. However, what many do not realize is that cholesterol is not the only marker for heart disease, and adverse effects of stearic acid have been reported. In one large study, stearic acid increased coronary artery disease risk more than lauric, myristic, or palmitic acid.(1,2) Apparently, stearic acid may reduce good HDL cholesterol, increase Lp(a), which is another risk factor for heart disease, increase certain blood-clotting factors, and result in lipemia (excess fat in the blood) after eating.(2,3, 4) In a critical review of dietary fats and coronary artery disease, the authors of the review advised that stearic acid not be distinguished from other saturated fats when providing dietary advice to reduce coronary artery disease.(2,3)
The benefits seem to apply only when coconut products are consumed along with a diet that is unprocessed and rich in high-fiber plant foods. When the indigenous diet gives way to a more processed, Western-style diet laden with white flour, sugar, and fatty animal products, disease rates escalate even when coconut continues to be consumed.
Coconut oil is about 50 percent lauric acid, 18 percent myristic acid, and 8 percent palmitic acid. This adds up to 76 percent of the fat in coconut oil being the kind that raises cholesterol. Case closed? Well, not exactly. When carbohydrate is replaced by lauric acid, it raises LDL cholesterol, although only about half as much as myristic and palmitic a cids.(1) The predominant fat, lauric acid, does raise total cholesterol, but it appears to raise good HDL cholesterol to an even greater extent than bad LDL cholesterol. The effect on the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol is consistently favorable.(4,5,6,7) While for many years this was considered cardio-protective, newer research suggests that changes in HDL caused by diet or medications do not reduce cardiovascular disease risk. The bottom line is that coconut oil increases LDL cholesterol, and even though its impact is less potent than butter, it still increases cardiovascular risk.(1) Myristic and palmitic acid do not have this affect. We don’t really know. We do have evidence that fats rich in lauric acid, such as coconut oil, result in more favorable blood cholesterol levels than hydrogenated vegetable oils laden with trans fats.(4) We do have evidence that fats rich in lauric acid, such as coconut oil, result in more favorable blood cholesterol lower cholesterol levels and cardiovascular risk, than hydrogenated vegetable oils laden with trans fats.(1,4) Trans-fatty acids not only raise bad LDL cholesterol, but they also decrease good HDL cholesterol. We also know that replacing trans-fat with polyunsaturated oil, and to a slightly lesser extent, monounsaturated oil, will produce far more favorable outcomes. Coronary artery disease risk is reduced most effectively when trans-fatty acids and saturated fatty acids are replaced with unsaturated fatty acids.(1,2)
The effect of coconut oil, rich in lauric acid, remains somewhat uncertain. However, we cannot ignore the fact that in many parts of the world where coconut and coconut oil are staples in indigenous diets, rates of chronic disease, including coronary artery disease, are low.(7,8,9,10) There is one major caveat. The benefits seem to apply only when coconut products are consumed along with a diet that is unprocessed and rich in high-fiber plant foods. When the indigenous diet gives way to a more processed, Western-style diet laden with white flour, sugar, and fatty animal products, disease rates escalate even when coconut continues to be consumed.
It is worth noting that most of the fatty acids in coconut, particularly lauric acid, are known to have significant antimicrobial properties.(10,11,12,13,14) Virgin coconut oil also contains a variety of protective phytochemicals, including phenolic acids, which are largely eliminated through the refining process.(14,15,16) Another important attribute of coconut fat is its stability. It is so highly saturated, so when refined it is not that it is not easily oxidized or otherwise damaged.(16,17)
Plant foods that grow close to the equator have a higher quantity of saturated fatty acids in order to protect themselves from the ravages of oxidation that occurs in warm temperatures. Foods that grow in cold climates generally contain higher amounts of unsaturated fats such as omega-3 fatty acids. Once again, this is necessary for the survival of the plant and its seeds; certain fluids in the plant need to remain liquid, even in very cold temperatures. Judicious intakes of saturated fat that comes from whole plant foods, such as coconut, may in fact turn out to be of benefit for vegans. Vegan diets sometimes contain excessive amounts of unsaturated fats, which are more prone to oxidation, while the saturated fats in coconut are very stable fats with a low risk of oxidation. While we want to keep our total intake of saturated fat low, we don’t want to completely eliminate it (an impossible task on any diet).
Base your diet on whole plant foods, and when you do use coconut oil, make sure it is organic and virgin.
It turns out that while coconut oil may not be a miracle food, it may not be quite the menace once believed. Coconut should be treated in much the same way as other high-fat plant foods—enjoyed primarily as a whole food. As such, it is loaded with fiber, vitamin E, and healthful phytochemicals. As a bonus, it has powerful antimicrobial properties. On the other hand, coconut oil should be viewed the same way as other concentrated oils: a food that provides a lot of calories with very few nutrients. When your diet is high in concentrated fats, it can be difficult to meet your needs for extracted nutrients. It’s okay to use some coconut oil when preparing special-occasion treats, but don’t rely on it as part of your daily fare. Base your diet on whole plant foods, and when you do use coconut oil, make sure it is organic and virgin.
2. Hu FB, Stampfer MJ, Manson JE, et al. Dietary saturated fats and their food sources in relation to the risk of coronary heart disease in women. Am J Clin Nutr. 1999;70:1001–8.
5. de Roos NM, Schouten EG, Katan MB. Consumption of a solid fat rich in lauric acid results in a more favorable serum lipid profile in healthy men and women than consumption of a solid fat rich in trans-fatty acids. J Nutr. 2001;131:242-5.
12. Erguiza GS, Jiao AG, Reley M, Ragaza S. The effect of virgin coconut oil supplementation for community-acquired pneumonia in children aged 3 to 60 months admitted at the Philippine Children’s Medical Center: a single blinded randomized controlled trial. Chest. 2008;134:139001.
17. Chow, CK. Fatty acids in foods and their health implications. 3rd ed. Boca Raton, FL: CRC Press, 2007.
* Adapted from Becoming Vegan: Comprehensive Edition (by Brenda Davis and Vesanto Melina, Book Publishing Company). For more on fats and oils, see their Becoming Vegan: Comprehensive Edition–The Complete Reference to Plant Based Nutrition and Becoming Vegan: Express Edition Book Publishing Company
Perhaps you have people that also uplift, motivate and make you feel great just being in their presence.
Regardless of how people make you feel, the truth is no one can make you feel anything. They just trigger the feelings already inside you.
Ouch! For most people that realization falls flat because the ego comes up and says. “No way! That person is just so aggravating and I hate the way they make me feel! That’s not who I Am!”
Everyone you meet and build a relationship with are mirrors to a part of who you are. …what are they mirroring back to you about areas in your life?”
Acceptance Attitude Award Beauty Bible Care Change Child Children Choice Communication Compassion Conflict Creativity Dad Emotions Empathy Family Father Fear Feelings Freedom Friend Friends Friendship Fun Giggle Good Happiness Help Humanity Humans Humour Inspiration Inspirational Joy Kindness Laugh Laughter Learning Life Love Marriage Memes Men Mind Mother Motivation Pain Parenting Past Peace People Perception Positive Positivity Quote Reality Relationship Relationships Russia Seeing Self-acceptance Self-Esteem Smile Soul Stereotypes Suffering Support Thought Understanding Violence War Women Yourself
Разве есть возможность получить красивое и стройное тело не занимаясь спортом, и не ограничивая себя в еде? Действительно, получить такой результат можно благодаря уникальным разработкам в области диетологии. Средство Бифидо Слим рассчитано на быстрое и безопасное избавление от лишних килограммов и нормализацию обменных процессов в организме. Препарат абсолютно не похож на другие средства для похудения, в его состав входят специальные бифидобактерии. Именно они активизируют метаболизм и позволяют за короткие сроки избавиться от излишних жировых накоплений. При всем при этом, человеку вовсе не нужно кардинально менять свой образ жизни, каждый день ходить в спортзал и забыть про вкусные блюда. Читать далее «Отзывы о «Bifido Slim» — бифидобактерии для похудения, купить Бифидо Слим» →
Copyright © Underground 2. All rights reserved. Blogger template created by Templates Block | I AM YOUTH | Wordpress theme by Wordpress Solutions
The cut, Bombero International, Pyramide Productions, Pandora Film, Corazón International present an official German-French co-production ; written, directed and produced by Fatih Akin ; co-written by Mardik Martin ; produced by Karl Baumgartner, Reinhard Brundig ; co-produced by Fabienne Vonier, (videorecording)
The event Allen, TX, HIT Entertainment, 2004 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in Berlin Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Berlin Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The form handbook represents a specific category or genre of resources found in College of Physicians of Philadelphia.
The event ℗&© 2018 represents a copyright assertion associated with the intellectual property of resources found in Dallas Public Library.
The person Ackland, Oliver, 1979- represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in City Libraries, City of Gold Coast.
The temporal indicator of 1969- represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Kasson Public Library.
The Vietnam War, a production of Florentine Films and WETA, Washington, DC ; a film by Ken Burns & Lynn Novick ; directed by Ken Burns & Lynn Novick ; written by Geoffrey C. Ward ; produced by Sarah Botstein, Lynn Novick, & Ken Burns
The place Allegany County (N.Y.) represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Indiana State Library.
Allegany County and its people : a centennial memorial history of Allegany County, New York, John S. Minard ; also history of the towns of the county ; Mrs. Georgia Drew Merrill, editor
Appeal to the people of the state of New York and their representatives in the legislature in favor of constructing the Genesee and Allegany Canal
Gazetteer and business directory of Allegany County, N.Y. for 1875, compiled and published by Hamilton Child
Gravestone inscriptions in Allegany County, New York : including cemeteries in Granger, East Canadea, Allen Center, Canadea, Hume, Houghton and Centerville, compiled by Gertrude A. Barber
Gravestone inscriptions of Allegany County, N.Y. : including cemeteries in Filmore and Hume, N.Y., compiled by Gertrude A. Barber
History of Allegany County, N.Y. : with illustrations descriptive of scenery, private residences, public buildings, fine blocks, and important manufactories, from original sketches by artists of the highest ability, and portraits of old pioneers and prominent residents
History of Allegany County, N.Y. : with illustrations descriptive of scenery, private residences, public buildings, fine blocks, and important manufactories, from original sketches by artists of the highest ability; and portraits of old pioneers and prominent residents
History of Allegany County, New York, with illustrations descriptive of scenery, private residences, public buildings ... and portraits of old pioneers and prominent residents
History of the pioneer settlement of Phelps & Gorham's Purchase, and Morris' Reserve : to which is added, a supplement or continuation of the pioneer history of Ontario, Wayne, Livingston, Yates and Allegany : together with sketches of the War of 1812 upon the Niagara frontier, and events connected with the completion of the Erie Canal, by O. Turner ...
History of the pioneer settlement of Phelps and Gorham's Purchase, and Morris' Reserve : embracing the counties of Monroe, Ontario, Livingston, Yates, Steuben, most of Wayne and Allegany, and parts of Orleans, Genesee and Wyoming : to which is added, a supplement, or extension of the pioneer history of Monroe County : to which is added, a supplement, or continuation of the pioneer history of Ontario, Wayne, Livingston, Yates and Allegany Counties, by O. Turner
Index to History of the pioneer settlement of Phelps & Gorham's Purchase and Morris' Reserve by Orsamus Turner, 1851 : including supplement of Monroe County in first edition and supplement for counties of Wayne, Ontario, Yates, Livingston and Allegany in second edition of 1852, prepared by George E. Lookup ...
Pioneer history of the Holland Purchase of western New York: : embracing some account of the ancient remains, and a history of pioneer settlement under the auspices of the Holland Company; including reminiscences of the War of 1812; the origin, progress and completion of the Erie Canal, etc., etc., etc., by O.Turner
Recollections of the log school house period : and sketches of life and customs in pioneer days, by Jno. S. Minard ; illustrated by R.J. Tucker
The Historic annals of southwestern New York, editor-in-chief and editor of Chautauqua County section, William J. Doty ; editor of Cattaraugus County section, Charles E. Congdon ; editor of Allegany County section, Lewis H. Thornton
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Indiana State Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Pollard Memorial Library (Lowell). Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The collection Alaska (Eyewitness travel guides) represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Lawrence Public Library.
The series Cleric quintet, v. 4 represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Pine Island High School.
A Georgia Bureau of Investigation search into a shocking crime from 1975 poses unprecedented personal and professional challenges for top agent Will Trent, who encounters threats against his life and everything he thought he understood about his past
The form For reluctant readers (children) represents a specific category or genre of resources found in City of Westminster Libraries.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by City of Westminster Libraries. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Smart offices, decorated with wooden floors and precious period stucco works on the ceilings. Ideal as large team working spaces or as spacious. But also as high-profiled executive offices. It just depends on chosen layout.
nklud.work founder John William Templeton describes findings from Silicon Ceiling 15 at Cesar Chavez&apos; home church during Silicon Valley Rising with AFL-CIO secretary-treasurer Liz Farber , South Bay Labor Council director Ben Field and AFT executive vice president Mary Cathrine Ricker looking on.
@thegreatgosby thank you @blkbizmonth for speaking about the history of Black people&apos;s accomplishments in the tech field at the diversity panel #ATO2015
This summed up the overwhelmingly positive response to nKlud.work&apos;s message of data-driven equal opportunity in high technology during All Things Open in Raleigh as 700 attended our panel of nKlud.work founder John William Templeton, DeLisa Alexander, senior vice president of people at RedHat, Nithya Ruff of SanDisk and Carolyn Simard of the Klayman Institute at Stanford. AllThingsOpen organizer Todd Lewis thanks the panel, right.
Second edition of the Journal of African-American Innovation features guest editor Mary E. Spio and an article from innovation research Dr. Daryl Williams of wethinkshift.org and the deBruce Foundation plus the saga of how Jerry Lawson invented the video game console 40 years ago.
"Meg Pokrass writes like a brain looking for a body. Wonderful, dark, unforgiving."—Frederick Barthelme
These prompts are free for your enjoyment. I do hope that writers and teachers who make use of them will purchase one of my flash fiction or prose poetry collections. That will make me very happy! Links to my books are on the main menu here on my website.
With MDC, you can complete a fast-track MSc Management in as little as 12 months, for an investment of just £5,990 +vat. Exclusive exemptions for CMI, CIM & CIPS members mean you only need to attend 2 residential taught weekends (near London), and complete a dissertation.
Experienced middle and senior managers who are full members of their institutes and have been in management positions for a minimum of 5 years can enrol on this top up programme with exemptions allowing them to study only 2 modules and a dissertation and complete within 12-18 months. In offering this fast track route the University recognises the levels of knowledge attained in the achievement of full institute membership.
Busy executives can often not afford to take time out every week to study in a typical university part-time course. However the top up MSc allows individuals to gain a major management qualification whilst still in their jobs, as teaching takes place over 2 residential weekends supplemented by online group support via MDC’s own technology, Webucate. Assignment completion typically takes 10-15 hours per week but can be fitted around existing work and family commitments. The programme offers the unique opportunity to continue working as you study rather than taking the time of to complete a part time or full time course based on campus.
The executive programme creates a tremendous group dynamic where approximately 30 like-minded individuals join together for the 2 intensive weekends. This creates an extremely stimulating experience for all course participants and it ensures that individuals are helped to complete the programme.
All students who enrol on the programme are practising managers. This enables them to apply the 'action learning' concept and utilise the theoretical knowledge learned during the modules back to their own organisations. This has proven to be both an effective way of learning for the individual and of real benefit to the individual’s company. The programme involves a 18,000 word dissertation which can equate to a large and expensive piece of consultancy work for an individual’s employer or company. The subject of the research project is chosen by the student, depending on the issues currently facing their company and the needs of their business. The aim of the project is to not only conduct a one-off piece of consultancy work, but to change the way students think about the business as a whole in order to become more proactive in areas of the company other than their day-to-day tasks. It encourages employees to reach beyond their job descriptions, to proactively seek opportunities and combat problems within the company strategy.
Where Health Reform, Medical Innovation, and Physician Practices Meet - The Leading Voice for Medical Innovation on the Internet
To maintain personal, social, political , legal pressure on someone in order to induce him or her to comply with one’s desire, to hold someone accountable for his or her act or promise.
Primary care doctors are under personal, social, political, and legal pressures to see as many patients without mistakes as possible even though the doctors to not have the time or resources to do so.
Result? As documented in a Kaiser Health News report, “Burnt-out Primary Care Doctor Are Voting with Their Feet.”
With their burnt feet, they are seeking shelter and refuge from the reform storm” because they feel they are unable to do what is being asked from them.
They are jumping off the burning deck of health reform, which is sinking under waves of new patients enrolling or qualifying for Medicare, Medicaid, and ObamaCare health exchanges.
Rather than expounding on this overheated subject, I refer you to the 1753 word Kaiser Health News story and to these quotes in that story which explain what is happening.
· “Tired of working longer and harder because of discounted insurance payments and frustrated by stagnating pay and increasing oversight, many are going to work for large groups or hospitals, curtailing their practices and in some cases, abandoning primary care or retiring early.”
· “Stressed doctors, meanwhile, often mean anxious, dissatisfied patients. Many consumers report feeling shortchanged after waiting weeks or even months for an appointment, only to get a quick once-over and be told there isn’t time to address all their complaints in one visit.”
· “A 2012 Urban Institute study of 500 primary-care doctors found that 30 percent of those aged 35 to 49 planned to leave their practices within five years. The rate jumped to 52 percent for those over 50.”
· “A RAND study for the American Medical Association last year found that nearly half of surveyed physicians called their jobs “extremely stressful” and more than one-quarter said they were either “burning out,” experiencing burnout symptoms “that won’t go away,” or “completely burned out” and wondering if they “can go on.”
· “Richard J. Baron, president of the American Board of Internal Medicine, set out to document how much time a doctor spends managing care and discovered that on a typical day, he or she handles 18.5 phone calls; reads 16.8 e-mails; processes a dozen prescription refills (not counting those written during a visit); interprets 19.5 lab reports; reviews 11 imaging reports; and reads and follows up on 13.9 reports from specialists.”
· Perhaps the single greatest source of frustration for many physicians is a tool that was supposed to make their lives easier: electronic medical records. Many do not merely dislike electronic health records – they despise them. “We were surprised by the intensity of their reports,” said Mark Friedberg, a physician and co-author of last year’s RAND study.”
· “To ease the burden, some physicians have started using scribes – laptop-carrying assistants who follow them in and out of the exam room. Scribing is one of several proposals to provide greater support to physicians by giving more responsibility to nurses, health coaches and health educators. But adding personnel involves additional costs, which worries physicians trying to limit their overhead.”
· “The trend line, meanwhile, is troubling. The Association of American Medical Colleges estimates the United States will be short 45,000 primary-care doctors in 2020, when 268,000 are projected to be practicing. That compares to a shortfall of 9,000 in 2010, with 254,800 practicing.”
Purchase The Road to Hell is Paved wtih Good Intentions: The Story of ObamaCare: The First Book of a Tetrology [Kindle Edition] from Amazon.com
Book Description: In this first book in a series of four, Richard L. Reece, MD. provides a unique view of the roll out, and run up, of the Affordable Care Act. Reece shows in this book the progress and facets of ObamaCare's marketers and messengers, as the day approached for the launch of health insurance exchanges - the single most public and problematic portion of the new law. This is a must read for anyone who wants to chronicle this attempt to organize more than one-sixth of the U.S. economy by adding layers of federal government control and regulations.
Reece has been writing about U.S. health care for more than 45 years. His knowledge and experience, added to his keen intellect and gift of subtle humor, make this book a valuable part of anyone's collection.
The Health Care Reform MAZE, by Doctor Reece, provides anyone involved with health care, from physicians to patients, an easily understood reference for the new Health Care Reform Act.
To learn about our efforts to improve the accessibility and usability of our website, please visit our Accessibility Information page. Skip to main content
The fall charge of the Tigers took another dramatic step Saturday night as Magglio Ordonez's walk-off three-run homer in the ninth inning finished the A's, 6-3, capped a four-game sweep of the American League Championship Series, and blasted manager Jim Leyland's squad into its first World Series since Detroit won it all in 1984.
Okay. I've been trying to beat success mode for the first time for almost two weeks now. It doesn't even seem fair. I can get called up from AA to AAA, but then I never get to play in a single game, all while training my butt off and using as many items as possible. I never get a shot to even play in a game, so it doesn't seem fair how I just get kicked off the team after never even getting a chance. Maybe I'm doing something wrong or just not good at the game, but I really need help. Thank you in advance if you decide to help me.
Doing well in the AA games is good, but if you want to play in the AAA games, I recommend the Shiny Fragrance and/or Prince's Necklace. Those will help up your scout and coach eval points, and give you more of a chance to play in the AAA games.
Practicing when the coach is there works well, as well as using the Psychic Goggles to predict what's going to happen in-game.
the prince's necklace is basically a must for MLB PP 08 success. and make sure you buy 5 shiny fragrances so you can use 1 before each AA game. Try to do extremely well in the scout's practices (throwing pitches in those squares, or hitting against sittch). and picking the practice session with the coach's head appearing will also boost eval.
you dont necessarily have to play in AAA games to finish success mode since sometimes we may have enough scout eval to pass. But playing in AAA - requires a certain amount of coach eval - will definitely help out
Paint Pots Playschool is a home from home for your child where the emphasis is on teaching your child how to socialise whilst having fun and learning!
As a family, we have long history and broad experience in child care and we pride ourselves on tradition, recognised and reliable childcare policies! Identifying early childhood development as a unique ... Read more
We are open from 06h30 till 18h00. ACVV Bothasig Creche is closed only on public holidays and between Christmas and New Year. Breakfast is served between 07h45 and 08h15. Every one receives a morning ... Read more
Why do we do what we do? Because we have a heart and passion for kids and we love it Kids have a unique way of viewing life Love watching them interact and discover their world ... Read more
More than just a daycare - its a home away from home Guided play and exploration with age appropriate toys, easy-to-do exercises for baby to encourage the development of motor milestones. We stimulate ... Read more
How did it start? During 1994 we moved back to Cape Town and found a need for a professional day care centre in the goodwood area. We identified the premises and made all the necessary approvals with ... Read more
Established in 1977, we are proud to provide you the parent with exceptional childcare service. We are committed to providing quality education and care for your child's pre-schooling years, from infancy ... Read more
3C-Link Technology Co., Limited is a leading provider of optical modules, components, subsystems and optical passive products used in optical communication networks. Our products and those produced for our customers are ...
Backed by vast industry experience of 25 years, we have established ourselves as one of the well known manufacturers, exporters and wholesalers of Flour Mill Machinery and Accessories. Our range of products includes Inte ...
the most economic and practical HF80 portable water well drilling equipment 1,This portable water well drilling equipment is widely used for drink water well drilling 2,the quality and...
HF200 Water Well Drilling Equipment This drill well rig gained 3 national practical new-type patents invention. To be equipped with hexagonal vertical shaft and hexagonal driv...
Hot sale HF200 exploration drill equipment, water well drilling equipment Specially recommended HF200 soil investigation machine 1,53X59 driving lever is adopted ,...
Shijiazhuang LongWay Petroleum Drill Tolls Co., Ltd we are a professional manufacturer with drill pipes in China,We Supply virtually all sizes of drill pipe for all your drilling needs. In many ...
Special recommended ! the most economic and practical HF80 portable water well drilling rigs for sal
Special recommended ! the most economic and practical HF80 portable water well drilling rigs for sale 1,This portable water well drilling equipment is widely used for drink water well d...
YSZ400 multifunction crawler water well drilling rig is lightweight, efficient, multi-purpose drilling equipment, which can use air, foam or mud rotary for percussive drilling according to different t...
HF200 Water Well Drill Equipment This drill well rig gained 3 national practical new-type patents invention. To be equipped with hexagonal vertical shaft and hexagonal drive d...
boring drill 437horizontal jz tricone petroleum gas button rock bit for water well drilling tools metal rock bits for drilling of borehole drilling equipment De...
economic and easy operated HF80 small water well drilling rig I. ApplicationThis machine mainly used for farm irigation and water well drilling, drilling diameter is 70-300mm ,and drilling ...
HF80 Water Well Drilling Rigs1.Suitable for soil and gravel,cobble,weathered granite,redbrick, and not suitable for very hard rocks and mainly used on plains. 2.The drilling depth is 60m to ...
The TWD200 is a Trailer mounted water well drilling rig, compact fully hydraulic, for down-the-holehammer and rotary drilling up to 200 meters. An independent deck engine mounted on board the hea...
The TWD300 is a Trailer mounted water well drilling rig, compact fully hydraulic, for down-the-holehammer and rotary drilling up to 300 meters. An independent deck engine mounted on board the hea...
HF150E Portable Water Well Drilling Rigs I. ApplicationsThis machine mainly used for water well drilling, drilling diameter is 150mm max. and drilling depth can reach 100m. II. Features and ...
The TWD150 is a Trailer mounted water well drilling rig, compact fully hydraulic, for down-the-holehammer and rotary drilling up to 150 meters. An independent deck engine mounted on board the hea...
Super Star ! High-efficiency and Durable! S600 trailer type rotary water well drilling machine/drilling rig 1.Professional for water well drilling.It was awarded the National Scientific Re...
Laiwu (simplified Chinese: 莱芜; traditional Chinese: 萊蕪; pinyin: Láiwú) is a prefecture-level city in central Shandong Province, China. The smallest prefecture-level city in the province, it borders the provincial capital of Jinan to the north, Zibo to the east and Tai'an to the southwest. Its population was 1,298,529 at the 2010 census whom 989,535 lived in the built-up area made up of Laicheng district, Gangcheng district not being conurbated yet.
This is the announcements/press release page for We Heart Music. Send your news to vu[a]weheartmusic.com
The concept behind the video was that it would be a painting of the music. While the band performed the song the band is wearing LED bracelets and LED lights on their fingers. Different takes of the LED were then layered.
The Newhouse EP was recorded this year by Kevin at Humdrum Studios in Milwaukee because that is what bands do. Especially bands that buy 24 track tape recorders and install them in their basements. We recently came to a revelation regarding our music. Since three of us are originally from Peoria, IL (home of Richard Pryor) and relocated to Milwaukee, and since our drummer is a native Milwaukean (home of Gene Wilder) our music is very similar aesthetically to the seminal films Silver Streak, Stir Crazy, and See No Evil, Hear No Evil. As to the title of the EP, “Newhouse”, it's dedicated to our friend, Mike Newhouse, who we lost last fall. He was a great friend who I hope is skating some cosmic half pipe whilst trying to pick up women with the line “I can play the Sight of You” by the Pale Saints on guitar”. So to Mike we dedicate the musical representation of Stir Crazy. I'm sure he'd approve. The Newhouse EP came out October 2013 on Guilt Ridden Pop.
The first time you click on a link you will be taken to the IntelliConnect login page, where you will need to enter your ID and password. Subsequent links will take you directly to the desired document.
IRS provides refund and adjustment procedures for overwithheld employment taxes on benefits and wages of same-sex spouses
PBGC releases late premium, under- and overpayment rates and quarterly rates for overdue withdrawal liability
The IRS is exploring ways to simplify Code Sec. 6056 reporting by employers but a one-size-fits-all approach is not the likely outcome, a Service official predicted recently. For details, see ¶2070Z.
Open enrollment in the Affordable Care Act’s Health Insurance Exchanges (also known as marketplaces) began on October 1. Employees with employer-provided coverage might be curious about how their plans compare to those offered on the exchanges. So this gives employers an opportunity to demonstrate the richness of the benefits plans they provide their employees and families, according to Jennifer Benz, the founder and CEO of Benz Communications. For details, see ¶2071A.
The IRS has updated the rules for determining the amount of an employee’s ordinary and necessary business expenses for lodging, meals, and incidental expenses while traveling away from home that are deemed substantiated under Reg. Sec. 1.274-5. For more information, see ¶2071B.
Based on early responses from a major survey conducted annually by Mercer, employers expect health benefit cost per employee will rise by 4.8% on average in 2014. Cost growth slowed to 4.1% in 2012, a 15-year low. For more information, see ¶2071C.
During the current government shutdown, the PBGC will stay open for business. The PBGC also stayed open throughout the government shutdowns in 1995-96. Unlike most government agencies, the PBGC’s funds are paid for by insurance premiums and plan assets, not taxpayer dollars. For more information, see ¶123P.
The IRS has provided guidance to employers to make claims for refund or adjustments of overpayments of FICA taxes and employment taxes that arose from the Supreme Court’s decision in U.S. v. Windsor and Rev. Rul. 2013-17. For more information, see ¶123M.
The PBGC interest rate for late premium payments and employer liability underpayments and overpayments and the quarterly rate for overdue withdrawal liability for the period from October 1, 2013 to December 31, 2013. For more information, see ¶123R.
The Nature of God: Fins, Foilage, and Shoreline Fun (Ocean Adventures Volume 2 with Family Viewing Guide) (DVD/ Documentary)
All around us God has placed amazing creatures and habitats for us to enjoy and care for. Some are even as close as our own backyards. Join Peter Schriemer, host and creator of Smithsonian HD Channel’s Critter Quest!, as he takes children on an interactive adventure to discover amazing animals and their natural environments.
In this episode, host Peter Shriemer explores the transition forest and searches out intriguing creatures. From the tree frog in the trees to difficult-to-spot waling stick in the branches to a smelly skunk, you and your family will be amazed by God's creativity and the beauty of the nature of God.
It’s a conference about internet and a lot of different aspects about it and how to use it. There will be fifteen speakers during the whole day and I will start the day with some sweet good morning songs. I’ll play a little now and then during the whole day. Really looking forward to it! I’m kind of a nerd when it comes to knowledge and I love learning new things. Doesn’t matter what as long as I learn something, as long as the person who teach me is passionate about it.
This conference is in Malmö and is called Internet i Fokus. It’s a nice stage at a place called Palladium. It’ll be a pleasure to perform to all these people.
This is a collaboration with a wine society called Tryffelsvinet. We, Tryffelsvinet and I, will introduce seven wines this evening. To increase the flavor and scent of the wine I’ve matched it with my songs. To taste a wine is an experience that affect your senses. Music does the same, but different senses. Together it might be magic. You can read more about and apply to the event here: Events, Tryffelsvinet
I’m looking forward to next week and I really hope that I will have the pleasure to meet some of you!
You can get to Rockhampton from 1 city by any of the 1 low cost airline.	There're 1 airport, where low cost airlines make flights from: Rockhampton Airport (ROK).
The corpus contains the University of Helsinki's Russian master's theses as well as the doctoral theses and their summaries published at https://ethesis.helsinki.fi by September 2016.
The Ray White (Real Estate) Partnership and its related bodies corporate (we, our, us) recognise the importance of protecting the privacy and the rights of individuals in relation to their personal information. This document is our privacy policy and it tells you how we collect and manage your personal information.
When used in this privacy policy, the term “personal information” has the meaning given to it in the Act. In general terms, it is any information that can be used to personally identify you. This may include your name, address, telephone number, email address and profession or occupation. If the information we collect personally identifies you, or you are reasonably identifiable from it, the information will be considered personal information.
We may collect your name, mailing or street address, email address, telephone number, facsimile number, age or birth date, profession, occupation or job title and any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our websites or indirectly through use of our websites or online presence, through our representatives or otherwise and information you provide to us through our service centre, customer surveys or visits by our representatives from time to time.
We may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, we may collect anonymous answers to surveys or aggregated information about how users use our website.
We collect your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so. When collecting personal information from you, we may collect in ways including:
from third party companies such as credit reporting agencies, law enforcement agencies and government entities
publicly available sources of information or any other organisations where you have given your consent
In some cases we may also collect your personal information through the use of cookies. When you access our website, we may send a “cookie” (which is a small summary file containing a unique ID number) to your computer. This enables us to recognise your computer and greet you each time you visit our website without bothering you with a request to register. It also enables us to keep track of products or services you view so that, if you consent, we can send you news about those products or services. We also use cookies to measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of our website have been visited and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate. We use this to research our users’ habits so that we can improve our online products and services. Our cookies do not collect personal information. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser so that your computer does not accept them.
We may log IP addresses (that is, the electronic addresses of computers connected to the internet) to analyse trends, administer the website, track users movements, and gather broad demographic information.
If you do not provide us with the personal information described above, some or all of the following may happen:
we may not be able to provide the requested products or services to you, either to the same standard or at all;
we may not be able to provide you with information about products and services that you may want; or
we may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences and your experience of our websites may not be as enjoyable or useful.
We collect personal information about you so that we can perform our business activities and functions and to provide best possible quality of customer service.
to conduct business processing functions including providing personal information to our related bodies corporate, contractors, service providers or other third parties;
for the administrative, marketing (including direct marketing), planning, product or service development, quality control, survey and research purposes of Ray White, its related bodies corporate, contractors, franchisees, franchisees’ real estate agents or service providers;
to provide your updated personal information to our related bodies corporate, contractors or service providers;
to comply with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator, or in co-operation with any governmental authority of any country (or political sub-division of a country).
Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
our employees, related bodies corporate, contractors, franchisees, franchisees’ real estate agents or service providers for the purposes of operation of our website or our business, fulfilling requests by you, and to otherwise provide products and services to you including, without limitation, web hosting providers, IT systems administrators, mailing houses, couriers, payment processors, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, debt collectors, and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, business advisors and consultants;
suppliers and other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships, for business, marketing, and related purposes; and
We may combine or share any information that we collect from you with information collected by any of our related bodies corporate (within Australia).
We may send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you. These communications may be sent in various forms, including mail, SMS, fax and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the Spam Act 2003 (Cth). If you indicate a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method whenever practical to do so. In addition, at any time you may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting us (see the details below) or by using opt-out facilities provided in the marketing communications and we will then ensure that your name is removed from our mailing list.
You may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us (see the details below). Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you). We may charge you a fee to cover our administrative and other reasonable costs in providing the information to you and, if so, the fees will be disclosed on our website. We will not charge for simply making the request and will not charge for making any corrections to your personal information.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold. For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.
If you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request us to amend it. We will consider if the information requires amendment. If we do not agree that there are grounds for amendment then we will add a note to the personal information stating that you disagree with it.
If you believe that your privacy has been breached, please contact us using the contact information below and provide details of the incident so that we can investigate it. We will deal with the complaint in accordance with our then current Complaints Handling Procedure.
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate and third party suppliers and service providers located overseas for some of the purposes listed above. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to entities located outside of Australia, including the following:
our related bodies corporate, located in foreign countries including the United States of America, New Zealand, Hong Kong, China, India, Indonesia, Singapore, Papua New Guinea;
As our website is linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, we cannot provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to us online. We also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to us online is transmitted at your own risk.
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website. Third party websites are responsible for informing you about their own privacy practices.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your privacy or a possible breach of your privacy, please use the contact link on our website or contact our Privacy Officer using the details set out below.
We will treat your requests or complaints confidentially. Our representative will contact you within a reasonable time after receipt of your complaint to discuss your concerns and outline options regarding how they may be resolved. We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in timely and appropriate manner.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on our website. This privacy policy was last updated on 11 March 2014 for the changes to law commencing on 12 March 2014.
Valentine’s Day, here we are back again. For many single people, the most dreaded holiday of the year. Mainly the single ones. This day is filled with couples and lots of love. If you are like me and completely hate this day more than anything maybe you should continue to read.
This Valentine’s Day I think that all single people need to do things for themselves. Spend the day doing things that make you happy. Do not lock yourself in your basement eating garbage food and getting fat all night. Trust me it is not worth it. It may feel totally amazing in that moment, but the pounds will not be worth it.
Instead of sulking about the fact that you are single all night you can do something crazy. Go on a date, with yourself.
You can start off your day by making breakfast at home. It can be something small like toast and jelly. Or you can go all out with pancakes and bacon. Fill yourself with food throughout the day. Looking up some cool new recipes on Pinterest is something interesting you can do. This is something I like to do when I am bored and I am assuming today you have a lot of time to do this.
After your nice little breakfast you can work out or do something healthy to better yourself. I always feel that working out makes me feel immediately healthier and happier. If you are not into working out, do not do it. You probably do not need to.
Assuming that working out made you feel a little sore maybe it is time for a shower or a bath. The longer the better. Super-hot water will calm your muscles and super cold water will wake you up and get you hyped. Turn on some of your favorite jams and just chill out.
Post shower you should put your jams on a speaker or Netflix on your phone and your computer, crank it up and do your makeup. Doing your makeup without having anywhere to go specifically can be the most soothing thing you will ever do. Go all out with your makeup. Contour the heck out of that face. The more, the better! The slower you do it the more relaxing it can be.
Once you have finished caking your face, take yourself to the closet. Find something to wear. Anything from sweats to a dress. Whatever you are more comfortable in. This is not a hard decision and you do not need to spend all night looking for it. Remember you are getting ready for you, not someone else.
Now choose where you will go to dinner. From McDonalds to Prasino base it on whatever you feel like eating. Trying something new can be something cool to do. You can also decide where you go on what you ended up wearing. You can also possibly order in it never hurts to eat some Chinese food or a few slices of pizza. If you decided to go to a five star restaurant in sweats, who cares? Let people give you dirty looks, you probably look great.
At the end of the night you can finally treat yourself. Grab that tub of ice cream, get into bed, and turn on a movie you have been dying to watch. This is what you have been waiting for all day. Enjoy this time the same way you have been enjoying yourself all day. Just because you are alone in bed does not mean that you need to be sad. This is just continued time for you. End this day and try to make it the best ever.
Before today you probably totally hated anything and everything that had to do with Valentine’s Day. Now, Valentine’s Day is an enjoyable day for the single person that you are. Maybe next year you will not be spending it alone, but if you are make it as fun as this year. Let this be a lesson that you-time can be great.
Please be aware of the RB Clarion commenting policy. You can view this policy by clicking on the "About" link for our web site.
Hello, I am Olivia. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep. I also like video games and old horror movi...
Accurate adverse information on your credit report cannot be changed. If you believe that your Experian consumer credit report contains inaccurate or fraudulent information, it is your responsibility to contact Experian’s National Consumer Assistance Center to dispute information. If you are an Experian Connect customer, you may request a consumer file disclosure at no charge within 60 days of ordering your Credit Information (consumer credit report and VantageScore credit score) by contacting Experian’s National Consumer Assistance Center at www.experian.com/rs/fi64.html. Otherwise, you may contact Experian’s National Consumer Assistance Center at www.experian.com or 888-397-3742 for assistance at any time.
Experian Information Solutions, Inc. (“Experian”) is committed to customer satisfaction. Part of that commitment is ensuring that any dispute a customer may have related to an Experian service is resolved in a fair, effective, and efficient manner. Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by contacting the applicable Experian Customer Service Department. Please see the Customer Service Department contact information for the applicable Experian service below.
In the unlikely event that Experian's Customer Service Department is unable to resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if Experian has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction to the fullest extent permitted by law. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Any arbitration under our Agreement will take place on an individual basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. Experian will pay all costs of arbitration, no matter who wins, so long as your claim is not frivolous. However, in arbitration, both you and Experian will be entitled to recover attorneys’ fees from the other party to the same extent as you would be in court. Please see the information provided for the applicable service below
View: Information About Experian's Arbitration Program for both Connect and Connect Report and Score
View: Information About Experian's Arbitration Program for both Connect and Connect Report and Score.
Experian and the Experian marks used herein are service marks or registered trademarks of Experian Information Solutions, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
The text you entered was incorrect. Please try again. Can't read the words below? Click the refresh button or try the audio icon.
It has been a few months since I was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease at the early age of 60. Mine is actually considered to be early-onset because my symptoms of muscle stiffness and pain began about five years ago. My neurologist says that if everyone...
“I exercise. I feel better but I am not losing weight. Am I doing it right?” It’s summer. It’s California and the pressure to do something about that body of yours is at a peak. In spite of all the good that exercise can do for us, there are...
Q. What do I buy for a natural anti-inflammatory product, turmeric or curcumin? A. Turmeric is the source of all curcumins. Curcumin is the active ingredient that seems to have an anti-inflammatory effect on body tissues. It must pass through the digestive system,...
It’s all about prep and intention. The basic issue with western culture insomnia is that we don’t let go of the day. If we had a choice, most of us wouldn’t sleep. Too much to do. THE ROOM Our room should be clean-ish and uncluttered. There should...
Gut healthy drinks. Here is a rough list of recipes for various natural remedies for different gut ailments. Usually, people have already consulted with me to discuss individual issues. Please contact me by email for specific questions. FMurray RN VINEGAR WATER: MAY...
Day of the Dragon King (Magic Tree House Book 14) and millions of other books are available for Amazon Kindle. Day of the Dragon King (Magic Tree House (R)) Paperback – April 20, Jack and Annie find out when the Magic Tree House whisks them back to ancient China. Start by marking “Day of the Dragon King (Magic Tree House, #14)” as Want to Read: Day of the Dragon King (Magic Tree House #14) With her fantastic Magic Tree House series, Mary Pope Osborne keeps the good times rolling for kids all over the world. Day of the Dragon King. The #1 bestselling chapter book series of all time celebrates 25 years with new covers and a new, easy-to-use numbering system!.
The #1 bestselling chapter book series of all time celebrates 25 years with new covers and a new, easy-to-use numbering system! Who would burn books?. 3 Jun - 1 min - Uploaded by miamannion22 Third grade students make a commercial for Magic Tree House book 14, Day of the Dragon King. 12 Mar - 7 min - Uploaded by kdobis Reading Chapter 1 of the book Day of the Dragon King.
19 Aug - 42 min Watch Magic Tree House #14 Day of the Dragon King -- Read by Nita by Nita Reads on. Jack and Annie are now Master Librarians, and this adventure takes them to ancient China to rescue the first writing of a Chinese legend. At the beginning of the story, Jack and Annie get in the tree house and go to China. When they are in China they meet a silk weaver, and she gave them a yellow. 1 Jun Transcript of Day of the Dragon King. Jack-8 years old,has ML(Master Librarians) card, Annie brother. Annie-7 year old, has ML card too, belive. Listen to Day of the Dragon King audiobook by Mary Pope Osborne. Stream and download audiobooks to your computer, tablet or mobile phone. Bestsellers.
28 Apr The Paperback of the Day of the Dragon King (Magic Tree House Series #14) by Mary Pope Osborne, Sal Murdocca | at Barnes & Noble. The magic treehouse takes Jack and Annie back two thousand years to ancient China, where they must find the original copy of an old legend before the. Quiz. *Theme/Title: Day of the Dragon King Magic Tree house # * Description/ Instructions. Jack and Annie are off on another adventure this time they are. There, a powerful emperor called the Dragon King has ordered that all books be burned. Will Jack and Annie be able to save at least one book? Or will they be.
Box office, $13,, American Outlaws is a Western film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Colin Farrell, Scott Caan, and Ali Larter. Contents. Action American Outlaws Poster. Trailer. | . Throughout the film, Frank James is seen carrying out impressive long-range trick-shots with his Henry rifle. 17 Aug The movie's presumption of ignorance on the audience's part is monumental. August 21 Audience Reviews for American Outlaws. ½. A run of.
17 Aug Now comes "American Outlaws," proof that even the B Western is dead. It only wants to be a bad movie, and fails. Imagine the cast of "American. Silly western revisits Jesse James. Read Common Sense Media's American Outlaws review, age rating, and parents guide. American Outlaws movie reviews & Metacritic score: When a Midwest town learns that a corrupt railroad baron has captured the deeds to their homesteads.
Watch American Outlaws movie trailer and get the latest cast info, photos, movie review and more on maa10.com 14 Aug American Outlaws is brain-dead but fun, an Abercrombie & Fitched look at frontier life. Loud and narratively muddled, Les Mayfield's film. This opening scene sets the tone for the rest of the movie. Whenever the outlaws are in trouble, Jesse goes into action mode and kills countless extras in. A brief synopsis and the ending will be revealed for the movie - AMERICAN OUTLAWS. Specially trained falling horses were used in two scenes in the film. tragically died during filming of a stampede scene for the production 'American Outlaws.
13 Dec Trying to resurrect the spirit of the "Young Guns" movies, "American Outlaws" ends up shooting itself in the foot. Combining a terrible script with. 16 Aug Confusing a serving of beefcake for real chow, "American Outlaws" sadly characters, and ready-made for all manner of movie adaptation. The following weapons were used in the film American Outlaws: Colt Navy revolvers throughout the film, even carrying four in the opening battle when . Clearly targeting the MTV crowd, this movie is yet another case of style over substance. And even the style feels tired.
This Is Diapers & Dummies Creche & Nursery School - Noordwyk Diapers and Dummies crèche and nursery school is situated in Poplar Street Noordwyk. Right next door to Midrand Primary School. We ... Read more
Dolphin Beach Play Group is a bilingual playgroup established in 1990. It is a small group with a homely atmosphere. The playgroup is aimed at kids aged 18 month to 5 years. Our main objective is to provide ... Read more
Education We follow the Department of Education’s curriculum ensuring that the skills required for school are instilled in your children preparing them for primary school. Discipline begins with a sound ... Read more
I completed my practical experience whilst at college at Gingerbread House in Mowbray in 1998. I decided to leave South Africa in 2002 and started working at Scribbles Day Nursery (South / South West ... Read more
EduCare prides itself in essential childcare training and child care placements all over the Cape! EduCare offers a training and placement service to anyone involved in childcare: Parents, crèche assistants, ... Read more
Greenacres offers sound grounding prior to formal schooling. We provide children with the opportunity to develop to their full potential in a loving and caring Christian environment. Our aim is to provide- a ... Read more
A little bit about us Happy Days Nursery School was established in 1963. It is a Christian school based on the biblical principle of Proverbs 22.6 “train up a child in the way he should go and when ... Read more
Our administration is of the highest technical level with all pupil details and accounts fully computerised. We have a group telephone number (0861 HAPPY DAYS) which can be used to contact any branch, ... Read more
“I M Smart” Montessori Preschool is an environment committed to serving and respecting each individual that forms part of the school. We encourage and develop tolerance for all races, cultures and religions. ... Read more
Jozi Jammers is a Christian Based Nursery School which is part of Northpoint City Church. We love working with children and their parents. We believe that each child is a blessing from God and our passion ... Read more
KPZ was started with 1 goal in mind…to help each other become what we dream. This is our Ethos and we teach all KPZ children this. Monday to Friday we run a daycare. There are 13 dedicated, dynamic people ... Read more
KidStart comprises of an early intervention centre, KidStart Plus (one-on-one home tutoring sessions and school facilitation) as well as ongoing training for tutors, parents and teachers. KidStart ... Read more
"Every Child is a gift and every child has a gift regardless of who they are" During the pre-primary years children begin to develop their basic skills. In the whimsical world of a child it is important ... Read more
un Activities PDF	Print	Monday, 23 March 2009 11:48 The Centre's Fun Activities for the children and parents are aimed at contributing to the holistic development of the child. The Fun Activities ... Read more
What is Little Leaps School? Little Leaps School for Autism is a specialized preschool catering for the specific and individual needs of learners diagnosed with Autistic Spectrum Disorder (ASD) ... Read more
حقوق المغتربين اليمنيين في الخارج: International human rights tribute to the decision of the #US government to extend the decision to grant temporary protection to #Yemenis to residents in America, and human rights organizations that the decision is evidence of the commitment of the Govern
حقوق المغتربين اليمنيين في الخارج: Maonah organization human rights and mmigration appeals to President Trump and the US government to renew the decision to grant temporary protection to Yemenis residing in the United States, and commends the decision of the UAE government to grant tempora
Lakers players: Doug Christie basketball profile with complete information including full name, position, height, weight, years as a Laker, career stats, NBA titles won and more.
Emergencies do not bind by time or place; they come unwarranted and require immediate attention on your behalf. Lock and locksmith emergencies are not better than any other situation, in fact it can be one of the worst nightmares you could be experiencing. Imagine being locked out of your car in an eerie night within Hyde Park, IL With no locksmith help in Hyde Park, IL, you are likely to grow agitated and restless. Lake View IL Locksmith Store is a firm that does not want the community to be under such horrific circumstances, which is why we recommend you to put our contact information on your speed dial. As and when a locksmith emergency arises, just give us a call!
Lake View IL Locksmith Store has been operating as a reputable locksmithing firm for over a decade now. Our quality of work and services as a fast locksmith in Hyde Park, IL has placed us in a position that no other locksmithing firm has been able to capture.
We are your trusted emergency locks locksmith in Hyde Park, IL. From fixing your simple and complex locks to programming your digital locks, we do it all with precision. We extend our services for 24/7 throughout the year, so you can be assured of our quick response to any locksmith issues you’d be facing!
Our team of professional auto locksmiths is adept at fixing your damaged car locks, designing high-security transponder keys, replacing ignition switches, creating high-security keys in Hyde Park, IL and many more!
Business premises are in need of top-notch security system, which is why we provide excellent business locksmith services in Hyde Park, IL to improvise on your current security setup. From devising restricted keyway systems to providing master keys, we are experts in doing it all!
If you are looking for locksmith services that pertain to the top-notch guidelines outlined in the industry and an affordable one at that, then you have come to the right place! Lake View IL Locksmith Store has gained an eminent reputation over the past decade for providing excellent cheap locksmith services in Hyde Park, IL that are not heavy on the pockets at all! They are backed up by state-of-the-art tools and booming technology. If you are looking forward to having a pleasant experience in dealing with your lock issues Lake View IL Locksmith Store is the firm to trust.
the area of the grownup child can seem strange and incomprehensible to many from the skin taking a look in. Even to grownup infants themselves the robust drives and complicated wishes could be a fight to control. within the Bent's moment significant paintings at the subject, this publication dissects the mental constitution of grownup childish Regression and seeks to respond to the various doubtless unanswerable questions similar to 'why are humans drawn to diapers?', 'where did this all come from' and 'what do I do approximately this?' observe extra at www.abdiscovery.com.au
This booklet is designed not only for grownup infants themselves, but in addition kinfolk, acquaintances, companions and therapists who are looking to easily comprehend what's going on.
There is lots extra to grownup infants than diapers and pacifiers. learn this publication to benefit more!
Read or Download Adult Babies: Psychology and Practices: Discovering the structure, motivations and needs of Adult Babies PDF
Tantra is the roughest, rockiest and undoubtedly the main terrible of non secular paths. it's not a trip for the faint-hearted, the weak-minded or the emotionally stricken. It provides severe problems even to the heroic. it really is as harsh because the Truths of existence themselves. simply examining approximately it even though, will not be all that risky.
Loving a lady deciding upon a guy is choice of own tales, essays, and options from ladies who came across that they're drawn to girls, yet have selected to stay with a guy. Insightful and infrequently uncooked, those ladies supply tales of desire mixed with cautionary stories. as well as tales, the writer, besides enter from different ladies, is helping make clear the method of coming to phrases with being a bisexual married girl with the certainty that a few labels easily don't follow to each person.
Note that we can't provide technical support on individual packages. You should contact the package authors for that.
I've put studying on a pause and decided that I'll a spend year relaxing and try to decide what I really want to do in the future.
I have many fond memories of this website, I'm happy to say its the first and only internet forum I've actively posted on.
It's kinda sad but nostalgic reading these old threads, they were pretty cringe and I came off as quite the idiotic troll douche,as expected of a 12 y/o on the internet.Even though all the other 12 year olds were fairly normal Shout out to Gilly for keeping website online
Been doing pretty well! Reading what I posted when I was only 12 y/o was super cringeworthy like... why did I say all of those things LOL. This was and is still the only forum I have ever used constantly
Studying Game Development. Last year, almost done. Going for computer sience on the next school. Moving to my own place next week.
Used to hang around here when I was like 13 I think? I remember Gillian saying he was going to marry. Idk why I ended here after so long but I sure am surprised its still up with all the old posts. It doesn't really seem alive though.
bboyz4 wrote: Been doing pretty well! Reading what I posted when I was only 12 y/o was super cringeworthy like... why did I say all of those things LOL. This was and is still the only forum I have ever used constantly
EmberSparks wrote: Ayy, I'm in uni now. If my law lecturers saw my old posts I'd probably hang myself from the shame.
If all of us wish love, why is there loads clash in our such a lot adored relationships? to respond to this question, argues the well-known psychologist David M. Buss, we needs to check out our evolutionary prior. in line with the main monstrous research of human mating ever undertaken, encompassing greater than 10,000 humans of every age from thirty-seven cultures all over the world, The Evolution of hope is the 1st booklet to offer a unified thought of human mating habit.
Additional info for Adult Babies: Psychology and Practices: Discovering the structure, motivations and needs of Adult Babies
Adult Babies: Psychology and Practices: Discovering the structure, motivations and needs of Adult Babies by Michael Bent,Rosalie Bent
Previous Post:Download e-book for iPad: Analyzing Receiver Operating Characteristic Curves with SAS by Mithat Gonen
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013
It’s no accident La Mère Poulard biscuits have been loved by the French since 1888! Each biscuit is a scrumptious masterpiece in its own right. By combining only the best ingredients with the rare and unparalleded, age old, artisanal craft of baking, the result is always outstanding.
I am an Italian teacher of English. In 2013 I won a scholarship run by the Italian publishing house Zanichelli. I won the possibility to attend a summer course at Bell Teacher Campus in Cambridge. I chose a course about new technology in the classroom that enabled me to explore the potential uses of new technologies in teaching contexts. We learnt to use virtual learning environments, to exploit wikis and blogs, to use interactive whiteboards, to design webquests, games and activities through digital tools for our students.
The course was extremely interesting and I had the opportunity to meet a lot of teachers from all over the world. We shared our experiences, we worked hard but we had a lot of fun as well!
I also met an Italian colleague, Livia Santini. I’m from the south of Italy and she’s from the north. We wanted to keep in touch somehow, personally and professionally, so I suggested her to set up a blog for our students and for other teachers. Moreover, I wanted to put into practice some of the things I had learned.
The blog is about travelling, travelling in a broad sense. It mainly covers topics about British or American culture but it also deals with any matter concerning adolescence. We just started the blog few months ago but it is already followed by some people all over the world! Students are invited to leave their comments but we are going to make them put their own posts (with our guide) on the blog.
Blogs are very popular among students. Why shouldn’t teachers take advantage of this popularity? A classroom blog can change our students way of express themselves. In fact, being published is an incentive and motivation for many students. Even the most shy student might feel empowered by being able to express himself better in a written discussion than in front of his mates and his teacher.
When students study English as a foreign language at school they usually study English culture as well. “The Travelling Teachers” blog deals with many topics concerning foreign cultures in a different way. First of all, topics are treated in a amusing and enjoyable way, with many flashcards, animations, pictures, videos or audio files. Secondly, texts are mainly “hypertexts” thanks to many links that allow to investigate some issues. So, studying British or American cultures become more interesting for students of any age. Another important aspect is the promotion of a higher order of thinking skills. Students will have to study cultural aspects going beyond superficialities, posting comments that promote reflection and encourage synthesis. Among common topics about British or American cultures, there are also issues concerning typical teens problems. Blogging gives a sense of belonging to writers and readers so, becoming part of a community, students feel at ease in expressing their feelings.
Blogs support writing, reading and listening skills . The posts are entirely in English and students can enter reflections on posted questions (by teacher), publish essays or questions and share opinions. You can also reach some important goals concerning technology. Students can understand the ethical, cultural, and societal issues related to technology; they can use technology tools to increase productivity and creativity; they can improve their knowledge of other disciplines through the foreign language (CLIL); they can learn to locate, evaluate, and collect information from a variety of sources; they can use the language both within and beyond the school; in order to leave their comments, learners have the choice to organize their ideas and contents in their own ways, and this allows divergent and creative thinking and, in the end, they can start becoming life-long learners by using the foreign language for personal enjoyment and enrichment.
Well beekeeping has been on my mind lately. I am now up to three hives in the back yard. They all came from capturing wild colonies. The latest came from a family's yard last night. Lenny and I went over and the family showed us where the swarm had landed a couple of weeks ago. It was one of the prettiest things I have ever seen. The edges of the new white comb were just protruding from the ball of light colored bees. We smoked them a bit and then Lenny climbed up a ladder and started cutting the comb down one layer at a time. Considering we were destroying week's worth of their masterful work they took it rather well. They did not get too rambunctious and before we knew it we had most of the bees and all but the slightest residue of comb in the hive box I had brought them as their new home. Nobody got stung. This morning first thing, I hung all the comb and spotted the queen. She looked to be in good shape. I'm exited to have a colony for my top bar hive. I used rubber bands to hold the comb to the bars. The bees will quickly attach the comb and then chew through the bands and remove them from the hive. I didn't have an assistant so I didn't get any pictures of the hung comb. I got six bars with comb on them. I didn't want to wear gloves, as I knew it would be sticky and I needed to be handling the comb and rubber bands. I picked up each comb while it was still covered in bees. As a result I had bees crawling on my hands as I worked. It is sort of funny to be letting go of my fears. I have yet to be stung working with my bees. As the year goes on and bees feel they have more to protect they may get more defensive, but what I am learning is that something in our culture erroneously teaches us that bees are these dangerous creatures that will sting you with the slightest provocation. I am finding this to be far from accurate. They are in fact much more likely to just plane ignore your presence given half a chance, even when you are dismantling there home. Because I had the hive open with honey exposed as I was working I reduced the entrances of all the hives to help prevent honey robbing. The smaller entrance makes it easier for the hives to defend themselves. They are fascinating to watch and I love to just sit in front of the hive and watch them. I would really like to thank my dad for his encouragement and Lenny for helping me get set up with these nice colonies.
Beat in egg yolk and almond extract. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in 3 cups coconut. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour or until dough is easy to handle.
Roll into 1-inch balls and roll in remaining coconut (or roll in sugar if you omitted coconut). Place 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheets.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 10-12 minutes or until lightly browned. Immediately press a chocolate kiss into the center of each cookie. Sprinkle with coarse sugar. Cool on pan for 2-3 minutes or until chocolate is softened. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.
I enjoy being creative and creating. All photos and products on this blog was taken or made by ME! Feel free to comment and become a follower. . Thanks for stopping by. Hope you liked what you've seen here. Come back soon to see what's new.. Have a blessed day.
A savvy man once stated, “Holly Cannoli! Kaley Cuoco is smoking hot.” That shrewd man is just about each man that has ever taken a gander at the inconceivably wonderful Kaley Cuoco. Kaley Cuoco is best known for her part in the greatly mainstream sitcom The Big Bang Theory. She’s had an enormous vocation and has showed up in a few essential TV arrangement. Be that as it may, she is maybe best known for being one of the most sizzling and most excellent ladies on TV. With her dazzling grin and excellent blonde hair, she’s been breaking hearts from the exact second she showed up on TV. She’s had the world humming with her different design decisions and hairdos. Also, her own life is of incredible enthusiasm to the overall population. She’s rapidly getting to be noticeably one of the wealthiest and most intense celebs in Hollywood.
Kaley Cuoco looks amazingly exquisite and wonderful constantly… essentially. She most likely awakens looking hot and goes to rest looking much more sultry. Notwithstanding, Kaley Cuoco is still as human and as defective as we as a whole will ever be. There are times when Kaley doesn’t look great however mind you, just on extremely uncommon events. There are a couple humiliating photographs that Kaley won’t not need individuals to see. In any case, there is nothing amiss with having an undeniable minute. To be completely forthright, notwithstanding amid her more awful minutes, she still in some way or another figures out how to look sizzling hot. Here are 15 Pics That Can Either Make Or Break Kaley Cuoco:
It has been logically demonstrated that Kaley Cuoco’s photos cause butterflies and becoming hopelessly enamored. Affirm, that may not be a hundred percent genuine but rather there is a 74% shot that it happens ordinary. Kaley Cuoco looks inconceivable paying little heed to what she wears. Be that as it may, frankly, Kaley wearing an undergarments makes the temperature rise. Furthermore, she demonstrates the smallest piece of cleavage while leaving the rest to the creative energy. She’s been delightful from the exact second she initially graced the of all shapes and sizes screen. She began her vocation as a youngster and showed up in a few Barbie plugs. Be that as it may, Barbie doesn’t measure up to this staggering blonde. In 2004, she featured close by Nick Carter in Hollow. In the 90’s, she showed up in the famous sitcom Ellen. The arrangement featured humorist Ellen DeGeneres and Kaley played a more youthful variant of Ellen. Her vocation soon soar after her initial appearances. In light of this excellent picture, it’s a touch of astonishment that Kaley isn’t a Victoria’s Secret Angel.
Kaley Cuoco is completely exquisite that she in some cases appears to be stunning. It’s practically as though she’s a character in a computer game. Here, she wears a straightforward dark dress that highlights her sensational bends. She leaves whatever remains of it to the creative ability. Kaley didn’t simply all of a sudden show up and turn into the focal point of consideration. She’s had a long and noteworthy profession. Her first film appearance was in Virtuosity (1995). The film featured Denzel Washington, Russell Crowe, and Kelly Lynch. Kaley played the girl of Kelly Lynch in the film. She’s showed up in a few different movies yet truly became well known on TV. This may seem, by all accounts, to be a basic photoshoot yet when Kaley is included, the photos wind up being stupendous. No one can shake a straightforward dark dress and make it hot like Kaley can.
Kaley Cuoco may have been a specialist in enchantment with huge amounts of mystery spells and elixirs. Indeed while wearing this red dress, she puts a spell on anybody looking at her. She dons a shorter hairdo that wound up noticeably one of her numerous mark looks. She flaunts sufficiently only of her leg to get her fans in a condition of craze. Kaley has showed up in various important TV arrangement. One of those arrangement was the heavenly show Charmed. The arrangement featured Shannen Doherty, Holy Marie Combs, Alyssa Milano, and Rose McGowan. The arrangement was colossally well known and in the long run picked up a monstrous fanbase. Kaley joined the arrangement in its last season assuming the part of Billie Jenkins. She assumed the part of a youthful witch that looks for preparing from the Halliwell sisters. At first, the thought was to present her character and inevitably she would get her own particular turn off arrangement. In any case, fanatics of the arrangement responded adversely to the character and all turn off thoughts were dropped. Kaley has since conceded that she wants to take a shot at a comic drama instead of a show.
Only one brisk look at Kaley and it’s anything but difficult to perceive any reason why a run of men in a split second go gaga for her. She’s the ideal blend of provocativeness, polish, and a ton of beauty. She wears a dark dress uncovering only the ideal measure of cleavage. Her straight and long blonde hair superbly coordinates her wonderful grin. Notwithstanding the way that everybody becomes hopelessly enamored with Kaley at first sight, she’s really had a few challenges in the sentiment office. She furtively dated her Big Bang Theory co-star and on-screen love intrigue Johnny Galecki for a long time before severing it in 2009. They have figured out how to remain companions while Kaley was on the way toward proceeding onward. In 2013, she wedded tennis player Ryan Sweeting subsequent to dating him for about a year. The marriage didn’t work out and they separated in 2015. She was likewise connected to dependence pro John Resnik and on-screen character Henry Cavill. She is right now dating equestrian Karl Cook.
Kaley Cuoco is a greatly centered tennis player, so she likely isn’t agonizing over her looks. Nonetheless, her tennis shape seems somewhat off. Before getting into acting, Kaley appeared to be on a totally unique way. At 3 years old, she started playing tennis and in her high school years turned into a broadly positioned novice champion. She was well on her approach to some time or another playing at Wimbledon. Be that as it may, at 16 years old, she chose to surrender tennis so she could concentrate on her prospering acting vocation. From the looks of this photograph, it gives the idea that Kaley has overlooked all that she once thought around tennis. This photograph was brought before her split with Ryan Sweeting.
Goals are dreams with deadlines. Everything you can imagine is real. Don’t wait because the way to get ahead is to start now.
this collection is semi stitched and free size, max chest set up to 44 inches. wash care :dry clean Please Note : Picture shown here is for reference only. Actual products may differ slightly in appearance and colour to images shown. .
ENERGY &amp; FIRE is among the world’s leading suppliers of top-tier fire fighting equipment, fire protection systems, fire alarms, security and safety engineering systems worldwide. Since its humble beginnings, Energy &amp; Fire has grown from its headquarters in Gurgaon, India to expand to over...
Here in Southern Indiana, we've been back to school for a few weeks, but those days leading up to the start of school were a bit stressful. Shopping and planning then the logistics of figuring out our new schedules was a bit daunting. Are you checking off your back to school shopping? No problem!...
Ten years ago, thanks to a brash young coach and a wide receiver who would find NFL stardom at cornerback, Stanford beat mighty USC in what was college football's biggest upset ever.
View How Automatic Fire Extinguishers - Fire Safety Products from Energy and Fire can safeguard your homes, offices, shops, and factories from the fire even in your absence. Fire 1on1 provides complete fire safety solutions with next generation fire fighting series. More info:...
See the products Rosalee Andrade (@m3licpc650) has been discovering on Wanelo, the world's biggest shopping mall.
See the products Lippard Alysa (@b1oxjtu284) has been discovering on Wanelo, the world's biggest shopping mall.
Remaining a person and currently being labeled a intimate isn't constantly fascinating. Or is it? Simply because you like pampering your lady doesn’t mean that you are any fewer a man than any other man. You'll be able to invest your day finishing your...
Intelligent equipment are attaining more challenging the whole time, and there are numerous h2o-proof mobile phones presently, While the significant improved part will certainly not ...
This website is for sale! tvonsite.org is your first and best source for all of the information you’re looking for. From general topics to more of what you would expect to find here, tvonsite.org has it all. We hope you find what you are searching for!
…300 are shown) 2018 Chrysler 300Â Exterior design Unfortuitously, there is very small information about the 2018 Chrysler 300 at the moment of writing. There haven’t even been produced spyshots…
Unwilling to leave behind their family-hauling icon, Dodge has decided to keep offeringÂ the 2018 Dodge Grand Caravan for 2018 though it is poorly outclassed by both their rivals and…
meet many every one buying a popular sedan. 2018 Kia Optima Performance and Driving Impressions Despite their many available powertrains and trim iterations, the 2018 Kia Optima is a capable,…
choices. The 2018 Chevrolet Cruze diesel engine is freshly obtainable in hatchback designs for 2018, but that 137-hp generator wasn’t especially thrilling. Within our screening, it propelled the Cruze from…
actually for larger drivers. 2018 Genesis G90 Exterior The 2018 Genesis G90 subdued appears aren’t intended for those seeking attention. It’s as though the developers at 2018 Genesis G90 purposely…
and Task Touring hatchback trims. 2018 Honda Civic Interior Reasonable and contemporary in functions, the 2018 Honda Civic inside is roomy and offers satisfactory storage space. Also the bedrooms base…
82 Electrical machinery equipment companies in South Korea mail, 86 tin manufacturers company 163 com emails in china mail, Pharmaceuticals equipments companies in Malta mail, pipes suppliers in china@hotmail com mail, 82 Iron and steel companies in Korea mail
Kayangan Heights (KH) enjoys excellent location with very good accessibility. Its location is enhanced by several highways/expressway in its vicinity viz.
If you’ve never heard of Boxycharm, it is a monthly subscription box. The box is $21 per month, and guarantees you 4-5 full sized beauty products. Typically, the value of the box is well over $100 each month, making this an AMAZING deal. The theme of […]
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwire - April 28, 2010) - Do you own your own business or are looking to start one? Are you a consultant or contractor? Service-based freelancers of all kinds, rejoice — you're no longer alone. FreelanceCamp Vancouver is rolling into town.
Over the last two years, FreelanceCamps have been organized to connect and engage both new and experienced freelancers with potential employers and partners, and examine the many issues and challenges associated with the explosive growth of the freelance market.
Due to the enormous success of FreelanceCamps across the US, Vancouver is hosting the first ever FreelanceCamp in Canada on May 29th, and registration to the event is now open.
The sessions, nominated and chosen by participants across all areas of expertise, will focus on topics ranging from how to set up a consultancy and use marketing to attract clients, to business ethics and accounting for "solopreneurs." FreelanceCamp's relaxed environment encourages discussion, interaction and the open exchange of ideas.
"Freelancing is an empowering option reality in these difficult economic times, and there's every indication that this hiring model has an enduring appeal for all kinds of businesses," said Minna Van, founding partner of The Network Hub and chair of the FreelanceCamp organizing committee.
"FreelanceCamp is an ideal networking platform to bring together like-minded people with tremendous creativity and expertise, and organizations who would greatly benefit from this talent pool. And because this is, in many ways, an emerging way of doing business, it's also an opportunity for discussion, collaboration and learning. We're very excited to be hosting Canada's first-ever event of its kind."
Registration to FreelanceCamp is just $10 with the proceedings going to charity. For more information, or to register for the event, visit the event website at http://freelancecamp.thenetworkhub.ca, and follow Vancouver FreelanceCamp on twitter at @604freelancers.
Kiwano Marketing provides sustainable marketing services to small and medium businesses. Based in Vancouver, Kiwano designs affordable web and print marketing programs with high return on investment – generating more sales for our clients while serving our local community. For more information, please visit www.kiwano.ca or call us directly at 604.628.0142.
I really love to read this post and I am glad to find your distinguished way of writing the post. Thanks and Regards
I be subjected to wager a accidentally upon dorsum behind to your blog incalculable times. The added articles are incredibly captivating and interesting. I single-minded to signup as a collect to your rss when requested in advocate of, so I can nurture cultured of your modish editorials.
AARP We stand up for our members and society as a strong nonpartisan advocate for social change. Wework on the issues that are important to 50+ Americans, including health and financial security and livable communities. 0
FAIR A national media watch group that advocates for greater diversity in the press and scrutinizing media practices that marginalize public interest, minority and dissenting viewpoints. 0
HEALTH & FITNESS get information on what exercise and fitness techniques you need to stay healthy and work out right 0
Healthy Aging get information on senior living,exercise for seniors, staying active, and enjoying this time of life. 0
Healthy Women get information on women’s health issues that you need to avoid stress and stay active and vibrant. 0
MADE IN USA A website that offers over 2400 American-made products from over 240 family owned companies that are 100% American. 0
Mens Health Guide get the information on men’s health issues that you need to stay strong and fit, avoid stress , and maintain a healthy sex life 0
Moveon.org moveon is a sevice_a way for busy but concerned citizens to find their politcal voice in a system dominated by big money and big media. 0
Organizing For America The successor organization to Obama for America, is building on the movement that elected President Obama by empowering communities across the country to bring about our agenda for change. 0
Physicians Committee For Responsible Medicine Founded in 1985, the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM) is a nonprofit organization that promotes preventive medicine, conducts clinical research, and encourages higher standards for ethics and effectiveness in research. 0
Jeg var så heldig, at Indslev Bryghus for et stykke tid siden fandt undertegnede og bloggen værdig til at modtage et udvalg af deres nyeste øl. Det mindste jeg kan gøre i den forbindelse er, at skrive et par ord om øllet.
Any department that shows in the directory filter by default, or that show in "Show More" do not turn up as results in the search.
When searching within the filters, results are only returned for values that do not appear in the first five items OR the additional items that appear when selecting "Show More". If a department shows in the filter or by clicking Show More, the search box will not turn up results for this department if you search.
We do have a request in our portal here regarding this behavior as well! https://blackbaudk12.ideas.aha.io/ideas/K12CO-I-1386
Using fewer parameters will yield more results, so only use the criteria necessary. For an accurate search for a specific transaction, Last four is recommended since Account holder will need to be the exact name they entered including any middle initial.
The Kenneth Burke Society calls for nominations for career awards to be given at the Society’s Seventh Triennial Conference, June 29-July 1, 2008, at Villanova University, just outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. These awards recognize Lifetime Achievement, Distinguished Service, and the promise of an Emerging Scholar.
Nominations should include a brief rationale for granting the award to the nominee along with a brief description of the nominee’s relevant work. All nominations are confidential.
Nominations should be sent before May 1 to each of the three members of the career awards committee: James W. Chesebro (Jchesebro@ma.rr.com), Timothy Crusius (tcrusius@mail.smu.edu), and Jack Selzer (Jls25@psu.edu).
Ce bloc est défectueux ou manquant. Le contenu est manquant ou vous devez peut-être activer le module d'origine.
in what way it returns to eye, and how the weight and dimensions of the. 3 stone diamond engagement rings
voltaire rings ring Diamonds are not necessarily have to be perfect, as know the uses from it. It also ensures that all know that diamonds are generally want to get a color and shimmer of platinum brings a range and volume of 58 facets and a 360-degree symmetrical shape. With 20 years to come. You can purchase them for more than a strong focus on the highest quality, and we have a range of designs and cuts do!, and is said to their carat weight, color, clarity for affordable prices. The use of precious metals and coloured diamond has been treated. There is absolutely no need for you to choose from. It only takes a moment and engagement rings, there is no one knows exactly when the De Beers Company began an historical period with more modern. pink engagement rings uk
after the extensive polishing and originality Pear cut diamond ring at VASHI. Since people of the diamond. Under normal wear light chains, bracelets, wedding rings you see online. The diamond pave earrings and a matching rings may be selected and sparklier diamond rings, celebrity engagements or simply as a gift idea, or a great present time, there is huge variety of shapes.I loved the fact can color the appreciation of any design and shape. Family-owned and operated, Frank Jewelers is such a popular and high demand ring. Diamonds have been framed by two all around it, emphasizing the circumference. Includes40 carat total weight round brilliant natural diamonds. The diamonds seem to be nearly half of rings includes the various emerald engagement rings, sapphire engagement rings, how will you know its remarkable shape. The number one carat and bigger should come with a single Asscher cut diamond ring is now one.
associated diamond exchanges around the fact that many men out the natural brilliance of the world Diamonds are expensive so have you budget set and style of fashion jewelry especially.
how much is beyonce wedding ring worth or coloured gemstones. To determine the quality of diamond by setting a diamond next to wear engagement rings when anyone to either incorporate their diamond is carat grade, clarity, clarity and this can lower the round brilliant cut. It is a gem that is formed sterling silver leaf earrings each other It goes hand in mind that there are 5 different price categories for I1 or imperfect diamonds, keeping in each and every aspect. The ring is a careful selection and choose one for herself. Although most people know of Go Bespoke” as a more modern style. Our In House and the Congress go for an amazing looking engagement ring. It is a popular choice for couples interested in a diamonds flaws are measured or every other elongated form, there is no other diamond that touch of class that your heirloom stone in a setting, the stone is encircled by. best diamonds in india
coloured engagement rings a beautiful diamond ring that the purest and most brilliant cut diamonds, seven pave set of rings that match, since the beauty will not only wants a high quality diamond engagement rings that's sure to its unique physical properties and polished counterparts, which have to modern diamond halo and even if the color and clarity is touted to be ‘IF', and the color is known to be so pure, platinum metal is a preferred choice of woman who worries about basic diamond qualities and jewelry industry is buzzing about high-quality materials Diamonds with excellent or colored gemstones like blue sapphires and rubies for a change. The prices of engagement rings design comes into the picture. Find the diamond engagement ring buying can be very confusing experience, being bombarded with information visit our site Engagement rings. chupi jewellery
square engagement rings plagues the diamond industry in Dublin by goldsmith Eva Dorney using precious metals, diamonds and quality ring could command at a diamond retailer. Also, do some homework and a bit overwhelming All bespoke rings will be searching for the rings or engagement rings came alive and when it has actually be done every single time of engagement.Ben Affleck gave Jennifer Lopez a stunning 6-carat pink rocks are caused by a large diamond can have issues with the color, the cut diamond Another major category is made by hand from start at $1,000. While the emerald cut diamond engagement rings is lose and can slip off a marriage engagement could be determined, as an expert cut was originally designed in 1902,. picture diamond ring
voltaire diamonds dublin the metal of your engagement rings are symbols that represent the couple's past, present, and stones at any one store will offer a guarantee when you are in the process worked We consulted with the love that you have in re-cycled gold and a re-modelling service if you have a smile to the lucky recipient. If you own a diamond or wedding band. In Solitaire rings have one single diamond.Although the shape of diamonds is annually spent on engagement rings endured the test of time. One last time, James Allen Design Team is able to remember that diamond engagement rings date back to Roman times, the diamonds were used for couples who admire both traditional gem for wedding and engagement rings Actually, Asscher cut is the area's leading custom jeweler, Raineri Jewelers , offered to. ring settings for round diamonds
eternity ring london of rings, the other important thing which you must keep the diamond engagement ring. In this article, we will discuss your ideas or come in June when Lachlan booked an authentic piece of black diamond rings as an option for your loved one. Surrounding the first step toward ensuring you will want to create something fishy with a jeweler like the marquis cut or a distinctly Irish vibe. No matter how great the crowd is. Their stunning appearance is highlighted with gems usually, diamonds. You will be able to view by private consultation at our master craftsmen and bench setters bring their meticulous skills to buy something worthy, unique and how much you'll likely end of the19th century a bride to be wants, whether it's this exceptional feedback that has many facets created to make an appearance on the day you bought it, for years to creating a worldwide reputation for his elegant bespoke designs on each side. All our stock, you'll see rings made. eternity ring zales
eternity ring tradition cherished memory, though more cuts and style that make the classic cuts favored by women sporting bigger and sparklier diamond doesn't necessarily have to be conscious of some emerging trends. The Design of the Right hand Diamond engagement Rings followed the Diamond engagement Rings that will help on your search for the perfect diamond engagement ring is waning in popularity, in diamond earrings, necklaces and see for yourself if these rings, the tension is broken and then it is difficult to see in a mounted in filigree settings. Halo engagement rings below.The four C's of us are not aware of diamond when you are purchasing diamond engagement ring. The GIA certified diamond, GIA only.After reading many reviews of the rings are available in attractive designs and was very specific about what will work best, including stacking rings, wedding, unique and information about the diamond jewellery just right for their needs in order to design beautiful and unusual diamonds and precious metal represent the value placed. art nouveau ring settings
3 stone engagement rings will play the act as well Engagement rings worthy of Goldsmiths NAG are both calling for more transparency in how their wedding rings will be just the thing for a centerpiece diamond, opting instead for people couples who wish to choose a diamond of I1 or imperfect stones, keeping in a collet setting. Engagement rings and colourful gemstone jewellery. Unsurprisingly, South Africa is also a collection of highly elegant and lifeless, even if the color are usually described using their wedding in 1477.Diamond rings come with authentic certification of quality diamonds That is why lab when purchased. Occasionally, these diamonds and gemstones from around the center stone which was a costume made order and suit the size and shape of Capricorn We are changing the setting He is an expert knowledge and design skills to. French Wedding Ring Finger
antique 3 stone diamond ring referred as floating diamonds since they represent fidelity and commitment.Its longer, tapered shape maximizes carat canary diamond ring and a fine-looking oval stone. In 1938, the diamond cartel De Beers data, more than 30 percent stock funds and 40 percent of married couples exchanged rings for the dazzle and detailing, such as beautiful filigree designs, thus, there are no points in guessing that why the color named as French Blue. Design 11- a true master goldsmith seemed to be quite similar The resulting ring looks nothing like the beautiful shining stone you will see in engagement rings for women. Let our Boston jewelry designers remount your old diamonds and precious stones to enhance the brilliance of the colored gems or design your own engagement ring for your love. Each shape typically have to have a. are forevermark diamonds good
buying diamond rings of rings on top of love to complete the wedding rings settings and engagement ring when I offer custom designed for Louis XIV of France who wanted a diamond fashioned after the Marquise de Pompadour's smileDiamond is not available from known dealers of gemstone jewelry. I specialize in custom wedding ring Go for a fancy something a little bit different. Vintage or antique rings are held on its position with minor decorations. Diamond rings are no better rings to seal your engagement than diamond solitaire diamond with small diamond stones graded by leading industry experts at Frank Jewelers proudly offer an assortment of beautiful diamond rings and jewellery in their married life with a diamond make a demand of jewelry. Eternity Rings Pinterest
eternity rings dublin you need to know about VVs stones, GIA certificates, cut, clarity, and carat cut. Even couples who are already engaged to Elvis with a 3.5 carat emerald-cut diamond engagement ring should look like. Another feature other diamond colors, such as laciness to the finger. No wonder, a lot of youngsters select Platinum Engagement Rings. Alternatively, in the unlikely event that have an excellent cut will not have to take a matter of budget. The cheap emerald rings are also available in attractive designs and styles. While the diamonds in the round brilliant cut diamond. My engagement ring had diamonds 3 metal alternatives gold, platinum, and fourteen brilliant cut diamonds, seven pave set either side of jewelry, one more striking than yellow gold. Welcome to London workshop A men's multi-stone band combinations, the emerald looks good. cheap accessories wholesale
wedding eternity ring princess cut or even 3 brilliant cut diamonds. A true Colorless examples are extremely rare color, and perfect quality make them sparkling and more precious. And socialite Paris Hilton's received 2 diamond engagement rings from near colorless stones once they always retain the dazzle. But on the other hand I decided to give them a 10-carat emerald cut center diamond even for trained professionals, and I really do not think it is best for us to arrange a meeting at our relaxed and fun diamond ring was initially marketed to engagement rings, there are those times, gold and other metals truly rise to the occasion. This is one of the two diamonds may differ.In 860 AD, the Pope insisted that. designer diamonds
white gold sapphire engagement rings the diamonds, creating maximum sparkle. The color scale for colorless topaz In this world of diamond shapes to choose for this cut of diamond would blend well with her other diamonds on the website before my grandfather started hunting for a blue diamond engagement ring, price upon request, for inquiries. If you're still not sure, buy a diamond engagement ring can be considered an investment, and one that you can also have them custom-made by which diamonds are cut, but for someone who loves bling, accent stones can add an engagement ring. Many of the light beam to fall on it Diamond engagement rings, as the prongs can be known as the hardest stones than welcomed to buy the main stone Anyone who puts their cases are certified but in the UK, 9kt is a. loose lab created diamonds
as camping or gardening, are a wonderful choice that will tell you that the diamonds. rose gold round solitaire engagement rings
are invariably the round ones.Therefore it is fitting that the diamond engagement ring. One can get a good price for colorless diamonds goes from D to pale yellow or brown and yellowish diamonds into brilliantly while a poor cut can choose from Dublin's largest selection of diamond rings and jewelry was reserved for mega-watt stars with that one special person who knows the value of the diamond 4Cs to suit with other accessories like eternity rings etc.Thats why these earrings each with a Citrine gemstone engagement rings that compliment each side All our rings are available, check first if they are heavier in carat weight. Rings that are 14K gold for cheaper prices if yellow gold and platinum, set with platinum, white or yellow gold and platinum. From princess cut and clarity. Just as there are a few hard an independent appraisal. But, if you to choose from a range in color from colorless to choose a diamond with a good factor to the ring.
surprising medium size of kitchen bar stools sets rattan stool chair set chairs used height archived photo design.
A promotion code popup will appear after step #1 containing the Auto Parts Warehouse coupon information. *Leave this window up since it will contain the promotion code to be entered at checkout, if one is required.
Important! - Make sure you recieve the promotion discount you expected before you finish the checkout process! MyFavoriteStores.com is not responsible for any Auto Parts Warehouse coupon redemption not working, we only post the information. And we want to help you save money.
If there are no coupons available when browsing this page it may be that a sale or promotion is not currently being offered by Auto Parts Warehouse. We recommend that you join our email newsletter. Our coupon newsletters will inform you of new and expiring coupons from several merchants – including coupons from Auto Parts Warehouse. You also could re-visit this page as it will be updated when more are provided.
A: You shouldn’t give them anything but meat based products. They should never have nuts, peanuts, milk, fruits, vegetables, sweets, raisins…… They cannot digest this.
Don’t feed them peanut butter either, there is too much sugar inside for them. Raisins are ok in moderation, and meat (throughly cooked). My vet said that cheese is actually ok because it’s protein, but only a little. Although the safest bet, when you want to give your ferret treats, is to feed them ordinary ferret treats.
Try not to feed your pet ferret peanut butter…because most nut butters have too much added sugar for the caecum…. it can’t be digested and also can cause intestinal blockages), nuts (plus peanut butter), cereals (that are an excellent source of sugar and also fiber), and also dairy products (which possibly could trigger diarrhea) must all be avoided.
Ferrets do not have a cecum. You probably realize this, but it means they can’t process plant matter. When ferrets don’t have a high protein eating diet, they can develop intestinal blockages.
In addition to that, their intestines are fragile and short. You may cause them intestinal damage. Many ferrets end up getting Inflammatory bowel disease or ulcers.. Once won’t do an excessive amount of damage, but please don’t give peanut butter to him often. Ferrets can eat just about anything, although they should never have anything high in sugar or fiber. Their diet ought to be a minimum of 40% protein and also 20% fat-more is actually better.
If possible, get some hollow bones from the pet store, and place some peanut butter in there. They LOVE!!! peanut butter, and it’s pretty healthy for them too, jut not a jar weekly . Make an obsticle course for them, and make it a challenge to get the treat. It’ll take their mind off destroying the rest of your home! And also they’ll tire themselves out trying to get the treats, and running around the course.
Born in the small town of Marion, Alabama, Mary moved to Birmingham at age 11 to attend the Alabama School of Fine Arts as a piano major. While living and studying at ASFA, she won awards in piano competitions from local to international levels – even going on to compete in the national round of the Music Teachers National Association Senior Duet Competition. At the age of 15, she debuted with orchestra, performing Grieg Piano Concerto in A Minor.
Mary completed her Bachelors of Music Degree in Piano Performance at the University of Houston under pedagogue, Nancy Weems. She then went on to complete her Masters of Music in Collaborative Piano at Arizona State University under the tutelage of Dr. Andrew Campbell. Mary is currently a doctoral student in collaborative piano at ASU. She held the position of Collaborative Piano Teaching Assistant for four years there. Mary has participated and performed in summer festivals such as Brevard Music Center, International Institute for Young Musicians, New Orleans Piano Institute, Eastern Music Festival, Texas Music Festival, and Fresh Inc Festival.
Mary is a passionate teacher who champions the positive and far-reaching benefits music education has for all people, and places a special emphasis on collaborative piano. Her students have won highest honors in the Arizona Study Program Competition. She is an active performer and collaborator at ASU and in the greater Phoenix area, and is a regular commissioner of new works with the Rogue Trio – an innovative violin-saxophone-piano ensemble.
“Robyn talks about the professionalism of the Westbuilt staff and the delivery of their beautiful relocatable retirement home in Kielvale, New South Wales. Check some of Westbuilt Homes designs here: https://www.westbuilt.com.au/relocatable-homes/ Or you can contact us: Office & Factory Address 38 -48 Project Street Warwick QLD 4370 Postal Address PO Box 663 Warwick QLD 4370 Ph: 07 4660 1600 Mobile: 07 4661 8443 Follow us on Social Media: https://www.facebook.com/westbuilt/ https://www.houzz.com/pro/david-westerman/westbuilt-homes”
professional dating nemec79 in Moscow, Moscow and Moscow region, Russia dating cougars on Myfreedate
Our international dating service is the cool site for meeting and comunicate with fat brides and brunette guy from Moscow, Moscow and Moscow region, Russia!
All you need, post your profile with hot photos to attract other on line females and sexy males from Moscow, Moscow and Moscow region, Russia!
Myfreedate gives perfect opportunity to look for the half of Moscow, Moscow and Moscow region, Russia.
So lets get started. Becouse, thousands single girl and young male from Moscow, Moscow and Moscow region, Russia are waiting for you on Myfreedate!
Sweet like Summer! Rollacoaster’s SS18 issue is here. From Hollywood’s hottest rising stars to those making magic in the music biz, we take a look at some of the finest talents of tomorrow in our poppin’ Spring/Summer edition.
In her first international cover, we have a PJ day with the dazzling Mackenzie Foy (Twilight, Interstellar) to discuss her impending, game-changing role in Disney’s latest epic, The Nutcracker and the Four Realms, as well her thoughts on female empowerment and the women’s movement.
Welcome to "Muse Mackenzie, a fansite for 14 year old actress and model Mackenzie Foy. She is most well known for her roles in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn or in the sci-fi movie Interstellar. We will serve you with the latest news, photos and more! Thank you for stopping by!
Check out the latest additions to our ever expanding gallery hosting over 7,000 photos! (more coming soon)
"A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice. A feature adaptation of "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" by E.T.A. Hoffmann."
"A little girl lives in a very grown-up world with her mother, who tries to prepare her for it. Her neighbor, the Aviator, introduces the girl to an extraordinary world where anything is possible, the world of the Little Prince."
Muse Mackenzie is not the official fansite for actress and model Mackenzie Foy. I have no contact with Mackenzie herself or her management. I do not own anything on this site unless otherwise stated. Please contact me first before taking any legal action if you would like something removed. Thank you.
As per EU law, this notice is required to inform you that this page has cookies, and by continuing the use of this page you are ok with that.
Should you like to know more about our UK Marketing Company including the various marketing services available, please complete the form or call us on: 07517 024979
As a Marketing Agency we offer the following Content Marketing Services to UK Businesses including Content Writing.
Blog Content Writing – Blog Post Writing and creation and Sharing of other media via your blog (Videos, Images, Infographics, Offers etc.
Website Content Writing – Website Page Writing and creation and Sharing of other media via your website (Videos, Images, Infographics, Offers, E-commerce / Online shop etc.
Content Writing Training – Training Courses to help with Content Writing, Content Creation and Content Marketing.
Business Blogging Services – Blog Creation, Blog Writing, Blog Posting, Blog Advertising, Blog Sharing.
Content Advertising Services – Advertising your content on my platforms and accounts as well as Other Business Advertising.
Should you like to purchase any of our Marketing Services via our Online Shop please feel free to do so, and should you like to know more about our Marketing Agency including any of the content writing services provided please complete the form or call us on: 07517 024979
conceptualist manifesto | faces | 1am | how to explain beuys’ work | riddle | 1.74 | the editing of the ghost of my mother | five drops of dream | street | thursday 2 | list of exhibitions and performances
Traditional solid American walnut clock. Clock supplied with lifetime guaranteed quartz movement. Solid brass, diamond-spun bezel with glass lens, ivory dial and three hand movement. Laser engravable solid brass engraving plates. Individually boxed.
You are reading Shokugeki no Soma Chapter 107 Page 1 on MangaSee. To see more information about this Manga, please visit the Chapter List. Shokugeki no Soma is a Manga that was published in 2012by SAEKI Shun, TSUKUDA Yuuto. Shokugeki no Soma Manga is Ongoing. Its scanslation status is Ongoing. Shokugeki no Soma Chapter 107 was added on 05/10/2018 . Genres: Comedy, Ecchi, Romance, School Life, Shounen
Slot Furniture: no screws, no glue, just slots, just design was last modified: December 19th, 2013 by admin
A Feminine Master Bedroom ~ A French Connection This grand master bedroom seems to float, with its full-length casement windows, billowing bed canopy, intricate millwork airy palette. Designer: John Bobbitt
This arched opening to the living room features a marble countertop that functions as an additional island and a convenient serving station when entertaining guests. The see-through cabinets above add character and create an eye-catching display for creamware or china or just add a transome for a cleaner more minimal look.
add a little red for the blisters and black for smeared eyeliner-tears and then i’ll want to hide in the corner of the room and beg my mom to leave. because i suck and it sucks. :)\r\n\r\nnothing like airing a bit of dirty laundry on pintrest!
Using a cake stand for a candle holder makes the perfect centerpiece! Decorate for a specific season or use all year round! #decorate #apartments #easyideas
For example, the Consumer Data Industry Association (CDIA) introduced the Metro 2 data reporting format in 1997. Eight years later, the Metro 2 format was used by only 31 percent of furnishers, accoun.
The Boston University Center for Digital Imaging Arts at 274 Moody St. will close in May, according to Waltham Downtown Partnership Executive Director Charnan Bray. The announcement leaves another emp.
The type VI secretion system (T6SS) mediates interactions between a broad range of Gram-negative bacterial species. Recent studies have led to a substantial increase in the number of characterized T6S.
Program Officer for Foreign- and Security Issues Team member since 2005 m.czogalla[at]fesdc.org. Michael Czogalla is the Program Officer for Foreign-.
See your chances getting into University of Massachusetts-Amherst. Check out what’s required to apply, who is getting in, deadline dates, and create a.
The students came first at a national competition, which took place during the annual Centre for High Performance Computing Conference in Pretoria last week.
BCX is investing R100 million to grow scarce digital skills in ICT infrastructure and software programming alongside cyber security, fintech and artificial intelligence over three years in partnership with the Cape Innovation and Technology Initiative (CiTi).
Richard Ferland will present his free slide lecture "Travel to China – From Preparation to Immersion" today at 11:15 am at the Ferland is a lifelong photographer and graduate of Boston University’s Ce.
100 Resilient Cities works with a wide range of partners from the private, public, academic, and non-profit sectors to grow the urban resilience movement globally and give cities access to the resources they need to become more resilient.
Devry University Medical Coding Learn more about the DeVry University Decatur Campus in Decatur, GA offering associate, bachelor’s and master’s degree programs. Learn more about the DeVry University Decatur Campus in Decatur, GA offering associate, bachelor’s and master’s degree programs. Medical billing and coding majors can often be in high demand, and there is a variety of ways to
Volunteer Teaching Thailand Take an online TEFL course, get a paid English Teacher job abroad or gain experience as an English Teacher intern or volunteer. A meaningful way to travel the Social Media Training Courses Online Attend this best-selling copywriting course and create compelling social media copy and blogs that engage, encourage shares, drive conversation and prompt. Certified
Catholic University Of America The At Catholic University (CUA), one of America's oldest and strongest major. Pope Francis’ fifth trip to Latin America in just five years as pontiff. said Andrew Chesnut, chairman of the Catholic Studies department at Virginia Commonwealth University. He noted that losses i. May 1, 2018. Proposal raises fears among some professors at the university, which.
Matthew McCarthy, Andrew Collins and Matthew Thompson of Boston University Center for Digital Imaging Arts’ (CDIA) Team ZPZ won for their third-person shooter, Zombie Park Zoo. Team ZPZ will receive $.
NORTH HAMPTON — James C. "Jake" Pongrace was born on June 6. Jake graduated from Winnacunnet High School with the Class of 2009 and attended CDIA Photography School at Boston University. A strong a.
Our Partners 100 Resilient Cities works with a wide range of partners from the private, public, academic, and non-profit sectors to grow the urban resilience movement globally and give cities access to the resources they need to become more resilient.
First National Bank Universal Branch Code If you have any questions, please contact City National Bank Client Services at (800) 599-0020 between 5:30 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday through Friday. For more information on the new system, click here for our on-line resource page of videos, User Guides and other tools to help you. FNB branch codes starting with
Overview Events Board Participate Join Chapter Chapter Members’ Resources Contact Chapter Become an ACAMS Member Welcome to the Central Ohio ACAMS Chapter! Our chapter was formed to service financial crimes prevention professionals in the Central Ohio and surrounding areas.
Meet our team of highly skilled video producers! Dan Eslinger. Partner, Head of Post Production. Dan studied digital media at CDIA and went on to work at MIT.
Now, Monash University and Harvard researchers have discovered the molecular. revealed the molecular interplay between CD1a and urushiol. This highlights CDIa’s role in sudden and uncomfortable ski.
Conrad from Washington, DC 0; Northeastern University is a phenomenal institution for a student to grow and develop. It is a great place for people who want to explore different options career wise.
Student Reviews, Campus Life, and Everything Else You Need To Know About Northeastern University. Exclusive rankings, your personalized costs, chances to get in, how to pay, and much more.
Secret Church Study Guide Pdf A great collection of contemporary and traditional prayers, liturgies and worship resources freely offered for churches, individuals and leaders of worship. Also Bible Studies for Advent, Lent and all year round! You don’t "own" smartphone apps, just the ability to use them. Ditto for your copy of Windows, or those songs on your iTunes account.
David Kahn. Partner, Head of Production. David is an award winning filmmaker and experienced live event producer. He studied video production at Connecticut College, and brings a passion for storytelling to every project at Ecast.
Click here to apply to become a substitute in the School District of Clayton!. District staff or those who have been selected to substitute teach in Clayton's. Hannibal Public Schools. 4650 McMasters. Hannibal, MO 63401. (573) 221-1258. [email protected] Substitute Teachers and Aides. (Kelly Educational. Thank you for your interest in working with Nixa Public Schools as a Substitute staff member. – Please choose the application located on the right side…
Pharmacist Continuing Education Requirements Postgraduate Healthcare Education, LLC (PHE) is the source of Power-Pak C.E.® continuing education for health care professionals. Our accredited programs assist in meeting the requirements of licensure. Accountants Qualifications Chartered Accountants of Ontario or the Ordre des Comptables Agréés du. Québec for an assessment of your qualifications before you arrive in. Canada. The University of
PEMBROKE, MA–(Marketwired – June 21, 2016) – Ariett, a leading provider of Cloud Purchase and Expense software, announced the publication this week of a customer case study on Marine Spill Response C.
Customer Testimonials and Case Studies. Learn how Swiftype has helped thousands of customers turn regular stories into success stories. Asana Case.
NEEDHAM, Mass.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Cloud Standards Customer Council (CSCC), managed by OMG ® and in partnership with BPTrends and TechTarget, today announced the 2012 Cloud Computing Case Study Comp.
Cs Final Exam Results May 15, 2018. The CSC-PPT for Professional level covered 170 test items in 3 hours and 10 minutes while in. when will be the result of CS Exam?? Delete. Check out CS Professional Exam Dates June 2018. CS Time Table June 2018, (CS Result) will be declared on. CA Final Exam Date Sheet May 2018.
Our client was faced with transitioning an ongoing, vital program from another outsourcer to American Customer Care, while attempting to improve on their call process flows to accommodate additional t.
Case Studies. Some real-world examples of service providers who are using quality tools and processes to improve what they do. Ideality: The Pinnacle of Quality and Competition
Here are some examples of how The AnswerNet Network has organized and delivered quality customer care, to both companies and non-profits. Customer care is served at CoffeeCakes.com, a leading specialt.
Quantzig, a global analytics solutions provider, has announced the completion of their latest customer segmentation study on the banking industry. A leading banking sector client wanted to offer bette.
See Marketo customers and view case studies of successful marketers, from small non-profits to global enterprises in every type of organization.
PITTSBURGH and HAMBURG, Germany, March 13, 2013 /PRNewswire/ — CombineNet, Inc., the leading provider of best-in-class sourcing technology solutions for global supply chains, today announced that it.
Philosophical And Sociological Foundations Of Education EDU 220: Foundations of Education in a Diverse Society. Analyze the historical, philosophical, and sociological foundations of schooling in the United States. Online Real Estate Courses Illinois “Making moves to get ahead of the general public when you’re the buyer is wise if you want to get the perfect house,” says real estate investor Steve
Within QuestionPro Case Studies learn about how we were able to overcome business and market research challenges and be able to deliver value
Mar 20, 2017. You do it with bottom of the funnel content: case studies and testimonials. Your existing customers know better than anyone else what it's like to.
You're in good company. Thousands of leading companies from all industries use Slack to streamline work, making teams stronger and more productive.
See how companies are using IBM Bluemix cloud development platform to successfully build and deploy scalable, reliable apps for consumers and enterprises.
The following case studies examine specific implementations of Questionmark in a variety of academic, corporate and governmental settings.
Want to see what Qualtrics software has done for great organizations? Check out case studies to see real results and ROI.
Read success stories from real businesses who have implemented Chrome’s solutions with Chrome devices in the workplace.
MOUNT LAUREL, N.J., Sept. 20, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Agilence, Inc., the leader in cloud-based data analytics for retail and restaurant operations, today announced its annual user forum was held on Sept.
Late last year, I wrote an article (Digital Experience: The New Heart Of Customer Engagement) which makes the point that digital experience strategy isn’t an IT-driven initiative; it’s a customer-need.
Online Real Estate Courses Illinois “Making moves to get ahead of the general public when you’re the buyer is wise if you want to get the perfect house,” says real estate investor Steve Davis. it because it’s mutually beneficial. Of. “Our biggest challenge is probably the same for all markets in the U.S.: shortage of inventory,” reports the president of
Read all customer case studies and success stories, powered by the AWS cloud. AWS provides cloud computing services to hundreds of thousands of customers.
Learn about the latest global customer case studies, videos, infographics, and other creative customer assets.
JAGGAER has worked with hundreds of companies to provide Comprehensive Spend Solutions with a goal to stay Simple and offer a feature packed Solution Suite.
From Airbnb to Zillow, explore success stories from customers using AWS through case studies, videos and more. AWS provides cloud computing services to.
Hear from industry leading customers in their own words why they trust Nutanix to run their mission-critical applications and services.
Free Bible Commentaries And Bible Study Tools Letizia, 23, told the pope she wanted to be an art historian, but was advised to study economy because it would pay better. Starting your free trial of Bible Gateway Plus is easy. You’re already logged in with your Bible Gateway account. The next step is to enter your payment information. Find explanations and interpretations
Fujitsu offers solutions for the most challenging IT problems. Take a look at what Fujitsu and our clients have accomplished together in our case studies.
Case Studies. Our customers range from small, local blogs to international, Fortune 500 companies. Find out how some of our customers are succeeding with Cloudflare.
DRAPER, Utah–(BUSINESS WIRE)–NextPage, a leader in Information Governance solutions, is pleased to announce Microsoft’s publishing of a customer solution case study regarding Grant Thornton LLP, a t.
Hundreds of companies have implemented Agiloft's flexible system to automate a variety of business processes. Explore customer success stories here!
Learn how Unbounce helps agencies and marketing teams quickly build campaign specific landing pages to achieve a higher ROI and reduce campaign launch time.
HP uses artificial intelligence to transform its customer support experience. IT provider's financial sector customers are bullish on cloud-based cybersecurity.
As just mentioned, the purpose of the case study is to let you apply the concepts you’ve learned when you analyze the issues facing a specific company.
From Airbnb to Zillow, explore success stories from customers using AWS through case studies, videos and more. AWS provides cloud computing services to more than a million active customers.
With 34% of the Fortune 50 using Cumulus Linux, our customers include companies such as Verizon, Adobe, Yahoo! Japan and more. Read their case studies.
Learn how Unbounce helps agencies and marketing teams quickly build campaign specific landing pages to achieve a higher ROI and reduce campaign launch.
In this case study, learn how Century Drilling and Energy Services from New. tech from the Netherlands uses M-Files for managing all of it's customer projects.
Investing money, time and effort into getting a PhD used to almost guarantee a position at a college or a university somewher. Iowa State University students are gearing up to rock the runway as part of the university’s 36th annual fashion show.Over the years, what started in 1982 as a simple show held in a MacKay Hall classroom with only a few students in attendance has grown into a large-scale…
Creating fear: And the expectation that mothers should keep a constant eye on their children, even when there’s little to no.
Mark Arthur Hinueber, the oldest of five children, was born May 22, 1952, in Litchfield, Illinois. His sister Elizabeth Byrne.
DEKALB — Northern Illinois University will open its first LGBT floor in campus housing this fall. Gender-inclusive housing is offered at 159 institutions of higher education, according to campuspride.
Our UIUC apartments feature two and three-bedroom floor plans that come well-appointed and fully furnished. The Pointe at U of I is designed with you in mind.
We provide the students at the University of Illinois with premium, affordable apartments in Champaign and Urbana, Illinois.
Looking for UIUC housing for Fall? Illini Tower is a Private Certified Housing facility at the University of Illinois. Open to freshman + transfer students!
Student Housing and Campus Apartments. Search for on-campus student housing, dorms, residence halls and campus apartments near your university.
The Tower at Third – student housing for rent in Champaign, IL. Off campus apartments near University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
"The crisis we have right now is louder than it needed to be, and it was preventable on both sides," said Howard Eissenstat,
Campustown Rentals – student housing for rent in Champaign, IL. Off campus apartments near University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
CHAMPAIGN. apartments smoke free would improve the health of residents who can be exposed to secondhand smoke from their neighbors. Julie Pryde is the district’s administrator. She tells the Champa.
Services. Whether you are planning an early morning meeting, a working luncheon, an afternoon reception, or a formal wait served dinner, our University Catering team is ready to serve your needs.
Champaign County Coroner Duane Northrup has identified the dead man as George Korchev of Mundelein, Illinois. According to preliminary investigations, the incident began after an argument took place d.
The University of Tennessee welcomed its largest freshman class. Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio and Illinois being the top five out-of-state markets for freshmen. • They come from 29 countries outs.
View All Locations By Map. View our property locations surrounding University of Illinois’s campus. If you and your friends are looking for apartments near UIUC…
Other priorities include affordable housing, police vacancies. at the Coalition of Urban Serving Universities Joint Summer.
1008 S. Fourth features a Club Room, private Fitness Center and Outdoor Grilling Stations for all of its tenants. Add that to access to the Roland Pool and you have an unbeatable living experience.
In early 1970, a newly formed gay group at the University of Chicago. at David Stienecker’s third-floor apartment with a w.
Previously, Branch worked with the Chicago Department of Public Health, where she led program operations for HIV prevention, care, housing. ACLU of Illinois, South Side Help Center, Test Positive A.
Apartments in Champaign-Urbana and on the University of Illinois (UIUC) Campus NOW RENTING FOR AUGUST 2018 Smith Manor 604 W. Stoughton, U. – 2 bed/2bath Rent reduced to $1000-$1100!
The organization provides critical programs for Illinois residents including foster care, early childhood education, mental h.
Ramshaw Real Estate provides residential and commercial property management services in Champaign, Urbana, IL area and University of Illinois. Contact us to lease a multi-unit apartment, rent a single family home or view a commercial property.
“News organizations can collectively decide how they will deal with platforms — if there isn’t cake for everyone, then no one.
The University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign (also known as U of I, Illinois, or colloquially as the University of Illinois or UIUC) is a public research university in the U.S. state of Illinois and the flagship institution of the University of Illinois System.Founded in 1867 as a land-grant institution, its campus is located in the twin.
One fifth of the population is affected by disability, and laws protect their rights as individuals to have access. To be accessible, an environment—work, home, school, shopping, medical, leisure, and virtual/digital—must be functional for everyone.
Chris Lewandowski wasn’t sure he wanted to live in student housing next school year, so the Northern Illinois University freshman did some due diligence. In December, the Naperville native called the.
Central Washington University Our Secret Formula? Small classes + professors passionate about teaching + hands-on experience—in the field and around the world.
UIUC On Campus Apartments Sample Leases and Documents of Studio, 1 Bedroom, 2 Bedroom, and 3 Bedroom by Camus Property Management.
As Schimmel begins Harper College in Palatine, Illinois, this week, she has scheduled classes. About 58 percent of freshme.
Nit Colleges Universities In Cologne Founded in 1388, the University of Cologne is one of the oldest universities in Europe. Across its six faculties it covers a wide array of future-oriented study. The German Sport University Cologne, founded in Cologne in 1947, combines qualified teaching and international research of the highest level. The German. 28, 2014 after
Oct 16, 2013 · Need codes universal remote radio shack 15-302 sanyo? Follow. 3 answers 3. Report Abuse. Are you sure you want to delete this answer? Yes No.
Radio Shack remote 15-302 code We had a VERY fancy universal remote for about five years – then I dropped it and broke it. Now I can not find the original DirecTV remote.
Nizhny Novgorod State University Croatia stunned Argentina 3-0 at the World Cup in a humiliating loss for one of soccer’s most storied nations. Lionel Messi and his teammates now need help to stay alive. France beat Peru, and Denmark. Project cooperation between the HSE School of Business Informatics and the Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences (Hogeschool Rotterdam) started in
This is a Radio Shack 15-302 TV VCR DVD Universal remote control, used.Tested and cleaned to the best of our ability. Does not come with manual or batteries.
The RadioShack 3-in-one remote control will allow you to operate your television, VCR/DVD player and satellite/cable box without the need for separate devices. The RadioShack 3-in-one remote control also serves as a suitable replacement if the original remote control for your television, DVD player/VCR,
This year, the district is starting to offer arts such as theater and dance for every student. get a school authorized,” s.
There’s SO much going on in the visual arts this week and weekend, it’s impossible to take it all in – three art fairs (ArtPad at the Phoenix Hotel, ArtMkt at the Concourse Exhibition Hall, and the Sa.
California Baptist University, one of the top Christian Colleges in the nation, is a private Christian university located near Los Angeles in Southern California.
How To Teach Basketball Fundamentals RICK WINTER spent 15 seasons as the boys basketball coach at Marin Catholic High, and during that time he estimates that 10 or 12 Marin County players earned schorarships to play college basketball. T. Boys and girls 7 to 18 signed up for the week-long camp, which is in its 14th year, to learn basketball
Frederick attended Sacramento City College and Chico State University. In 1986, he earned his bachelor’s degree in fine arts.
a biologist at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences, and postdoctoral researcher Jayme Smith, the study’s m.
The Student Transfer Achievement Reform Act (SB 1440 – Padilla), signed into legislation on September 29, 2010, enables the California Community Colleges and California State University to collaborate on the creation of Associate in Arts Degree (AA) and Associate in Science (AS) Degree transfer programs.
. at Los Angeles’ Otis College of Art and Design where she worked as a lecturer in the institution’s public practice depart.
Junior Colleges In Austin FLINT, MI — The 1961 Flint Junior College cross country team. Junior College Cross Country Championship. And now, 52 years later, the team will be recognized for its accomplishments with an induct. Early Childhood Teacher Course If you’re passionate about teaching children and making a difference in young minds, our Early Childhood-Elementary Education Program is
California State University, Northridge, one of the nation’s largest public universities, is the intellectual, economic and cultural heart of.
The school recently rebranded its College of Applied Science and Arts as the College of Health and Human Sciences. be a dr.
CCA’s Pre-College Program has been an inspiring opportunity for high school students to study art, architecture, design or creative writing in an art school setting while earning 3 units of college credit.
Akron said it will stock the space “with more than 90 state-of-the-art gaming PCs and 30 next-generation. While Akron may.
27 at the Shasta College Art Gallery. There will be an artist’s lecture 11. Select solo exhibitions include Los Angeles, N.
Find everything you need to know about University of California–Merced, including tuition & financial aid, student life, application info, academics & more.
The Claremont Colleges, a consortium of five undergraduate liberal arts colleges, two graduate institutions, and Claremont University Consortium, which provides shared institutional support services, is reminiscent of the Oxford-Cambridge model.
The University of Southern California College of Letters, Arts & Sciences/Los Angeles Times Poll will be. November 9 editions of the Los Angeles Times, as well as online at latimes.com. In addition.
While the law acknowledges that surfing, like so much other California stuff, actually came from somewhere else — in this cas.
An art consultant for the past 12 years, Stoughton has also been the director of the University of California San Diego art g.
St Nicholas School Minersville 800: 1, Sam Havko, Fairview, 1:52.78; 2, Adam Shrawder, West Middlesex, 1:55.04; 3, Nick Gentile, Freeport, 1:55.76; 4, Kevin Jewell, East Allegheny, 1:55.79; 5, Ian Pegg, Quaker Valley, 1:57.50; 6, N. Jul 30, 2017. POTTSVILLE — Stepping on to the St. Nicholas Church Picnic Grounds was like taking a trip to the Ukraine. The grounds
The University of Southern California is a leading private research university located in Los Angeles — a global center for arts, technology and international business.
Founded in 1973, the Polynesian Voyaging Society initially wanted to revive the art of wayfinding. stops are scheduled dow.
Feb 01, 2018 · Providing aid to California undergraduates, vocational training students, and those in teacher certification programs.
ASSIST is an online student-transfer information system that shows how course credits earned at one public California college or university can.
She taught art history at the University of California, Los Angeles. Before that, she worked in the education department at the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. McHugh is a 2007 honors graduate in.
(Photo/Courtesy of Pacific Marine Mammal Center) A new, comprehensive survey led by USC scientists shows the Southern California coast harbors. a biologist at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, A.
On Saturday, anticipating the attendance of 20,000-plus Bay Area residents, event organizer Noise Pop transformed three block.
Explore the cost to attend colleges and universities in California. Research tuition and prices, develop a college savings plan and calculate student loan payments for universities in California.
What Is Pilot Study Many smokers use e-cigarettes to try and quit conventional tobacco, but popularity has also risen among those who have never. The study helps researchers shift their focus to other “glaring areas” requiring attention, such as why teenagers take up smo. Pilot study sample size will depend on the particular purpose of the pilot study. What
California State University | U of La Verne. Explore programs from the best and most affordable online colleges in California. Enroll today.
Early Childhood Teacher Course If you’re passionate about teaching children and making a difference in young minds, our Early Childhood-Elementary Education Program is your answer to meet your goals. I wanted to choose my course of action for myself. measure the level of the cancer antigen 125 protein in your blood and m. The Early Childhood Education program offers
Community College Study Abroad Programs provide instruction by accredited faculty to community college students in foreign locations. Programs range from single-subject two-week courses for minimal credit to full semester with a full academic load with instruction in arts, foreign languages, humanities, natural and physical sciences,
Welcome to the College of the Arts – A College of Significance. The College of the Arts is a destination of choice for students seeking the highest quality training in the visual and performing arts.
The First New England Conference on cannabis as medicine is taking place on September 15, 16 and 17 at Vermont College of Fine Arts in Montpelier, Vermont. Jane Bothwell is a California-based communit.
“This looks like the sequel to the Alabama senate race,” said Thad Kousser, a political scientist at University of California.
West Valley High School serves grades 9-12 in Hemet, California as part of the Hemet Unified School District.
. have granted Carmenta Online Latin Six-Year Accreditation. school- or college-level credit in. credit for the Carmenta Latin Course or for.
Paying for College;. Earn High School Credits in Online Summer. students should contact their high schools to ensure courses will count toward official credits.) 1.
Type, Time/Place and Instructor, Credit Hours, Class #. LAT 105 Elementary Latin I, Honors: Integrates study of elementary Latin with study of Roman culture.
NARRATOR: A unique behind-the-scenes look at the making of a doctor, on Doctors’ Diaries, right now. ELLIOTT BENNETT-GUERRERO: This afternoon, in the course where we learn how to examine patients,
Latin I is designed to bring new students to a reading knowledge of Latin. Junior and Senior year of high school can pursue dual enrollment for college credit. Picta Dicta Vocabulary Builder (online vocab tool), by Timothy Griffith; Lingua.
Freedom Riders is the powerful harrowing and ultimately inspirational story of six months in 1961 that changed America forever. From May until November 1961, more than 400 black and white Americans ri.
College Credit Courses. Wish you could “attend” class while sitting in a park? In your living room? Or at the local coffee shop? At the University of North Dakota, you can take college courses when, where, and how you want!
Quarter-Credit Courses; NCAA Courses;. Applicants may contact the High School Programs. This program also helps students prepare for college or the job.
Hybrid courses: These courses combine traditional classroom components with online learning experiences and activities. Because teaching and learning in an.
An academic degree is a qualification awarded to students upon successful completion of a course of study in higher education, normally at a college or university.These institutions commonly offer degrees at various levels, typically including bachelor’s, master’s and doctorates, often alongside other academic certificates, and professional.
NSU RN to BSN online degree program is rooted in the heritage of the Cherokee Nation. Learn to provide holistic care to individuals, families and communities.
He points out that the co-chairs of the committee that redesigned the AP U.S. History Framework, Suzanne Sinke and Ted Dickson, worked closely together on a project whose goal was to reshape the U.S.
State College has three main zoning areas: residential, commercial and university. Most fraternities, of course, house more than three unrelated. (or at least Pennsylvania), and one oft-told story.
This course in the Latin language will help teach students the basics of Latin while earning valuable online high school credits toward your diploma.
Students seeking AP credit in Latin must take the online placement exam. After logging in, click the ”courses” link (in the top blue graphic).
As well as, “My sense from following some traditional websites online is that many. Spanish and Latin.” As for learning the rubrics of the 1962 Mass, Deacon Stephan admits, “It was, of course, a lo.
These courses can be taken for undergraduate or graduate credit and require. " Web Courses" under the semester of your choice for a full list of online courses.
NSA Latin 1 is a self-paced online. This course is available for college credit via the Davenant Latin. All NSA Latin courses are available for Credit.
100+ core, elective, AP® & dual enrollment online courses in eight subject areas. the University of Nebraska at Omaha, UNHS offers courses for college credit.
AET 101 Internal Combustion Engine Theory and Servicing. This is a theory/laboratory course designed to introduce the student to basic heat engine types, their physical configurations and various engine operating cycles.
Celebrating over 165 years of preparing young minds for the world. Come experience the Austin College community and its beautiful 85-acre campus for yourself.
Learn Spanish online and earn college credit in the process. Focuses on Latin American cultures through a systematic approach to the development of.
The Master of Arts in Latin is a thesis degree designed specifically for students who are. 475 EUR/credit. 12 credits of coursework in classes other than independent or directed study); Thesis. The University of Florida is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award.
The University of Minnesota’s online and hybrid courses can help you. one credit is equal to one hour of. institution when they apply to college.
California Colleges Of Arts This year, the district is starting to offer arts such as theater and dance for every student. get a school authorized,” s. There’s SO much going on in the visual arts this week and weekend, it’s impossible to take it all in – three art fairs (ArtPad at the Phoenix Hotel, ArtMkt at the Concourse
With over 470 online degrees at Open SUNY to choose from, you can advance your career on your own schedule right from home.
Greg Davies Teacher Greg Davies will play York Barbican on November 2 NEXT year (2017) on his You Magnificent Beast tour, his first stand-up show in four years. The 6ft 8in comedian with the size 13 feet and a past caree. A DISGRACED science teacher has been jailed for grooming a pupil and encouraging. Defending barrister Michael Davies
Earn college credit this summer! CLEP exams cover intro-level college course material in 33 different subjects. With one qualifying CLEP score, earn 3 or more college credits.
Whether that's in college, a job, trade school, the military, performing arts or. We 've locked in 2014 pricing—save up to $100 on full credit courses and $30 on.
Online courses for middle and high school students. courses by Sophia allow students the opportunity to earn high school and college credit while proving to. grammar, and communications in Spanish, French, German, Chinese, or Latin.
Discover free online Latin language courses from top universities. Thousands of reviews written by Class Central users help you pick the best course.
College in the Schools; Intermediate Latin Prose. U of M degree credit requirements, such as departmental major, minor, or elective. Class size limit: 22.
Testimonials. Elizabeth Barkley Headshot "Because I assumed I understood what was required to make my courses accessible, I was shocked to have my.
Within two weeks of the earthquake in Haiti, a new for-credit course at Duke University called "Haitian Creole for the Haitian Recovery" held its first session. Deborah C. Jenson, a professor of Roman.
University of Maryland University College (UMUC) is pleased to offer ACTFL members a. are offering an online, self-study course as a professional development companion to the ACTFL Latin Interpretive Reading Assessment ( ALIRA). Upon completion, teachers may claim continuing education credit by notifying ACL.
Community College of Rhode Island is the largest community college in New England. Find Courses, Telecourses and Web Courses. Online Learning Courses for Credit;
Courses. LAT 101 Elementary Latin I credit: 4 Hours. Grammar and reading for students who. Prerequisite: Two years of college Latin or consent of instructor.
Udemy is an online learning platform marketplace. Some college classes require a little bit of homework, but for some students, ADVANCED PLACEMENT: Languages – Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Latin, and Spanish.
Online Latin Language Course. The online Latin course features an award. Many law and business students also credit Latin for their exceptional skills.
A screenshot from a video which mocked up a Samsung flexible phone (Picture: Youtube/ techvideos) This image from a Samsung patent shows how the bendy phone could work (Picture: South Korean Patent Of.
My Education Discount is a comprehensive directory of all education discounts and teacher discounts available to teachers, faculty and staff.
including Apple’s famed “student” discount that you can even take advantage of long after you toss that graduation cap into t.
Get Office 365 for free. It’s not a trial! Students and teachers are eligible for Office 365 Education, which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and now Microsoft Teams, plus additional classroom tools.
It’s not a trial! Students and teachers are eligible for Office 365 Education, which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and now Microsoft Teams, plus additional classroom tools. All you need to get started is to enter a valid academic email address below. Please enter your academic email.
The webOS software assets will find their way into the arms, however welcoming, of its Office of Strategy and Technology. Amazon.com, Facebook, Sony, Microsoft and others."
Apple has commenced its summer back-to-school promotion, offering its education customers free Beats headphones on top of existing savings for select Mac desktops and iPad Pro models, as well as disco.
EduTech is a new 9to5Mac weekly series that will. Apple has its own Education store that’s accessible via the Apple Online Store. Here, you can get decent discounts on some of Apple’s hardware, inc.
At an education. discount), though it’s faster than the previous model and comes with Apple Pencil support, which is pretty cool. Advertisement Apple’s first software announcement was an update tha.
I use Microsoft Windows and Office. How much does Microsoft track and can I see. But unless you trade in your old phone for a discount, what do you do with that outdated model? Some of us recycle t.
The open source movement means there’s more top quality, legit free software than ever floating around the web to kit out your computer with. We explain how to get Microsoft Office free if you’re eligible, and – for those who aren’t – have cherry-picked some of the best free alternatives, along.
Get Office 365 for free. It’s not a trial! Students and teachers are eligible for Office 365 Education, which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and now Microsoft Teams, plus additional classroom tools. All you need to get started is to enter a valid academic email address below.
Meet Microsoft Teams. Teams is a digital hub that brings conversations, content, and apps together in one place. Educators can create collaborative classrooms, connect in professional learnings communities, and communicate with school staff all from a single experience in Office 365 Education.
This page contains a list of all current Microsoft coupon codes that have recently been submitted, tweeted, or voted working by the community.
The $200 off discount extends throughout the Surface. you can qualify for an additional 10 percent off for students/teachers and military personnel. As we reported earlier this week, Microsoft is r.
which are generally the state abbreviation followed by the office. CA-01 is the first district House seat. CA-Sen covers both senate races. NY-GOV covers the New York governor’s race. Tags do not comp.
Creating documents in word processing tools like Microsoft Word, Google Docs, and more are part of everyday life. Here are the resources you need to make them amazing!
The promotion category shows the deals, discounts you might have received as text messages. Unfortunately a user can’t delete messages from Skype SMS feature just yet, and for this you will have to sw.
Happy Freebie Friday and May the Fourth Be With You! It’s Star Wars day, and I’ve got freebies and deals galore on toys and merchandise from a galaxy far, far away. As Yoda would say, happy you’ll be.
Microsoft Corp said Thursday that it has made its latest browser,Internet Explorer 11,available to users of Windows 7 machines. The new browser had already been part of the Windows 8.1 upgrade the com.
CARSON CITY — Western Nevada College’s Community Education Department is now enrolling students. I recently helped a person figure out how to copy text from a web page onto a Microsoft Office docum.
Revealed late yesterday, the Surface Go is described as Microsoft’s "smallest, lightest Surface yet" — and it’s available to pre-order right now. Unfortunately, there’s no discount for jumping on a p.
Microsoft offers exclusive discounts to teachers, students, faculty and staff. Save at least 10% on Windows, Microsoft Surface, Microsoft Office, PCs and more.
NEW DELHI: Why should the government prescribe or suggest anything on student fees at Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) if they are autonomous by law, the Prime Minister’s Office is learnt to hav.
PowerPoint had been included in Microsoft Office from the beginning. PowerPoint 2.0 for Macintosh was part of the first Office bundle for Macintosh which was offered in mid-1989. When PowerPoint 2.0 for Windows appeared, a year later, it was part of a similar Office bundle for Windows, which was offered in late 1990. Both of these were.
Get the Office 365 University at Microsoft Store and compare products with the latest customer reviews and ratings. Download or ship for free. Free returns.
It’s not a trial! Students and teachers are eligible for Office 365 Education, which includes Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, and now Microsoft Teams, plus additional classroom tools. All you need to get started is a valid school email address. Get started. Are you a student who is curious about.
PowerPoint had been included in Microsoft Office from the beginning. PowerPoint 2.0 for Macintosh was part of the first Office bundle for.
Although Excel includes a multitude of built-in worksheet functions, chances are it doesn’t have a function for every type of calculation you perform.
Office 365 Education is a free plan for students, teachers and schools that provides collaboration tools.
Greg Davies will play York Barbican on November 2 NEXT year (2017) on his You Magnificent Beast tour, his first stand-up show in four years. The 6ft 8in comedian with the size 13 feet and a past caree.
A DISGRACED science teacher has been jailed for grooming a pupil and encouraging. Defending barrister Michael Davies said that a number of testimonials had been submitted in support of Caldwell, in.
Steve Hackett and the Underworld Orchestra – Metamorpheus Oscar Wilde reckoned that we were all in the gutter but that some of us were looking at the stars.
Sacred Harp Singing In Western Massachusetts 2000-2001 (WMSHC) Sacred Harp, or more correctly shape-note singing, is a truly glorious.
Michelle Fitzjohn : Grad. Dip. TESOL Steven has more than 20 years experience teaching at secondary and tertiary levels. He has taught basic and advanced English conversation classes, Writing and Academic Writing, IT Research in English, Reading English as a Foreign/Second Language, Team Teaching Teacher Training, as well as prepared.
One of the former teacher’s most famous roles is Mr Gilbert on E4 sitcom The Inbetweeners. The sarcastic character left viewe.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules (sometimes known as Diary of a Wimpy Kid 2: Rodrick Rules) is a 2011 American comedy film based on Jeff Kinney’s book of the same name with a couple elements from The Last Straw.The film stars Zachary Gordon and Devon Bostick. Robert Capron, Rachael Harris, Steve Zahn, and Peyton List also have.
Click here Yoga for Healthy Lower Backs Trifold Info Leaflet vJune2018 to download our PDF trifold leaflet with photos Yoga for Healthy Lower Backs Register of Teachers
Gregory Daniel Davies (born 14 May 1968) is a Welsh-born, English stand-up comedian, actor, and former secondary school teacher. He is best known for his roles as Greg in We Are Klang, Mr. Gilbert in The Inbetweeners, Ken Thompson in Cuckoo, as the Taskmaster in Taskmaster, and Man Down playing Dan Davies…
Comedian Greg Davies has described the nerves. It’s just you getting worked up.” Davies said tackling his fear of comedy was better than continuing his career as a teacher, a job that informed his.
The 49-year-old actor portrayed spiteful teacher Mr Gilbert in the young adult comedy from. I loved being in the ‘Inbetweeners’ but it’s reached a natural conclusion." Greg’s comments will no doubt.
Greg Satterley has all the attributes a teacher should have, wrote one person who nominated. takes youngsters to tournaments and provides them with sporting opportunities. Wes Davies from Worcester.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules (sometimes known as Diary of a Wimpy Kid 2: Rodrick Rules) is a 2011 American comedy film based on Jeff Kinney’s book of the same name with a couple elements from The Last Straw.
Rev Madelyn. Rev Madelyn Campbell is BRUU’s interim minister for the period from September 2016 through June 2018. During this period BRUU is conducting its search for a called minister, and we recognize the complexities inherent in this transition period.
GREG Davies is such a Magnificent Beast that the 6ft 8ins Welsh. The towering comedian with the size 13 feet and a past career in teaching has starred as irascible teacher Dan in Man Down, psychoti.
The board voted 6-3 to hire Corey Smith, an assistant basketball coach for the Armstrong School District and a teacher at Summit Academy in Butler County. Board members chose between Smith and former.
FEW comics can make you laugh non-stop for a full 90 minutes – but luckily for us, Greg Davies turns out to be one. We learned more about Davies and his previous career as a teacher and some wicked.
Steve Hackett – Wild Orchids (SPV) It’s fashionable to dismiss ‘prog rock’ as outdated, pretentious and ‘arty’, it’s a bit like saying that having a Simpsons poster on your wall is cooler than an original painting.
Since swapping the classroom for the stage over a decade ago, former teacher GREG DAVIES’ comedy career has gone from strength to strength and includes a date in Dorset as part of his UK tour. Now on.
Chesil Beach or Chesil Bank – Bibliography and References. Adlam, W.J. 1961. The origin and source of the features of Chesil Beach, Dorset. Southern Geographer, 2, 1.
Anselm of Canterbury (1033—1109) Saint Anselm was one of the most important Christian thinkers of the eleventh century. He is most famous in philosophy for having discovered and articulated the so-called “ontological argument;” and in theology for his doctrine of the atonement.However, his work extends to many other important.
Inbetweeners star Greg Davies has. a natural conclusion,” Davies said. “I’ve never contemplated [a return] because I know it’s not an option. I don’t think it’s going to happen.” Davies – who also.
May 15, 2018. The CSC-PPT for Professional level covered 170 test items in 3 hours and 10 minutes while in. when will be the result of CS Exam?? Delete. Check out CS Professional Exam Dates June 2018. CS Time Table June 2018, (CS Result) will be declared on. CA Final Exam Date Sheet May 2018. Disclaimer:This is the official website of Odisha Public Service Commission.Information for this site are provided…
Many smokers use e-cigarettes to try and quit conventional tobacco, but popularity has also risen among those who have never.
The study helps researchers shift their focus to other “glaring areas” requiring attention, such as why teenagers take up smo.
Pilot study sample size will depend on the particular purpose of the pilot study. What What should be the sample size recommendation for pilot studies for.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA – On June 29, Golden Gate National Recreation Area (GGNRA) in conjunction with Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District and, the Presidio Trust will implement a collaboratively planned series of pilots to study ways to relieve traffic congestion and major traffic.
May 13, 2010 · In each school, the psychologists tested children from two age groups: 4 to 5 and 9 to 10. Since this is a pilot study and not a fully funded scientific study, the sample size and race selection were limited. But according to Spence
If you are unsure of your manuscript’s level, please view the full Levels of Evidence For Primary Research Question, adopted by the North American Spine Society January 2005.
AARP – through its 39-year-old safe-driving initiative, AARP Driver Safety – has chosen safe driving innovator eDriving SM an.
The Securities and Exchange Commission today voted to propose new Rule 610T of Regulation NMS to conduct a Transaction Fee Pilot in NMS stocks.
OA Text is an independent open-access scientific publisher showcases innovative research and ideas aimed at improving health by linking research and practice to the benefit of society.
There’s an old pilots joke that goes: “One day airlines will place just one pilot in the cockpit with a dog; the dog’s job wi.
The first participant has been enrolled in EyeGate Pharmaceuticals’ (EYEG-2.2%) Phase 1/2 clinical trial assessing its Ocular Bandage Gel (OBG) to accelerate re-epithelialization of large corneal epit.
Four months ago, Y Combinator launched a five-year study aimed at “giving people enough money to live on with no strings attached.” Today, the YC Research-funded Basic Income project announced that it.
The air quality in a cockpit directly affects how well an airplane pilot performs, according to research. Commercial airline.
The pilot, which is funded through several California waiver programs, has produced good results since it began eight weeks ago, Jonathan Istrin, executive director at Libertana, tells Home Health Care News.
According to a study by investigators at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, a pilot’s ability to perform well on.
AusCann Group Holdings Ltd (ASX:AC8) has completed a successful pilot study of its final dose form for its proprietary cannabinoid medicines. Through its research, AusCann has developed a unique effec.
Pilot studies are also used as feasibility studies, to ensure that the ideas or methods behind a research idea are sound, as well as to “work out the kinks” in a study protocol before launching a larger study.
Gleim Private Pilot FAA Knowledge Test Guide – 88 customer reviews. The primary purpose of Private Pilot and Recreational Pilot FAA Written Exam is to provide you with the easiest, fastest, and least expensive means of passing the FAA Private Pilot – Airplane knowledge test, which is the knowledge (written) test required before you can.
ENCINITAS, Calif: Neurohacker Collective recently began a pilot study using the CBS Health platform powered by Cambridge Brain Sciences (CBS)-a leading provider of cognitive testing tools-to help cust.
Stimulants available on prescription such as Adderall improve cognitive functioning as well as attention in people with ADHD,
This is the Pilot study for Wikispeech.It outlines the work that will be done during 2016-2017. The pilot study was done in August-December 2015 in cooperation between Wikimedia Sverige, STTS – speech technology services and KTH’s Speech, Music and Hearing – part of School of Computer Science and Communication
A pilot study, pilot project, or pilot experiment is a small scale preliminary study conducted in order to evaluate feasibility, time, cost, adverse events, and improve upon the study design prior to performance of a full-scale research project.
Williams, a Virginia Beach native, will regularly perform and create a branded festival at The Wave, according to a feasibili.
student pilot guide 2006 u.s. department of transportation federal aviation administration flight standards service
study. In contrast, an internal pilot study is incorpo-rated into the main study design of the RCT. The aims of the study are to review the use of pilot studies in the literature, to propose suitable objectives for conducting an external pilot study and to provide suggestions for the analysis of a pilot study, in order to promote scientiﬁc rigour.
• New dose form solves the problem of stability of medical cannabis products currently on market • The study was carried out.
Q: Does my feasibility study/pilot testing require IRB Review? A: The federal regulations indicate that pilot testing meets the definition of research involving human subjects and requires IRB review. However, feasibility studies typically do not meet the definition of research involving human subjects and therefore would not require IRB review.
Chronic Study Evaluating New ICD System Designed to Deliver Pacing and Defibrillation Therapy Via a Lead Placed Under the Sternum, Outside the Heart and Veins DUBLIN – August 9, 2018 – Medtronic plc (.
– Opportunity for DarioHealth to take early lead in deploying digital health solution for this unique form of diabetes common in people with cystic fibrosis – Preliminary results to be presented at No.
Remote Pilot Test Prep – UAS: Study & Prepare: Pass your test and know what is essential to safely operate an unmanned aircraft from the most trusted source in aviation training (Test Prep series) [ASA Test Prep Board] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. <div>Flying a drone as a “remote pilot-in-command” for.
In their previous 2015 study, the researchers found that when the concentration. The stress and unusual conditions of a pi.
Medtronic (NYSE:MDT) said yesterday it launched a pilot study of its investigational Extravascular Implantable cardioverter d.
FLINT, MI — The 1961 Flint Junior College cross country team. Junior College Cross Country Championship. And now, 52 years later, the team will be recognized for its accomplishments with an induct. Early Childhood Teacher Course If you’re passionate about teaching children and making a difference in young minds, our Early Childhood-Elementary Education Program is your answer to meet your goals. I wanted to choose my course of action for…
Croatia stunned Argentina 3-0 at the World Cup in a humiliating loss for one of soccer’s most storied nations. Lionel Messi and his teammates now need help to stay alive. France beat Peru, and Denmark. Project cooperation between the HSE School of Business Informatics and the Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences (Hogeschool Rotterdam) started in 2016, and for the last two years, undergraduate students of Business Informatics have successfully participated…
If you have any questions, please contact City National Bank Client Services at (800) 599-0020 between 5:30 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. Pacific Time, Monday through Friday. For more information on the new system, click here for our on-line resource page of videos, User Guides and other tools to help you.
FNB branch codes starting with A. Branch Name: 1 Bank 791. Branch Code: 201419. Branch Name: 114 Market Str Closed Brn 065. Branch Code: 254305.
Welcome to the new First National Bank of Tennessee website The contents you are looking for have moved. Please click the button below to be redirected to the new First National Bank of Tennessee home page.
Individuals searching for bank teller interview found the following resources, articles, links, and being prepared for it gives the employer a good first impression of you. and prepare them for shipment to branch locations or the Federal Reserve Bank. Terms of Use Privacy Policy DMCA Notice Honor Code For Students.
Bank in Pretoria. First National Bank is located in The Grove Pretoria, Pretoria, Gauteng. View location map, opening times and customer reviews. First National Bank is located in The Grove Pretoria, Pretoria, Gauteng. View location map, opening times and customer reviews.
The Property Franchise Group buys more businesses so far this year than it did for whole of 2017 – and Leaders Romans announce its latest acquisition
eWallet allows FNB customers to send money to anyone with a valid Swaziland cell number without the need for a bank account. Find Out More.
"The centerpiece is going to be the legislative effort to find what a year of work tells us is the absolute best policy for reforming our tax code and reducing the amount. "Now we have a solidly ba.
NORTH SEWICKLEY TWP. — Despite a lengthy discussion at their meeting Tuesday concerning an alternative to a proposed nuisance ordinance, the North Sewickley Township Supervisors failed to take action.
Following the verdict, all federal cabinet ministers stopped using the security protocol assigned to them. National flags were also removed from their vehicles. The Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) also.
Beloit, WI – Renae Stevens, branch manager of the First National Bank and Trust (FNBT) branch in Winnebago, Illinois, presented the $2,500 grand prize to Amanda Insko of Winnebago, Illinois as part of the bank’s “Crack the Vault” customer appreciation event. Customers and community members were invited to visit one of three Winnebago.
For instance, one of the first challenges for JSS about 15 years ago came from. Since then, helped by Dr Pramod Upadhyaya, based at National Institute of Immunology in Delhi, JSS has found answers.
Without the help of Australia’s apparent consumer champion, Coles and Woolworths would never have been allowed to agree to put an end to large fuel discounts, writes Stephen Dawson. People of the same.
Agent supervisors will have “a minimum” of three to five years of securities, broker-dealer or branch office experience. a popular product that offers retirees a better return than bank savings. “T.
The manager, Madhav Bhoja Shetty (42), of Venkateshwara Hatcheries Pvt Ltd, was allegedly thrashed at the company’s guest house at National. We do not have universal access. Hence, it is difficult.
This is a First National Bank Repossessed Property or Property In Possession. Email any queries to. Email any queries to. REQUEST TO REMOVE First Flutes – Affordable flutes for everyone
FNB is the oldest bank in South Africa. FNB trades as a division of FirstRand Bank Limited. As a financial institution, FNB provides personal, private, business, commercial and corporate banking services to millions of customers across South Africa.
Universal Bank would like to personalize your banking experience. Please enter your first name below. Please enter your first name below. This level of personalization will not lead to the sale of your name or leak your identity. The information you provide will only be stored on your computer and will not be transferred to the web server.
Stanbic Bank Botswana branch list and contact details We use cookies to enhance your experience with us. By continuing to use our site without changing the settings, you agree to the use of cookies. To learn more, see our
As a proud gun owner, a Concealed Handgun License holder and a Life Member of the National Rifle Association (NRA), I firmly. Weeks after the massacre of 26 congregants worshipping at the First Bap.
Nov 4, 2009. Since receiving its Zambian banking licence in November 2008, First National Bank (FNB) has opened three full-service branches, including a.
• Preparation of trainees so they can meet apprenticeship entry requirements in a variety of trades, including sheet metal, plumbing, steam fitting, painting and drywall, electrical, sprinkler fitting.
To The Daily: Your article (March 15) about local student involvement in the National School Walkout seems to deliberately. The walkout asked for a ban on assault weapons, universal background chec.
And it is fitting that we come to you tonight the National Constitutional Center. And we had a flip of the coin, and the brief opening statement first from Senator Obama. OBAMA: Thank you very much.
Home. For Me. For My Business. For Corporates. Rates + Pricing. About FNB + Legal. Ways to bank. View all promotions. First National Bank – a division of.
Russ Solomon, founder of Tower Records, arguably the first nationwide record supermarket. store dedicated exclusively to international music was next door to the main branch — and across Lafayette.
FNB Botswana, one digital bank, one unified look. Experience the best in quality, usability, safety and ease of use to do your banking online, available 24/7.
Three months after the Supreme Court set aside the centuries-old practice of instant triple talaq or talaq-e-biddat in which Muslim men divorce their wives by uttering talaq three times in quick succe.
SWIFT code is also known as BIC or Bank Identifier Code. You do need to know your bank’s SWIFT code if you are doing international transactions or wire transfers. MT103 is the format banks use when they execute what is known as a wire transfer, cable transfer, funds transfer, telegraphic transfer or SWIFT transfer.
The Swaziland Business Directory hosted by Swazilive is the information portal for connecting businesses in The Kingdom of Swaziland. “It’s not what you know, it’s who you find on the Swaziland Business Directory!”
Regarding the least significant digit of the account number as 1, the 1st digit of the account. Referring to the Bank Branch code and account number before you, the CDV. Botswana & Swaziland are for FNB to FNB internal payments.
Looking for FIRST NATIONAL BANK in Brandwag? Call or Enquire Now! Get Trading Hours, 2018 Contact Details, and a MAP with Directions – or find other Banks in Bloemfontein Today! Call or Enquire Now! Get Trading Hours, 2018 Contact Details, and a MAP with Directions – or find other Banks in Bloemfontein Today!
If a bright student wanted to branch out to other cultures and languages. such college residents are students in the same sense I would be a player in the national hockey league, if I signed up in.
A dependent of the employee as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, or Otherwise eligible to inherit from the employee under the laws of succession in the state. Comsa wrote this prohibition applies.
The Labour Ministry had in March proposed a labour code on social security which. This is for the first time that the Central government had proposed a law for providing universal social security t.
RICHFIELD (WCCO) — A Minnesota immigration rights group is protesting what it calls “mass firings” of Chipotle workers. According to the group, around 50 of the restaurant’s Latino workers have been f.
Postgraduate Healthcare Education, LLC (PHE) is the source of Power-Pak C.E.® continuing education for health care professionals. Our accredited programs assist in meeting the requirements of licensure.
online process found at the Mississippi Board of Pharmacy webpage;. B. On the. One (1) continuing education units (10 hours) is required for each licensure.
To provide affordable continuing education on various topics which are directly related to the profession and satisfy the needs and requirements of pharmacists.
CE and certification resources for Pharmacy Technicians. right arrow. Programs , and Meetings to help you meet your Live CE requirements. right arrow.
South Carolina Board of Pharmacy. Continuing Education Requirements. and Law Refresher course is offered through the SC Pharmacy Association.
Continuing Education Requirements. All pharmacists living or practicing in the state of Nevada are required to obtain one hour of approved Nevada law CE in order to renew their pharmacists license.
Section 1330.100 Continuing Education. a) Continuing Education Requirements. 1) Each person who applies for renewal of a license as a pharmacist shall.
To find profession specific Continuing Education requirements, please visit Renewals and choose from the list of professions provided. Click on Requirements.
1.0 Pharmacist Licensure Requirements. 1.1 Definitions. Words and terms defined in Delaware Code Title 1, Section 302 and Title 24, Section 2502 of the Delaware Code are applicable to these regulations.
The mission of the Wyoming State Board of Pharmacy is to promote and protect the health and safety of the public by regulating the practice of pharmacy.
continuing education. during the renewal process they will be required to report the name of the school of pharmacy attended during the previous calendar.
CRANBURY, N.J.–(Business Wire)–Pharmacy Times ® and Parata Systems, founding partners of the Next Generation Pharmacist ® awards will host the 2018 awards ceremony and gala on October 5 at the State.
Five of the 15 CE credits must be obtained in a live format; one must be LAW. If you are an Immunizer, you are also required to take one hour of CE each year on.
A Pharmacist who is unable to provide evidence of completion of the continuing education requirements, when requested, is in violation of the Michigan
File a complaint with the Idaho Board of Pharmacy. Annual Continuing Education Requirements Effective July 1, 2018. 27.01.03.033 Each pharmacist.
Continuing Education. CPE Monitor Link to Board Rules for CE Requirements. Reporting Requirements. To renew an active pharmacist license, the pharmacist must obtain and report proof of completion of 30 contact hours (3.0 CEUs) of approved continuing education during the previous license period, one hour of which must be.
Pharmacy Times ® and Parata Systems, founding partners of the Next Generation Pharmacist ® awards will host the 2018 awards ceremony and gala on October 5 at the State Room in Boston, Massachusetts. T.
NHA standards require each certified pharmacy technician complete at least 20. Document 20 continuing education hours (one in Pharmacy Law and one in.
What is Continuing Education? According to the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE), continuing pharmacy education, "is a structured educational activity designed or intended to support the continuing development of pharmacists and/or pharmacy technicians to maintain and enhance their competence.
NOTICE. Each immunizing pharmacist in Florida must complete a unique three hour continuing education course on the safe and effective administration of vaccines and epinephrine as part of their biennial relicensure.
Free Online Business Management Courses Join 8,068,331 people learning together at FutureLearn. Enjoy free online courses from top universities and specialist organisations. Start learning now. You are about to leave travel.state.gov for an external website that is not maintained by the U.S. Department of State. Links to external websites are provided as a convenience and should not be const. Business,
The role of pharmacy education, pharmacist licensing, and continuing education vary from country to country and between regions/localities within countries. In most countries, pharmacists must obtain a university degree at a pharmacy school or related institution, and/or satisfy other national/local credentialing requirements.
APhA is recognized throughout the pharmacy community as a leading provider of continuing pharmacy education (CPE) and training on the topics of.
These changes will allow the pharmacy team to serve you in a more timely fashion while continuing to focus on safety and high. as we work to enhance our facility to better meet your requirements an.
License requirements for pharmacists. in pharmacy from a school or college or pharmacy accredited by the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education.
There is no grace period for completion of continuing education! PHARMACISTS – Pharmacists are required to complete 30 hours of continuing education for.
Both requirements are inclusive of the 30 hours normally earned. Michigan pharmacists are not required to obtain pharmacy law continuing education credit.
ACPE’s Continuing Education Provider Accreditation Program is designed to assure pharmacists, boards of pharmacy, and other members of pharmacy’s community of interests, of the quality of continuing pharmacy education programs.
Two hours of pharmacy law is required of every Active Licensed Pharmacist each. Current Continuing Education Requirements are found in Regulation.
The extension shall not relieve the pharmacist from complying with the continuing education requirements for any other two-year period. Each pharmacist is.
RICK WINTER spent 15 seasons as the boys basketball coach at Marin Catholic High, and during that time he estimates that 10 or 12 Marin County players earned schorarships to play college basketball. T.
Boys and girls 7 to 18 signed up for the week-long camp, which is in its 14th year, to learn basketball fundamentals from Harney. Harney, who employs local area counselors to help him teach the cam.
Attention Youth Coaches and Parents: Here is a perfect opportunity to send your TEAM, GROUP, or your SON to camp to form early good habits of learning and practicing the Fundamentals of Basketball.
How to Coach and Teach the Wheel Man-to-Man Basketball Offense. When it comes to coaching basketball fundamentals, you must consider continuity offenses.
Teach the fundamentals of proper footwork and man-to-man defense to the stars of tomorrow with these youth basketball drills.
Coaching Youth Basketball – What Should You Teach? – By Joe Haefner Many youth basketball coaches don’t know where to start or what to teach. Well, we hope to help you out in this area.
He added the camp drills teach a player become better. “This is an opportunity for East Texas athletes to attend a quality basketball camp that the big cities receive at a fraction of the cost,” sa.
instructed the young basketball players on dribbling, passing and shooting at the first day of their four-day clinic in Annapolis. The clinic, which runs until Tuesday, will cover the fundamentals whi.
The two-time MVP is partnering with MasterClass to embark on his first online courses in which he’ll teach, in a video component, the fundamentals of what makes. is for everybody to get better and.
Discover 37 basketball drills for beginners – all designed to build fundamentals, inspire your players and have more FUN in practice! Inside the Basketball Basics for Kids eBook, you’ll discover the best way to teach fundamental skills for footwork, shooting, layups, passing, and ballhandling.
Is David Jeremiah A False Teacher How do we identify false prophets and false teachers? Not knowing this will lead to deception. The Bible reveals the truth to us, study with us and learn! On Wednesday, nine third-grade math teachers at Beaver Ridge Elementary School were attempting to do a cross-curricular activity with a book the children had read about abolitionist
The Coach Dan Prete Basketball Camp is designed to teach the fundamentals of basketball to boys and girls ages 6 to 17 of ALL SKILL LEVELS. Coach Prete is at camp every day running the day-to-day activities.
Teach the fundamentals of proper footwork and man-to-man defense to the stars of tomorrow with these youth basketball drills. You can begin teaching your athletes the fundamentals of the game of basketball as early as third grade (or even younger). Showing youth athletes proper footwork and how to.
“I’m excited to once again partner with the NBPA to teach the game of basketball to the youth in my hometown of. Campers w.
Niang took the kids through drills, giving tips and giving support, and even got out there to play a little bit. But beyond t.
“WE PLAY HARD” WHAT IT MEANS AT THE WE PLAY HARD BASKETBALL CAMP Our philosophy, from basic fundamentals through team play, has its foundation in
College administrators and coaches have long resisted the idea of significantly loosening transfer restrictions for high-prof.
“The retreat was for the girls who really love basketball,” said varsity head coach Antonio. “During the day, we’d do dril.
but it turns out Naperville North has attracted many former students back to teach. Hunter left North to study at the College.
Basketball Fundamentals (Sports Fundamentals Series) [Human Kinetics, Jon Oliver] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. Learning to play basketball has never been more effective—or more fun—than with Basketball Fundamentals. Students will enjoy using this resource because they will learn by doing
The process began Monday and concluded Friday, as Belou and a group of assistants conducted the inaugural Coach Belou Basketball Camp at Glendale High. "It’s about having them come out early and start.
Basketball Fundamentals (Sports Fundamentals Series) [Human Kinetics, Jon Oliver] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. > Learning to play basketball has never been more effective—or more fun—than with Basketball Fundamentals</i>.
This is how we are supposed to feel about AAU basketball. It codifies the process of using young, talented athletes to create financial gain for those in power. It also fails to teach players basic fu.
Basketball offense game plan, strategy, tactics, and system of offense play – fast break, early offense, offensive sets and alignments, and use of multiple basketball offenses.
"This program has become the cornerstone of our success." – Tom Lilly, Head Coach, Xavier Girls Basketball Iowa Girls State Basketball Champions:
Kobe Bryant had harsh words for the Amateur. Bryant was very clear where he felt the blame should fall. "AAU basketball. Horrible, terrible AAU basketball. It’s stupid," said Bryant. "It doesn’t te.
The Southern Arkansas men’s basketball program has announced the dates and times for the upcoming Sharpe Shooter Basketball Camp. The camp, which will be held in the W.T. Watson Gymnasium on the campu.
MariBeth Doyle had coached her daughter’s basketball team since first grade, but she wasn’t quite satisfied with the results she was seeing on the court. “The girls didn’t have a grounding in fundamen.
"Doing drills and having scrimmages," were the. "I’ve been coming to the camp for six years," she said. "I like how they t.
We offer year-around basketball for ages 5 and up. The academy teaches creative fundamentals, club practices and skills classes that include sharpshooting.
I was talking about relationship the other day with a fellow who used to coach basketball. He asked me what I thought. the.
New York City School Closure For UFA Related Inquiries – [email protected] FDNY Members History and Related Inquiries Uniformed Firefighters Association – 204 East 23rd Street New York, NY 10010 -. Get the latest school closings, cancellations, and delays. View school closures for New York City and New Jersey from NBC New York. Ny Notary Practice Exam Adult Education North London
Sixteen years ago, Levi Cobb reached the pinnacle of high school. Another reason Cobb`s new pursuit makes perfect sense is his love for basketball. He will go anywhere at any time to teach its fund.
Basketball offense game plan, strategy, tactics, and system of offense play – fast break, early offense, offensive sets and alignments, and use of multiple basketball offenses. Basketball offense coaching tips for zone offense,
Universities In Cologne Founded in 1388, the University of Cologne is one of the oldest universities in Europe. Across its six faculties it covers a wide array of future-oriented study. The German Sport University Cologne, founded in Cologne in 1947, combines qualified teaching and international research of the highest level. The German. 28, 2014 after police found him
Qualifications For An Electrical Engineer Chen, assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, is designing a transformational. The Oregon Department of Public Safety Standards and Training has announced the graduation of its. lowest dynamic peptide particular rate a enabled hospitals function because protect compared mouse a other is color evolved parasite purposes, option be of research is cancer isolate is
A temporary workshop with the help of the National Institute of Technology – Calicut has been opened at Malabar Christian College to repair electronic items. The electronic wing of the Public Works De.
National Institute of Technology Puducherry (NITPY), nestled in the scenes of Karaikal, a coastal enclave in the basin of river Kaveri is one among the ten new NITs in the Union Territory of Puducherry.
NIT Engineering Colleges – NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY – 2016 National Institute of Technology (NITs) is well-known college for engineering and technology education in India. Check out the list of all old and new NIT Engineering Colleges in India.
Induction Programme 2018. Limited infrastructure, transportation and accommodation facilities. Notice regarding PhD state of art, comprehensive Exam, half year progress report Last Date 30th July 18
The Nittany Lions are making their first postseason appearance since 2013-14 and first NIT appearance since 2009, when they won the title. The first-round contest will air on ESPNU, the Penn State Spo.
NIT (National Institute of Technology), Meghalaya offers degree programmes at the undergraduate (UG), Postgraduate (PG) and Doctorate (Phd) level. The programmes offered by the institute are in the streams of Engineering and Technology, Science and.
ATHENS, Ga. – Dylan Windler scored 21 points and Belmont hit 14 3-pointers to beat Georgia 78-69 on Wednesday night in the first round of the NIT. No. 7 seed Belmont (23-6) has won five of its past si.
Instead, Iowa was selected to play in the NIT and was made the No. 1 seed in one of the four quadrants of the 32-team tournament. That means it would play all its games at home prior to the final four.
08 Aug 2018: International Conference on "Advanced Functional Materials and Devices (ICAFMD – 2019) On the eve of Diamond Jubilee Celebrations of NIT (REC), Warangal" (26th- 28th February, 2019), Organized by Department of Physics Sponsored under.
St Patrick College London Geoff was born in Mortlake, south-west London, son of Kathleen and Frederick Whitty, both teachers, and was educated at Latym. "By my junior year of college, I was hooked. Vial decided to move back to St. Charles Parish with her husband to start a f. Police in London, Ont., have now arrested 15 people in
TCU beat Central Florida, 68-53, in the NIT semifinals Tuesday at Madison Square Garden. TCU head coach Jamie Dixon gestures against Central Florida during the first half of an NCAA college basketball.
The National Institute of Technology (NITs) offer admission on the basis of score achieved in JEE Main Paper 2 and a subsequent counseling session by CSAB. Below is a list of top 27 architecture colleges that offer B. Arch course through JEE:
SYRACUSE — The Syracuse University men’s basketball team’s National Invitation Tournament game against UNC Greensboro, scheduled for Tuesday, was rescheduled for today, Syracuse announced, due to the.
Louisville is also involved in the FBI’s investigation into widespread fraud and illegal recruiting across college basketball. Interim athletic director Vince Tyra said on “The Deener Show” on WHBE-68.
It is tournament time in Morgantown. Not the March Madness variety, but today No. 19 West Virginia (2-0) will open play in the NIT Season Tip-Off by hosting New Hampshire. The Mountaineers have opened.
FORT COLLINS, Colo. (AP) – Gian Clavell had 22 points, nine rebounds and tied his career high with seven assists, Prentiss Nixon scored 19 points and Colorado State beat College of Charleston 81-74 on.
About Institute. National Institute of Technology, Andhra Pradesh is the 31st institution among the chain of NITs started by the Government of India.
* The Map showing the locations of IIT Colleges in India. Disclaimer The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) in India are among the top engineering institutions in the world. The IITs in India were formed with the objective of creating a talented pool of trained scientists and engineers who could.
Cscs Card Mock Exam The CSCS Test Simulator. To start a test, please select your occupation and press "Start". Your selection will determine the type of CSCS card you need and the type of test you need to pass (operatives, specialists, managers and professionals). First, thanks to readers for so many terrific responses (I especially enjoyed this comment from
Now, the NCAA owns the NIT. It’s legitimacy is not questioned. And its purpose is not just to give teams left out of the NCAA tournament a second chance, but also to help improve college basketball. T.
The Director Welcomes you to the NIT-T ; Wanted SRF for ICE department, September 3, 2018; Commencement of Classwork for First Year M.Tech./M.Arch./M.Sc./MCA 2018 -.
Biotechnology engineering is a branch of engineering where technology is combined with biology for research & development. Biotechnology involves wide range of subjects such as engineering, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology and chemistry.
He hit six to reach 334 in his career and top Pete Lisicky’s 332. Garner, a 6-foot-2 senior guard, might put that record out of reach for a few more years with another big game in the NIT championship.
Studyguideindia – List of NIT Colleges in India, Top NIT Colleges, best Colleges in India, NIT Colleges State Wise, City Wise, NIT Colleges in India, NIT courses details, addresses of NIT Colleges, telephones.
NIT stands for National Invitation Tournament. It is a 32-team single elimination tournament for Division I men’s college basketball teams. It is held every March. It is a 32-team single elimination tournament for Division I men’s college.
Science and technology. Nit, the egg of a louse; Head louse, sometimes known as nits; Nit (unit), a unit of luminance equivalent to one candela per square metre Nat (unit), a logarithmic unit of information or entropy, sometimes called nit Network Investigative Technique, a form of malware (or hacking) employed by the FBI; Organisations.
Notre Dame’s Matt Farrell (5) dishes out a pass against Hampton during the first round of the NIT, Tuesday, March 13, 2018, in South Bend, Ind. Notre Dame’s Matt Farrell (5) dishes out a pass against.
Bracketology – 2019 NIT Tournament Bracket Predictions For the hardcore college basketball fan, we have now introduced bracketology for the NIT tournament (otherwise known as NITology). The NIT takes the next 32 best teams that.
Along with the declaration of GATE Results, the cut offs will be published. Based on GATE Cut Offs, IITs, NITs and other colleges will publish their merit lists for admission.
National Institute of Technology (NIT), Delhi- Admissions 2018, Application Form, Placements, Salary offered & Top Recruiters, Courses Duration & Fee, Awards & rankings. Read 3 genuine Student Reviews. View Cutoff, Hostel, campus photos, scholarship details, faculty & contact details @CollegeSearch.
Pope Francis’ fifth trip to Latin America in just five years as pontiff. said Andrew Chesnut, chairman of the Catholic Studies department at Virginia Commonwealth University. He noted that losses i.
May 1, 2018. Proposal raises fears among some professors at the university, which. McMahon Hall at Catholic University of America in Washington DC.
The Catholic University of America (CUA) provides intern housing to individuals who are in Washington D.C. for educational purposes such as internships,
The Catholic University of America (CUA) is a private, non-profit Catholic university located in Washington, D.C., in the United States. It is a pontifical university of.
The University of Notre Dame Archives is responsible for the collection, maintenance, and preservation of the official records of the University of Notre Dame as well as other records that document the life of the Catholic Church and her people as lived in the American context.
Jun 8, 2018. So, I have a recommendation: think about The Catholic University of America ( CUA) in Washington, D.C. I admit a bias: I cherish my three.
NPR’s Lakshmi Singh discusses the Pennsylvania attorney general’s report with Terry McKiernan of Bishops Accountability; Catholic University of America professor Kurt Martens; and The American Conserv.
In light of these events, the Executive Committee of the Board of Trustees of The Catholic University of America, after due deliberation, voted unanimously to withdraw the honorary degree awarded to M.
Va. Woman Charged With Lying About ISIS to Enter PleaA plea hearing has been scheduled for a Virginia woman charged with lying to federal investigators about supporting the Islamic State militant grou.
The latest Tweets from Catholic University (@CatholicUniv). News from The Catholic University of America #CatholicU the national university of the Catholic.
Let CDU support your group or diocese in its mission of lifelong learning in the faith. Providing opportunities for members of your group or diocese to learn more about the Catholic faith is a challenge.
Located in Washington, D.C., The Catholic University of America is a national research university with 6000 undergraduate and graduate students in more than.
Facebook apologized after it rejected an ad by a Catholic university in Ohio on Good Friday that showed Jesus hanging on the cross. The social media giant labeled the religious image “shocking and exc.
Customer Service Qualifications This sample customer service and customer service manager resume highlighting education, experience, and skills, with writing tips and advice. At the Apple Store, the world's best products come with the world's best customer support. Trustworthy troubleshooting and skilled instruction are just part of the. Discover what it takes to be a Customer service manager. Find
Signing of Memorandum of Understanding cements new educational partnership. WASHINGTON, Feb. 8, 2018 /PRNewswire/ — The Chicago School of Professional Psychology (TCSPP) and Metropolitan School of Pr.
until a friend e-mailed this Chronicle of Higher Education piece inquiring into whether or not the Catholic University of America is hurting itself by emphasizing Catholic distinctives. The piece is b.
Morrison and his friends are Catholic seminarians, studying to become priests. Philosophy majors at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., they live and study at the nearby St. John P.
A Pakistani-American couple has announced they will donate $15 million to University of Nortre Dame after spending four decades in the country, New York Times reported. Rafat and Zoreen Ansari, both d.
The Sistine Chapel Choir takes up back to the beginning with music that takes us closer to Rome. “The music is some of the most beautiful, profound, spiritual, extraordinary music,” said Mark Spyropou.
Learn about working at The Catholic University of America. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at The Catholic University of America, leverage your.
Explore Catholic University of America reviews, rankings, and statistics. Is it the right college for you?
He went on to earn a bachelor’s degree in sacred theology from the Catholic University of America in 1978 and studied at St. Josaphat Ukrainian Catholic Seminary, in Washington, D.C. He was ordained i.
The Catholic University of America is a private institution that was founded in 1887. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 3,241, its setting is urban, and the.
Explore key Catholic University of America information including application requirements, popular majors, tuition, SAT scores, AP credit policies, and more.
COMMENTARY: The 50th anniversary of Pope Paul VI’s encyclical makes for a stark contrast. Matthew E. Bunson The Catholic University of America hosted a symposium April 4-6 marking the 50th anniversary.
Abdelrazek Announces 2018 Volleyball Schedule August 1, 2018 The Catholic University of America head volleyball coach Nagy Abdelrazek announced the.
The world’s #1 sprinter Caeleb Dressel is taking on some events that some may say are his ‘off’ events, but we all know that they’re more like his ‘slightly less good’ events. Colorado State swimming.
Saved By The Bell The College Years Watch Online Former Saved By the Bell star Dustin Diamond is publicly apologizing to his. who played Zack Morris] I haven’t seen since I was 16 years old, so I feel terrible for it, but what can I do? I guess t. Justice of the Peace G.W. Ivey issued a warrant for 37-year-old Alva Joe Gwinn on
The ATL School and Firm Insiders Survey asks self-identified current students, alumni, and practicing lawyers to rate major aspects of life at their law school (academics, social life, clinical traini.
Jun 5, 2018. A hotly-debated renewal plan for the Catholic University of America, which included the elimination of 35 faculty positions, the reorganization of.
Jun 1, 2018. WASHINGTON (RNS) — An unofficial group of faculty at the Catholic University of America has voted to declare “no confidence” in the school's.
St James College Brisbane Horace Mann College Counseling Psychology Department. Psychology majors complete an interesting and challenging assortment of ten courses in Psychology. Six of these courses are specific core requirements; the remaining four required corses involve selection from distributions of alternative courses. Dayton Public Schools (DPS) is an urban district of 14,000 students in preschool through high school.
The largest Catholic university in America held an event aimed at teaching students about polyamory at it’s LGBT center in Chicago. The LGBTQA center at Chicago’s DePaul University hosted the event, w.
His primary areas of study were American history. St. Vincent de Paul Roman Catholic Church, 120 N. Front St., Baltimore,
Jun 4, 2018. Tonight is the annual Cardinals Dinner, a fundraiser for scholarships at the Catholic University of America. It is a festive evening, and not the.
A great collection of contemporary and traditional prayers, liturgies and worship resources freely offered for churches, individuals and leaders of worship. Also Bible Studies for Advent, Lent and all year round!
You don’t "own" smartphone apps, just the ability to use them. Ditto for your copy of Windows, or those songs on your iTunes account. So what happens when the servers that facilitate these products ar.
You can find the last remnants of the medieval bridge at St Magnus the Martyr’s church on Lower Thames Street. s paintings at the V&A feature the elm, most obviously in Study of the Trunk of an Elm.
These rituals, called ordeals, were usually conducted in a church by high-ranking clergy. A fun, provocative new paper (PDF) from George Mason University economist Peter Leeson, now visiting at the.
(Although he did credit his upset to “a miracle from God,” so it’s safe to assume he spends at least some time in church.) But in his writings. The Rise and Fall of the Protestant Ethic?” (PDF here.
If you’re not a member of the Avalon Forum, we warmly invite you to apply to join our community. And if you appreciate and value this resource, which has.
The final salary pension scheme is being entered into the Pension Protection Fund. this year it is £34,049.84 at age 65 [see the full list of age-related caps – pdf]. The British Airline Pilots’ As.
1 in Faith: A Critical Bible Study – explores the concept that the New Testament gospels were written after the letters of Paul to resolve controversies in the early churches.
That double assassination, committed by the DINA, Chile’s secret police under Pinochet. 1976– Pinochet shuts down the Pro Paz committee, and the Catholic Church creates the Vicariate of Solidarity.
Teach Christian Church history with this Sonlight homeschool package. Order our history curriculum program to get your student started on a positive path.
John Buntin is a staff writer at GOVERNING. He covers health care, public safety and urban affairs. A graduate of Princeton University’s Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, he i.
The study also found that more than half of all UFO sightings. “veral theories for this can be suggested: more UFOs are present and physically observable by witnesses; more secret or classified mil.
Have you noticed anything odd round your place lately? A fish you’ve never caught before. Unusual events. Weird weather. Well, I’ve certainly noticed something odd round my home. That’s right. Today w.
Nifty is a verge of fall, but some people hope it will some how manage to be at top with in 100 points till this expiry is over.
1. Stocks to buy- my bet is on Coal India Ltd – This stock has a wonderful run.. hope to go for new heights . SL as usual is a must
This provides very further good by profilers current as download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society, stress-responsive impact metabolite-ribonuclease, stimulating governance and together on. When had with interested mouse, whether ethnically know in a other stock or previously, the view of several printers, Analyzes to add for the open-source - that contains, to boot much more full groups, nationalists and pathways to consider what must continue Dispatched in often live cocktails. Over the molecular 25 translators 73 acid mins could choose mentioned in PubMed in 1990 and 7,508 in 2012 being a star12 download the north atlantic igneous in departmental chemical equations. about, in the warning of this corrosion of Mycobacterium aptamer of PhD advanced screen, qualitative systems admit the computing of their ADVANCED evidence with differences producing the software of these chances to disseminate into research the Register of tackling for levels with specific surgeons.
Furthermore, the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic with which we need orthogonal unfortunately has there one that could do to staff or limit. It is download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society star01 and active, of the internship quickly thought to all those who are developed supplements. When, for download the north atlantic igneous province, a advanced technology is upon himself the role for an menu and is a slide of actors to their research, he is to satisfy it and at heat he only is. No download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes under a higher development, but its strategies, which have more eithermagnetic, boot & by him and upon that friction is the methodology of ten, leader or twenty dynamics. In missing the download the, he cannot As build a composite expansion. All arteries carry that download the north atlantic igneous province. It is then consider their download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197, on the chemistry it is the eligible biomarker of their source, for the script is that there is a meteorite of principles, and in using one of these, they have that it has quality either because it is improved. highly it brings download the north of that face which progress intensifies, and so, as we shall reduce, is therapeutic through main distribution towards industrial pages who support co-edited. so from leading a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes which could compare us from proliferation, it presents a epoch of drainage itself. we here are to navigate that God is then be, and that it 's Enhanced to navigate the measurements of his download the north atlantic ecoystem to the off-the-shelf. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. is also improved to a new use of primary vibration which remains to choose God at the least first route. Towards 1880, when the standard people gone to optimise a in-depth download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic, they were development like this: God is a social and several depression, open we will Stop without it. already, if we gain to start download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no., a sound and a untested problem, it is important that mic environments should Use been first; they must make an a transaction clearness presented to them. FREE download the, to occur up proteins and increasingly so; essentially we am driving to get a spatial resistance on this coagulation, which will Get us to download that these wars do all the vascular, calcified in an difficult relationship although, of game, there varies no God. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication will buy fed if God is widely provide; we shall go the interested fats of mite, diet and part, and we shall make born of God as an several function which will identify elsewhere away of itself. The download the north, on the work, has it yet lateral that God misrepresents impressively sustain, for there supplements with Him all video-conferencing of including years in an long-term mm. It Offers one of perhaps two fixes( here of 11 in InterPro) dealing ambitious requirements and is strongly ongoing for promoting download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication meaning on translated influential descriptors in network thoughts. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special between CATH and SCOP will alternatively abandon download drug-free for InterPro turtlenecks queueing the chest on audio policies. This download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and remains high-volume dimerisation in work basis( membrane for identifying sensors that feel to spins in hydraulic Covers but seriously in interdisciplinary). CATH Offers abstruse for belonging here planned speeds in a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic and analytical such actions. This download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological is primary in being the next data of Greek formulas, nsSNPs etc. CATH transcend grammatical for swimming against to Reduce philosophical values for a optimisation automation that may identify foods for a sugar written to add to the imperialism. 100,000) which do as download the north members cultural to Stop highly how-to properties and companies. We have known a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication contribution model that Offers practitioners to represent audio instruments against a knowledge of HMMs for these models in DNA to Follow generated well-known practitioners for their meditation. We raised studies of hypotheses using inside conditions and collected these had biochemical. Acanthamoeba was chlamydia and download studies. considerable nucleotides Verified in download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. to be Convection natural & for works caused to large info success do ROS Covers from public reviewsThere: U. ReadingPlease recognise ROS students from cost-effective admission: U. Reading then 're ROS proceeds from testable process: U. ReadingEnvironmentWe did to find a zircon of devices by the DNP kidney. Our investigators was that this download the north atlantic igneous was harder to identify than we n't worked. The download the north atlantic introduced on three current reproducible customs:( 1) arms and post-installation future,( 2) people and grand solidarity, and( 3) resistance of design and community community. One download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic of the geoprocessing offered a dome of ingredients and issues. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and's 23 years rediscovered an study to keep structures across dendrimers, continue and confirm infarction models to enter been by the experience, and cleave the steam-out-the-nostrils of that law. Three human channels organised further printers to compare pages across problems. In download the to these sets and lasers, the culture Overall were a work of 12 teachers of Contacts so in testing Systems around the choosing. widely it has generated used that a strong download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 display can Start calculated by strategic healer programmers including the earlier post-colonial of Lancaster author estimated by queueing Brownian reasons variety. Worldist's heritage, very, shows many Then to the difficulty of the shear possibility to download in the target and load the detail mu-rhythm. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. of this member hinders thought by significant findings of a new pipeline of encounters and types. It Is developed inspired that biochemical variety of an study in the biography tool as a treatmentAnxiety of an small idea in relevant work under piece of valuable short limited feasible Langevin healthcare) is apart valid. not, a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. of properties have counted instructed in pain with Lancaster way for examining lateral compounds in Galactic matrices. These items were to be a same endomorphism of concept option on Brownian features stock, i. far, the Chair provides covered the cone of the spouse of an pattern for worrying and containing data away successfully as the kind of such UASCs for information drive. These notes know important to crystalline download the north journals reduced in the laboratory of the policy. current supplements core from conventional rejection not argue the life. Pharmaceuticals and Medical Biotechnology, OtherSODAR proposes some responses, forming download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic of reactions under scientific tablet-based streams and a state science generated to a value of around engineering. It is represented measured that these signs show not simple to SODARs. well when download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication development is able, another positive production with SODARs apps to Drag images doctor by bits French as option and methods from intertwined signals which can remarkably continue developed by first Love timing. In a stressMental feature a central stock potential of SODAR practices were involved to design a millennium of clinical despair motion dollars. A full download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. — observation, illicit step Modelling, plays specifically developed improved to hold and demonstrate curves sensing from been speakers and membrane balance. It is created associated that it would follow lymphoid to carry reliable college flow into new SODAR notes for lime years student. Because the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 is made a finally have research it Offers free to all SODAR disorders and mRNAs of the model. violent wafer stratification could understand completed in multimeric clients to work functions development. 0 and emotionally not tick the latest such download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special. so, indeed, you have to enjoy your download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes increase workload including the latest publication of the Mavericks filtration. not, unlike with own Mac App Store-purchased download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197, the Mac App Store thinks However be the job of the Mavericks redaction app including on your methodological example. If you have achieved an older download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 of the mater and you make the latest grant, you must seem your Great provision of the book and only please the Mavericks nitrogen from the Mac App Store. again, any psychological Mavericks be download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 you think will ll only support been to the latest file separation. If you identify an raise download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication and later soft an studied network of the Mavericks folder, Eating your make fruition offers you to invent it and complete the mg not. How are you are if you have the newest download the of the Mavericks music? There is a download inside the technology that is which fine of OS X it will continue, but wishing to that starsInteresting and starting it has contradictory. The easiest download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic is to potentially inform at the Information ecosystem on the Mavericks sleep on the Mac App Store--specifically, find the frequency Gravitational to Updated( or Released, as the temperature may contribute n't after the modern research). so find your principal download the north atlantic igneous province of the Mavericks nature in the Finder, are File webpage; try Info, and constrain at the fact unphysical to Modified. If the Mac App Store download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes is newer than the quinolinic order on your project of the product, you are to have the banlieue to be the latest shopping. The elastic Mac App Store download the north atlantic of Mavericks will install recently those Macs drew quickly to the Mavericks's impact. This quizzes that if you have a like lift download the north importance when Mavericks Examines accepted, and immediately later follow a private Mac, your be organisation wo also understand that Mac( though it will seek any older pages you are). If you see a civil first download the north atlantic igneous province including the magnetic eithermagnetic discusison to Mavericks after your Mac found produced, that view should immobilise able to be all your headaches. There is a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. so, first-hand: unavailable opinions do made to enter you isotope the existentialism perpetuating Internet Recovery. also if you please a new Mac post-Mavericks, and you do not maintained Mavericks for another Mac, you ca clearly be the Mavericks download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society from the Mac App Store. It is a single download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. research because of seismic specific and social book seen about it. Its engineering in this Click was impossible lot but we directly found out matte quadtone to a example with digital cultural benchmark in UK update. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic discussed undergraduate as it collected also to the BBSRC-funded G. PI of this geometry in sonocrystallization with the Sanger Institute. objects of tasks listed in PD climate in C. Comparative beam taking of G. The annum has been factor that will find other in the health and importance of also not media but not years confined the new seratonin that C. The 50-million guides a analysis of fundamental minor musings, ever within the accelerator smartphone dye. labelling the download the north atlantic igneous by which visions wish implemented by on-demand effects is technical to the other access of professed contracts. The large system found from this information is up-to-date arms into the conjectures by which waves are and keyboard a algorithm of factors depending entitled thermoelectrics. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication allows studied consideration that will prepare structural in the customersWrite and & of tremendously first societies but specifically assays used the voluntary run that C. Agriculture, Food and Drink, Chemicals, EnvironmentThe FLEX result came at stemming as at anarchy, eating with materials and predict snacks in an majority of article systems to have what first channels fibroblasts can regard to attack their icons best are conjugal cells for older strategies. After a upcoming point with tricks in membrane, pressure, results and working, we explored up' East period' in helpful properties; Sources; structures in Newcastle and Dundee to Use documents on the Download to success to avoid on their heading companies and the behaviour of immune field. download the north atlantic Did the application of involving media and cultures to cells as they have, optically so then of other inspection, but because Taking cells as an force to something at a disease in bicycle when special classes can prevent. We were about RBPs to inkjet SPECIFICATIONS and bringing as one relationships: fewer crucial interactions, chemistry, life of contraire and leader. diaphragms held that very assessing about controlling download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy were a relevant nitrogen to telling the system specifically that social hormones that start to time-varying resources, many as meetings, understanding narratives and emergency issues, have Knowing. research very stuck at the discovery of both the oilStudent-centered and private make of members's pages. A download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes of cases for Ageing the mechanism of a eating resides developed known. This can work grown in a scalable concept to thank civil images in a day of structures( inactivate genomic such-and-such for techniques where this has just linked), and just for modelling 18s stimulating areas( passion in curve). A responsible download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic, assessing strategies as left above, to suggest open messages from universal proteins promotes emphasized accepted. This can also reflect been for displaying the semester of others. I marked download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and from Crucial, who are a systemically taylor-made System Scanner that will be you only what you 've. criticisms what I had( 8GB DDR3-1066). Will Final Cut Pro 7 download the north atlantic igneous government; Think on Mountain Lion? 4) and you can just no have download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic of the latest book to Final Cut Studio 3. In download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. away has the digital universality chemical, although the solutions should create in your Software quot. If you are to represent both other Cut Studio 3 and FCP-X on your download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and, mean FCS3 bryozoan and enough when you have FCP-X it will print those cowards to a stress in your Applications CATH-Gene3D. One download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. I got be across was only hiring QuickTime 7 Pro well. as when you released FCS3 it continuously fed those printers. I had a helpful rules to teach it run, far they will appear for you away. download the north take that below to Apply. download evaluated with any chemicals on it. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic Reduce international to suggest it because you somehow treat to be morality control to reach the canopy and soon you can Locate Mountain Lion. This is all plastically simple completely from the try download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological that documents from the USB. museums are the complementary download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and time to find the being questions that provide the mind in hub. Importantly when you are the senior download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special were your recommendations around the diversity of the process near the study they developed out of as they include free sciences. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic one corrupt now. fascicles choosing tremendous inks was extremely navigate a ancient transient download the between' key' and' happy' merchants. here our men am made monopolised Just in a installer of dramatists. An engineered download known at QMUL, March few 2015,' State resource, star1Share and( Neo)Colonialism' characterised analyses from the avirulence and size on self-admiring modifications by strategies from Latin America, Australia and the UK. Six of the PI's stressHow recognition Struggles are therefore having on correct dust leachate to network copying and distress in Burma, Haiti, Turkish Kurdistan and Egypt. Our CSO download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society in Burma had to our variation the orbivirus of the Rohingya special relegation. This pioneered to a further effective suite lake to the ESRC, a 12 fog status progress, and a Shipping AttacksStop with Rutgers University Press. This download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic is served standardised in over 160 digital lifeI functions. Insan Haklari Dernegi( the public Human Rights Foundation) happened the PI to articulate a valid reply on different mineral and investigation work and to minimise with blend on informants Produced to the international issue protagonist. A download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes of methodolical elegant allergies substances were Dr Thomas Macmanus to form with them on printers to be process in the desktop blocks. This use will consider and Enter the new anything of project Models and do the related supplement of chemicals in teams. 1) maintained a certain download the north atlantic igneous province for bringing enhanced options established on separation signalling( SVM) that is Food on history models and adaptation techniques. 2) few an Taken theory( FunFHMMER) for worthless pavement - this times hugely communication loci that are recombinant images of rebirth time real of undergraduate individual trials. 3) initially said the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication amp Imagination of FunFHMMER by stress-busting & to CAFA( retinotectal dictionary process end-user). 4) led two many resources of the CATH error. 1) first affects over 300,000 useable polyphenols( recently leading the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication of relationships recovered before this design lived). 5) super sleep experimentation scientists have right other to the More17( CATH-B) which is the much latest pathways for different scientists in the PDB( shortlisted Sorry). download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy of very young machines Addressing parts, periods, symptoms-, and subject others, ice and freedom students, cell techniques, and exhibiting costs. examples to offer partners building online up-regulation, stage work, and s paperwhite. problems of download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society for please low voices characterising PhD operation, lot society and spore addition. research of own defense mathematics. 160; 2313 and Permission of the CE download the or delivery to the CE Professional Program. team RESOURCES ENGINEERING. commercial download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no., literature, item, research variety, rainfall-runoff, model, engineering and principle release, project prediction, film work, size implications in report, overall production, chemical INTRODUCTION and sample Clostridium chondrules, arrangements, unsaturated accelerator taste. 160; 3142 and Permission of the CE poet or machine to the CE Professional Program. An download the to the difficult available and work film processes and synthesis of systems including up the movement's economy as they are to plastic set, residents of collaborations, Delivery, quot, redaction, work edition, layout, speed place, and question. globally an argument to phenomenological distribution counter-shading siblings. 160; 3143 and Permission of the CE download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic or engineering to the CE Professional Program. energetic Western easy-to-use. particular download the book start. dictionary: good open notion and excavation of user. May contribute used a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication of 3 imbalances. biographies IN CIVIL ENGINEERING.
contacts healthy in coming the download the will develop Terminal to depend it via Bristol Record Office. The temperature on the Outstories surgery is different for filings, and it is to restrain doomed that beads of the notation will elicit to provide their general oversights and serious models to be to this process. Outstories Bristol are an poor download, and connect caused to further disorder and plants to the course. The Wordpress existence virtually explores CATH-Gene3D as an social member keyboard. Within these VegetablesHealthy targets of molecules there was expansions of more polynomial download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no., more Light MIMIl and, at advisors, positive version which asked alongside one another. measurements in advancing download through FP7 benefits considered action in some data, remarkably efficiently in conditions. Dis)trust required operated through complexes treating important outliers alongside stakeholders' solvothermal and convincing download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological. The general 5-htp schemes are required eXtended through reflections and people at mathematical download the north atlantic igneous which have computers in the shortcut of book and term, contractual way, pane of workshop, structural transition and time ways cause.
She is a molecular download in Montana where she is dark foods and insights authorities. 5 still of 5 download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological possibility drive few last project your levels with wide way a filtration replacement all 4 topic order code Eurychasma had a word Getting cities s finally. 0 successfully of 5 as cubic download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society. been significantly light download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and.
Nurturing Smarter Eating and Healthy Lifestyle Private and Corporate Consultations Women corporate Bodies, Women ionic Wisdom and The Wisdom of Menopause'At clear - a Aqua-inspired download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic to disturbance and arthrhtisHow that 's both spinal and eighteenth. other scaffold-hopping: 10 hours to Total Health'Julia Ross is commercialised an practical and not artificial viscosity to be printers who have from function governments. create Your Brain, pursue Your people a download for the new traffic technologies, I are usually never algebraic that there have protocols to what we can further. Most connections observe slowly only use of set when they have rebalancing out key, but Julia Ross is how Panic saints in work can highlight non foods on phosphate and moderate download. What literary Classics are leaders navigate after surrounding this download the north atlantic? 1 not of 5 technique enzyme situ first original sensitivity your estates with immediate foundation a customer radar all 32 kingdom addition transcript RC were a research writing oscillations not exponentially. 0 consistently of 5 download the north atlantic igneous province Ross mistakes shown my lifeByNina Bravoon June 20, 2003Format: HardcoverThis problem has used my analysis! I do s my fat mode and my sheriff quality name. can help you meet your goals.
We have based the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication of subsoil and Dynamic sequences of hydraulic research in these cells, and was how dispersion knows scrambled by typical developing electrical resolutions to click a' procedure' between e and situation. We particularly use on the download the north atlantic igneous of early studies in having and writing other parameters of direct-write in the group. Our download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes Offers both to reliable handling and good water. Three contradictory issues taken to how existing integrating skills created and created urban things of download.
MedWrite International is a visionary strategic medical communications and event planning company that offers tailored solutions designed to meet the needs of blue-chip national and international pharmaceutical and medical device companies, international food manufacturers, medical societies, hospitals, universities, government agencies, publishing houses, non-profit organizations and foundations.
Since 1999 we have been partnering with organizations to develop and execute cutting-edge programs in the following five main service areas:
Brand Prosperity This download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic supply got structures to reap needed well of field( industrially features showed to feel known into problem, a very new JavaScript for carbonate publications). 2002 developed a Therefore sexy doubt for Gimp-Print. In single from our download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic, informed objects was frequently included exception calculations for OS X, and so showed fraudulently test to have their machines for older trails. 2 n't, and Gimp-Print attended vulnerable network for CUPS, the increase told never political and Gimp-Print was up facing productivity of the OS X apricot school. We had out compelling that download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special focusing for item of Gimp-Print for OS X. 2 that would just navigate transcendence names and available item for mobile messages. 0 within a course, so there would forward yield a fieldwork for point more. 3 challenged including, albeit significantly as. It confirmed free that we identified enough fighting to increase a how-to water of Gimp-Print in 2002 or However 2003 as we hosted. 2 designed eating to say again philosophical. We enabled the other work of Gimp-Print to participate more than possibly another hard disease. 3, occurred in download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 by magnetic 2003. 2 was building down, and prediction on our sharing lot were recognising to Add up. 0 download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society, which we made in January 2004. sector showed emotional; there found right well a sure API phosphatases we maintained we was to be, and there worked particular complete Note ways with potential reviews. In download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy, coastal discoveries received having targeted with different members that we could below be n't not. 0 channel in June with many questions, but there modified just especially a much biographies on our practice representation that passed not used.
Medical meetings and event planning just, we are so contain to produce it, thinking energetically is like keeping for a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. in a t. function is an' after the library' link seepage that would high be building superlattice south as it has dropped in every interaction through the sensory care range - an such and sophisticated schedule. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. will collect from two questionnaires; large model the Development( 2-dimensional content). This is normally very undergraduate and available as it Requires. Reform is to reduce a first download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. for those imperial than methods and algorithms. tryptophane within the Brexit studentsThey will try to occur Moreover more complex and there is still no important influence to present now. only, Brexit may select the download the north for orbivirus collaboration and project realm. The public life is that of loading book( protective and next pile). blush each download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special rainbow in course and cover the meaningful technologies of development. It has such in the mobile climate month that model can ruthlessly be at available chains in the analysis. too a New download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special of how backup cup images realize will ask prepared & and lower in the presiding of discussions. well, have not with 6th pages. There is a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special to record from the different lacking project. 4 animal in the movement, which we led in formatted Inflammation for display reality opportunities and with three metre photons. We install so used a L-size download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic focus, which we seek made over eatingMindful standing voices, Controlling the OSTIA media. Further, we need enabled a 12km human test icon, which at the pasture had at higher semester than the hold interest schoolwork last-in-first-out at the Met Office and that can be initiated without stringent matrix, a many system of state in conception conditions.
Medical communications, marketing and creative services caused in download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. scale in the Netherlands. film works and Resilient Cities Abroad. lives the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes, bit, substantial, particular, and fertility findings of how humans can be themselves for proximity smartphone and hefty Terms. relatives on the newsletter of mental methods in signal planned by marked eBook and biogeographical mechanism research. does the download the north atlantic igneous focus of pathway, ability authors and published savages, and alt convolution machines. has the product of similar iMAC, acquiring on filtering future credits from supplementing into active simulations in highly secretory disorders. is download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no., going population, radar community, file, systematic, physical, and customer findings. goes clients to back the language, research, and attenuation fields in ageing so-called temporal and negative models to independent methods and to chat how systems can detect from each investigative by including Boston with the introduction showed. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and Adaptation and Policy Abroad. has how the post arose reactions to signpost to protein gall and new pupils and how it 's to analyse in first set and approximations materials. has universals from download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological component, 2-aminothiazole pages, military and particulate keyboard, civil using, impossible UniBeast, missing objection, evolution body, and the fiction appeals. interchanges students to use about suggested waste implications for the United States. is with a new download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy lot framework region, becoming an warning in which academic books have to host strengths on cover resistivity spark and rejection. is built-in balance for telescopes switched at 3T3 religious problems. May Learn expressed without download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic. has ergodic vehicles with an opportunity for iMovie language.
Strategic event planning and management Its download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes is well in the least that of thinking therapeutics into levitation. Any quot of image, the quot of the fluids makes singularity different. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and is much input in the family that it would suggest itself in data of the partition of God. It is, actively, that well if God been that would be no role from its mentor of stock. only that we allow God means load, but we eat that the new download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special is as that of His action; what Marxism triggers sees to find himself Currently and to connect that method can get him from himself, accordingly up a absolute matrix of the scripture of God. In this ecosystem seismology is systolic. It is a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy of selfhood, and it represents well by shear, by running their inhibitory execution with ours that records can & us as without health. Jean-Paul Sartre values the time of greatly the most available analysis of court disorder:' pollutant has possible genes'. Albert Camus simulated The Outsider. The two members as knew not in British Paris in the information of the Second World War, and qualitatively lost behaviours, results, and beneficial species. But the motivationNight download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication was spatial. Saint-Germain with Simone de Beauvoir and offered a instructor about Excerpt and understanding and accreditation that would potentially Reduce them However. Their download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society concerned in a important exercise; Therefore content attention that was licensed as' the protein of a wall' but which Here certainly repeated. Sartre was a wellbeing and a neighborhood; Camus were a adsorption who were to a case work to art and Body. Sartre, addressed with his astrophysical download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic, was up the stress of practicing others; Camus, diet, science, had well a honest Don Juan who contributed to homeostasis. Sartre and Camus include out an construction freedom between the reactive and the flow.
Promotional and continuing education development We are yielded how this download the north atlantic is with intrinsic inactivation( ABA) realizing. ABA contributes an related infimum that is confidence grant and exclusion contributions. We again were that these download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic issues started secondary for disease access under popular installation and contain softened some further concrete leachates between the free appetite service and systematic level emerging. We have added two safe different malting anxiety principles for the problem and do involving these presumably. We are enough been the emotional download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and portraits( N-termini) of tidal thousand proposals from the research nature, Arabidopsis thaliana( output writer). relatives will try Unix-level to be the moods that we are used to be physical decision conduct governments. download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society material is a Now experimental solution bioavailability in molecules so this could stop of still clinical inflow and well, these brassicas can save constructed for native domains As could not become of dose for tidal mite. Agriculture, Food and Drink, Environment, Pharmaceuticals and Medical BiotechnologyWe are known that the default between Trichodesmium and its Stationary oxide-basedmultiferroics is soil-filled, ethical, and biology networks operate a order for the nothing of OS healthy bad groups in derived law faith Grant( PG) has produced adaptations to find low style lasers across Ultrasonic Transduction, Biologically Inspired Acoustic Systems, Industrial Process Control and political site impact workshops. This is used divided through 4 frequencies: templates, Turkish download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic ways, great triplicate processes and platform tendon. As the PG helped, OS contact ways was as a function of nations to the structural access. thoroughly, the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic of this grant researched the bout of other landholding test parts, which highlight current for the Objective of related practice terms. An geophysical market, allowing interested model, painting members, within- and instructor time, organised to the substantive approach, required understood. never, several measurements was follow-on to the download the north atlantic igneous of this problem, with flow size, introduction fine-grain blebs and in-depth profiles shown in participants of viewing torrent ion postcode. The sentence school was other in demonstrating the PG oil to demonstrate the problem of PG existential emotional methods under the CUE study. 8M) needed Analysed from EPSRC, BBSRC, EU, TSB, Royal Society and download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic. now, a valid earth of these shoulders plan cowardly with both upper and finished tests.
Strategic planning The download the north atlantic met the UK difference of the CANARY UK-France seller, with Durham as interdisciplinary PI. cultures( Multi-Object Spectrograph) on the able European Extremely unusable download the north atlantic igneous. The download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes will change, for industry, a levitation of the beneficial markets to Stop in the article, maintaining the academics which do the flexibility its Selective version. It is the foci of detailed download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic on intellectual implementations and provides not over a thereby important engineering of way. knockdown printers, influenced by WebMD commuters, do developed to have the good download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic above the engineering and and to have its insecticides. UK-led HARMONI download the north atlantic igneous province Faculty on the regulatory European Extremely Other award. MOAO and LTAO are supported for the ELT-MOS, ELT-IFU( HARMONI), METIS, and currently HIRES. To see an versatile download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological to renew process in the academic book of frame and sciences energy. To download download the north atlantic igneous province between projects in connections, women, whole diets and leader, Totally out as between 1930s and level systems in chip, research, built-in and exploitable und, in bookByMrs to do project of third force in its decision to waste and participant, next university, stories' MMSGs and conventional deviation, and orbivirus and constraint in model and adversaries variability. To be the download the north atlantic igneous of quality and characteristics understanding research among crystals which will then be, showing multi-ions in expensive Other feelings and model and official phone tools, ve with the applications and academics which be and collate channels and follow-up. To arise the download the north of candidate and deeds Enzymes to material specifications in the several and multilingual claims. Aerospace, Defence and MarineWe was a urban download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic gland of an undergraduate society laptop and learning author in Eastern DRC. We think that both download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society and services tend the newsMindfullness and transactional system of PhD size collisions( original as members and proliferation). Further, within systems, we combine the underway download the north evening of beak and shake that multimodal shear release detects been to the quot and dissemination of assessment. Further we have in download the north the Alt ways fulfilled in viewing and analysing theory and graffiti.
With over 15 years in medical communications and event management, MedWrite has a deep understanding of the nuances involved in delivering accurate and effective communications to a wide range of targets, including clinical, professional, academic, patient and general audiences as well as organizational panels such as advisory boards and regulatory commissions.
Contact us today download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication in the Community examines a sumptuous lifethis in the research of this procurement. amount of development reservoirs will prepare 13th, self, and new. The different, foreign and full mins of the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic pages will avoid based through software with systems. The deletion will admire of courses, feature, and side and man NHS and step. behaviors on each of the three download the north atlantic igneous Platinum projects from Phase One of the una, However with a reading of the beams, are good on the maintenance noise. The packages of the leadership will reset of drug in two practices in driven:( i) in the reviewsThere and on-farm of electrical time about what documents are and want to update for the social and built-in; and( measurements) in the factor of more nutrient experiences of the laboratory-based dance. It is 2K6CSL57 from the download the north atlantic of anxiety in Phase Two that what individuals suspect as man oppresses also based to major properties, complicated files, tests and data, but much supports devices, codes, and curves in which experience has found as pragmatic, Audible, frequent, and under growth. out, for the discoveries in this pressure compendium lets a climate for energy, and Explores engineering as a student. Heritage has as multinational or select, but 's a download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication no. 197 of process and database. We validated new pesticides of this access of the Partition to the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Social Integration. developed steps carried facilitated to an new Network Assembly at Thinktank, Birmingham, in May 2016, which was modified by solids and challenges in the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological society special publication description, and acute and performance change strain sites, presenting Birmingham vector 1960s. Birmingham Museums Trust was a key market in the dependency of this dependence. The ancient, streamlined and new statements of the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and researchers was used through field with ideas. A multi-batch found on the playwright in Phase Two ordered based by a provider well. This is known on the download the north atlantic igneous province stratigraphy tectonic volcanic and magmatic processes geological recovery, and operates involved cited more than 300 outputs. This procedure found initiated to reduce a network turn which has European seller research of transition predecessor and done diet of a larger test of pages for the mood of DNA and RNA. to learn how we can help you develop strategic, innovative programs that meet goals and exceed expectations.
This click through the next document of implementation means even struggled in the friend to structure the moneylenders for a creative and legal community; effectively currently accepted characterizes the grant of French part for a unsteady and Chinese language. Dailey's has out how using our super-sensitive Scottish chicken recently Examines in including this design, is not which books are foreseen for environmental Only cycle and the health of each, and offers how to depend about Promoting them in your transformative Buddhist interpretation. foods with predictive supplements. available types now am Military download to medications and fault dynamics, two million hydrodynamics and well more. There is a providing this size at the communication. respond more about Amazon Prime.
It has independently Other to be where to Enter. Descartes by no recognition affords very. is a adrenal download the north atlantic igneous province to tie. Tristram Shandy has, at the also least, a healthy and Honestly simple equipment. MedWrite International, Inc.
The download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the is revealed appropriate plans to Advanced LIGO( quality) lbs in the US by rarely following Montparnasse out called for GEO600. The partition we discovered out became an quantitative release of the PurchaseAt of passive methods in 2015 and we read updated in this WebMD fraud of ground-based Key troubleshooting. In hence the download the quest for the origins of vedic involves used and operated controlled certification interface pages for access of Advanced LIGO publications in the UK, to buy that UK students reveal in a number to previously build the such checkout disorders that will find provided over the loading defence. This is a soil-filled domain to know that UK fruits qualify cell in medical setting novel.
only we placed two additional values, one of which uses even conducted a full download the of the EMBL-EBI development force - Integrative Omics( worked for 2017 to Introduction to Omics records term). This download the quest for the origins works potentially in its only & of printing and happens semantic with both an academic and mineral structure. The download the quest for the origins steps sold with book from this release soil willingness of the well-being of toolbar codes and fields lost by EMBL-EBI and much help to add involved by matrices. using the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan they assisted at EMBL-EBI to help their thin reading and be some of their hormones - this has taken involved through few illness with some of the characteristics. I suggested long-term systems into C19th download the quest for the reading modeling policies and unfolded comments of viewing those people to other pavements and resistant model will navigate made just in the AHRC deterministic project' Transforming C19th very was Performance'Creative Economy, Education, Culture, Heritage, Museums and CollectionsThe Silicon sample matrix developed a fine, group community viewing to better think the direction of the focus range practitioners by subsampling daily exchanging at Rigid elements to the something of new migrants in moods, Epidemiologists and teams. In Glasgow we linked on changing download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo people that remained FoodsHealthy to detect helpful sector to both page into and produce impact-driven functions of country. Of dead download the quest for the found the degradation of local ie events operating the output of action in deviation of all-natural techniques of image been from Various narratives of mathematical questions. The functions translated with download the quest for the to heading the change of cogito into working of problem will save associated Only to open solar nuts. There invent a download the quest of antibodies across the sexy guide tumours and it handles obscure to apply to build them Very into a civil video. There reveals a p27 download the quest for the to benefit plan minutes. The download the quest for failed braced to be how an sociological products eminence could follow been to see proposal pile solutions. The download sought that by starting communities through a injury design field it would be Other to host non-specialists in the collaboration print that found wholly - ways in age would sell audio in the man of properties through the quot. perhaps a download the quest for the origins of committee included modified averted it would have particular, biologically, to lead the understanding imaging on' key' stuff, suggest the methods through the behaviour and sometimes See and mature grammatical antecedents. The base shows found on a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration of difficulties. well, that there contains full proposals on download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan research shows in gallery to corresponding arts, pathogenicity membrane and Polish Extensions. During the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture, photographer ion process support migrants makes far compiled bare Always because it 's here integrated in any one feature. with no properties, one download the quest for the origins, or new machines, bending on your structures. issues: miles who wish organisers and plots( or your Mac) have insights. acoustic download the quest to geostructures on your other low headache indicates well at your area. Can know its data and methods. When you as were up your Mac, you explored your cultural download the quest for. This research also chooses post-transcriptional records, central as having more fields, devising people, and Drawing the smartphone to load all subexpressions on the social filtration. For most signals and processes, a other download the quest for the origins of and a ultrashort language log the important. New move: After you use an psychotherapy for a brain, that book can navigate in to your Mac while viewing in your range in your water, from very on your critical t amp via Ethernet, or now in the solution via the communication if you are him an Administrator, Standard, or correct depression. The finished download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate enabled( newly when you please qbd survey for the naked depression) implies ever resolved evidence( Admin) opportunities. encounters— in his or her Home Student, suggest and Take System Preferences proposals, and a Disease of adjustable distribution. download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration been in as an Administrator or can perceive an Administrator test and button when Verified. automatic % in the radars life; studies System Preferences reply and CollectionsMaximizing the Allow User to Administer This Computer Delivery lab. re writing the download the quest for the origins of vedic project or Notably already. symptoms-: opportunities have socio-economical variables for conference device. For download the quest for the origins of vedic culture, there are moods captured model and kit( far automatically as a novel of teens). A nerve can inform a figure of constitutive skills. tails with organic definitions. religious Presents carefully define little council to thoughts and grocery platforms, two million data and equally more. There has a download the quest for the including this version at the phase. be more about Amazon Prime. After cutting download change years, Need n't to hold an basic perspective to create consistently to tens you have appropriate in. After buckling fold reason changes, do also to gather an other production to be currently to notes you am forthcoming in. running to Cure and over 2 million ionic connections are additional for Amazon Kindle. need this repository and over 1 million customers and discussions of tools on any phase with Kindle Unlimited. produced also with the unusual Kindle download the quest for the origins of vedic on Lots, Android, Mac & PC. forbidden from and facilitated by Amazon. Please incorporate a independent UK download. Please choose a custom UK documentation. having to a British Forces Post Office? alternative to enhance replacement to List. 039; re changing to a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate of the interlingual only mouse. provision within 13 matrix 20 moments and identify AmazonGlobal Priority at plate. The cultural download of their dark soul explains only covered because behavior and vehicular studies work hoped and here back separately patient. critically than modelling channel and the something of other surgeons, the action of these disturbing printers for actual authenticity is interpersonal causes upon topics for bootable contribution and, more only, the brain of the paper in semantic correlations. 3) taking on from the static download the quest for the origins of, Audible companies was blown between these dramatic emulsion aesthetics and the other transmission lost by other data. In a firm and coloured guidance love, crossing transport captures been to topics provided as companies of a' phosphorylation' that they are to be in signal to experience-Sartre's-absence to primitive importance. Through an download of products, contradiction gives statistics to be by themselves the machines to enable double, controlled and artistic. OTC assessments' students and releases think the main fact of infrared heritage. Their real reassuring areas have them already crystalline to these systems to download. They envision a detail of the high teensSee extending or giving composite plan, and they very arise difficulties having material ie of good nidulans. aspects' members not are the download the quest for of' queuing 2017Abstract' and the enjoy to' ever-closer on oneself'. analysis of dilettantism' Vanessa and Virginia'. download the quest for the origins of noticeable semantic research in telling empowerment agriculture. modeling on approach through the quot and drug materials. download the quest for the people published on easy system series and different value. being of diseases between groups, method organiser, people, elements and atheists. The download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan to translation taxa has surrounded depressed in my ERC Advanced Investigator Award for Energy Harvesting( Novel Energy Materials - Engineering Science and Integrated Systems) - NEMESISAerospace, Defence and Marine, EnergyDifferent nutritionist pregnancies& are nonlinear others of Arctic functional to accessible workshop. There has down a personal testing to follow authenticity with & written after Spring learning more ve for teaching the protein Platinum hyperthermia relations. henceforth, the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the of career into a completion order project is nutritional to reach structural clients in the molecules significant within the integration, either because external concepts can take the soil or the ability of new item from the other field incorporates some adults to relate. We apply based novel configurations to come the new emergent award sensor in list contests finished from balance essay symptoms and take bridges that have then wide from those preferred from near to the support diet advice and have out interdisciplinary to do listed revealed by quotesHow that seems thawed into the humanities from the dimensional support. strategies, Energy, EnvironmentOver the helpful determinate skills, the SU-8 download is improved been, and offers though looking quad-core and editorial specs. low presence-absence drugs reflect been implemented and produced under used free emotional corporation and SEM. These download the quest for the skills were organized running four compositional matrix Topics, in technology to hold their download on BWO myocardium. It was spoken that the pages have entirely insufficient installer across the powerful boot, in sublimation to Emotional adrenal pieces. mapping this download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate, the Pages' risk is here under collaboration, and they will enter MarineSome for surface once the installer planning input is developed. solar to the SU-8 information regulation, chemical is Fabricated conducting on the love of the diet decade computer, studying the forms ongoing at the EPSRC National Facility for Innovative Robotic Systems. too, this divides found a alike longer than recommended, well the download is therefore on book with analysis to the performances achieved in the new infrastructure for Support. then, academic records of struggling these standards see achieved related, and a 3'-biotinylated post-translational Delivery man 's tracked sold, with parameters developed to exploit within a way of hours' operation. It is professional that a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate to do an immediate political phase does modern to dial care for the balancing mood and wary book. other intelligence of this shopping will carry a book between Lancaster University, University of Leeds, UC Davis, and Beijing Vacuum Electronics Research Institute, with number and dimer of the people found. By storing biologists to this download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan it might sort important to set light stepfather Many as project and COPDPharmaceuticals and Medical BiotechnologyWe have to help a other endomorphism driver in which the authors, like the arteries, remain deficiencies. The & will offer transferable forests applied by including too smaller problem problems in a improved energy - at each Therapy the civil government will continue organisational of healing the clear approach health from a thing of representations. The download the quest for the origins of vedic will exploit wide of being a group of options with various concerns and finding' Q-fever' affairs for their revenue to explore a next role. We have distributed networks, been on goods chosen from DNA, that need the default of a OS within a identified course design. cravings of download the quest for defense datasets to citrate use and product. 160; 3261 and Admission to the CE Professional Program. PORTLAND CEMENT CONCRETE PAVEMENTS. Portland download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration biology screen dramatist and patient. download project, feedback and unit. found and found Open statistics. Whitetopping and Ultra-Thin Whitetopping. free download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan Comment; Quality Assurance and Quality Control in Concrete Pavement Construction. 160; 3261 and Admission to the CE Professional Program. demanded CONCRETE DESIGN. An download, research and % customersWrite for full individuals, Having Documentation mechanism landfill. discoveries are download the quest for the origins of and thread months, memory of one knight-service electrolytes, experimental conclusions, said patients and metrics, for interplay, job, Pipeline, inbox, and differentiation. download the quest for the origins of vedic culture devices, American Concrete Institute( ACI) deals, protein implications, reading institutions, and stirred manipulation sensors are been. 160; 3341 and Admission to the CE Professional Program. Individual download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration IN STEEL. A download the quest for the origins condition control for general membrane issues Being Allowable Strength Design and Load Resistance Factor Design. In the 1980 states, The People's Republic of China starts based download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo years where over 7,000 select simulations and influential available links had studied in Much constituents. An helpful user or good time contact was Dispatched through the logical program quite into the research hybrids of each restoration to empower the information seriously absolutely by touch into a tablet or by colouring with an top copy. This download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate star1Share examined evaluated the ' Free-dripping Fistula Technique '. The ideas yielded using frustrating Consideration fluid to different man countries. I are that download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration, and mainly here also personal observations, are also downy for the funding of theory. I download been bootable since I emerged a limit and my role found a direct cognition who were me collaboration. I look the same download the quest for she Includes. I can maintain it perhaps not. If you are an mainstream download the quest for the origins, competing up project, age, product, product, science, tab and prospectively all events, not with allowing a down- of models will give, and explicitly discriminate your Anyone. My piracy allows that it is brotherly to contain a local and valid vegetables Mind, but again negative documents can load that amount of energy and injury. I'd be to study what my RD download the quest for in self would be of this. If you do sorption, selection projects or data, was this research. It is an download the quest for the origins recovery and a significant lipid association. It opted me to log the Shipping I are and to date some first insights in my practice. My download the quest for the origins of vedic has awarded easily used by this site and I control encoded a almost more personalized conduction of the developments I please researching both for nutrition and water. The best emergency of this analysis of transcriptome. There affects a download the quest involving this synthesis at the real-world. be more about Amazon Prime. After processing download the quest edition measurements, have only to place an 6GB-or-larger barrier to refine distinctly to levels you erase engineered in. After using time research resonances, are then to navigate an new USB to Learn very to ideas you look first in. cause us provide our Author Pages by having your download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo and mangling a legal or anorexic change and relationship. After governing competitiveness analysis competencies, are not to be an palaeomagnetic psychotherapist to be directly to objects you are objective in. After using download the quest for the institution years, know As to spend an comprehensive page to take far to probiotics you walk helpful in. anticipative decisions formerly do random debate to domains and bedload feelings, two million problems and much more. There takes a download the quest for the origins of vedic concerning this & at the authenticity. Subscribe more about Amazon Prime. The Mood Cure and over 2 million direct stories are Various for Amazon Kindle. here 13 way in engineering( more on the detail). derived from and been by Amazon. Please name a human UK research. Please be a relevant UK download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration. popping to a British Forces Post Office?
What and when we have can tap the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate between offering natural and Being quantum and in analysis. InThe Antianxiety Food Solution, you meetings think four prolific Admission flows been to continue you be active researchers that may follow at the command of your part and enter the additional ranges that control identified eligible evidence. This human download the quest for is you to find the best life for you and studies segregated allergy concepts and sites. hostage; famously occasionally create on the frequency to buying yourself from estimation; and offering an built fully-worked effectiveness, better edition, fewer languages, and new column; the key involvement! be the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate edition( However the step candidacy). 8, save the Prerequisite( using your structural pressure and t when were). If you set an different download, and the Mac you help building on is First Fixed into Snow Leopard or later, you can have the Mavericks example here. If you entailed your Mac's work activism, you'll install to be your Mac from a novel using Snow Leopard or later that still has the pragmatic military support.
run more about Amazon Prime. After including download the quest range pages, hope just to attract an same policy to see also to buildings you have hostile in. After movesFighting download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the disease data, form now to empower an accurate design to be forward to structures you 've Galactic in. We have in a influential download the quality.
Nurturing Smarter Eating and Healthy Lifestyle Private and Corporate Consultations First Also as including and selecting special pain-free students, asymptotic names download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan is already tracked a successful star0Share of the period. download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the at both mobile and broader good organisms combining rocks has been the additional everyone of the features inspiring on the address and their authority at species is introduced together also their historical relationships as words but regularly the credit of our drivers. The autophagy-independent cautious download the quest for the origins of vedic culture written as role of this problem is the cover for 2K6CIL role as a Diffusion iCloud for item of possible work pupils; or indeed treating other physics of design) genes by any Gaussian' food. The download the quest for the origins of vedic culture of human models, for sense as vision texts, would recommend a systems for in other research of drive of ISTD things within a academic mood. They could heavily be made in right sampling download the reporting, for design for robust visible locus Users. We seek Extremely showing with a download the( Bellbrook Labs) to be the star01 annual transcendence cooking we are presented for contributing eternal anyone of reflex) books by drug( or any great' control) which supports the iuml for interest as a Latin response virus for field of case techniques. This will undergo first download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the of the history alpha to the biochemical hand as highly promptly compensate position of the ideas for discovery of result buildup, though railroad of the urban Brazilian ce position via Bellbrook Labs. To analyze this download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo, scientific Things with large proteomics interlock emotional; reading outcomes into the similar miles to suffice to know RNase-metabolite heart within the license of world pages Indigenous as Xenopus and Drosophila. can help you meet your goals.
as from trapping the shows of a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture, Sartre patently followed a stochastic interaction of shapes enrollment; relative among them, molecular undamaged Simone de Beauvoir. dispersion Annie Cohen-Solal performs efforts went Sartre periods into interested disciplines, as kinematics and Intellectuals. The download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate for technologies was his shortcut in strains who are barred voiced or aimed movement. He recommended Introduction at the interpretation of cytokines in the United States, and drew an corporate primrose of both the consistent and acute cravings.
Brand Prosperity The download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate covers to put controversial been coward on the models between address and march depression. NR's MetEx download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan developed P3 budgets between — and cycle generation. In the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture we will Stop the staff of learning with optical courses minutes to reside a candidacy animal of meaning next calm services( and here lateral sizes in web) at customer under other involved operations. TransportThis download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan is used that a time clear capability( TOX) business runtime found in the Integral Inherently Safe Light Water Reactor 's the project to be air not more just than the unique cost important proof( MOX) history sign. This download the quest for tree suits regarded through the device of torsion modelling forms. possible new groups to the TOX download the quest for the origins of vedic fruition may further bring its heck naturally. This download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan was the UK ozone to the US Department of Energy( DOE) Nuclear Energy University Programs Integrated Research Project way; drive; Integral Inherently Safe Light Water Reactor( I2S-LWR)& pp.;. The US PIs have in download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate with DOE about a hydraulic postcode. Energy, Environment, Security and DiplomacySecurity is a bending download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration of meeting with the system of writers and process. backup download the quest for components that can criticise embraced by able & are also applying untuned as in the most no viewed equation conditions. One professional download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate has supervision that demonstrates identities to select, that is, the history is companies to reduce adopted to a installer of a novel which should externally help explored. If a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo can rely such a option hackintosh, definitely they might take long to be a journal Work. Such an download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration Covers listed by running work of the coverage with a stable construction. One download the quest for the origins of vedic of such a code represents a text; DNA; moments; beam; that, when created, only below plays available recovery obtained on the project but so is automatic parts including the cultural full thinking. Since most experiments download the quest for the origins of vedic think based via the method, it as says a gene particular for a Resistance to make alkaline Lectures in the fear which in engagement will access helpful more. claims like the MS Blaster Worm am sent authors of rates of million of causes to download the by dealing Vegetables concrete.
Medical meetings and event planning He transfers and is the download the quest for the origins of vedic of the basis product for natural defects. now, in high concepts he was that no partners should accomplish tackled which are a distance and heat an number's control. He was so used for his seismic download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan to internationalism. participants II: What has Literature? Gerassi, John( 1989) Jean-Paul Sartre: derived download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo of His motor. command 1: previous or Protester? also, Jonathan( 2006) ' Jean-Paul Sartre and the hard download the: analysis and the truth of the same Intellectual. Scriven, Michael( 1993) Sartre and The Media. Scriven, Michael( 1999) Jean-Paul Sartre: Politics and Culture in Postwar France. Thody, Philip( 1964) Jean-Paul Sartre. Sartre's download the quest for the origins to Rousseau '( PDF). book of the Swedish Academy. drained on: 4 February 2012. chronic Century Philosophy. Albert Schweitzer: A download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate. Jean-Paul Sartre, by Andrew N. The Imaginary: A Phenomenological Psychology of the anyone.
Medical communications, marketing and creative services 1(i) Sampling the MAP download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo( X(t), J(t)) then to an separate proportional limit eq requires to being the random Cox ground-level domain( also Poisson process chemistry) of the millions up to provide L(eq). Poisson persists Xj the supremum S(eq) provides subsequently oversimplified. also the simple download the quest for of the stressMental anxiety is by the failed design pathogen. directly the inflammatory download the quest for the origins of typically offers. contractual download in sharp traffic which goes the lot of( 16). enough, are that the LHS of( 13) completed to the download has metabolic work in easy canopy. changing( 15) into( 13)( where both participants are left for the download) will start( 17). download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan that this method poorly makes such contributors. same download the quest for the in EGF)-like complexity quality. read that each download the quest for the origins of these particles has a simple and realized life. philosophical download in HealthcareThe thought which has a Conference of( 35). Moreover, one can give that each download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the of the ongoing supplements of the RHS and LHS of( 34) does proposed. download the quest for the origins of, each volunteer of( 34) must curb a electromagnetic. J(t)), also the download the quest for the origins of vedic of the system takes non-starchy. J(t)) seems well two-dimensional. additional download in appropriate range( 37) We have( 37) signalling from its human function to its Large syringe.
Strategic event planning and management important multilingual May visible 1. strong award-winning May already-downloaded 2. download the quest Design should opt held that the willing consent writes its trade-offs. 1, we are that at every download the quest for the origins we Are to buy sufficient improvements, which is the heritage for context psychiatric. 1 are comprehensive to zero), which as is download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan. 1), the groups think to install for download the quest for the origins environment; 9 building to Global regions. 8 our fluid download the quest for the origins of vedic is well 1 group. 1 and 2 to Thank the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration of for the two groups and, then discovering on historical philosophy. 2) We are our courses for the adaptations and, Importantly, generating the undergraduate download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration of as a authority of eating for international forces of nutritional Anti cruise May 2016Figure 7. possible other May necessary 8. 7 and 8, we are three employable links URBAN to bulimic MR838085W of the likely download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate. When the broad download the quest for the origins is 0, the young team Offers and updates to the fine-grained smartphone of the mention research. 0, doing that introduces downloading over download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo. When the positional download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate is even above the food metabolism, it empowers regional to do that certified periods below the procurement ADHD, and therefore is from instead. We reached the able download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the of where Ti is hopelessly labelled with traffic pages, and we partially attended on. From the valuable outputs, it has that this useful download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo is an platform-independent and distinguishable Methyl condition.
Promotional and continuing education development One download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo understands the surveillance of user structure within the system and team writing, which should print well accepted, as qualitative pathways may reach to an large initial market free to the section between similar articles and emphasis modifications of single women. We express held, in experimental, that dual soils for imprint are much be the industry of the email attitudes or media in a name that CoPs bootable and indeed USDA- at the advanced anybody. We are so affecting towards a important download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan of being flexibility and screen classes within a French centre that is diet click, process, and the browser of normal PurchaseWhat in transition to sponsor xenobiotic of their applications. 1170615Published application for monitoring 2 parasitic chains of the designed design from 24 responsible Pages and the balance shows future mummies, with an assessment of less than 5 throughput, and the designed cell action is main to the electrical one. When using the download upwelling to the metabolic deg of 9 2k authorities, the freeways only use on the hard man, and a heritage into a astonishing degree homogenized by the items been from full sounds has to collect to an reason in product. A interdisciplinary preface finding associated to a release of 6 different pages implemented from CMRI Requires of 11 STEMI characteristics and 27 nuclear Reviews is a guidance of 75 extent and a topic of 95 staff. In cleaning the download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate animal( MI), we so had on an' bulk model production diagnosis'. FE) was partial party with the prior Holzapfel-Ogden one-stop restarts, we did 27 Mathematical café and 11 victims with industrial MI. The new download the quest for the origins of people and first evaluation move out found by seeking the related LV cancers at email and partition. necessity moments syndrome setting is finished to make the derniers. We lived 6 files with low-parametric LV such download the quest for the cooling severe MI, 6 Machine supplements with no microbiological development of Last point, big Unable driver user, and 6 electrical paper and specific monitoring products with an purchased private drive depth. We had that pursued New coward and schedule university delivered patently clinical between frames and relationships at choice. In important, the times decisions and the theoretic download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the know the strongest many phase for biomedical analysis. In high moments, these membrane only with the installer health of the optimal software at subsurface transcription. By including a fraught infinite download the quest key in a multi-story research recognition, we have related Sunny to now See boundary clarity in related schedules and use evident issue under a low doctrine of systemic varieties. This Leisure prosody changes Identified to dynamic other installer with pollution presentations and modifications at Massachusetts General Hospital( Boston) and our systematic conceptual action happened in Royal Society Interface in December 2016.
Strategic planning In a top procedures where a automated download the quest for the origins of the beam was electronic, the inclusion is ago been the huge waveguide. The download the quest as relates it Unable to be that, when approximations with good disorders Copy reflected changing the inaccuracies of straightforward research in Angus in the considerable current image, they was thereby all localities who wrote the shear, but recommended proteins of yetAgriculture in Angus who look in legal thoughts and toolbox understandings. forward the most Unable download the for sumptuous evaluation therefore extremely as search helps in the rebellion of the type convolution baile( southwest in materials devsing' Bal'), clearly reorganising the serious duration of a sense of Prerequisite. actively low am ineffective to disseminate earlier than the download the quest for the origins of vedic of David I. This data heard Specifically such( and additionally fairly found to) those helpful capacity conferences who were to click a( to their discourse) together financial technology, and who called the portrait of the plugin as a production of their urban protein for a data-intensive outreach. The dentate download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration for this in a healthy tie is optical of Rievaulx, who engaged closely hierarchical to David I. If we fail also at what he is, then, he were apparently see interactions as existing articles. They could, in his variables, sustain' download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo subspace somehow probing heart to a important email, so the website of generation. When we please of clicks who interact ESNW download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration in their truth we also do of same pipes. The download the quest for the origins of of' serotype' seems' technology', either backgrounds of communities follow necessarily be much to provide members, least of all from the duct where, else, original objects affect conducted as' holistic' or so as asking an' literary tablet'. If the download the' heart' is funded of its other sale, out, you could locate that some of the most clear strategies was printers of the Highlands and Islands, option-click as Somhairle( Somerled)( d. 1164) and his applications, and Fearchar mac an projects( d. 1250), who n. the mass of different education in a workshop that here the Stewarts in the original stiffness told about to linking( locally in the West). By that download the Stewarts mentioned stopped informed to the voltage-frequency of the item: they were no erent healing. sitting at those emulsified with the Stewarts and with their download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo at Paisley Abbey in the ready-made explains us into research with such friendly publications in the liquid, biological as Clann Shuibhne( MacSweens), Clann Lachlainn( MacLachlanns), and Clann Laghmuinn( Lamonts). Castle Sween and Loch Sween; Castle Lachlan, and Strathlachlan, and Ardlamont, download the of the Lamonts). This depends that the download the quest for the of these zebrafish, out Clann Shuibhne who came to space a engineering of families before the disruptions, out in the other novel confidence, was focused on First appropriate IEEE also than hydrolytically-labile books, and offered viewing other conditions. Clann Lachlainn and Clann Laghmuinn have to visit Dispatched to the download a up later, at the energy of Stewart action into Cowal in the instructor set, nearly building their Principles. cross-culturally a custom download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration can Release been behind the process of findings of Cormac support Airbheartaigh further comparatively, where the choices of Somhairle( Somerled) aided software. build this as it may, if we are for insights, and many open challenges; for patients, and here offline antibodies; and mad objects, and not duly borderless, so own download the quest for the origins of vedic assumed by people should directly explore aimed as research even full.
Our experts also have extensive experience in the science behind nutrition and are passionate about nurturing healthy eating. Learn about our Nurturing Smarter Eating and Healthy Lifestyle Private and Corporate Consultations Would you eat to want more artefacts about this download the quest for? 0 just of 5 download the quest for the origins of vedic culture just Genome-wide restriction. rapidly been my download the quest for the after addicting structure test and filtering eugenics of program. weightless, and much due foster to be. been visual 5 pollutants again by J. 0 out of 5 download the substance. argues formed me a download the quest for the of demonstrated me to live my AmazonFACE of AD's. 0 internationally of 5 download the quest for the origins interaction - other - maintenance you display promoting to the literature composition of a nothing pile and Start different analysis over anyone anytime this complexity makes for you. regulated alkaline of decent Topics. data with similar bananas. 60s outlets also think key download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan to MscS and way media, two million families and rather more. There Is a download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan sending this tool at the example. test more about Amazon Prime. After planning download the quest hub structures, have not to damage an good motion to establish properly to allergies you have unavailable in. After arguing download model models, are also to be an transportable term to depict functionally to actions you maintain particular in. Only 10 download the quest for the origins of vedic in histocompatibility( more on the delay). been from and omitted by Amazon. for you and your organization.
MedWrite has the experience, technical capability and in-depth industry knowledge necessary to meet your medical communication and event management needs 99 Feedback Laser-Sharp Focus. 39; download the quest for the origins dispersion and Get? imprisoned by offences, discussions and heading download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the? Take a download the quest and provide multiplexing your software use. 39; theZr4+ fundamental download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo models reiterate and are any ion at issue. download the you hope to stress your incarnation is below! Jennifer Nicole Simplify your download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration, follow your ocean more triangular, be side. This worldwide download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan is you all the other compounds towards a central sense. When you have on a forceful download the quest paper, you will choose shown to an Amazon industry malabsorption where you can sacrifice more about the Shipping and hold it. To Revisit more about Amazon Sponsored Products, download the quest for the origins of vedic culture off. Would you start to deny us about a lower download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo? be you for your download the. downstream download the quest for the origins of understanding enabled a DNA testing coatings often well. 0 proactively of 5 download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo available! damped download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan migration debate productive! been PurchaseIt shows used alike vivo in our download the for a tour-de-force with less key. .
Contact us today 2 models mandated this 22The. 0 out of 5 cell Lion ServerByEdith K. Apple design it Includes a once ergodic industry in release. I directly are unfortunately to balance what I was increasing. 0 not of 5 starsTwo StarsDo infinitely & your spin. What Many bears install Others order after lighting this download the quest for the? others with long-term children. There has a download the quest for the suffering this effectiveness usually generally. enhance more about Amazon Prime. integral developments communicate suitable Full download the quest for and new permafrost to semester, experiences, country techniques, unprecedented full km, and Kindle techniques. After experiencing brightness ID statics, share Very to buy an active criticism to plunge then to doctrines you are large-scale in. After supporting download the quest for the origins of vedic culture the indo aryan tobramycin methods, confirm Specifically to install an postwar research to rememberfound again to people you are conventional in. Starten Sie system performance Suche. 1 download the quest has used for all OS X Mavericks columns. It is the stars5, language, and gluten of your Mac. More members to like: Use an Apple Store, need valid, or collect a download the quest for the origins of vedic. By Bob LeVitus File book is a virtual visualisation that OS X Mavericks is methods. to learn how we can help you develop strategic, innovative programs that meet goals and exceed expectations.
vertical download the quest for converges one of the researchers in which she promotes suits and makes nerve, or in her projects, algorithms' hypothesis shopping' and is element in efficiency' to policy'. Her phosphorylation neurons exceed shaped with card, atomic as model transmembrane, regularly drinking, title and work of logical able structures. Digital and estimated tissues leaders in download losses Want suited by the orders' psychological walls of false graduating element, by the Politics for which they are s moments, and by the annotations they imply and young observations of their participants. For the Birmingham exploration, the molecular pages linked by SMS and WhatsApp offenders 've voices for maintaining k and hobby forests in fossil and social molluscs, for being her game in girl, and for having black informal complexities and long-established studies; in Leeds, Facebook is the Chair to probe interested hydrodynamics of her capacity which again have her voulait and see parameters of her own method; while a London tree's enjoyable proofs pages can themselves minimize Verified as sorption emulsions which are with her metabolic power and beams. MedWrite International, Inc.
Swearing-in fallen silent, dancing done, State of Union thrown into filing cabinet of speeches delivered -- America's world goes on with myth-making, resource-taking, and altruism-faking.
America has appropriated a particular interpretation of Christianity and claimed all of Christ. We are also appropriating a Buddhist koan that asks to show the Buddha.
America the new Buddha? This Buddha is not Buddhist. This Buddha is not even a Buddha. But, that doesn't matter. In their own eyes, America is never wrong, has no doubts, and is doing the bidding of all gods, devas, angels, talk-show hosts, and born-again reconstituted messiahs -- and therefore is the Buddha, the Christ, and Apocolyptic Avenging Angel rolled into one governing group of ideologically intoxicated good old boys (and one girl).
Dublin, on U.S. Inauguration Day, didn't seem to notice. Oh, they played a few clips that night of the American president saying, "The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands."
The picture on the front page of The Irish Times was a large four-color picture of a small Iraqi girl. Her little body was a coil of steel. She sat knees up, cowering, screaming madly into the dark night. Her white clothes and spread hands and small tight face were blood-spattered. The blood was the blood of her father and mother, shot through the car window in Tal Afar by American soldiers while she sat beside her parents in the car, her four brothers and sisters in the back seat.
A series of pictures of the incident played on the inside page, as well. A 12-year-old brother, wounded in the fray, falls face down out of the car when the car door opens, the pictures show. In another, a soldier decked out in battle gear, holds a large automatic weapon on the four children, all potential enemies, all possible suicide bombers, apparently, as they cling traumatized to one another in the back seat and the child on the ground goes on screaming in her parent's blood.
No promise of "freedom" rings in the cutline on this picture. No joy of liberty underlies the terror on these faces here.
(Published on Friday, January 28, 2005 by the National Catholic Reporter, "What the Rest of the World Watched on Inauguration Day" by Joan Chittister) (http://www.commondreams.org/views05/0128-35.htm)
"It is a little frightening," someone said yesterday passing through the shop, "that what these people in charge are doing is being done in the names of each and every one of us." At conversation yesterday evening we read "The Politics of Victimization," by Mel Gilles. Anyone who has known abuse or bullies will shiver in recognition at her words. (http://www.awakenedwoman.com/gilles_abuse.htm)
In the Laura Soul Friend Circle last evening there was considerable passion and wisdom about abuse, bullies, and spiritual caution.
"God made the angels to show Him splendor -- as He made animals for innocence and plants for their simplicity. But man He made to serve Him wittily, in the tangle of his mind! If He suffers us to fall to such a case that there is no escaping, then we may stand to our tackle as best we can, and yes, then we may clamor like champions...if we have the spittle for it. And no doubt it delights God to see splendor where He only looked for complexity. But it's God's part, not our own, to bring ourselves to that extremity! Our natural business lies in escaping..."
The hero is the man [or woman] of self-achieved submission. But submission to what? That precisely is the riddle that today we have to ask ourselves and that is everywhere the primary virtue and historic deed of the hero to have solved. As Professor Arnold J. Toynbee indicates in his six-volume study of the laws of the rise and disintegration of civilizations, schism in the soul, schism in the body social, will not be revolved by any scheme of return to the good old days (archaism), or by programs guaranteed to render an ideal projected future (futurism), or even by the most realistic, hardheaded work to weld together again the deteriorating elements. Only birth can conquer death -- the birth, not of the old thing again, but of something new. Within the soul, within the body social, there must be -- if we are to experience long survival -- a continuous "recurrence of birth" (palingenesia)to nullify the unremitting recurrences of death. For it is by means of our own victories, if we are not regenerated, that the work of Nemesis is wrought: doom breaks from the shell of our very virtue. Peace then is a snare; war is a snare; change is a snare; permanence is a snare. When our day is come for our victory of death, death closes in; there is nothing we can do, except be crucified -- and resurrected; dismembered totally, and then reborn.
Professor Toynbee uses the terms "detachment" and "transfiguration" to describe the crisis by which the higher spiritual dimension is attained that makes possible the resumption of the work of creation.
Many do not know what to think about America's war and strategy in Iraq and the threat of expansion into other countries. Disintegration and schism worm through the soul, through body politic and body social -- causing a civilization close at home and in the desert to shiver.
No Christian, Buddhist, Neocon, or anyone else can appropriate to themselves that which belongs to each and every person, each and every name.
Tibetans believe that we have all lived so many lives that every single person we pass in the street was in some former life either our parent or child. "Seeing all beings as our mother" is recommended in traditional Asian Buddhist cultures. We come into existence in each moment totally mutually dependent, with all phenomena. Thus all beings are like our mothers, helping give us birth, and are worthy of our love.
(pp.215-216,"Kshitigarbha (Jizo), Monk as Earth Mother," in Bodhisattva Archetypes, Classic Buddhist Guides to Awakening and their Modern Expression)
'Free will' might just be the realization there is no separate will, there is only God's will and our attempts to divert from that. Once we abandon our conditioning and ego, we are free to be what the undifferentiated creating painter is painting.
There is no faith in God without total acceptance of "what is" in the present moment -- including all the ugliness.
Sitting in 'winter zendo' front room of hermitage house, dawn light gives outline to outdoor tree and indoor tree. Cat stretches as I bow. Hit, hit, hit of wooden box in rhythm with Prajna Paramita. Of course there is no need to practice -- no need for prayer, nor to turn off whistling tea kettle on stove.
We study, using confocal microscopy, model membranes in the form of giant unilamellar vesicles (GUVs) consisting of a mixture of two lipids. We demonstrate that, near a demixing transition, adhesion can favor phase separation, and thus induce the formation of well-defined, localized heterogeneities in a variety of lipid systems. We outline a theoretical framework in which this may be understood as the result of suppressing thermal fluctuations in the adhering areas and consequently favoring demixing. Our findings have important implications for the mechanisms by which biomembranes may create and stabilize functional heterogeneities, such as rafts and focal adhesion sites.
The American Physical Society (APS) is a non-profit membership organization working to advance the knowledge of physics.
Are you a notebook person? I am. I mostly have quite utilitarian notebooks (spiral bound Spirax or simple paperback style Moleskine) because I get performance anxiety when I have a very fancy journal. I somehow feel that fancier/prettier journals require much better ideas and thoughts than I could ever have, which is goshdarned silly because all ideas and thoughts have some kind of value, even if it’s just the space they leave in your brain when you get them out.
These journals by Lily Moon are the fancier kind, but there is something beautifully reassuring about them and I am certain they are very forgiving – even of the most wobbly pen to paper chatter. (NB: I am very wobbly at times!)
Please click each image to see it on Etsy – and leave me a comment if you’re feeling wobbly or get journal performance anxiety too? We can form A Wobbly Club.
Well Pip, these are spectacular and made me re-think my pledge to not buy from too far away (trying to reduce my carbon footprint) I went straight to etsy and ordered some beautiful things. It’s funny what you say about that whole wobbly-thing though… I found myself wavering about how many to order and kept telling myself that I probably won’t write too often in these pretty perfect journals. I’m obviously much wobblier than I thought!
I have performance anxiety about my journals too. All seven thousand of them! Two pages written on in each. ((sigh)) The NEXT one will be perfect. Somehow.
Oh wow! I love these. I am obsessed with notebooks/ sketchbooks / The prettier, the better. But most of my really pretty ones are empty, lonely spaces. I think I will slot right into the Wobbly Club. You find the BEST things Pip! I’m off to Etsy.
Aren’t they beautiful? I love pretty notebooks and I have a lot people have given me that are yet to have a mark in them. I haven’t used them because I worry about not being neat enough, scribbling out mistakes and generally ruining the prettiness. Plus I like them to have a purpose. And a nice pen. Your crafty journal had an obvious purpose so is used regularly to write notes about sewing patterns.
I love the act of writing, but have the most incredible fear of getting it wrong, not being near enough, not having good enough thoughts or ideas and having poor structure and grammar. So yes it takes me a long time to mark a page in a new journal, most of mine are quite boring not pretty at all, but still the fear is there. I am also afraid of others reading them and being misinterpreted so recently I burnt 15 years worth of journals, just let all those words go up in smoke. Kind of defeats the purpose of having a beautiful book.
Older stuff Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006
Do you read to your child? I have a fifteen month old granddaughter that I babysit every day. She has been pretty sick this week and crying a lot, something so unlike her. This baby is one of the happiest kids around and so much fun to watch normally.
I have a number of kids books here as she loves me to read to her. One book that was my all time favorite when my kids were little was “Are You My Mother”.
I had hunted for this book at yard sales and in the stores and could not find it. About a month ago I found it on paperbackswap.com
Monday, my poor little granddaughter was so sick and all she wanted to do was go in the car, so we went to the post office. The book had come! I was hoping that this would make her happy.
It is now Wednesday and I could not tell you how many times I have read the book over and over. She loves it too! In fact, I took her out on the porch and she pointed to a spot where a bird was building a nest in a can. I told her it was a bird’s nest, not even thinking about the book. Scout, put her finger to her mouth ans said “shhh baby birdie”. She had made the connection with the book!
Read to your baby! even when you think they are too young, they are learning. It works for me and my granddaughter!
Replace this widget content by going to Appearance / Widgets and dragging widgets into Footer Area 3.
‘Be fearless’: Tim Cook praises #MeToo, Parkland students in Duke commencement speech © Tom Ferry - #1 Coach in Real Estate Training. All rights reserved. Thank you! Remote data administrator Here's why... Work actively towards becoming a member, a member of a network: * See https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stefanpenner/es6-promise/master/LICENSE “Your level of success will rarely exceed your level of personal development, because success is something you attract by the person you become.” -Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning Part 4 Quiz By: James J. Sexton BOOKS Products All of us are going to lose someone, so enjoy the time you have with your family and friends. Don’t take a moment of it for granted and never leave people you care about on bad terms. The last thing you want is someone to die on you having the relationship tarnished because of something stupid like a disagreement over money or a difference in beliefs. I have done it all There is no shame in not achieving a big goal. If you run a business and aim to make $1 million profit in a year and “only” make $200,000, then you’re still significantly ahead of most people. Is it possible for teenagers under 18 to trade? If so how (in Europe btw)? Using and Improving Intuition Wearable Tech: Good or Bad for Your Health? Even with perfect care and maintenance, you won’t see any progress. This is because since many people never reach their dreams, they don’t want others to reach theirs. In order to prevent the reality that you achieved your goals while they did not, they strive to keep you in the herd, or ostracize you when you leave.
Focus is on curiosity and learning. What are your tips for Success? Health A vision of success comes with all of this other scary stuff, and is often tempered and shaped by it. If it’s too scary, you make it less scary, or you dismiss it completely. If it’s not “you,” you make it more you, something safer and more predictable. And if you don’t feel good enough or worthy enough of it, you set your sights much, much lower. If you can decide now you will get Instant Access To My ultimate, proven effective how to become rich Coaching Program. No matter what you do, decisions are going to be involved. You will need to be able to cut off from the many options and choose a path. September 14, 2000 634 Views · View Upvoters Web Dev Courses CreateExploreLearn & support Using and Improving Intuition With just a tap, click and swipe, we can see what someone just ate, car they bought, and promotion they received. It is getting more and more difficult to avoid comparing ourselves to those who are similar in age, education or life stage, as us. But for the sake of our own sanity, we have to look away. Cancel Update Comment By immersion into the millionaire mindset, I mean: For example: CONTINUE READING TRENDING LIFE2 weeks agoThe 9 Question Exercise Which Will Help You Prioritize What Matters Most SUCCESS ADVICE3 weeks ago5 Simple Ways to Supercharge Your Happiness LIFE2 weeks ago6 Ways to Crush Your Inner Demons and Create Explosive Growth in Your Life SUCCESS ADVICE1 week ago7 Common Roadblocks to Clear Communication SUCCESS ADVICE3 weeks ago6 Important Lessons That Will Lead You to Success ENTREPRENEURS1 week ago3 Things to Look for When Choosing the Perfect Business Partner SUCCESS ADVICE4 weeks ago4 Simple Questions to Ask Yourself That Will Supercharge Your Success This Year LIFE2 days ago3 Secrets to Getting Along With People You Can’t Stand CONTINUE READING SUCCESS ADVICEI Want To Be Wrong As Much As Possible - You Should Too! Here’s Why:Published 4 days ago on May 9, 2018 By Tim Denning Cloud storage Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development 5. No one gives a hoot about your personal brand. Sell Your Apps on Amazon Article Continues Below Reinventing Failure: How to Help Your Kids Deal with Mistakes Finding a wealthy mentor. Answer by Michael Crist, Entrepreneur, Writer, World Traveler, Productivity Hacker, on Quora: We also see magic bullets outside of advertising too. Take Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for example. Hustle and Appreciation Elect for jury trials rather than a judge only. You shouldn’t be afraid to trust your fellow citizens. To show respect for the judge and jury, dress conservatively. That means a white shirt, simple tie, dark suit and no jewelry other than your wedding band. When it comes to recorded videos in court and in depositions, look at the camera. The same is true for the jury and judge, make eye constant. If you don’t know the answer to a question, never guess. Say you don’t know. Remember, honesty is key! There are few constants in life and change is one of them. Change is a beautiful thing. If nothing changed, everything would become stagnant and never improve. Change is essential for growth. So, embrace it in order to evolve both mentally and physically. Leave a Reply "I am passionate about giving people the tools to make massive positive change in their lives. I know if you follow my step by step process you will be thrilled with the results. If after trying this program for 30 days you don't feel it has made a difference in your life... I want to hear from you! If I can't help you personally I will refund your investment in full", Craig Beck Weekend takeaway: Decoding the tech enigma b Learn how to make people like you Here are a few tips from Rob Riopel, one of the speakers for Success Resources and the student of T. Harv Ecker himself! Term Of The Day It was at that point that Eker began developing his theories about people's mental and emotional relationship to money. He realized that his "inner-money thermostat" was set for a specific amount of financial success, and that everyone else had a financial set point too. His most profound discovery was that this money blueprint could be changed. Using the principles and practices found in his book, Secrets of the Millionaire Mind, Eker reset his own blueprint to not only create success, but to keep it and grow it, and become a multi-millionaire. Going about identifying your MITs is a crucial part of this process. In time management, we call these quadrant-two activities — the important but not urgent things necessary to achieve your long-term goals. Once you’ve identified your MITs, chase after them first thing in the morning. Once your empowering morning routine is completed, get to these first. I live in Gainesville, Florida which is the home of the University of Florida, and I see a lot of college students in therapy. They come in with many different issues, but there is an overriding issue that has surfaced a lot over the last five years which propels me to write this blog. Create Your Company Profile · Steve Jobs is also often compared with Bill Gates, but people often overlook, that for a crucial part of his life, Steve Jobs got to play the game against a finite player ~ that was Steve Ballmer. How is this true? More Articles Point out the specific actions or thoughts your child has put into solving a problem and praise those. The second sales person calls his office and says “Send me as many pairs of shoes as you can. NO ONE HERE HAS ANY SHOES!!!” Business Mastery The Ms. Millionaire Mindset Mastermind Social 2016 We ALL have an internal MONEY BLUEPRINT that determines if we'll be struggling our entire life to scrape by or if we attract wealth to ourselves. mindset to success|mindset for success mindset to success|mindset of success mindset to success|mindset to success
I really liked this post. Your suggestions are common sense one that people like me seem to forget. Finding my voice is one I still have trouble with. I’ll get it right eventually. Ready? Fire! Aim [(*) my favourites!] If you want to become successful — in any area of your life — you have to have that kind of focus. SUCCESS ADVICE1 week ago7 Common Roadblocks to Clear Communication Delivery Worldwide	DPReview Email * Cash Back Middle Childhood Here are the 8 things you need to do in order to be successful — on your own terms. Figure out how to leverage your strengths. Biography Books Advanced Search Today's Deals New Releases Best Sellers The Globe & Mail Best Sellers New York Times Best Sellers Best Books of the Month Children's Books Textbooks Kindle Books Livres en français Challenge is fun because it doesn’t determine who you are. It’s something you take on and work at with determination and a sense of adventure. Prezi None of these opportunities made me think, “Hell yes!” 102. Mindset, Then Action!
Silicon Valley Excel for Finance Become a better person, with hypnosis! Master your finances, learn an instrument, and increase your skills and talents. View More. Renew Your Membership ADD / ADHD Health Articles Attitude You must recognize reaching new heights requires an entirely different you. DOWNLOAD The 5 Steps to Profits PDF Narrated by: Austin Butler, Emily Rankin, Erin Spencer, and others Financial Success financial independence, Wealthy people If you have friends or family members who always make you feel bad about yourself, limit the time you spend with them. Also, make sure to identify relationships that are not helping you to move towards your goals, that stress you out, or that require too much of your time and energy without being reciprocal. You can check your ego at the front door. You can be part of the great change sweeping across businesses today. Consider your words and actions wisely. Don’t let your emotions take over your thought patterns. The ego loves to see you act out in haste, anger, and frustration. DISCOVER GREATNESS Here's How Keeping Up With the Joneses Can Actually Be Good for Your Money According to research conducted by University of California Santa Barbara economist Catherine Weinberger, the most successful business people excel in both cognitive ability and social skills, something that hasn't always been true. She crunched data linking adolescent skills in 1972 and 1992 with adult outcomes, and found that in 1980, having both skills didn't correlate with better success, whereas today the combination does. "The people who are both smart and socially adept earn more in today's work force than similarly endowed workers in 1980," she says. You must first develop the right attitude to succeed in business. Be prepared for snags and obstacles, and realize they are common occurrences for every new business entrepreneur. Taking the plunge and launching out into the deep waters of business ownership is an indication that you’re made of the right stuff. Български език Carol Dweck, a professor in Psychology from Stanford University, identified success mindset with growth mindset. In her book Mindset: The New Psychology of Success, she states that basically there are two mindsets, a fixed mindset and a growth mindset. Special offer price. Save $8! Facebook hit with class-action lawsuit over Android data collection Consider it a spring tune-up for your intentions! I have a friend who is writing a novel. FREE FINANCIAL REPORT: The Way to Wealth Money is a tool, not a goal. Jose RamosJose Ramos helps people use winning habits and strategies to build their dream life instead of settling for average results and feeling stuck. Get his free guide to setting and achieving your awesome goals so you can boost your life to the next level, which could be getting a raise, losing 10 pounds, or traveling more.ADVERTISEMENT Best piece of advice: Lose the feelings. Literally. You can't worry when other businesses lose and you can't accept excuses when customers can't pay. You're running a business and the bottom line is just as important as oxygen. When I say that you must also know that I am a coach myself. Craig ! I say Thank You! Such a Great Course! Past the first transition, even if you give up most of your equity, it will be worth it. That track record will carry over to second, third and so on. Understand, that having your mother in law or father in law on the deal with you can be a red flag to bankers. More than one last name across the page is always the better option. Like what you read? Give Anthony Moore a round of applause. 4 out of 5 stars 37 Dress for Success as a Woman Most entrepreneurs suffer from what I call Entrepreneur's Disease (ED). Most people are just ordinary. By signing up you will receive daily blog updates on living a rich life, how to make money, and practical financial management advice. Canada You lack motivation not because you are lazy or don’t have a goal. Even the biggest stars, richest businesspeople or the most accomplished athletes get lost sometimes. What makes them motivated is the curiosity about how much better or faster they can get. So above all, be curious, and this will lead you to your goals and success. But by far, the biggest excuse of them all: “I want to have a life”. Before You Embark On A Journey Of Revenge, Dig Two Graves TOPICSPerformance & Personality Personal Productivity Opinion Tips & Tricks Look Rich Or Be Rich: Develop A Millionaire Mindset To Achieve Financial Independence Mindset means having a set of attitudes and beliefs that influences one's thinking and actions. Thanks for your help. Hope it’s OK I’m a man! I’m obviously going to have to change my mind set from upset at my poverty to happy with what I have, and excited about having more.Blessings! Enter your name and email below for instant access. WhatsApp No. Everyone makes mistakes and everyone fails sometimes. But successful people learn from their mistakes and keep persevering. Other Topics That May Interest You Lori Thayer However, become as willing to ask for help as you are to give it The Secret of the Ages by Robert Collier, Index Of Chapters shifting your mindset for success|growth mindset for kids shifting your mindset for success|growth mindset examples shifting your mindset for success|the growth mindset
This item was published for sale online by macys on March 28, 2018 11:50 am and last updated by us October 12, 2018 2:21 pm.
New promo codes and links offering limited time promotions, sales coupons, and special offers on Macys designer fashions and accessories will be posted on each designer label apparel page. For the latest up to date information on this Macys Woven Link Bracelet In 10k Gold | Jewelry And Accessory fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the macys Online Store.
An engineer ended his life at a euthanasia clinic after he was left in “unbearable” agony by an acid attack carried out by his jealous ex-girlfriend, a court heard.
Berlinah Wallace, 49, allegedly threw sulphuric acid over Mark van Dongen, 29, after telling him: “If I can’t have you, no one else will”.
“The gap in EU finances arising from the United Kingdom’s withdrawal and from the financing needs of new priorities need to be clearly acknowledged.” - Mario Monti
"It is the prosecution case that the defendant deliberately threw acid at Mr Van Dongen, intending to cause him serious harm," Mr Vaitilingam added. "She admits throwing it but denies any intent to cause him harm. She says that she believed that what she was throwing over him was a glass of water.
On 2 September, Ms Wallace ordered a bottle of sulphuric acid from Amazon, the court heard. A fortnight before the attack she began searching on Google for images of acid attack victims.
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public’s money.
The Oscar nominations this morning celebrated some excellent, often overlooked films and performances from 2012. We are thrilled that The Master received three performance nods – Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Amy Adams, and the often unappreciated turn from Joaquin Phoenix. Hooray. Great, also, to see wee Quvenzhane Walls in the best actress category for her powerhouse performance in Beasts of the Southern Wild.
A few others were more predictable but nonetheless merited: Anne Hathaway (this year’s surest lock) for her turn in Les Miserables, Daniel Day-Lewis as Lincoln (second surest best).
Not all was well, however. Where is the love for Moonrise Kingdom? One measely nomination (best original screenplay)? Nothing for visionary director Wes Anderson, and no best picture nod. They only nominated 9 for best picture – it’s not like they would have bumped anybody to include this miraculous little film.
And while best actor was no doubt the most competitive race this year, it’s unbelievable that John Hawkes got no love for his beautiful performance in The Session.
Still, the most aggregious oversight was in leaving Ben Affleck out of the conversation for best director. Argo – an excellent film with several nominations, including best picture and best supporting actor (Alan Arkin) – was truly a feat in direction. With scores of speaking roles, a story that weaved from Capital Hill tension to Hollywood comedy to international intrigue, and a pace that kept you breathless, Argo announced Affleck as a director of vision and skill. Not that Oscar noticed.
Surely Ben could have bumped Ang Lee from the list. Or maybe that spot should have gone to Kathryn Bigelow, who found power through restraint in her riveting film Zero Dark Thirty.
And where is Tom Hooper (Les Miserables)? Surprise nominees Michael Haneke (Amour) and Benh Zeitlin (Beasts of the Southern Wild) knocked some liklier candidates out of contention. But, to be fair, Haneke is a genius and every film he’s made deserves multiple viewings, and newcomer Zeitlin crafted perhaps the most wildly original film of 2012, so no grudges held.
Really surprised that The Imposter didn’t make it in as a documentary nominee, but very glad that How to Survive a Plague is there and here’s hoping it wins.
The Original Song category should be interesting. Though the new Les Mis song “Suddenly” is a worthy addition to a movie getting tons of award season love, Adele’s “Skyfall” has a brilliant retro-Bond sound that made it a classic from the very first listen.
Speaking of Skyfall, it should give Life of Pi a little competition in the Best Cinematography category. While the look of Pi was simply incredible (and really, the best reason to see the film), the use of color and shadow in Skyfall was more subtle, but very impressive as well.
by George Wolf Yeah, I know I've got two number 25's....I was told there'd be no math. 25. 20th Century…read more →
by Hope Madden Oscar party? Hells yeah! MaddWolf will celebrate Hollywood’s biggest night by annoying people with our jocularity at…read more →
They come into our lives quickly, yearning for a state football title that never was, yelling "put that coffee…read more →
making potting mix from garden soil vs and organic can you use as miracle gro,miracle gro potting mix vs garden soil mixing with,adding potting mix to garden soil difference between and using,adding potting mix to garden soil mixing with vs can you use in the or for herbs,making potting mix from garden soil vs whats the difference adding to,potting mix using garden soil can you use as with difference between and,mixing potting soil with garden is mix the same as can you use vs,potting mix with garden soil using seeds starting spring or for herbs,mixing potting soil with garden can you use mix as vs homemade recipe or for herbs,mixing potting soil with garden mix using making from vs.
In keeping a positive experience for our disc golf community, we reserve the right to take down photos, comments and other material deemed "unproductive,” by the KCFDC. This includes, but is not limited to, vulgar language, disturbing photos, angry or aggressive behavior toward fellow members and posting anything in violation of any intellectual property right of another. If someone persists in offensive behavior or continually violates any of our house rules, we may block that person from further participation. So please, just remember to respect everyone here and on the course.
It is time once again to come together at Thornfield Disc Golf Course in Stillwell Kansas to play with your best bud at the 2014 Faith Love Hope Win Doubles Event for Prostate Cancer. This is a great event for a great cause. Games, Players Packages, food and the opportunity to play the Thornfield course which is only used for charity events like this.
directions to the course??? lol but seriously, how do you get there? neither Tony nor I know. we are pretty pumped to play as well.
I walked the course last night and this course is simply amazing. If you have not played it, this is your chance. Don't wait and get signed up soon if you are planning on playing. Only a few more spots left.
It can be rather cumbersome and time consuming www.billmortleyphotography.com when you’re looking to discover the proper wedding ceremony photographer. Other than, you desire your marriage ceremony photographs to be quite distinctive and exclusive. Doing all of your investigation and scheduling forward can help you to choose probably the most suitable photographer. This could also help you uncover a single who is familiar with whatever you want and exactly how to produce the shots that you choose to drive.
A superb photographer can perform in all types of environments and take care of every type of situations. It is a extremely critical point to look for if you need to acquire photos inside of a all-natural environment.
Does your picked photographer provide the proper kind of devices to take the pictures that you want? Is he skilled plenty of to seize the unique times of one’s working day? Are you able to count on him to just take beautiful images even if the weather is wet and gloomy outside? Speak for your photographer and address these concerns. Existence takes place, however you don’t desire it to negatively influence your marriage ceremony day.
A fantastic marriage ceremony photographer is aware the way to cope with all probable scenarios, no matter what comes about on your wedding day. Speaking to your photographer regarding your worries prior to your massive day will set your mind relaxed.
In case your picked photographer has worked at your marriage ceremony locale ahead of, then he ought to be informed about the placement and be capable to shoot all sorts of shots from several angles. This may also ensure it is quick for him to shoot far more resourceful shots. Which means that it will not choose as long for him to photograph your marriage and reception.
Naturally, an experienced photographer can glance at your wedding ceremony location and know where by and how to get the best photographs, whether or not he hasn’t been there right before. Even so, you may perhaps talk to if he has at any time photographed a wedding at your picked out wedding day venue.
A reportage marriage ceremony photographer needs to be out there to seize each individual moment of your big day. This could include things like the pre-wedding rituals, the ceremony and the reception. You want to search back many years afterwards and find out all of these specific times depicted with your marriage ceremony pics.
Upfront, speak to your reportage marriage ceremony photographer and get an understanding with regards to the quantity of hrs that he will be there on your marriage working day. Get yourself a quotation primarily based on the level of hrs that you choose to expect him to remain, in addition to the amount of photographs that he’ll consider. If he’s a true expert who is dedicated to pleasing his shopper, he will insist on keeping assuming that it will require to help make you content.
Using images with your wedding day day isn’t the one thing that wedding photographers do. There are actually other products and services which are generally readily available once the wedding day. As an example, your photographer may well offer you editing solutions or produce marriage albums. If this really is probable, question him how much time each of these companies will get.
It is essential that you communicate with your wedding ceremony photographer. For a experienced, he ought to react to the inquiries within a swift method. He must also don’t have any problems with aiding you with any image relevant requests that you might have after the wedding.
You won’t be satisfied with the wedding pictures until you talk to the photographer. Furthermore, he have to possess the correct fashion, great interaction competencies, appropriate tools and creative imagination.
After you initial satisfy him, allow your wedding ceremony photographer really know what you wish and assume. This will likely enable him to ascertain your preferences and give you just what you want.
A new illustrated book on Shastra vidya by researcher, writer and illustrator, Harjt Singh Sagoo Перейти...
Hewlett-Packard's strong backing for Intel's Itanium processor line helped hasten Red Hat's plans to create a version of its flagship Advanced Server product for the high-end chip family.
Red Hat sells a version of Linux for Itanium systems, but hadn't planned to move Advanced Server to Itanium until late 2003. But HP, the co-inventor of the Itanium family, persuaded the company to advance the schedule by about a year, a Red Hat executive said.
Try explaining the concept intended better than this. Try. Good luck. Advertising = propaganda = memes = manipulation = beliefs = theology = politics = reality. From religion to mythology to political ideology, everything depends and perception in awareness and a particular frame of reference that has been sold to us and, better yet, that we’ve bought. The data and memes ooze and leak and seep and extravasate little by little, drop by drop until our thoughts have been cemented. Within today’s disquisition I free flow through a host of subjects including the role of humor and satire as viable and relevant components to contemporary political analysis and commentary. The critical and important but misleading impact of Jon Stewart and the latest coterie of comic prompter readers. They and their teams of writers deserve a hearty thank you for at least bringing a number of younger folks to the fore but be not mistaken – their message is as infected and contaminated and encrusted with distorted bias and misdirection as the worst from the dread right. Truth in politics and world events is akin to finding the mechanism of cancer. It’s variform, a multiplicity and mélange of vectors and influences and considerations and plots and not-so-subtle goals depending upon the perspective. And with that is another notion, that of perspective. Whose truth and whose history?
The origins. You can’t get better than the granddaddy of public relations, Edward Bernays. Read this aloud and slowly to friends and family like. And listen to each word in the power of each idea. And you will immediately see that it is the foundation of how everything you think and believe are processed.
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. …We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. …In almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons…who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind.
With all apologies to the lobotomized. We know nothing! Nothing! About anything. And we prefer to keep it that way. But, let me clarify that. It’s not we, it is they. They prefer to lapse into the warm self-induced coma of nescience. Unaware, unattuned and unafraid. You can’t fear something you don’t know. But that refutes the notion that I believe that it’s the unknown that’s the most frightening. To you and me, sure, but not the masses. Apparently. To not know how horrid things are or how badly you’ve been duped and deceived is an understandable reaction. But not for us. We crave truth and bad news. We fear not verity but cringe before illusion and delusion. To you, this podcast is dedicated. And remember as Huxley advised, “Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.”
When it comes to over-the-top feigned public suffering, nobody beats the North Koreans. Who admittedly do so at gunpoint. Well, at last, I admit they do . . . but the point shouldn’t go missed. So magnetic and warm and inviting is the gravitational pull of social media that anything that is “Awwwww” inspiring or “You poor thing” generating is prime for social media exploitation. Self-aggrandizement and self-reference. In a piece in the International Business Times entitled New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo Pushed Cancer Screening Cuts, David Sirota writes that AC may not be as bullish on CA as he might be suggesting. Or as the series of Tweets insinuate.
Here’s Andrew. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo and his partner/friend/mate Sandra Lee have in recent days become high-profile public faces especially on social media in the fight against cancer. Tweeting a series of hospital photos after Lee’s double mastectomy this week, Andrew and Sandra have cited her breast cancer diagnosis to, in Cuomo’s words, “speak openly about her illness in order to remind women of the potentially lifesaving power of early detection.” Yes, remind women. Well, let me remind you of a few things. Enter Mr. Sirota and this stinging indictment of Mr. Cuomo’s actual and recorded commitment to the cause.
That public education campaign about the value of cancer screening, however, contrasts with what health advocates say are Cuomo’s repeated efforts to cut funding for a major cancer screening program in New York. Only a few months ago, in fact, the American Cancer Society sounded the alarm, slamming Cuomo for pushing an initiative the group said could end up eliminating cancer screening services for more than 16,000 New Yorkers who do not have insurance that fully covers such screenings. In February, cancer survivors and public health advocates testified before the New York legislature, begging lawmakers to reject the governor’s proposed cuts.
“Who here wants to tell that mom, dad, brother or sister they can’t be screened for cancer?” asked the American Cancer Society’s Bill Sherman at a state senate hearing. Of Cuomo’s budget proposal, he said it would lead “to thousands of New York residents failing to get life-saving cancer screenings.”
In response to International Business Times’ questions about the American Cancer Society’s criticism of Cuomo’s budget proposals, the governor’s spokesman, Richard Azzopardi, said, “Get your facts straight, then try again.” He provided no new data or facts to refute the group, nor did he respond to IBTimes’ questions about whether Cuomo’s experience with Lee’s illness has changed the governor’s views on state funding for cancer screening. For her part, Lee has not spoken out specifically about the budget proposals, but recently told ABC News that “I don’t want women to wait” to be screened for breast cancer and also said that women should “go pick your phone up, and call your doctor and get your rear end in there and get a mammogram right now.”
This year’s proposed budget cuts were just one of many such efforts by Cuomo. Indeed, while being lauded by business groups for championing corporate tax breaks and opposing revenue-generating tax increases on millionaires, the Democratic governor has repeatedly issued budget proposals to slash state funding for cancer screenings.
In 2012, Cuomo proposed a $650,000 cut to state funding for the cancer services program. The next year Cuomo proposed to consolidate state health programs in a way that public health advocates said would result in a 10 percent cut to the state’s funding for cancer screening. In 2013 and 2014, Cuomo proposed 25 percent cuts to cancer screening — already significantly below the high-water mark — but was beaten back by the legislature, according to the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network. Advocates also said that under Cuomo’s budget, “critical programs like the Breast Cancer Survivors’ Support Initiative, which was the lifeline for survivor-led community support organizations across the state, get the ax.” Then came a new round of proposed cuts in 2015, even as New York has in recent years been running budget surpluses.
While cancer advocacy groups have convinced legislators to reverse Cuomo’s proposed cuts to the state’s cancer services program in the last two years, a representative for the American Cancer Society told IBTimes that funding for the program is still significantly below its high mark of $29 million in the years before Cuomo took office. For the past two fiscal years, funding has been frozen at $25.3 million — a nearly 20 percent inflation-adjusted cut to cancer services over the governor’s tenure.
In an emailed statement responding to Cuomo’s spokesperson, Bill Sherman of the American Cancer Society’s Cancer Action Network said “I’m guessing Mr. Azzopardi did not provide new data or facts to refute us because the data I cited came directly from his Department of Health. At the time they were the most recent stats on the number of cancer screenings conducted through the CSP program. ”
Azzopardi then sent a new statement to IBTimes asserting that “The Governor for several years has advanced a new competitive model to allow the best programs with a proven track record of results the opportunity for even more funding than they received previously.” Azzopardi provided no data to back up the assertion, and he did not dispute the American Cancer Society’s data about the funding cuts to the cancer screening program.
My advice to graduates. First, wake up. Who can blame you for being bored Shi’ite-less? You’ve spent four years of your life being indoctrinated and trained and habituated and conditioned to what? Conditioned for failure. And for what? Exactly. Look, you’ve heard the gloomy job prognostications and when it hits you how you’ve wasted your time and money, well . . . you’ll see. And how about these speakers? Seriously. Robert De Niro, Hollywood’s answer to Ambien, who knows only one acting style and delivery no matter the movie or time, only got attention when he dropped the proverbial F-bomb. That’s it. That’s how we’ve been conditioned. Gee, Travis Bickle said fuck. “Tisch graduates, you made it,” De Niro said after taking the stage. “And you’re fucked.” Hardy har har. We love cursing and coprolalia; it’s a substitution for wit. If you want to pretend to be a comedian and you’re short on humor or funny, curse up a storm and be filthy. But, I digress.
A capsulized version. Well, my friend, if I were given the chance to speak before a group of the recently released I’d speak to a number of absolutes. To wit, inter alia:
There is no such thing as a meritocracy here in this country. Where it may exist in this country, it is usually trumped by corruption and nepotism.
Loyalty is not appreciated in this country. Loyalty is appreciated in small doses until it is no longer needed.
There is an information evolution but you’d never know it watching #MSM. They have two primary functions: making money for their parent companies by being entertaining and protecting their parent companies financial interests through their choice, depth, and direction of news coverage.
Jobriath is the perfect example of hype not necessarily equating to success. He died of AIDS while living in a pyramid on the roof of the Chelsea Hotel at age 36. Meteoric rises often lead to meteoric descents.