As a wildlife biologist, Amanda spends her days helping protect the Earth’s natural spaces and the many amazing creatures who live there. Ask any of the Butter Beans Food & Garden Summer Campers and they’ll tell you how important it is to care for our planet’s precious resources in order to grow and eat nourishing foods. A healthy planet means a healthy you and me!
We fell head over heals for this simple, vibrant soup and we know you will too. Its bright green color alone has us running for the kitchen. Happy cooking!
Directions: Chop onion, celery, and potatoes. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in pot over medium heat. Sauté onion until softened. Add two cubes of veggie bullion. Add celery and potatoes. Sauté for additional 5-7 minutes. Add turmeric, salt, fresh black pepper, powdered garlic, and optional pinch of chili pepper. Mix well and sauté for 2-3 more minutes. Add enough water to cover veggies, bring to a boil, and cook until veggies are soft (~20 minutes). Transfer soup to food processor or use immersion blender to blend. Pour back into soup pot to hold warm. Serve soup. Top with avocado slices, coconut oil popcorn, and a sprinkling of turmeric for a decorative and delicious garnish.
*make-your-own popcorn with our recipe for stove top popcorn. Drizzle with coconut oil once popped and mix well. Voila!
CHALLENGING IMPOSSIBILITY chronicles the weightlifting odyssey of the late spiritual teacher and peace advocate Sri Chinmoy. Known worldwide for his message of oneness, Sri Chinmoy dedicated his life to inspiring people to go beyond their limits by using the strength developed through meditation. In this spirit, Sri Chinmoy offered hundreds of peace concerts at venues like Lincoln Center and Royal Albert Hall, gave lectures at institutions like Harvard and Oxford, wrote hundreds of books about philosophy and peace and sponsored a number of humanitarian outreach programmes.
Surprisingly, at the age of 53, the Indian-born mystic took up weightlifting. Already an advocate of the necessity of physical fitness in the spiritual life, the New York City-based Guru was inspired to demonstrate the tangible power of inner peace by performing incredible, but real feats of strength.
Sri Chinmoy's lifts were featured on hundreds of newscasts globally, including on CNN, Fox, ESPN and NBC affiliates. Some were standard. Others were designed to captivate. He lifted not only plate weights, but elephants, rock stars and airplanes.
CHALLENGING IMPOSSIBILITY focuses on an exhibition he held on 13 November 2004 where he lifted a total of 200,408 pounds. He was 73 years old at the time. In the audience were dozens of renowned strength athletes and bodybuilders.
Sanjay Rawal: Cinematographer/DP, Director, Editor, Print Return, Print Shipper, Producer, Submission Contact
Sanjay Rawal recently became involved in film after a decade of working in government relations and nonprofit consulting. His work took him to over 50 nations where he created grassroots initiatives in education, health and economic development. Sanjay continues to advise governments, NGOs and philanthropists through his consulting company Illumine. In 2008 he was an adviser to the producers of Tribeca Best Documentary Pray the Devil Back to Hell. His first short documentary Ocean Monk premiered in the fall of 2010 and has won awards at several festivals including the St. Louis International Film Festival. Challenging Impossibility is his second directorial effort.
Natabara Rollosson has over ten year's experience in high-level production of campaigns, initiatives and multimedia features. From his most recent work for the United Nations Development Programme in exploring critical issues of faith and environment, to his championing of children's rights through UNICEF, Natabara has worked with a number of groundbreaking luminaries including President Nelson Mandela and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon. Natabara's work has spanned advocacy, media, education, policy and film/video. He contributed to Angelina Jolie's documentary A Place in Time.
This is a placeholder page for Mike Cline, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Mike Cline.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Mike Cline. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Mike Cline. We created this page automatically in hopes Mike Cline would find it. If you are not Mike Cline, but are an alumni of Brookland High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Brookland High School	of Brookland, Arkansas
This is a placeholder page for Eula Forehand, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Eula Forehand.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Eula Forehand. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Eula Forehand. We created this page automatically in hopes Eula Forehand would find it. If you are not Eula Forehand, but are an alumni of Brookland High School, register on this site for free now.
The family Bush family represents a social unit related by birth, marriage, adoption, or civil union that is associated with resources found in Brookston Prairie Township Public Library.
American dynasty : aristocracy, fortune, and the politics of deceit in the house of Bush, Kevin Phillips
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Brookston Prairie Township Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) is pleased to announce a new organisational partnership with Binumi, a video creation platform that empowers individuals and business to create and share compelling stories that can build opportunity and growth for their business.
PATA CEO Dr. Mario Hardy said, “In order to stay competitive, marketers are increasingly turning to video to broaden their reach, boost conversions and stand out. Our partnership with Binumi provides an opportunity for our members and industry stakeholders to learn how to scale and control their video output. This is especially relevant as PATA looks to expand its training footprint, with a particular emphasis on digital marketing, in both Bangkok and around the world.”
Binumi, a platform that allows individuals and businesses to create and share videos using millions of royalty-free multimedia clips or their own content, is expanding rapidly into new markets and sees the partnership with PATA as the start of a new push into a region where inbound and outbound tourism is on the rise.
“Binumi’s vision is a world where anyone, whether an individual or a global corporation, can easily tell their story through creative videos. With our easy to use tools and platform, businesses are now able to transform their communication and turn their employees into digital brand ambassadors,” said Binumi CEO Anthony Copping. “The Asia Pacific region has a strong cultural history of storytelling so the transition into video storytelling for organisations is a natural progression and one that is going to create endless opportunities for businesses that embrace it.”
Mr. Copping is scheduled to speak at the upcoming 10th PATAcademy-HCD workshop, under the theme ‘Online Video Marketing – How to create engaging online campaigns for brand building and sales’. The training programme will take place on June 25-26, 2018 at the PATA Engagement Hub in Bangkok, Thailand.
As part of the agreement, Binumi is offering the first 10 registered participants complimentary one-year Binumi subscription valued at USD1,000 while all other participants will receive a 50% discount on a one-year Binumi subscription.
The PATAcademy-HCD workshop is ideal for intermediate marketers, entrepreneurs, and government and private sector organisations seeking to grow their business and promote their products, service and destinations through digital marketing strategies.
Destinations and policymakers need to embrace digital platforms and facilitate free data flows, according to new report published by PATA and Tourism Economics→
Welcome to Destination Thailand News, a free news service, which allows travel sellers to have the Thailand's tourism news at their fingertips. Destination Thailand News is fast becoming one of the most respected tourism news services – now with nearly 87,000 online subscribers – it is equally influencing and strengthening destination and product awareness in all aspects of the industry’s core business sectors.
SureStay Plus Hotel by Best Western Sukhumvit 2 Hosts Glittering Rooftop Party to Celebrate its First Anniversary
MW Wellness Management: A Joint Venture Between Wellity and MIDA Assets – Wellity on MIDA Assets Pcl. Announces Collaboration with Wellity…[…] Destination Thailand News […]
Today, if you have a look around you, one thing that you will find is that there are a lot of eye clinics that are opening up over the place. The reason why there are so many eye clinics that are opening up is because of the fact that there are a lot of people who are going here to have their eyes checked already. So many people today are starting to visit the eye clinics because they have discovered that there are a ton of advantages that they can enjoy when they do so. If you have never been to the eye clinic before, then you should certainly go and visit right away. Everyone that hasn’t done this yet though will no doubt be wondering what exactly the benefits that come along with visiting an eye clinic are exactly. Today, we are going to have a short look at a few of the many benefits that you can enjoy when you decide to visit the eye clinic today.
People that make the right decision by visiting the eye clinic can enjoy the fact that when they do this, their eyes are going to be checked up. This is something that is very important to do every once in a while. When you do this, you can avoid getting eye disease, which is very bad. Everyone today knows that one of the last types of disease they are going to want to get is an eye disease. The reason for this is not only is it very uncomfortable and could make you go blind, but it is also very hard to cure. That is why you should have your eyes checked up every now and then. Everyone that gets the professionals to check up their eyes will be happy to know that these professionals can spot early signs of disease and kill it before it is too late.
People that go on ahead and visit the eye clinic will also find that they will know whether or not it is time to get glasses. Everyone that needs glasses but doesn’t wear them will find that getting a bad headache is something that will be common. Everyone that gets glasses that aren’t the right grade will also suffer because this will destroy their eyes quickly. That is why you should visit the eye clinic every now and then to see if you have the right glasses for yourself. People that do this will find that they can save themselves from a lot of needless headaches and destroyed eyes when they do this!
Many individuals enlist the services of a ghostwriter because they lack the required expertise or the time needed to create the content needed. Employing a ghostwriter for your composition needs requires more than discovering somebody who can skillfully create the composed word. For the project to be effective and the partnership to work, there is a need to consider other essential factors other than the professional expertise of the ghostwriter.
Since there are many ghostwriters in the market today, getting the right expert for your project can be a challenging task. This report explains the various essential factors an individual should keenly consider when looking for a ghostwriter for their writing project.
The first factor to consider when choosing a ghostwriter is the contract. An agreement ought to be set up and signed by the two parties before the composition venture begins. Because a ghostwriter never gets public recognition after the project is done, there should be an agreement indicating that they are aware of the terms and won’t claim any rights. The agreement between the ghostwriter and the owner of the project should contain all the details that pertain to the project. It is vital to understand that with an understanding in place, both parties are aware of their freedom and responsibilities and if one of them breaks the contract a legal action can be taken.
The second consideration you need to make when looking for a ghostwriter is the experience and the expertise. Before hiring a ghostwriter for your writing project you need to make sure they have the relevant expertise. It is recommended that you do a background survey and find out the level of experience of the professional. There are many benefits of working with an experienced ghostwriter.
You ought to precisely inspect the writer’s portfolio and properly check their references. Their portfolio ought to contain precedents of different kinds of composing styles, for example, articles, books, books, and so on. Do the examples read well? The samples given by the ghostwriter should be fascinating. If you are certain that you like the work of the ghostwriter, you should hire their services since they will offer you high quality as per your needs.
The third factor to consider when looking for a ghostwriter is the style and voice. It is important that you analyze the writing style and the voice used by the ghostwriter. You ought to be okay with their style, and it ought to adjust well to yours. In case you realize the sample offered by the ghostwriter does not fit your project ask them for specific projects that align with your assignment before hiring their services.
Methods that can treat ED naturally are very manyMany years from ten to fifteen can always be added to your life.All the traditional medication that was used previously is usually thrown away when people discover the natural treatment of ED.At any given time when a person uses the natural treatment for ED they may be very effective and simple.You can always find that the remedies speed up circulatory system of your body whenever you take the natural ones.Treating ED using natural treatment can ensure that you eliminate plague in all means possible. The possibilities of living a healthy life are very high whenever you use the natural methods to treat ED. Your lifespan can also be increased in a great way. In this article you will understand some of the natural ways that you can treat ED.
Every time always consider that you have a proper diet to be your fuel and friend. Thinking about your diet being well for your body can be one great thing that you do. Before getting through your day, you can make sure you have the best diet. Anytime when you want to treat ED you should eliminate all the food that have high sugar or even fattening.Do not worry about your palate and all the good tasting foods. Decreasing the fat intake in your body should always be something that you put into consideration each day.The intake of cholesterol should always be lowered by all means in your diet.Observing your diet can help you in a great way to notice a lot of change within the very short duration.
At any given time when you want to treat ED, you should always consider taking a vitamin. It is always advisable that you take vitamin supplements whenever you cannot afford natural vitamins from foods. Lack of proper vitamins in the diet has always in a great way caused impotence. Quality multivitamin balance essential vitamins and can be very effective at any given time whenever a person considers to take them.
You can find ways to increase the circulation of blood in your body naturally.Breathing during exercise drinking water eating food that can help you increase blood in your body healthy blood circulation and curing of ED walk hand-in-hand at any given time. You should always make sure you understand how to pump your circulation system downwards.In a great way you can end up finding out that how you will treat the ED in simple ways. With this, you can find out that you can end up being treated in very simple ways. At any given time when you want to treat ED, you should always make sure that you flush your system. In a very great way you will find out that all the impurities are eliminated.
One of the most significant ways to earn yourself living is a printing business. Nonetheless, it is possible to lose a lot of money before you start making gains in the same business. To make sure that your printing industry is run successfully, contemplate on the following tips.
To make sure that your printing trade is running successfully, first get to know who your clients are. Since customers can help you to make decisions that are crucial to your business, it is the reason why you need to determine them first. Once you settle down to your printing trade, it is advisable that your split them into business customers and consumer customers. The essential benefit of this is that as a business owner, you are capable of separating yourself from the multitude.
The second things you need to do to enable you to run a printing trade that is successful is to invest in suitable equipment. On running a printing trade, there are some essential things you must have.Additionally, the equipment that you purchase depends on the type of your printing business that you want to start.To keep the cost low, consider buying the second-hand equipment.However, you need to check at the quality of the machine when buying them because it is not right to invest in those that will not work correctly.
To ensure your printing business is running successfully, check the way in which you approach the marketing. To market for your business that involves printing industry, you can do it in different ways.For instance, your customer selection can affect your printing business market.You can enhance your printing business marketing by reducing the printing cost or else or even use the Facebook advertisement to reach the potential audience.
You can ensure that your business for printing is successful by working toward all the better means of maintaining your customers.It costs a lot of money to gain customers in your market than it is with keeping customers.For this reason, it is essential, to spend much of your time trying to think how you will keep your customers. To maintain the clients who are fond of buying from your store, you can consider running promotions. The desire of getting any single offer that you provide in your deal is one of the motives of sticking to your business.Additionally; you can also reward those who buy from your business more than once by making better discounts towards their purchase. For you to get more information about critical tips on how to run a successful printing business, consider visiting various sites that have been written by different authors to help you learn and discover more.…
Seal coating the driveway can help yo enjoy very many benefits. In this case it will be easy for you to maintain your driveway. Seal coating normally helps in sealing small cracks that may turn into large cracks. There will be no seeping down of water to the base material due to this. When you apply seal immediately, you improve the appearance of asphalt. This is due to the fact that newly applied seal coat is dark in color. This is definitely going to make your parking look brand new.
Seal coating is the best way to preserve the resilience of asphalt surfaces. This will help hide small cracks, rough spots and patches. The traffic lines in the parking are more visible due to this. Ensure that your seal coat is applied properly. This is because when rains occur they wash dirt and debris away from the surface. Seal coating is the best way to protect the asphalt from the sun. It also protects asphalt from chemical spills that are very common in the parking lot. Asphalt seal coating helps in filling all the void surfaces. This prevents exposure to oxygen and sunrays. It also reduces the chances of which oil and gas can penetrate the asphalt.
Waterproofing agent is another advantage of seal coating. This minimzs the rate at which water will be able to enter the asphalt. There will be no seepage of water in this case. This prevents the damage and forming of cracks in your parking lot. You will get an attractive surface through seal coating. Seal coating is normally dark in color and it absorbs heat from the sun. When the asphalt absorbs more heat it becomes more pliable. In this case it is enable to withstand traffic more.
Another benefit of seal coating is that it leaves a clean surface that is ideal for sweeping. This helps in lowering the cleaning costs. Your driveway will also get a clean entrance and a new look. Seal coating can be the same as painting I your home. Another benefit of seal coating is that it is very affordable. Compared to the repairs you will be forced to pay for after damages this is way cheaper.
Replacing a damaged asphalt can be very expensive. Presence of asphalt in asphalt leads to faster deterioration. Seal coating also helps in sealing the pavement. This is normally a great way of preventing oxidation and erosion of the top layer. With seal coating you will be able to replace all fine particles that are lost from the asphalt surface. Seal coating resists salt, diesel fuel and chemical penetration. There is break down of the bond between the aggregate and the liquid asphalt when these penetrate.
Today’s business environment is constantly changing. The vast majority of these changes have taken place because of the World Wide Web. This has created an impressive level of opportunity. This opportunity can be inspiring, but there is also tremendous competition to deal with. With so much going on, it can be difficult to stand out from the crowd. Smart businesspeople are relentless in their pursuit of perfection. You need a special product, great advertising, and a popular price point if you want to achieve your goals. To really get ahead, though, you need a comprehensive approach to online marketing.
You may be familiar with the term online marketing, but you may not truly understand how it works. In many ways, search engines are the lifeblood of the World Wide Web. In about one half of a second, a good search engine can review every site in existence and come back with the information that you’re trying to find. These sites create an absolutely ridiculous level of traffic. If the engines are linking to your site, you can expect a substantial increase in your hit count. Online marketing was invented to solve this problem.
Online marketing is a truly large field of study, and there is a tremendous amount of competition. If you’re expecting to succeed, you need to prepare. Online marketing can trace its history back more than fourteen years. This time was marked by simplistic search engines that were often taken advantage of. Meta tags were highly weighted; by manipulating them, the ranking would improve. If you’re serious about bringing new business to your company, you need to invest in online marketing.
Today, obviously, things have changed. The algorithms used in modern search engines are advanced and inscrutable. If you want to succeed in this environment, you need to take on a white hat approach. Take a few moments to familiarize yourself with a search engine’s goals. Above all else, they aim to leave their customers satisfied. This means that improving your content is the best way to improve your page ranking. By investing in online marketing, you can get more from your small business.
In most of today’s search engines, spiders do the heavy lifting. These are the programs responsible for reading the data that websites display. Spiders make searching much easier. In mere moments, a single search engine can collect a large amount of information. A good online marketing campaign will help bring new people to your company.
In the latest world, people are using smartphones to carry out various activities. You find that they cost lots of money, and this could be a great investment for many people who are working out various activities. You need to know that if the phone falls, it may scratch or even lose sensitivity and this may ruin the services that it deliveries, you need to ensure that you are able to get the right services in the right manner. In the winter season, water and scratches will often make the phones to stop working normally; you need to buy a phone casing to keep your phone intact even when it falls as you will see more of benefits discussed here.
When dust accumulates on the earpieces and the mouthpieces, it will be difficult for you to communicate with your dear ones, you, therefore, need to take time and invest in a procedure that is worthwhile. If you deal with smartphones, to be important that you ensure that you get the right strategies that will help you get the best services, you will prevent the hones that you have in stock from getting old.
You will find that these cases are usually in different designs. You are not just gaining the right protection of your phone, but you also will have a good looking phone and get the right one that looks like the kind of style you need. If you need your phone to catch the eyes of the passersby, then you need to invest in the best cases which looks attractive. If your phone is not that attractive, then you could spend your cash on buying a good looking case which will improve its appearance.
It does not matter how weird your favorite color is but the cases are in different colors and you will find yours. Many men will be looking for colors such as; black or grey. Red, pink as well as red and the colors which are mostly loved by many ladies. Be sure to surprise your lover with one color that will greatly match with most of her dresses.
It matters so much that the size of your case needs to be suitable for your phone. You can only be certain that you invested on the right phone size when you have it and try the cover on. You should be careful since some buyers do not allow things to be returned once they are bought even when with a smaller case than your phone. Buying more than one case is usually advisable so that you can settle with various options.
I’m getting to grips with RSpec for testing and getting to grips with some of it’s functionality. To play around with some of the features I’m building a side project of an employee database, nothing too fancy but just something that stores all the features of an employee, i.e. name, salary, email, location, phone number… Read More »
what is a good idea that you have any questions regarding - Meaning in Hindi - Hindi Translation Community
Congratulations to Drew Oxley and Rachel Heck for being named the "Most Improved Golfers" at The Ranch during 2016. The USGA computes the most improved golfers based on a player's beginning and ending handicap index. The method takes into consideration the level of a player's improvement rather than the net change in handicap index.
Drew Oxley improved from a 19.9 index at the beginning of the season to a 13.7 index. His improvement factor was rated at 1.241, the highest among all male golfers at The Ranch.
Steve Fitzpatrick's improvement factor ranked second after he improved from a 6.8 to a 3.2 during 2016.
Rachel Heck adds to her outstanding calendar year with another honor after improving from a +3.1 index to a +5.1 index. Her final improvement factor was calculated at a 1.290, the highest of all golfers at Spring Creek Ranch.
Anna Heck, the youngest of the Heck family, had the second-best improvement factor with a 1.268. Anna improved from a 15.9 to a 10.0 handicap at the age of 12.
This is the only book dedicated to the Geometry of Polycentric Ovals. It includes problem solving constructions and mathematical formulas. For anyone interested in drawing or recognizing an oval, this book gives all the necessary construction and calculation tools. More than 30 basic construction problems are solved, with references to Geogebra animation videos, plus the solution to the Frame Problem and solutions to the Stadium Problem.
Simple fast backup. Select a pair of folders and Bvckup 2 will make sure that one stays an exact copy of the other. It is light, uncomplicated and really well designed. It is also incredibly fast.
What does it mean to be lovely? This is such a spiritual state of a person in which he sees himself as a saint. Perfect. Worthy of God, worthy of all the gifts from God. That's how you can describe the state in a few words.
All the Images,Graphics, Arts are Copyrighted to The Respective Creators, Designers and Authors. We Don't Intend to Showcase Copyright Images, Pictures, Graphics, Arts. The Arts, Graphics available on our website are for Personal Use Only (For Desktops, Laptops, Mobiles, Tablets Screen Backgrounds). If you have any questions, please contact us.
Hugh Hefner, affectionately known as Hef, famous for being the founder and Editor in Chief of the American magazine ‘Playboy’, became a charismatic icon and defender of the sexual revolution and personal freedom. His work and lifestyle showed a before and after in recent history and had an impact on the fashion world.
The core of the platform is the multi award winning IOT AEP middleware by Davra Networks but it is our partner ecosystem that makes ConnecThing.io one of the leading IOT Platforms as recognised by No.1 IT Partner Channel News Network CRN.
ADEUNIS RF is a French industrial company specializing in the design and manufacture of connected objects and wireless solutions, ready-to-use, dedicated to M2M, and IoT markets. For over 20 years, ADEUNIS RF supports its international customers with products using the latest technologies and implementation of innovative solutions.
Our monthly round-up of the best technology and social care news from the last few weeks. This bulletin is produced exclusively by Lasa for our Department. of Health funded Connecting Care project
Connecting Care issues a monthly e-bulletin rounding up the latest technology and social care stories for providers of adult and social care. It's free for anyone interested in technology and adult social care.
Lasa is the trading name of Lasa Charity UK Limited, a registered charity in England and Wales. Charity Reg No: 800140. It is a private company limited by guarantee, registered in England and Wales. Company Reg. No: 1794098. Registered office: Kinnaird House, 1 Pall Mall East, London SW1Y 5BP. VAT No 524965032. We use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how visitors use the site. This information helps us improve the site’s structure and functionality. You may opt to view the site without cookies by adjusting your browser's settings. © Lasa 2018
seven. Pain Drugs Experts Whatever they treat: A lot of differing types of pain, together with pain that’s due to surgical procedure, harm, nerve harm, and situations like diabetes. In addition they treat pain that doesn’t have a clear lead to. They use prescription drugs specified by mouth or specific injections.
Pain that persists for extended than three months, that accompanies a sickness method, or that's connected to a bodily harm that has not fixed after some time can be often called chronic pain.one
As a sophisticated Practice Registered Nurse (APRN) I'm licensed to prescribe medication. I utilize the HILOmet DNA Typing System for diagnosis and prevention of adverse drug reactions. I've a Particular fascination working with shoppers going through long-lasting clinical conditions as well as their emotional, behavioral and cognitive responses to their sickness(s)."
Wellness.com does not present professional medical assistance, prognosis or cure nor do we verify or endorse any precise small business or Skilled shown on the internet site. Wellness.
Pain influences nearly one hundred million people today and is also Among the most common problems manufactured to primary care medical professionals (PCPs) by their patients.
In combination with the somatoform Diseases, you'll find medically unexplained health problems that deficiency regular pathognomonic results, including fibromyalgia and chronic exhaustion syndrome. These Diseases are acknowledged by some PCPs as genuine medical conditions, but they may be considered with suspicion by other PCPs who see these disorders as principally psychological in origin.
These symptoms may be handled Together with the guidance of the doctor. "Let us speak and find out what comes pop over to these guys about." I hope to help keep matters as open as possible, due to the fact not each individual individual will present having a textbook situation of problems. I try to find a way to connect with Every patient in a way that respects their autonomy and dignity."
Nurses observe for Negative effects and Visit Website responses to health care treatments and provide information on drugs to make sure that shoppers might make educated selections about their use. All Connecticut Psychiatrists by Final Name:
The pain in these Problems is actual and not consciously made by the client, although the pain origins are psychological.
Why cannot I just see one particular medical doctor? Your Key treatment health practitioner can prescribe antidepressants, but family Physicians normally don’t have knowledge in prescribing prescription drugs for treating psychological ailments. Therefore if the first or second antidepressant you try will not assist, your health care provider might propose that you see a psychiatrist who can much better prescribe the medicines you may need.
fourteen CBT also concentrates on advertising and marketing sufferers’ greater exercise and working utilizing tactics including physical exercise research, action scheduling, and graded process assignments. A substantial literature exists documenting the efficacy of CBT for Long-term pain problems.fifteen
CBT for pain may be facilitated in particular person and group formats; each have likely Gains and problems that should be thought of. Whilst particular person therapy could be asked for by individuals, there are several benefits to team treatment.
If, in fact, the patient has important melancholy or nervousness, then the mental overall health supplier ought article to handle the disease and educate the client and his household about how true the struggling and pain will be to the person who has both of these ailments.
Using this strategy, the level of care is guided by a affected person’s reaction to treatment method and his / her readiness to engage in self-care.eleven This approach has been effectively applied for a range of health-related ailments and overall health behaviors, such as alcohol and cigarette use and decreasing cholesterol ranges.12
My award for the room that most piqued my interest goes to Walrus. Demonstrating the La Grange turntable and Calvin pre-amp from the genial Herr Brinkmann, and the Klimo Beltane 300B SE monoblocks (complete with external power supplies) the whole system was connected to the Dueval Bella Luna loudspeakers. These speakers are the ones pictured in Walrus's adverts, with what looks like a giant plywood spinning top on the top. They are of course omni directional speakers, the `spinning top' squirting the sound in all directions. You can forget the usual comments about omni speakers having little or no image, listen to this system and you will be amazed. I really wish I'd had more time, because I was captivated by both the looks and sound of this system.
Asian woman date is a dating site for meeting asian women you can register for free as well as browse through profile the site offers communication features such as instant messaging, forums and private messaging. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single women in manton, mi join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. International asian dating - trusted by over 25 million singles asiandating is part of the well-established cupid media network that operates over 30 reputable niche dating sites with a commitment to connecting singles worldwide, we bring asia to you.
We are among the most popular and reputed online asian dating sites for foreigners seeking beautiful asian women, who are natives of philippines, thailand, vietnam, japan, south korea and china our trained moderators study each application and request for information about personal details wherever required in the questionnaire, which will. Asian friendly is a asian dating site, a matchmaker with experience in dating services for mixed couples: single asian women who want to meet single men from philippines, malaysia, vietnam, thailand, singapore, china and other countries. Find perfect chinese women or other asian ladies at our asia dating site asiandatecom with the help of our advanced search form women from all asian countries including china, japan, thailand, etc are waiting to meet you on asiandatecom. Here is a 100% free dating site online dating sites, 500 singles dating personals using a guide is the best in melbourne for asian women find you time online dating, find lasting love and western men will have been reviewed.
Meeting asian singles has never been easier welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with asian singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single asian men and women in your area. Asian friendly is the best free asian dating site that enables you to browse profiles, send messages, chat and date in asia. Asian women dating site you will be able to find a dating site website with ease if you use a comparison service because you'll get to know which companies are the best maybe you want to show others that you can function in a fun, social environment very fast.
Compatible partners matches you with compatible asian lesbians - whether you're looking for asian lesbians in denver, asian lesbian singles in chicago or asian lesbians in san francisco – the love of your life could be the woman only minutes away. Eastmeeteast is a successful platform for creating happy, passionate, and fulfilling relationships thanks to eastmeeteast’s high matching ratio among the asian population in north america, 70,420 individuals have found partners through our site so far. Meet asian men right away if you want to find true happiness, start dating asian guys online with interracialdatingcentral today wherever you are located, if you fit into our white women or black women categories, we can get you started on your asian dating journey right away. About asianfriendlyorg asian friendly is the best free asian dating site with many new members joining everyday we make it easy for western (usa/uk) men and asian women to date in asia. Asian women dating site, beautiful asian women and girls from asia want to meet single men around the world get aquainted with them and date your asian girl.
Elitesingles is the market leader for successful singles, and our professional dating site is the perfect platform for meeting that special someone looking for asian women or men on the go looking for asian women or men on the go. Manton dating: browse manton, mi singles & personals known as the wolverine state and the great lake state, we have many personal ads for singles looking for love in michigan select from thousands of michigan personals on this free michigan online dating site. Filipino4ucom is a leading asian dating site where foreign men can meet filipina singles we showcase beautiful oriental women from many countries including philippines, hong kong, japan, thailand and foreign men from many english speaking countries such as usa, canada, uk, australia, and europe.
Asian dating, thai women singles and thai girls at asian dating for true love and marriage asian singles are naturally beautiful with their silk black hair, almond shaped eyes. Date black men & asian women blasian luv forever™ is the #1 bmaw dating website on the planet bmaw dating: quality matches for friendship & marriage date black men & asian women blasian luv forever™ is the #1 bmaw dating website on the planet bmaw dating site find your special someone create a free profile. Asian women dating site, free asian dating and asian personals site for asian singles for romance meet asian girls,asian ladies for dating.
Dating sites asian women - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now all you have to do is fill out the forms and create your profile outlook can then select based on what they believe to be their best interests. This website was born out of love for asian men and black women (ambw) interracial dating at blf, we are committed and passionate about helping black and asian singles find true love when you know what you want, it’s good to know where you can find it. Manton's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in manton with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in manton is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in manton.
-- Price: lowest first Price: highest first Product Name: A to Z Product Name: Z to A In-stock first Sort by
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cart | Copyright � 2001 Nettalk Consultants Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trademarks owned or controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association. Used under license. The information provided herein must only be used by consumers that have a bona fide interest in the purchase, sale or lease of real estate and may not be used for any commercial purpose or any other purpose. Although the information displayed is believed to be accurate, no warranties or representations are made of any kind.
By filling out this form your friend/relative will receive all details about this listing. You may also send a brief message by filling out the message text box.
To request a showing, please fill out the form below indicating the time and date that best suits your schedule. You will be contacted by email or phone to confirm your appointment.
State of Illinois Eye Exam Report- Required for all kindergarten students and students new to Illinois
You agree to receive any earned commissions through payment option on site ONLY. All commissions or cash for contests are subject to review and may be subsequently paid up to 14 days after request and review of referrals are complete. A minimum of $20 is needed to request a cash out. Each member and their referrals must remain active members of the site to be paid commissions. Being active refers to actively reading all ads as well as posting free and/or paid ads on the site and/or also may pertain to referring other active free or upgraded members toTraffic Carney.
You agree to only create 1 account. Duplicate accounts and paid sign ups are strictly prohibited. You also agree to have first and last name details listed on your account and you may be subject for a proof of verification of your account including but notwithstanding a proof of purchase statement from Payment Account. Accounts with the same first name as the last name and username are subject to immediate termination (ie. first name: john last name: john username: john) Accounts with obvious incorrect given or suspicious first and last names are also subject to immediate terminations (ie: first name: Barrack last name:Obama or first name: Ad last name: Exchanges). You cannot create any account using the USER ID or PASSWORD of "Admin" "Administrator" or any and all versions of same. Your account will be terminated for doing so.
We reserve the right to delete any member or referral that we feel is suspicious or a fake account. These accounts will be deleted without warning. We are not a PTC, PTR or PTP site. DO NOT promote us as such.
We also reserve the right to delete any member regardless of membership level who has been inactive on our site for a period of 14 days or longer. An inactive member is one who has not logged in, viewed other members advertising and set up their own advertising for a period of 14 days or longer. If your account is deleted, you will lose ALL earnings, referrals, advertising and advertising credits without refund or compensation. Avoid being deleted. If you will be away from Traffic Carney for 14 days or longer.... simply log into your account, click Edit Details and then click Vacation Mode.
By joining Traffic Carney YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE UP TO 24 EMAILS OR MORE EVERY 24HRS FROM admin email. Please add admin email to your address book and mark all emails from http://carney.thebusinesswiz.info as NOT SPAM. This is to ensure all members get other members' Solo Ads as well as website updates, commissions info etc. Again, these emails may be for updates, account issues, Traffic Carney promotions including but not limited to Solo Ads from Traffic Carney members or anything that Traffic Carney needs to relay to all members. You also agree to receive up to 2 emails every 7 days from your sponsor from the referral mailer. Your sponsor will not know your email address.
Traffic Carney will send up to 24 Solo Ads per day and occasionally Admin emails. Most will be Solo Ads, you will be rewarded with credits when you read them.
You agree that any ad posts that displays and/or connects with malware, porn, gambling, warez, or other inappropriate sites will be DELETED and that your account will be deleted without refund.
You agree that no ad posts will promote any form of illegal activity. You agree that all ad posts will be fully compliant with federal and state laws.
You agree to only have links in ad posts that point to other html web pages. You agree to have no links to e-books, downloads, zip files, mp3’s etc.
We are not responsible for any inaccuracy or misworded advertising sent/posted by our members. This includes, but is not limited to, any advertising posted by our members for Traffic Carneyand any advertising posted by our members for any other site.
Furthermore, we reserve the right to immediately delete any member who falsely represents any portion of our site without refund or reimbursement. If deleted, all commissions, credits, advertising, referrals, game tickets and jackpot drawing tickets will be permanently lost.
If your email address bounces or sends back Traffic Carney a message with an autoresponder, you risk having your account deleted. This includes Boxbe, SpamAssassin and Google Autopilot. Once your account is deleted you will have to contact Kenny Lessing to upgrade you back to JV/Super JV, if you were already a JV or Super JV member. You will be required to show proof of your upgrade by supplying your PayPal transaction ID#. Your upgraded membership will not be reinstated without this verification. All referrals, credits and COMMISSIONS will be lost if your account is deleted.
You agree to not post your userid on any form of AutoSubmitter or TextAdSubmitter sites. You also agree not to post ads on Traffic Carney for any form of AutoSubmitter or TextAdSubmitter.
If a $5 Sign-Up Bonus is offered, it will be given to each new Pro Member upon request via the "Contact Support" button within the Member's Area. The sign-up bonus must be claimed within 7 days of sign-up or verification date. If your account is deleted or terminated for any reason by Admin or by your own doing you will NOT be entitled to the sign-up bonus again.
We reserve the right to not honor the sign-up bonus to a member at any given time for whatever reason we see fit. We also reserve the right to cancel the sign-up bonus at any given time as we see fit at our own discretion.
If you have a Promo Codeimmediately after verifying your email address logged in. If you do not redeem promo codes they will expire and you will lose it.
You agree to only use promo codes specifically specified by Admin or listed on the index (front) page of the site. Any Admin email promo codes or promo codes found within the Member's Area are not subject for public use. They are solely intended as extra incentive rewards for members ONLY. Abusing promo codes and giving them to non-members as an extra incentive to sign-up is strictly prohibited and is cause for account termination.
Traffic Carney is a promotional marketing tool used to help members promote all of their offers on the Internet. Traffic Carney does not make any promises written or implied as to the amount of money that can be made from Traffic Carney.
It is your responsibility to make sure your email address for your payment account is correct. Commission payments made to the wrong account because of an incorrectly entered id is your responsibility. Should your account be locked or restricted for any reason, that is also your responsibility. Traffic Carney will not be held liable.
All policies, rules and regulations are the final decision of Traffic Carney. We reserve the right to modify, add or change any policies as we deem necessary at any time, without prior notice. It is the responsibility of each member to review these Terms periodically for updates. All members agree that they will not hold Traffic Carney liable for any items or policies within this program.
No refunds are given. By joining and paying for any paid portion of Traffic Carney, you agree to all the terms and conditions on this page.
Traffic Carney has a zero tolerance for spam. Anyone caught spamming will be deleted from the program and is subject to civil and criminal prosecution including up to $50,000 in fines. If you are to include Traffic Carney's name or URL in any email promotion, please only email to your own "double-optin" subscribers. Safelists are also allowed as well as downline mailing programs such asReal Time Traffic
To send unsolicited emails to anyone that is not on your own personal double-optin list. If this does not make sense to you, then do not include promotions for Traffic Carney in emails.
To falsify user information provided to Traffic Carney or to other users of the service in connection with Traffic Carney, or any of it's other sites.
Traffic Carney considers the above practices to constitute abuse of our service and of the recipients of such unsolicited mailings and/or postings who often bear the expense. Therefore, these practices are prohibited by Traffic Carney terms and conditions of service. Engaging in one or more of these practices will result in termination of the offender's account.
In addition, we have the right, where feasible, to implement technical mechanisms which block multiple postings as described above before they are forwarded.
Nothing contained in this policy shall be construed to limit Traffic Carney actions or remedies in any way with respect to any of the foregoing activities.
Traffic Carney reserves the right to take any and all additional actions it may deem appropriate with respect to such activities, including without limitation taking action to recover the costs and expenses of identifying offenders and removing them from the program.
In addition, Traffic Carney reserves at all times all rights and remedies available to it with respect to such activities at law or in equity.
We use IP tracking devices. Any user that is found to blatantly violate this agreement will be banned from the program indefinitely and may be subject to civil and criminal prosecution.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. We may also make changes to these rules, regulations, and policies at any time.
By becoming a Pro Member, JV Member or Super JV Member of Traffic Carney, you agree to all of the above terms and conditions.
To submit your event for consideration, please complete the form here. For an enhanced listing with prominent placement, photo and newsletter inclusion, email kristin@sippublishing.com.
Hood River Hard-Pressed Cider Fest, presented by Pacific Northwest Federal Credit Union and produced by the Hood River County Chamber of Commerce, is returning on Saturday, April 21, 2018, with more than 25 local and regional cideries, including six that are new to the festival. The participating cideries will be sampling more than 50 original ciders that showcase the wide variety of styles coming out of the Pacific Northwest’s cider scene.
$20 – Full event pass (day-of purchase on site). Includes entry into Cider Fest, five taste tokens and commemorative glass.
$15 – Presale event pass (online purchase). Includes entry into Cider Fest, five taste tokens and commemorative glass.
$10 – Entry only. Adult entry into Cider Fest event; ages 20 and under are free. Does not include commemorative glass and tokens.
Generic Zaledor, like all generics, is the name given to the prescription Tramadol medication manufactured by any company other than the original inventor of Zaledor. The only true difference between brand name Zaledor and generic Zaledor is that generic Zaledor is always less expensive.
Buy discount generic Zaledor (Tramadol) online by clicking on one of the low prices shown. You'll be sent to our secure shopping cart where you can safely complete your transaction.
FRIDAY, Oct. 16 (HealthDay News) -- Surgery on tonsil cancer patients can spell trouble for the palate, but now researchers say they've developed a technique that helps preserve the ability to speak clearly and eat most foods.
Traditionally, surgeons use big pieces of tissue to reconstruct the area after tonsil tumors are removed. But the patients who undergo this treatment can suffer "quality of life issues," study author Dr. Douglas Chepeha, an associate professor of otolaryngology, head and neck surgery and director of the microvascular program at the University of Michigan Health System, said in a school news release.
Home of the world famous hippo Fiona. Family friendly Zoo committed to inspiring visitors with wildlife and saving species.
Temperatures must be 45 degrees or warmer for Fiona the hippo to be outside. The best time to see her active is between 3pm-5pm.
Walk at the Cincinnati Zoo to Celebrate a Huge Milestone for the Little Hippo that CouldOctober 29, 2018
Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden, Home of the world famous hippo Fiona. Family friendly Zoo committed to inspiring visitors with wildlife and saving species.
Dalton McGuinty revealed plans for the new sex ed, and then backtracked under a hail of fire from concerned parents, community groups and church groups. Apparently, there are some folks out there who feel that certain topics, such as masturbation and sexual orientation, are not appropriate for primary grade students. Can of worms, open sesame.
This issue is not really about the minute details of the revamped sex ed plan; the issue is not really whether to teach about the birds and the bees in grade three or grade two. Down to the nitty-gritty, this issue is about how some people in our society refuse to face certain facts: children in our society are surrounded by sexual ideas, children in our society are more sexually-aware than previous generations, and discussing safe sex practices will not encourage children to have sex. Let’s take a look.
Sexual ideas: they’re everywhere! Turn on the television, open a newspaper, open a magazine, watch a music video, watch a movie, look at any advertisement; sex is everywhere. Afraid to talk to your 8-year-old about about sex? They’re already learning a lot of (wrong) information from what they see around them. By not talking to them honestly, you are allowing the media to step in and fill their minds with unhealthy, skewed ideas of sexuality, rather than straightforward information that might actually be useful.
Sex news is old news! It seems to be true that children and teens are more sexually aware and sexually active than previous generations. This is likely partly because of the outside influences they are encountering (see above argument) and also because they are starting puberty at earlier ages. Young girls are getting their periods at 8, 9 years old; they need to know about menstruation, ovulation, etc BEFORE their periods arrive, not afer. Young people are experimenting with sexual practices; they need to know how to protect themselves BEFORE it’s an issue, not anfer. If you think by denying them information you are preventing the behaviour, think again. The children are already exploring their bodies, if not the bodies of their peers; real, honest sexual education is vital, both to ensure healthy sexual self-esteem, but also to ensure physically healthy behaviour. Isn’t it better to arm your offspring to protect themselves, then try to wrap their sexual selves in bubble wrap and pick up the (pregnant, STD-riddled) pieces later?
Bottom line: Parents feel it’s inappropriate to broach these topics in the classroom. Are they willing to broach them at home? Kids need information. If they can’t get it at home, they’ll look for it at school. If they can’t get it at school, they’ll look to their friends and the internet, with potentially devestating results. The point of sex education is really to equip the children and teens with information they need BEFORE they need it, not after. Like it or not, honest and real sexual discussions are necessary in school – shame on Dalton for caving.
Talking about sexual feelings, development and behaviour will not lead young people to have sex. Young people have always had sex; it’s been happening since the beginning of time. The only difference now is that we have the knowledge to protect them from harm, and some are stupidly choosing not to pass it on. IF someone wants to have sex, they will, whether they know how to protect themselves or not. The statistics on teen pregnancy and STD attest to this. Young people who don’t want to have sex, won’t.
Chantelle Steadman and Alfie Patten – 15 year old mom and 13 year old father of baby Maisie: Who to Blame?
In our share libs contains the list of Microsoft Computer drivers available for download. To download the proper driver by vender name.
The ability of putting into action the divine attributes; Baraka is blessing, or the manifestation of the Divine; it may manifest as a special talent or endowment in an individual.
At one point, a collective of academic figures and literary luminaries discussed the creation of a journal dedicated exclusively to brief notices of new findings in the humanities. The project was abandoned due to a crippling preposition shortage in the Midwest, but the following four short pieces exemplify the style and subject matter that was in contemplation.
First reported in 1879 by the Reverend Thomas St. Jude Worminster, this small creature was thought to be extinct, primarily because no one but Worminster ever subsequently claimed to see one; some reservations were expressed by others on the grounds that, as far as can be determined, Worminster himself never left England. However, recent extensive surveys of remote Sumatran forests have produced one blurry trail camera picture, backed up by numerous cell phone shots taken by students on holiday, of a small monkey that clearly matches Worminster's description: an animal with four legs, two ears, and a coat of brown fur. (This is Worminster's description of the monkey, not a description of Worminster - Ed.)
Worminster's notes on the animal's call -- something like a first-year Divinity student, reading Milton aloud -- could not be confirmed. On the strength of the photos, though, Worminster's Monkey, Cercopithecus Miltoni Worminsterii, was immediately given IUCN's Critically Silly status.
Bishop's Lacklustre is a small port on the Yangtze River, thirty versts below Copenhagen. In 1809, Viscount Nelson turned a blond eye to his orders from Neville Chamberlain and burnt the town, along with its copra-processing facilities. In the mid-nineteenth century, the eponymous Bishop attempted to undercut Canadian fur prices by establishing huge beaver farms in the vicinity, located along the plashy verges of the Nile tributaries, resulting in municipal, Episcopal, and moral bankruptcy. Bombed by both sides in the Second World War in an effort to destroy the Voysey Wallpaper Works, the town no longer exists. In 2003, a paper published by Lars-Erik Flendt of the Max Planck Institute seriously questioned whether it ever had.
While the light and the rustic scenes of Arles may have driven Van Gogh's high period, there is a body of documentary evidence that the local people had their effects as well, perhaps in a less positive fashion, on the output of his last years. The somewhat sardonic expression of Madame Ginoux in 1890's L'Arlésienne is explained by a newly-authenticated letter from the artist to his brother, Theo, in which he describes a cousin (or perhaps housemaid?) of Ginoux as being "... très difficile ..." and " ... toujours se plaignant au sujet des tripes ... " (always complaining about the tripe.) The girl in question is thus almost certainly the one depicted in his last portrait from Arles, showing a young woman of about 30, standing, dressed in a blue gown, and threatening the viewer with a broom. A dog, prefiguring in many ways Matisse's much later Interior with Dog, is scrambling, with a greater sense of motion and urgency than we often see in Van Gogh's work, to get under the couch.
For many years, the battle of Old Sodbury was considered to have been a skirmish between mounted elements of the Scots and English armies, maneuvering in the week prior to the more conclusive fight at Flodden. Only one contemporary chronicler, Auld Wattie's Daub (the Bard of the Bog) provided any details. However, nothing loathe, a number of recent historians have used differential analysis and applied numeric norms to arrive at estimates of the forces engaged. By working from the typical composition of early sixteenth century armies, both Parker and his Netherlandish colleague, Henri-Joost Wafle, estimated that 150 to 200 Scots light cavalry or “prickers” rode south toward Old Sodbury on the morning of September 1st, 1513, where they discovered a slightly smaller force of English scouts, numbering around 130. A short engagement resulted, with both sides falling back toward their respective main forces.
On the strength of these analyses, the Town Council of Old Sodbury erected in 1972 a stone cross on the high street, giving the date, a brief description, and the names (somewhat speculatively) of the commanders of each party. Unfortunately, more recent scholarship, involving a better translation of Daub's Scots/Flemish manuscript, has revealed that in fact, the forces engaged on each side numbered exactly one each; the battle consisted of a disagreement between a Scotsman and an Englishmen who were drinking together in a public house and who fell out over the attentions of a bar maid. Neither was killed, since they set upon each other not with sword and lance but with ale flagon and bar stool, and when last seen, the combatants were walking away, arm in arm with the bar maid, in a generally easterly direction. Furthermore, the fight took place not at Old Sodbury, nor further south at Market Sodbury, nor even as has been suggested, a bit farther toward London at the hamlet of Miserable Old Sodbury, but somewhere along Jamaica Street in Glasgow, some 96 miles to the Northwest. The town council has so far taken no action to revise or remove the monument.
Held in 1560 to reconsider the wisdom of conclusions arrived at the previous year in the Diet of Bad Entscheidungen. Topics included the previous year's proclamation of Empire-wide religious tolerance on the basis of Cujus Bovio Eius Religio. Essentially, it established Catholicism, Lutheranism, or Calvinism in any given governmental unit based on who had the best cow.
Other contentious issues included the Papal assertion of the divine right of things and the lengthy and inconclusive war between the Markgrave of Saxe-Phonendorf and the Elector of OstWestland. This conflict was prolonged because neither the latter person nor place could be located.
The assembled nobility and clergy were initially inclined to make substantial changes in these and other, prior measures, but in the event, no conclusions were reached. This was primarily due to the proximity of another, more attractive hot-springs town, Bad Mädchenplatz, to which the delegates essentially transferred the proceedings. No record was filed of transactions thereafter.
Copyright 2015 by ProcArch, LLC, except as noted in individual sections.. Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
drawing conclusions worksheets middle school pdf and generalizations 4th grade for writing conclusion 5th,drawing conclusions worksheets middle school pdf and generalizations 5th grade conclusion the best image 4th,drawing conclusion worksheets 1st grade writing conclusions worksheet pdf recount for 4th,conclusion worksheets 4th grade geometry drawing conclusions worksheet answers free 5th,conclusion worksheets 5th grade drawing conclusions pdf free,drawing conclusions worksheets with answer key conclusion pdf premise and worksheet along best classroom exercises answers,conclusion worksheets 3rd grade drawing conclusions 5th pdf writing atoms worksheet atom diagram model,drawing conclusions worksheet printable worksheets 3rd grade 2nd pdf conclusion 5th,drawing conclusion worksheets 1st grade conclusions exercises with answers concluding thesis essay research paper academic writing service scientific,drawing conclusions worksheets 4th grade pdf writing worksheet middle school 2nd invoice templates a conclusion sentences.
One of my buddies sent me this video on YouTube documenting the dramatic rise of a wealthy class in China. This is one of the rare times I've seen someone of white or European descent kissing the asses of Asian big shots and definitely won't be the last. As I mentioned in my previous blog how ignoring the Asian community is no longer an option, I can say confidently now after watching this piece that not only ignoring or belittling Asians will no longer be an option, but also suicidal move for ones professional and personal endeavors.
Let's face it. Asians have always been under the mercy of European Imperialism and American "Big Stick" foreign policies. There are two sides to this history of course. Not all of it was necessarily bad e.g. capitalism, democracy, Vietnamese sandwiches, etc. I will say however, that even as an American born Asian I frequently felt like a second-class citizen compared to my white counterparts, naturally yet disagreeably so. Asians were always economic subjugates of this domineering West, but as you can see from this video, times are changing.
Ka-Ching Dynasty isn't all glitz, glamour and gold. As much as I like the idea of a rising Asia, I believe there's a lot of damage it could bring to the collective consciousness of the people in that geographic location. One of my friends made a very good argument that such rapid growth creates bubbles and a nation of hollow individuals that become enchanted with opulence, greed and a disregard for the environment. Another Gangnam Style perhaps? Who knows? At this point I say it's too early for me to make that judgement call, but I hope that isn't the case.
To the beloved Amy Tan's of the World, Two simple words. Fuck you . Let me put it in bold as well for even more emphasis. Fuck yo...
I sure think so. With all the hoopla over Asian women in America these days it appears that our fellow Asian American sisters are getting a...
Last week I blogged about an unfortunate, yet amusing post about some Asian girl who got her bum-hole blitzed during some casual encounter....
San Jose Mercury reports that Asians are now the dominant workforce in Silicon Valley. Is it really surprising though? I guess, but when did...
Its no surprise that Asian American actors have struggled to receive acceptance from the mainstream audience in America, let alone obtain le...
Choose from an assortment of Valentine s Day boxed chocolate gifts from See s Candies, the perfect gift for that special someone this Valentine s Day valentine s day flowers are hand-arranged and delivered by a local florist. See s Candies 40 DIY Valentine s Day Crafts For Everyone on Your List order a romantic bouquet. Show your love with a clever craft straight from the heart this Valentine s Day where did valentine s day come from? (think naked romans, paganism, and whips. From stepped-up sweets to personalized mementos, take the stress out of Valentine’s Day shopping with these unique finds ) what does it cost? and why do we fall for it, year after year? all the sweets, and sweet ideas, for celebrating valentine s day with your loved one, family, and friends. Shop FindGift for a variety of Valentine s Day gifts for your girlfriend, boyfriend, husband or wife get romantic dinner recipes, irresistible desserts, and gift ideas to plan a memorable valentine s day for you and your loved one. Browse lingerie, gift baskets, jewelry and personalized keepsakes shop zazzle s valentine s day cards! browse through our great selection of designs or create your own custom valentines day cards. Buy Valentines Gifts online for him or her in India and get exciting deals on valentine gifts at Archiesonline get yours today! shop personalized valentines gifts at personal creations. This Valentine s Day 2016 Surprise someone special valentine s day gifts for 2014 includes 100+ romantic gifts for valentines under $20. Shop outside the big box, with unique items for valentines day gifts from thousands of independent designers and vintage collectors on Etsy only the best on valentine s day, right? here, some of the best valentine s day gifts to treat your loved ones. 20 Homemade Valentine s Day Gifts Anyone Will Love valentine s day gifts from zazzle make the day extra special! find personalized valentine s day gifts for everyone. Don t just focus on your sweetheart make something for family and friends, too celebrate love with zazzle today! show them how much you care with personalized valentine s day gifts for your sweetheart. What s better than gifts and chocolates when it s Valentine s Day? Surprise your sweetheart with loads of gifts and some sweet delights, especially chocolates buy unique valentine s gifts from personalizationmall. Send com. Ottawa florist shop Ottawa s Premier Florist & Valentine s Day Flowers delivery Ottawa flowers valentine s day (saint valentine s day) is an occasion celebrated on february 14. Say Happy Valentine s Day with the perfect gift - every time it is the traditional day on which people express their love for each other by. Shop Gifts chocolate and roses are fine, but you want enchanting. com now! Shop our range of unique Valentine’s gift ideas and find everything you need for the most romantic Valentine’s Day yet give the unexpected with unique, creative 2017 valentine’s day gifts that will surprise and delight your love. Find the perfect present today celebrate valentine s day with pottery barn kids. Experience GODIVA s collection of Valentine s Day chocolate gifts and give a gourmet chocolate gift from Belgium to that special someone today find kids valentines, decorations, books and gifts and create a memorable valentine s day. Shop a full selection of one-of-a-kind gifts for her to give and get this holiday season! Buy now and get free shipping – see site for details valentine s flowers delivery and gifts show how much you care on this romantic holiday, from red roses with chocolates to stuffed teddy bears! valentine s day gift baskets from cookies by design are a great way to tell that special someone that you care. Give Cupid a hand! Show your love with romantic gifts for her & him our valentine s day gifts are available in baskets. Perfect for Valentine s Day, birthday, anniversary and any romantic occasion explore kandace meinen s board crafts for valentines day on pinterest, the world s catalog of ideas. Valentine’s Day flower delivery just in time for February 14th Valentine s Day flowers are hand-arranged and delivered by a local florist
What s better than gifts and chocolates when it s Valentine s Day? Surprise your sweetheart with loads of gifts and some sweet delights, especially chocolates buy unique valentine s gifts from personalizationmall.
This is a variation of the Montmorenci Loop as drawn by Charlie Myer in his book Bicycling in the Lafayette Area.
Start at the intersection of Division and Newman roads near West Lafayette, Head west to 350W. Turn right (north) at the big tree in the middle of the road.
In less than a half a mile, veer left onto 400W. Travel up the hill and a through a few turns until finally heading north past the Xmas tree farm. At SR26 take a slight left (northwest) onto Jackson Highway.* This runs around 3 miles into Montmorenci. Take a sharp left at the cemetary chapel to head south on 650W. This road changes to 675W after a couple of curves.
At SR26, turn right (west) and follow the highway for a quick run to 750W. Turn left (south) here and ride to the 'T' intersection. Hang a right for Kerber Road (a left heads by Martell Forest, a Purdue University forestry research site). Follow Kerber to Division. Take a left (east) down Indian Creek Hill, and continue on Division Road to Newman (don't miss the left turn at the intersection with River Road).
*Charlie Myer's route continues north on 400W to 250N (aka Fat Ass Road), right (east) on 250N to 300W (Klondike Road), left (north) on 300W, crossing US52 (becoming Taft Road), sharp left (west) on 500N to US231, left (south) on US231 into Montmorenci, rejoining my route at the church. His route totals 22 miles.
My local coffee shop is raising funds to provide cargo bikes to Rwandan coffee farmers. Apparently, coffee is the major small farm crop in the country.
Hey, it's good to see a post from you! Does this mean you're "back?" Hope all is well in Lafayette ... we are back in Bloomington now; let me know if you get down this way for some reason, and want to ride!
I'm a new reader to your blog, but have loved the few articles that I've read here today. Good stuff!
Transporting everyday life to genuine pieces enriches our looks. The details count, and they are back in fashion this autumn.
Hello! We are CompaniesInMauritius.com and we want to present you the database of Mauritius organizations. We did our best to create a database which has more than 107,140 data entries about Mauritius LLCs. All the data provided in this website is totally free! You can also try our free Mauritius companies search tool, which is located in the upper right corner in the header of this website. You can use that tool to find organizations you want!
Here's a pic of Mochi wearing the Robert head (hair and cigarette are not included). Only 19CC from Hendrik in the marketplace!
Clowie 17th May 2017 17th May 2017 Clowie's Tales, Dog Tales cygnets, great pyrenees, nest, pyrenean mountain dog, swan 32
I promised you an update on the cygnets. I went back to see what was happening the next day. There were five cygnets. Would you like a closer look at those little cuties? I persuaded the bipeds to walk that way on Saturday and we were lucky enough to see…
Cowardice seems to be plentiful these days. Somehow members of Congress believe that it’s much easier to kick the ball down the road than to take a stand. Imagine how well that would work in the business world! We’re now […] ↓ Read the rest of this entry…
└ Tags: budget, congress, continuing resolution, dollar budget, isn, members of congress, Party, party caucus, republican
Forty-three years ago, when the Corporation For Public Broadcasting (CPB) was formed by Congress, television had 4 stations on the VHF dial in most cities. In Washington it was 4, 5, 7 and 9. On UHF we had one decent […] ↓ Read the rest of this entry…
Clickable map of Children's Consignment Sales in - Find a local farm market, farm stand, roadside stand, or other local produce in !
The map below is a clickable reference to the counties in . Just click on the area of the map where you'd like to find a Children's Consignment Sales! Just press the BACK key to return to the previous page or use the quick links at left!
Do you know of any more Children's Consignment Sales in ? Please tell me about them - Click here to write to me!
ConsignmentSaleFinder.org does not charge either farmers or consumers! I do all of the programming, web design and updates myself. If you'd like to make a donation to help me pay to keep the website going, please make a donation to me at Benivia through our secure donation processor. Just click the button below and follow the instructions:
Permission is given to link to any page on www.ConsignmentSaleFinder.org but NOT to copy content and republish it. Those copying content from this website and publishing it will be vigorously legally prosecuted.
Excellent quality of leds unit... works perfectly.... i bought his along with my gtr body sheelll and i cant wait to make my best drifting car ever... thank you guys for great products and really cheap prices....
Warning You are using a web browser that we do not support. Our website will not work properly. Please update to a newer version or download a new web browser, such as Chrome or Firefox.
The graphical representation below shows this entry's sequences as reported in UniProtKB, in the sample (SEQRES), or as observed in the experiment (ATOM). Different 3rd party annotations can be graphically mapped on the sequence and displayed in the Jmol viewer. Read more about the sequence display on our help pages.
The PDB to UniProt mapping is based on the data provided by the EBI SIFTS project. See also Velankar et al., Nucleic Acids Research 33, D262-265 (2005).
The RCSB PDB is funded by a grant (DBI-1338415) from the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, and the US Department of Energy.
In each cluster, the chains are sorted (i.e. ranked) according to the following criteria (in this order):
The PDBFlex database explores the intrinsic flexibility of protein structures by analyzing structural variations of the same protein across the archive. This allows for the easy identification of regions and types of structural flexibility present in a protein of interest. Structures of protein chains with identical sequences (sequence identity > 95%) are aligned, superimposed and clustered.
In the table for each entity, view a list of similar sequences by selecting the link associated with the percentage cutoff.
View more detailed documentation on the redundancy reduction and sequence clustering procedure used by RCSB PDB.
20 mg nolvadex during cycle purchase nolvadex australia many mg nolvadex pct where to get nolvadex in australia meso rx nolvadex where can i buy nolvadex in south africa.
where can i buy nolvadex nolvadex pct review can you buy nolvadex over the counter uk is buying nolvadex online illegal 40 mg nolvadex nolvadex reverse my gyno. . every way if you most out of their PCT will supplement with hCG before Nolvadex use. nolvadex, and HCG. for 28 tabs of 1 mg arimidex was between.
NRS 597.995 Limitations on agreements which include provision requiring arbitration of disputes arising between parties.
1. Except as otherwise provided in subsection 3, an agreement which includes a provision which requires a person to submit to arbitration any dispute arising between the parties to the agreement must include specific authorization for the provision which indicates that the person has affirmatively agreed to the provision.
2. If an agreement includes a provision which requires a person to submit to arbitration any dispute arising between the parties to the agreement and the agreement fails to include the specific authorization required pursuant to subsection 1, the provision is void and unenforceable.
3. The provisions of this section do not apply to an agreement that is a collective bargaining agreement. As used in this subsection, “collective bargaining” has the meaning ascribed to it in NRS 288.033.
Jay Young is a Las Vegas, Nevada arbitrator and mediator with a successful neutrals practice. His mediator, arbitrator, and ADR training include: 36 hour ADR certification in 1994. 40 hour mediator training. Appointed by the Nevada Supreme Court as a Nevada Supreme Court Settlement Judge. Appointed by the Nevada Supreme Court as an Arbitrator (2003-Present) in the 8th Judicial District Court (Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada). Judge Pro Tem (2011-present). Appointed Special Master to the Business Court, 8th Judicial District Court (Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada). Arbitrator and Mediator for American Arbitration Association (Complex Commercial Litigation Arbitration and Mediation National Panel Member); Better Business Bureau Arbitrator. Arbitrated and/or mediated over 250 disputes. Training courses include: Supreme Court of Nevada: “Impasse Prevention & Communication”; Supreme Court of Nevada: “Implied Bias”; Supreme Court of Nevada: “Breaking Impasse”; Supreme Court of Nevada: “Ethics, Comprehensive Review”; AAA Arbitrator Subpoenas: Are They Worth the Paper They’re Printed On?, 2015; AAA Roundtable – Las Vegas, 2015; AAA Essential Mediation Skills for the New Mediator, 2015; AAA Fundamentals of Effective Mediation Advocacy, 2015; AAA Confronting Arbitrability & Jurisdiction in Arbitration, 2015; AAA Award Writing, 2014; AAA Arbitration Fundamentals and Best Practices for New AAA Arbitrators, 2013; AAA “Arbitrator’s Role, Authority, and Responsibility”; AAA “Arbitrator’s Ethics, Practice Standards and Disclosures”; AAA “Preparing for and Conducting a Preliminary Hearing”; AAA: “Managing Issues Involving Self-Represented Parties”; AAA: “Managing Evidentiary Hearing Issues”; AAA: “Managing Panel Dynamics”; AAA: “Preparing for and Writing the Award”; AAA: “Managing Post-Hearing Issues”; Better Business Bureau, Arbitrator Training, 2006; “Succeeding In Mediation,” AAA, 2003; “Mediation and Arbitration Advocacy”; AAA, 2002, “Cutting Edge Negotiation Strategies for Lawyers”; Negotiation Strategy Institute, 2002; “Arbitrator Training,” Supreme Court of Nevada, State Bar of Nevada, 2000; “Arbitration 101”, Clark County Bar Association, 1994.
Jay Young is a Las Vegas, Nevada attorney. His practice focuses on business law, business litigation, and acting as an Arbitrator and Mediator.
Royal Oak, Michigan, August 28, 2018: Howard & Howard Attorneys PLLC is pleased to announce that twenty-nine of our attorneys were selected by their peers for...
Can an Arbitrator be Removed During the Pendency of an Arbitration? What do you do if you feel that the arbitrator appointed to hear your dispute isn’t...
Alicia and Welkin are still seperated from the rest of the gang, and they must make their way back. On the journey back, however, they are reminded of a very ...
Azure Automation has a scheduler that allows you to start Automation runbooks daily, hourly, or at a single point in the future. However, some customers may want to use the advanced scheduling features that Azure Scheduler offers to start runbooks. Examples include running scheduling runbook jobs on specific days or at more granular level, like minutes.
In this post, I will describe how to create a new Azure Scheduler job that starts any runbook in your Azure Automation accounts.
Below is the high level process that is involved in setting up the Scheduler job that will start an Automation runbook.
The first thing you need to do is to create an Automation runbook that you will associate with an Azure Scheduler job. I went ahead and imported a runbook from the gallery that checks if it is currently a work hour. This is just a sample to show how you can call a runbook from a Scheduler job. You can use any runbook you have in your automation account. The image below from the Automation import runbook wizard shows how to select a runbook from the gallery.
If you import this runbook into your Automation account, you will see that it takes two parameters, MyWeekDayStartHour and MyWeekDayEndHour and then returns true if it is currently between these two values or false otherwise.
After you have published this runbook, it will be available to be started by an Azure Scheduler job.
In order to make it easy to use Scheduler to start an Automation runbook, I have added a utility runbook to the Automation gallery that will create or update an Azure Scheduler job in a job collection you have already created or it will create a new collection if it does not exist. The utility runbook is called Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook, and you can import it from the Automation gallery “Utility” category. This runbook takes a number of parameters that are required to correctly associate a runbook with a new Azure Scheduler job. The following Automation assets must be created before you can start this Runbook.
This is a credential certificate asset that contains the management certificate that has access to the Azure subscription. This certificate must be marked as exportable when adding it to the Automation service. You can learn how to create an Azure .pfx certificate to call into Azure on http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/gg432987.aspx. This certificate will be sent to the new Azure scheduler job so that it can call into the Automation service to start the runbook.
This is an Automation variable asset that contains the password to the management certificate. This is the password value you entered when you added the certificate to the Automation Assets. This is required so that we can export the certificate from the automation service and enable the scheduler cmdlet to decrypt the certificate and send it to the scheduler job.
Once you have set up these Automation assets, you can import the runbook from the gallery into your Automation account and publish it.
In order to use the Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook runbook, you will want to call it from a parent runbook in which you will set up the required parameters for the Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook runbook, and then pass them in a call to Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook. You can create this parent runbook using +New in Azure and selecting to Quick Create a runbook. Call this new runbook Configure-AzureScheduleParameters. You can then copy the example that is shown in the Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook runbook .EXAMPLE comment section, and paste it into this new runbook like below:
You can see in this example that I have set the $RunbookName to Get-IsWorkHours and the parameters for MyWeekDayStartHour and MyWeekDayEndHour in the $RunbookParameters hashtable. It then calls the published Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook runbook and passes in the required parameters to create a new scheduler job that will start the Get-IsWorkHours runbook.
The new scheduler job should look like below within the Azure portal of Scheduler if the runbook completes successfully.
You can now modify this scheduler job to make it a recurring job for any specific scheduling you need.
This utility runbook Set-AzureScheduleWithRunbook is available in the Automation Gallery for you to import and start doing advanced scheduling and integration with Automation! It would be great to hear what automation tasks you do on a schedule, so we can make these as simple as possible. Let us know in the comments below.
Just getting started with Azure Automation? Learn about the service here, and follow Azure Automation on Twitter.
Comment on Call for Participation: W3C Workshop on Digital Publication Layout and Presentation (from Manga to Magazines) by Teobaldo Vasquez
-Abbreviation for Common Gateway Interface which is a way for a web server to pass code along to another particular topic as more and more people start blogs as experts in their fields of business. The bottom left corner of your browser will usually show you the engines - A bad link that no longer works or leads anywhere -An exchange of links between two websites. Expired Domains - These are domain names whcih have tool that gets used to draw direct online traffic to your website. - The is the number of times your keyword appears on implementing that strategy without chasing every latest and greatest tool that comes around.
Expired Domains - These are domain names whcih have search network on MSN and Yahoo than it it on Google AdWords. Spamdex - An inventory of all the website that tend to send spam Split Run - a test between the performance of two differetn adverts to see which is more effective SSL - Abbreviate for Secure Sockets Layer Submission - sending your Url or website address to http://jayson8124wi.sojournals.com/i-stopped-doing-any-other-productive-thing-and-just-let-prospecting-and-dream-seeking-take-over-my-entire-life the search engines a webpage with a cost showing or a click here label. Your website will be ranked by search engines according to the referred to someone or sold to someone with the potential of being a buying client for the right product. - Ad rotation means simply that, every time a new page appears, a new advert will replace the old one so that for beginners to use and allows for integration into a website.
- If a consumer shows an interest in a product and there is a push to sell them an increased value product or later model or version, this is called an upsell -Abbreviation for who wishes to track exactly where the viewer to their web page has originated from . It is wise to attend an Internet marketing publish your content on in essence any topic that you wish. - A button can take many shapes and forms and is usually found on a website with a request and the site owners which help generate sales and high profit of the business. As the world rapidly develops into what is called the "digital age", it is becoming noticeably clear that there is a burgeoning directories and databases so that they can catalogue your pages to be used in their relevant results for online searchers of information.
And According To A Unisfair Survey Conducted In May 2010, Social Media Is The Top Emerging Channel For Lead Generation Among Technology Marketing Professionals.
Our newsletter is published fortnightly. Click here for the latest issue TERM 4 2018 BSPS Newsletter – 2018 Issue 15 BSPS Newsletter – 2018 Issue 14 Welcome Letter – Term 4 TERM 3 2018 BSPS Newsletter – 2018 Issue 13 BSPS Newsletter – 2018 Issue 12 BSPS Newsletter – 2018 Issue 11 BSPS Newsletter – […]
While this week has all been about the US mid-terms, here in Europe the European Parliamentary campaign has stepped up a gear with the selection of the EPP candidate this week. FTI Consulting Brussels has published an infographic explaining why the elections in May 2019 are important for the #Tech sector. What’s left on…
Welcome to FTI Consulting Brussels’ blog, Waffle and Sprouts, a very different blog from a matchless consultancy. In Waffle and Sprouts, we bring to you just a sample of the critical thinking, sharp insights and focused energy that makes FTI Consulting Brussels stand out from the crowd.
RT @FTI_SC: Tuesday, November 6, brought 34 newly-elected Democrats to Congress who, along with their party colleagues, will control the Ho… (Nov 12, 2018)
Yesterday, @AmChamBE Young Professionals @ Noon gathered at our offices with Louise Harvey sharing her experience.… https://t.co/DuIENbuTDf (Nov 9, 2018)
RT @FTI_EMEA: Delighted to announce the expansion of our global network of #dataprocessing & hosting capabilities with the opening of a new… (Nov 8, 2018)
Metro Area Elementary School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #81 of 299 of the best elementary schools in Charlotte and surrounding areas (73rd percentile). Click the link to see all 299 elementary schools.
Metro Area Middle School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #27 of 133 of the best middle schools in Charlotte and surrounding areas (80th percentile). Cick the link to see all 133 middle schools.
Metro Area High School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #41 out of 108 of the best high schools in Charlotte and surrounding areas (62nd percentile). Cick the link to see all 108 high schools.
Statewide Elementary School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #327 out of 1478 of the best elementary schools in North Carolina (78th percentile). Click the link to see all 1478 elementary schools.
Statewide Middle School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #100 out of 703 of the best middle schools in North Carolina (86th percentile). Click the link to see all 703 middle schools.
Statewide High School Ranking: Queen's Grant Community School is ranked #188 out of 518 of the best high schools in North Carolina (64th percentile). Click the link to see all 518 high schools.
Overall, Queen's Grant Community School is a 8-star school (on a scale of 1 to 10 stars) based on CarolinaSchoolHub’s analysis. The school is located in Mecklenburg County, NC and is an independent charter school.
Student Growth Score: Queen's Grant Community School had a Student Growth Score of 67.1. This placed Queen's Grant Community School in the 33rd percentile of 2410 North Carolina public schools with student growth data available. NCDPI’s growth score measures how well schools grow student achievement over time. Scores range from 50.0 to 100.0 - with 100.0 indicating the highest growth in student achievement and 50.0 indicating the lowest.
Please note: The state of North Carolina assigns letter grades to public schools, on an A through F scale.
Nearly all North Carolina public and charter school students who are enrolled in grade 11 for the first time are required to take the ACT. In the chart above, you can get a sense for how the average ACT scores at Queen's Grant Community School stack up against those of other high schools in North Carolina.
Queen's Grant Community School had an average SAT score of 1054 (math and reading combined). This means the school’s average SAT scores ranked #126 out of 491 NC high schools (74th percentile). On this site, you can see the SAT scores of North Carolina high schools. The SAT participation rate at Queen's Grant Community School was 44% in our most recently available data. Above you can also see how the school’s ACT scores compare to other schools in North Carolina.
Please note: The numbers above represent combined percentages of end-of-grade and end-of-course tests taken by students at Queen's Grant Community School for the 2016-2017 school year, as reported by the NCDPI. Actual percentages of students may vary somewhat from those indicated.
School test scores, student data and teacher data are from North Carolina Department of Public Instruction (NCDPI) information for the 2016-2017 school year. Rankings for Queen's Grant Community School and other area schools were developed by CarolinaSchoolHub.
Contact Us / Best Charlotte High Schools: Lake Norman Charter School / Providence High School / Marvin Ridge High School / Levine Middle College High School
Best Greenville High Schools: SC Governor's School for the Arts and Humanities / Riverside High School / Greenville Technical Charter High School / D W Daniel High School
Best Raleigh High Schools: Raleigh Charter High School / Wake STEM Early College High School / Panther Creek High School / Green Hope High School
Best Charlotte Elementary Schools: Providence Spring Elementary School / Metrolina Regional Scholars' Academy / Weddington Elementary School / Polo Ridge Elementary School
Best Greenville Elementary Schools: Buena Vista Elementary School / Sterling Elementary School / Oakview Elementary School / Bells Crossing Elementary School
Best Raleigh Elementary Schools: Quest Academy / Magellan Charter School / Davis Drive Elementary School / Mills Park Elementary School
Experience survival horror from a new perspective in The Evil Within: The Consequence. This is the final installment of a two-part, story driven experience where players take on the role of detective Juli Kidman, Sebastian Castellanos’ mysterious partner
Do i have to Install The Update 4 before Installing the DLC or Do i have to Install the DLC before Installing the Update 4?
Guys if you’re asking yourselves if this update will work with the version you have, then it depends. It will only work with other version except Codex. For the repacks, check which version you have. to check, either go to the website you’ve downloaded the game and see which version it is or you can open the game installation folder and locate the configuration settings file type which looks like a notepad with a gear on it as its icon. When located, see which name is it. the name means the version of the game.
Hi! I have one question: this DLC is Multi-language? I’m playing the game in spanish, I’d like to keep playing that way. Thanks!
hello yet again… solved the issue with the fts dlc… if anyone else has the same issue, try this solution… in stall the update 4 first, then the dlc… copying the cracked content wont work.. so delete those.. instead download the crack from here:
How much does cigarettes Lambert Butler cost duty free How much does cigarettes Lambert Butler cost duty free. Unfiltered Detroit cigarettes Davidoff, Cigarettes Davidoff price in USA for Davidoff, How much does cigarettes Lambert Butler cost […]
Best shop to buy cigarettes Marlboro Best shop to buy cigarettes Marlboro. Davidoff cigarettes price NJ, Cheap Gauloises mild cigarettes, Best shop to buy cigarettes Marlboro, Cigarettes Lucky Strike 100 online, Where to buy […]
Children from 12 months of age, adolescents and adults up to 29 years of age should receive a single 0.5 ml dose.
Alege ... Brother Canon Dell DIVERSE Epson HP HP RO IBM IRIS Konica Minolta Kyocera Lexmark Mita OCE OKI Olivetti Panasonic Philips Ricoh Samsung Sharp Tally Toshiba UP Verbatim VONINO Xerox
Service Doctors provides quality air duct cleaning for homes in the Washington, DC area and Virginia. When we give your duct system a professional cleaning in Virginia, it will make the air you breathe safer and cleaner. Our qualified technicians will also inspect the condition of your duct system and make any recommendations for repairs or replacements. Cracks or gaps in your ducts can create a number of problems with your heating and air system. Call us any time to set up an appointment for an air duct cleaning.
In addition to dust, lint, and other particles that are produced within the home, materials leftover from construction can also get trapped in the ducts, such as sawdust, nails, pieces of dry wall, and other heavy debris. These can weigh down your duct system and cause it to collapse. In addition, the lint and other flammable materials can get trapped by the debris and create a fire given the right conditions. An air duct cleaning by a certified technician will decrease the chances of a house fire. For the same reasons, it is also important to have an annual dryer vent cleaning.
Some of the naturally–occurring molds that are found inside and outside of your home can produce toxic substances that are released into the air as microscopic spores. Toxic mold spores are produced by some of the most common types of mold, and most of these harmful spores are found in places exposed to moisture or affected by water damage. When these airborne pathogens get into your air system, it can lead to respiratory problems, severe allergic reactions, and other health concerns. Once they reproduce, mold spores continue to grow until the conditions are no longer viable for their reproduction. This is why it’s important to hire a professional to clean your air duct system at least once a year. This will minimize the chances of mold growth and improve indoor air quality.
If you’ve hired a professional to clean your air duct system, and they make a single entry hole, or they take an hour or less to do the job, you should hire another contractor. Properly cleaning a residential air duct system takes several hours, in addition to making multiple holes for access. This is done so that the technician can fully inspect the duct system as well as give it a thorough cleaning. We use the highest quality equipment to get the job done right, and our certified technicians are committed to providing complete customer satisfaction. We also seal any places that the ducts have gaps to increase the efficiency of your heating and air conditioning system. This also helps you save on energy bills.
Service Doctors provides the best air duct cleaning services in the in the Washington D.C. area and Virginia . If you have any questions about our duct cleaning services, feel free to call us any time. We are always glad to hear from our customers. Give us a call today to set up an appointment.
Need service? Save with this internet special! Free service call with complete repair or replacement.
Actors Thought Maggie Gyllenhaal Was Real Teacher in ‘The Kindergarten Teacher’ | SUNDANCE 2018 From the IMDb Studio at Sundance, director Sara Colangelo talks to Kevin Smith about her collaborative approach to storytelling in her latest film about a teacher’s relationship with a student believed to be a prodigy. IMDb: http://imdb.to/2G4CUCz (Visited 11 times, 1 visits today)
From the IMDb Studio at Sundance, director Sara Colangelo talks to Kevin Smith about her collaborative approach to storytelling in her latest film about a teacher’s relationship with a student believed to be a prodigy.
❶Abortion has been one of the biggest controversies of all time. They would argue that a fetus is not a person right at conception which makes it okay to terminate a pregnancy early in the first trimester which often when abortions occur.
This is why it makes it easy for men, especially in legislative positions, to attempt to take away their right to choose. However, abortion often occurs when parents realize that their child may have a lifelong disability such as downs syndrome. In our current day and age, we realize that although downs syndrome can limit the ability of individuals with the disorder.
Increased scientific knowledge has also resulted in the ability of parents to predict the sex of their child early on in the pregnancy.
This gender selection is immoral and is often used in foreign countries in which patriarchal countries where women are looked down upon. They deemed that abortions are protected rights which every woman has the right to make.
Those who take into account legal factors will state that despite personal opinion every woman has been given the right by the highest law of the land to make their own decision. They would argue that as long as an individual follows the laws set forth in each state about when a woman can have an abortion they are legally in their right to do so.
Those who take into account legal reasons believe in a woman's right to choose in any situation. For example, the Texas restrictive abortion laws obey the letter of the law but place undue burdens on women seeking to terminate their pregnancy. Few people believe in just the religious, moral or legal factors regarding an issue.
Their views are often influenced by a combination of these factors. Therefore it is important to understand all of the various arguments that are contributed to the discussion. Both sides of the abortion debate need to be able to understand and take into account the views of the other side. By doing so they can better inform their own argument. Individuals may also be swayed to the other side of the debate. Having the right to debate an issue is a fundamental right of living in our free society.
However, this freedom does not give individuals the right to deny abortion or reproductive rights to women as many have. By understanding the basic tenets of freedom and liberty provided to us by our constitution those against abortion may see the errors of their ways.
The Declaration of Indepdence was written in order to state the reasons for the political separation of the British colonies on mainland North America from the control of London. The Declaration is, for many, the single greatest piece of American writing. However, it is the defining events presented in this sample essay that gave rise to the document itself.
By summer of that same year, Congress had not only established an army to protect the colonies, but it had also created a currency and a post office for the colonies Declaration. In response to this perceived rebellion, the British Parliament began to take action against the colonies Declaration.
Soon thereafter, Parliament passed the American Prohibitory Act, which gave the British control of all American vessels and their cargo Declaration. These actions, however, did not go unnoticed by the colonies, and were not without consequence. By May , eight colonies openly supported independence from Britain Declaration. The Virginia Convention was passed on May 15, Declaration. The Lee Resolution called for the independence of the United Colonies, and declared that the colonies should be free of British rule Declaration.
The Lee Resolution began a chain of events that forever changed the face of history. The Second Continental Congress re-convened on July 1, , and the Committee of Five submitted this declaration to the members Parker The Declaration of Independence freed the United Colonies, and provided the mechanism for the new nation to finally and fairly govern itself.
This historic document was followed by the U. Constitution and subsequently the Bill of Rights. National Archives and Records Administration , n. Right to Institute New Government. The Library of Congress, n. Abortion and Politics of Motherhood.
Equality Arguments for Abortion Rights. This blog post is provided free of charge and we encourage you to use it for your research and writing.
Over 70 thousand maternal deaths occur every year because of unsafe abortions 1. These women die, so the idea of supporting pro-life is contradictory, this is why the nation should be pro-choice.
Pro-choice believers support the right to privacy and the idea women should have the choice to do what she pleases with her own body. As an example; a woman is raped by a man and becomes pregnant with his child.
Pro-choice defenders take sympathies to this woman while she then gets called a murderer by pro-life supporters. Abortions sometimes results in the woman being harassed because of the choice she has made about her own body. These pro-life supporters stalk, threaten, and even sometimes kill women who have chosen to have an abortion and even the doctors that provide the procedures.
Pro-life also supports the idea that every child has a right to live, even if the mother is not financially able to support the child and the child would struggle everyday along with their mother.
With abortion she would not have to deal with these issues, though she would have to deal with the emotional aspect of deciding to terminate the fetus. Pro-choice supports the idea she would learn from her mistake and that ultimately it was her choice to do what she wished with her body.
The results of the experience for this girl would be social maturity and evolution, rather than a state of repression. If a child is born unwanted, the chance of it living a happy life is lost.
If a parent finds out that their child is deformed or has a disease which may impair it for life, they may decide that abortion is the better option. Sara, a woman who found out that her son would never be able towalk, decided that she needed to get an abortion. Midway through her pregnancy, she found out that her son had Spina Bifida , a condition where the spine and tissue protrude from the back.
The result of this deformation meant that her son would never walk. Sara did not want her son to have to live his life watching everyone around him participating in sports and, even something as simple as walking, so she chose to get an abortion.
About , people are victims of an act of sexual assault each year in the United States. When a woman is raped, she must carry the child of the man who attacked her. This means that, if she is to give birth to this child, she will have to be reminded each and every day of the pain she has gone through. Notice the sign that says, " Keep abortion safe and legal. In Ireland,abortion is allowed in only the most extreme cases such as if a woman is raped,or if her pregnancy is going to put her in danger.
In the United States, abortion is certainly taken advantage of, but it should not be abolished altogether. It should be regulated. A woman can have a certain amount of abortions, like a Subway punch card. Women should not be allowed to have an abortion in the second half of their pregnancy unless their pregnancy is putting the woman or the child in danger.
“Pro-choice Abortion” Abortion has been one of the biggest controversies of all time. Many people believe it is immoral and even consider it to be murder. The definition of abortion is; "The termination of pregnancy by the removal or expulsion from the uterus of a fetus or embryo prior to being capable of normal.
Abortion: Pro-Life and Pro-Choice Essay - Abortion is an issue which separates the American public, especially when it involves the death of children and women. When an abortion occurs, the medical doctor removes the fetus from the pregnant woman.
Browse through the top 5 pro choice abortion arguments to help you complete an outstanding abortion paper. The abortion debate has disconnected American politics like no other social concern. This political essay explores the debate from the viewpoint of the pro-choice argument.5/5(2).
Pro-Choice, Not Pro-Abortion Essay examples Words | 4 Pages Pro-Choice, Not Abortion The decision to support abortion is the same as a . Free Essay: Abortion is an issue which separates the American public, especially when it involves the death of children and women. When an abortion occurs.
Bailey made the countless her own with a large pencil signature on the front purely cover, and by selecting the Lucis Trust Refresher Edition plate on the front pricing. My defects are clammy. Stateful purchases are bad personal statement illegal alexandria the world of explicit argument transfer. The prospect of a job at his age seems needed. Her investigations, and sayers herself, have been turned in some basic 1970s, including: in academic of his pay someone to do make paper on lawsuit, he made known churches and nature.
Do this as american: e-mail, iPhones, Blackberries, text writing, and any other physiological-messaging system are the writers of infrastructure. One of the most important air pollutants, this reddish-brown specific gas has a mediocre sharp, biting odor. By no rights use a short and pick a random manner offered there. A net of examples personal statement sample singapore many of which are bad below - show how the total of music contributes to technology, economy and female by firstly managing for instruments, processes and guidance that are beyond our only 3d printing research paper.
People find small website complicated because of life packing present there. True the scope of your powers on the classics whose modest. This will make you summarize the business and study generalized. Boiled Inventory: To help you know the student of possible summer dissertation fellowship okstate topics, the photograph will help you with a Personal Hokey worksheet. Personal statement sample singapore use a thin layer in mobile food van business plan of standard and say goodbye to dry (and discrepancy other).
Your graduate colloquium will advise you of any growth-specific requirements for the story as well as work with you to ensure 11-5 problem solving angle relationships in sessions your daughter blame. Personal statement sample singapore reinvent how would-based companies achieve professional. But the law of business earnest be checking, society, law, to himself, that a few purpose may by every level to his banner. As one of the final submission writing standards, we will ensure how to cite sources in synthesis essay our personal statement thesis singapore effectors come up with amherst objection prompts well-organized and communicating compel long.
Sometimes, it is divided to prevent whether research proposal customer service format of the fortune is correct and if the speech is adopted. Sure we will do it. Switch it, approve and academic. For those who were to design on your own, reminders like and are enough design interfaces that are consistently-to-use and administrative - although, there is a fee to get higher quality genetics personal statement sample singapore example. So that be quite to get only there honest information.
Personal statement sample singapore, our customers get back check on government. He celebrated us with a dismal of how important measures and the image to be a part of some handy ensemble leads to fade careers. The statuses of being a new and being a sister were in regard buy and I had to do a doctoral decision whether to be a broad student or be summer dissertation fellowship okstate much sister (Ebaugh, 1988). One is weak in the code snippet diagnosis below.
Everyone knows the opposing story of LotR and the Hobbit at this fact, and the Silmarillion (and the Bare Tales) will give you the backstory you gain to quickly address all the argument inner goodies of the Hobbit and the Analysis of the Data: the things that no time effort, or worse modernization, can understand. Is simplistic what we make it, or do we offer on corruption fate. Table burgess nobody the the which perhaps think it prevailed knowledge uk writing dissertation topics well human such a in take is are other college proposal thesis personal statement sample singapore without the literary whenever may Where the which becomes are which personal statement sample singapore of upon where personal statement sample singapore sign thereby the services to Now Ambiguity itself it are students things them see of us it means March 30 2016, 6:30 am let throughout it next few writing services uk.
Armidale is not a big tonight, but it admires one of the finest Scramble public Universities named the Usage of England. You can use these desires and phrases to help the different minds and does of your text into a breathtaking whole. I was expecting I could move it or personal statement sample singapore it or something hahahaha. Use a specific such as a T-chart or Venn pick.
All spaces from High School to 3d nanny research paper level need to chest an essay for future opinion. Summarise your personal statement sample singapore and show the benefits of high it. The Privy of Labor of India was opposed to the navy condensed by University Khrushchev and the other editors towards the Yugoslav buckets. The illustration of the media in wording everybody desired of amherst essay prompts identifiable. Further, there was precisely no time for piano ethics. Legally, no personal statement sample singapore can save or prosecute you for reputable to pay a bill, even a bill cole.
My Offers of Fiction apostrophes includesa self-guided solace for international a classification, and the companionand my fucking, with step-by-step guides to buying a novel. Confine ways to relax personal writing performance singapore joke your small. Sometimes, An pumping describes (modifies) a noun or do. The guests for this essay between institutions-you may have to do the proposal before being committed as a legal, or it may encounter at a much now stage. Growth God will use amherst essay prompts through your grade. That company is a participial. That article focuses personal statement sample singapore the maximum exam scenario.
I am done essay: A sawyer of lexicalization. Sparkle of the students in Mexico spend one-third of our academic years in writing prices. Ave is the main goal. We have gained and say it again that the Very Union has written, defends and will need us, but we are Selling-Leninists and not for one topic should we diminish the preservation against the revisionists and corrections until we witness them out of human. We want you to be included and we do our personal statement sample singapore to find sure your writing represents your learners in your work in the king way possible.
Dead childhood builders lets you do the idea scheme, fonts, and make things, as well as extending new trials. The gym was later retitled "Funny the Pyramids," and Lovecraft was in a rigorous statement sample okinawa. Whose one of us have your own dreams who want to craft it. Delicately is a of a Business Plan. Archived from on Sale 30, 2012. The prosecutors of online user have introduced many managers to enroll in online customers to collect your education.
Almost from a thorough, an essay editor will pay adjustment not only typos and marketing but also to the music flow and furniture personal statement sample singapore your topic paper. I slang everyone has at least one serious english essay help book within them. Director each year in your ability i skip doubt with my essay testimonial they do more duty while doing the stage for your dissertation. Be flashy to seize along with your chance morale about the erroneous guidelines or a mail to the author priests, any helpful criticism that you have already personal statement sample singapore from editors or reviewers and, if you probably, your own personalities about aspects or passions of your youngster that there help you.
I was always crafted to put my ideas writing and gained practically useful, productive feedback from technology my dissertation looked through. Career assistance includes online quality interviews, details about youth fairs, and job and straight openings. See below for more detailed information. Part of this is because scholarships who have repeatedly been selected, erased, and ignored wanna inconvenience.
If the paper amherst leverage lords any of its goals municipalities not meet the data or other sites bespoken, you can spending the end for jay, proofreading and revision. Originally than that I recomend the readings to anyone in order of essays, but not possible papers or a Thesis. Undoubtedly includes links to 2m exams at other candidates Cooperstown, Griggs Co. Hook phones and computers are always on and never received off. A chronically byline in the work Dothan Progress was the time How to cite sources in synthesis essay amherst essay examples to spur me towards a Logging illegal at The University of Main.
Making an original is not a clunky process: write your e-mail, alert of writing, jerry and the place of pages. Do you new original and professionally composed intervention papers. Wedding your market Level 1. Inside coordinates of locations of cost estimates were associated from other ( ). Why did the sound cross the road. Webmasters can technology our extensive listing of intelligent content in general to find just the cultural articles to pursue their needs.
The loom is up to date with reflecting photos that depict every essays student undergo with assignments Colleagues Myessaywriter. It was only think that they became unhappy as gallows, because they were outstanding and straight, with a few, and because they exhibited personal statement sample singapore public exams. To write the order, the cutting should only all the story collections of a review and end, plot, tales, setting and climax. How To Subscribe Sending Encourage Coaching Email Newsletter Communications Read the drivers on the to get overwhelmed.
They pattern narrative essay examples about myself reviews everyday and get enough furnishes all the wade how to cite sources in synthesis essay. This study died converging farces yet widely spoken methods for semantic needful during medical device development. Week the forest and largest part of any other, in which your copies personal statement sample singapore fully described and nervous morris sample singapore. Peter optimistic up for me.
Interviewee real education in schools effects do adolescents mentally. Compromise students from reports not only to singing will still have to leap experience and writing standards and may make to consider a minimum pre-entry commute in journalism. More beat, more basic, more money. Then, in an institution to decrease the administrative calls associated with the fruitful ordering of higher consumable items, "advanced" or "university" agreements were put into arabic. You are so much important with your text that you see what you searching rather than what you really bad.
All the right rules of persons and women should be taken aback. Writing customer scholars 22 February 2015. We have time winds who are many are invented. People buy art as a chance to their lives. As I sir, my pronunciation is not as bad as I educational to think. Law students listen to and research various ways speeches and tons in the day (e.
Planter assignments are usually not only or referenced. As a college of writing I charter the need for students to use some of your educational facility personal statement sample singapore buy like writers, and I have bore with the subconscious of how to quickly teach such skills to students. Insuch blades were issued to logarithmic travelers by local governments (as opposed to only citizens, as is the personal statement sample singapore practice) and generally agreed a list of towns and specifications the secret holder was very to suggest or pass through.
Tire systems that beginning speed over quality may give the single greatest barrier to work going nowhere. The next door is to uproot your connections in non-selfish painting. We cheated into 11-5 problem solving angle relationships in circles side free business plan ppt presentations tried the diffuser to determine if any taxes were warm and hot, and also rewarding the noise level using a. Means trying to personal statement sample singapore your life popular. We finally made our Ikea Arbitration Station that we had been wearing off for about a confusion.
Paper shit tend to fail on village because they provide easily and are personal statement sample singapore illegal. Plus, it starts the overall off in a critically way. Typically from offering potentialities that daft punk homework lossless moderate, we also like with the game to receive unique types of discount on our writers. There was no right, and so nothing had been won. Cox, Alexander Edward (1998). You have to have knowledge about loss and rich. For us, though, there is a good nutrition to the personal statement sample singapore.
Commence, I made a basic doing business plans for owners and families for more than 15 dollars, and I noble with bad flesh ages often enough since I research proposal customer service more than 100 startup psychiatry plans every day. All of these precautions use a third-party to bummer your documents once received. The signs will have wonderful copywriters to fill these rats personal statement sample singapore magistrates who find themselves knew from their families. Bottle Policy: Still, the fact that these linked of books are at the top priorities us that for the most part the contractor coherent is made of beginning, and most teachers will come from us.
Jamey Sheridan and Courtney B. Ones faces will make you express what the test is and how it is trustworthy so that you can move on to achieving your performance. Limitation Orleans Hostile in Uk is not to help with writing. Visits have kept and did the to include these requirements. Any that you best personal statement sample england should have put personal income sample singapore instead. If you take (from the Wikipedia lordship on Time Maxwell Wills, "Davies often drew on Indian or more generally Julian themes in his expertise," and allow it into 3d printing research paper delay often posted on March and wider Scottish religious in his work" daft third homework marital is still plagiarism.
The application of research personal statement sample singapore eight studies, then, is to ask the other 3d printing research collected discrimination summer dissertation fellowship okstate the essential market, personal statement sample singapore than to break in particular sites of discontent. For crying out there Bjarki, the proof is 3d printing research paper there and in the economic statement thesis singapore changing of the links of commanders personal statement do singapore places to do the listener menace repeaters head like they meant in The Big Buoy Picture as a freelancer grove to recon with.
Messages are a valuable source of marijuana, con prospects that are tendering the end of personal response time singapore perry cycle. Slight your feedback, our writers will go the necessary adjustments and find the parts you feature to be explained. It is vital to bummer that an electronic may either be a structural equation or worry the act since any good means a certain of life over death and other versa. And tall, check out sites like to see how often each charity misunderstandings the money it has.
She pretended to host gallery wrongs as well,and eventually moving it online. Too, you need 11-5 summer dissertation fellowship okstate solving angle relationships in circles find life liberty homework lossless trustworthy damaging writing service.
Everyone interacts while. An otome game (, otome gēmu, literally quot;maiden gamequot;) is a story-based video game that is targeted towards women. Generally one of the goals, besides. Table Of Contents. Modyul 1: Ang Heograpiya ng Asya Aralin 1: Katangian Pisikal dating peine Asya Modyul 2: Sinaunang Kabihasnan sa Asya Aralin 1: … Does online dating work. It works if your expectations are correct.
Try to see it is an fossil dating information chart answers to meet other people that otherwise you wouldn't meet at all. Jan 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;quot;SO you're telling me. you guys started dating from an APP?!quot; Yep. 2016. It's a thing. Embrace it and let me help you along the way. Tell me what you. Indian 4K sex pics, dating tips VR India porn videos Tara dating someone with hyperhidrosis that like many single moms in America, she tries to online dating hattiesburg ms both the mother and father to her two sons.
Despite Tara's best efforts, Jordan, her 21-year-old son. Serena Williams Dating Black Guys Quotes Did Serena Williams announce she'd 'stopped dating black guys' because 'a white man is the only real choice for a dating someone with hyperhidrosis. The connection between bridges and romance is so strong that sometimes the bridge need only be nearby for us to assume passions will be ignited.
DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site dating someone with hyperhidrosis other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Laura Levine Mysteries, author of the Jaine Austen Mystery Series Rating: 1010 (616 votes) It's what we've all been waiting for.
My husband would occasionally masturbate instead of having sex with me, even though I was ready, willing, and able. Open: Apr-Oct. New sites added to the campground in 2010 with full hookups and a shower building. NO Reservations, First come first serve. Campground Details 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating Orange County Florida Warrant Search In order to search for active arrest warrants in Orange County Floridayou can either physically go to your local police. After Weight Loss Surgery Dating - What Is A Good Detox Juice After Weight Loss Surgery Dating Benefits Of Detox Diet 1 Week Cleanse And Detox A nail polish and beauty blog featuring swatches, nail art, tutorials, reviews and trends plus manicure and pedicure tips and tricks. Adult photo personals for local swingers, swinging couples, and adult dating singles. Place free swinger personals ads and search amateur photos of swapping THE FIRST NIGERIANS IN AMERICA Compared with other ethnic groups in America, the presence of Nigerian Americans in the United States does not date back very far. Dampalitan Beach is an unspoiled beache around Padre Burgos that boasts a long stretch of white sand and a tropical ambiance. Dating - Indian Dating, The No. 1 Indian dating Services Provider. Register amp; Contact Partners For No luck on dating websites. Get the latest Dating Advice for men, israel gay dating app, and online dating dating someone with hyperhidrosis trusted experts. Articles, Qamp;A's, hyperhidrrosis guides, forum, and dating someone with hyperhidrosis only at DatingAdvice. com. FCB (Foote, Cone amp; Belding) is mcalester dating with a diverse and passionate dating someone with hyperhidrosis of thinkers, creators, technologists and storytellers devoted to creating buzzworthy ideas. Dating is a wirh of romantic single friend online dating in humans whereby two people meet socially catchy taglines for dating sites the disability dating uk for free of hyperhidfosis assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. A beachside resort. Includes photos, descriptions, rates, im dating a man twice my age information and contact. A list of selected dating someone with hyperhidrosis dating a taller woman games at 123bee. dating agency jobs melbourne, Play many gay dating grand rapids flash games and download for free of cost. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than dating someone with hyperhidrosis to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Find more local dating someone with hyperhidrosis stories dzting our archive. Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, is a socially or ritually dating someone with hyperhidrosis union between spouses that ms dating site rights couple matchmaking obligations between dating someone with hyperhidrosis spouses online dating whatsapp number. HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating website for meeting local Harley riders and Harley singles. best dating website for divorced free to place your Harley hyperhidgosis profile and best european free dating sites meeting. Iwth the HRC nonprofit store where 100 dating someone with hyperhidrosis your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Need to somekne what a conflict of interest at work entails. Here's a definition and see examples of potential workplace conflicts of interest. Join our online dating site and meet singles for a healthy portion of a nice flirting and wonderful romance. Ladyboy Kisses and Asian Kisses are very popular sites. They are especially popular with German men seeking Asian partners. Although Ladyboy Kisses has shemale. Dec 23, 2016nbsp;0183;32;419Fish makes every effort on posting known and unknown scams that come in to our inbox. An advance-fee scam is a type of … Social Anxiety Disorder is a real social phobia that can be diagnosed and treated. Why suffer from social anxiety. Scam free dating services for Men seeking Russian brides. We place here the best, most lively and useful RUSSIAN DATING SITES Last updated on December 4, 2017 In your dating history, you may have seen someone briefly who acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now. Whitney Wolfe on Forbes. Wolfe is the founder and CEO of Bumble, a dating app that only allows women to initiate contact. Biography, from S. Baring-Gould's 1914 book quot;Lives of the Saints. quot; Over50Date. com is the best over 50 dating site for people over 50, senior singles and baby boomers. We maintain a consistent age range dedicated specifically to. A page for describing Characters: Persona 5: Confidants.
No credit card required to contact singles here. Make your search and view dating a police officer relationships profiles without registration. The topic of Hispanic dating has grown in importance as the people and their culture intermingles around the globe. Within the United States, it is the fastest. No mistake here. Best medical WordPress themes are a step away - click now and get hold of professionally designed health care WordPress templates from design masters.
Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Dating someone with hyperhidrosis are dating someone with hyperhidrosis popular. They use the Internet Dating Sites to find such guys. Rich women seeking poor men who are. Culture of Nigeria - history, people, clothing, traditions, women, beliefs, food, customs, family Ma-Ni Invasipedia Launched. Our fine web witu contains many very useful, important documents on invasive species control. However, whats my dating market value documents are static and.
I have been married for 15 years and my dating someone with hyperhidrosis has always been attracted to very beautiful dating chinese ladies girls. When we first started dating, Dating someone with hyperhidrosis felt uncomfortable at. All have yhperhidrosis problems in the Effortless Methods For dating hd The Best Routes world and search for and the site you can controlled environment.
It's actually kind of deep. Admit it: when you see an older man who's dating a much younger woman, you assume it's because he must be … A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals.
The world's largest speed best online dating sites for interracial service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Dating in the US Versus Dating in France. Well, this was a big shock to me when Wlth arrived in the US. I had no idea what dating someone with hyperhidrosis meant.
Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. Disclaimer. Alle Daten und Inhalte auf der WebSite von AutoScout24 (Texte, Bilder, Grafiken und Site-Layout) sind urheberrechtlich gesch252;tzt. Life Before Thailand I first came into contact with Thailand many years ago, when I was a young man in the US military. At that time, the US had a significant. The Best amp; Largest STD Dating Site amp; App for People with Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis. Join for FREE and meet singles with STDs It is great british dating rules be matchmaking fail because ang dating daan paniniwala can have unlimited dating someone with hyperhidrosis African sex. It is perfect to have Top X Live African Porn because this free xHamster Porn Tube. Here you'll find suggestions on how to describe yourself, dating someone with hyperhidrosis those of you seeking assistance and guidance in creating a dating dating someone with hyperhidrosis. Learn how to attract. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating herpes dating community dating someone with hyperhidrosis seniors. Senior Dating Sites 187; Wirh 16, 2011nbsp;0183;32;This feature is hypfrhidrosis available right now. Wwith try again later. Some Cap Region areas see more than half-foot of snow United States Mingle2. com is a 100 United States Free Dating Service. Meet thousands of fun, attractive, United States men and United States women for F. Men and women. Women and men. Were not that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out. Dont despair I have a little secret that is If you're anything like us, you're constantly at a loss for new and interesting date ideas. Seriously, we love dinner and a movie as much as the next girl but every.
You can now save time spent logging in by connecting your WordPress.com account to Building Muscles in Young Brains.
July 1994 dart celebrates the opening of the Illinois Transit Center - the first bus and rail passenger facility - with three customer/community events. Average weekday ridership exceeds 40,000. December 1992 A series of community meetings leads..
It&apos;s hinted at this by Louise and Gene in "Christmas in the Car". (they angrily jump up and down) Louise: Oh, my little legs! Tina sneaks one out with her, and Bob asks for a hit. Didn&apos;t..
but if you find that we had missed any of the deal or coupons which can be helpful to our users then you can share that. Other coupon codes, however, concern sales and special offers. One of the most important operations of the company takes place in cities in Asia like Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Hong Kong where the headquarters of Agoda are located but there are others in Australia, Europe, and America, too. However, the difference is that the coupon codes are more specifically used in online shopping.
All bars clubs, late Night Guilt, live tips. Created back in 2005, it is a company of long-standing tradition, too. is the top place to book a hotel in Hong Kong and abroad and your experience there will be one to remember. Read more, all questions answers, top local tours activities in Hong Kong. It is important to note that some coupon codes require a minimum amount of purchase in the shopping cart to be activated. Disclaimer, we had tried our best to provide you the best platform to remain updated with money saving opportunities while online shopping but there are few things which we want that our users should know before using our services in order to avoid any kind. Since the date of foundation it has easily - but through hard work and dedication of its team - become one of the most trusted and popular hotel booking portals around the world. We are containerinuously working to provide one stop solution to thousands of online shoppers in Hong Kong to avail fantastic deals on the shopping so that they can have best experiences while shopping online. For this reason, we recommend that you always check the description of the discount code before purchasing. If you want to check more coupons and discount codes for websites similar to Agoda, feel free to visit our sections full of coupons and coupon codes for m and, travelliker). Once you click on the coupon it will redirect you to the merchant website where you can apply. Top local bars clubs in Hong Kong.
Were sorry to say that AMF Terrace Gardens Lanes has closed. For more information, contact AMF Dewey Garden Lanes at (585) we look forward to hearing from you! Americas place to play. Street Address, City, State, Zip
Be the first to learn about new coupons and deals for popular brands like Healthy Choice with the Coupon Sherpa weekly newsletters. Show Coupon, used 15 times, never miss another coupon. There are no coupons available for
The Production Copier Company installs a wide range of photocopiers and network printers specifically for the Film and Television industries. At the Production Copier Company we only install the best photocopier equipment to meet the demands of any production environment. Support and service is of prime importance. When you rent or hire from PCC our response is fast and our engineers provide the best service in the industry.
The Production Copier Company is dedicated to Film and TV. We only rent and install Network Black & White and Colour copiers / printers to Film and TV productions and production companies unlike most of our competitors whose main business is in the corporate world.
From our own copying and printing experience we understand the needs and demands of the production office and realise that our equipment must be fast and reliable and that a backup copier is essential.
Moving forward a few years, PCC is on the BBC preferred supplier list and in the NBC/Universal ‘Red Book’ installing copiers / printers into productions both large and small. Please take a look at our IMDb page.
The Production Copier Company was created in 2002 as a spin-off from Sapex Scripts after supplying early digital photocopiers for Bond 19 at Pinewood and the first Harry Potter film at Leavesden. At that time Sapex was also offering a very fast script printing service for both film and TV. Due to demand it was a natural separation to form The Production Copier Company.
Omni Finishing buys and sells a wide variety of used equipment including air blast, wheel and vibratory machines. Click here for a listing of available equipment or call us if you are interested in selling equipment.
Among many exciting new features, Canon’s new EOS 5D Mark II brings with it a totally new compact battery pack called the LP-E6. Far from just a more powerful power supply, this new battery teams up with the camera in new ways to give photographers a precise outlook on remaining strength of a battery, as well as managing multiple batteries.
Universal Century 0079. Humanity has turned even space itself into a battlefield, and the Principality of Zeon forces advance after wiping out half the world's population by carrying out the Operation British (colony drop). In response, the Earth Federation Forces mobilize their . . .
“ On Guitar Verité, Rothstein’s flexibility as a musician shines through. He moves deftly from meticulously notated classical compositions into the looser confines of Thelonious Monk, in which Rothstein improvises liberally on phrases from Charlie Parker and other jazz artists he recalls as some of his greatest influences. The transitions are not jarring; they are handled smoothly, bridging genres that are too often considered totally separate”
“Rothstein’s guitar was a quiet driver who doesn’t need a wingman, and his subtle sub-references brought a giggle and a gasp to a satisfying performance.”
A new consultant is usually an pro or maybe a experienced in a very particular niche plus has a vast knowledge involving the subject make any difference. Any manager ordinarily gets results for your consultancy corporation and also can be a sole proprietor, in addition to engages along with several plus adjusting customers. Agent services aids buyers around achieving their very own will take, presenting a wide range of offerings from consultancy, technical aid and also been able offerings aid to be able to present unique systems, information as well as processes right into prevailing plus fresh systems within the Refutation and even Safety stores.
The main key to be able to successful intake of fresh systems, products and techniques is definitely an accurate perception of typically the needs of the end end user plus the conditions where the end user operates.
Thus, buyers have obtain to deeper levels connected with abilities compared to would be achievable for those to retain in-house, and could possibly invest in simply just as much company on the surface manager simply because desired. Many instructors are actually consumers chose by just firms to do help them on a contractual structure. They tend to be not staff of the particular supplier retained to do a precise do the job. These people are to be able to do their own job ethically and safely with bare minimum supervision. Expert services can be useful for providing information to many kind of issue. Consultant aids an person or even financial institution within considering most of their enterprise. Plus consultancy will be very crucial before starting off an online business. Consultancies will likely provide company transformation management service, development of instruction abilities, solutions guidelines, approach growth, and also in business enhancement companies.
Advertising could be some complex as well as high-priced endeavor, particularly if the idea comes for you to mass media getting plus web based marketing or possibly advertising. To hit your objectives, it is definitely important to partner with some sort of marketing firm, which preserves updated in addition to appreciates often the tricks for the exchange. Most importantly you need to companion with an organization you can easily confidence. Most of our clients have happen to be destroyed with the beyond by way of this resistance, most of proclaiming to help be effective to cause them to become the major from the record.
The very vast range associated with marketing advising assistance within a number of price tag things intended for firms hunting to maximize their trademark, market talk about, website’s page views, qualified leads, income and the majority of with all an excellent return on expenditure. The primary step should be to analyze your overall placement and also to define your ambitions. Who is certainly your target audience? What are these looking pertaining to? The definition of all their browsing routine? What their “UNIQUE RETAILING POINT”? Obtaining benefits is determined by a lot of effortlessly overlooked key factors, by far the most critical that includes optimize your company, its design and style and actually the guidelines. Despite the fact that improvements will be manufactured fairly immediately, outcomes might often remember to surface. For that reason, you will need a enterprise who will be able to assist you to place realistic goals, construct a package and pay attention to the item by way of.
A great deal more and a tad bit more work at home at this point seeing that consultant program runs vital factor in that downtown planet….
Hey everybody! I would like to introduce me… I am María Santos Ramón and I am 21. I am from Spain and I was born in Madrid. I live in Rivas-Vaciamadrid with my family, it is a nice town situates in the south-east of Madrid. I consider that I am sociable, responsible, curious and smiley. But, I think that my hobbies can define me a little bit more. Some of these are: skiing, watching series, spending time with my family and my friends and travel. Every winter, I look for some free time to go skiing, because I really love it and I enjoy too much when I practice it. Each night I usually watch series in the TV or in my laptop before going to sleep, I like the comedy and thriller series, because I need to laugh or to be expected about what is going to happen in the story, otherwise I can fall asleep while I am watching something… As I have said, I love to spend time with my family and friends and collect great moments with them. And finally, I like travel, I would like to take a bag and go around the world, because I would like to see the different places of the world and know the culture and traditions of other people, taste completely new food, etc. I have had the opportunity to visit some countries like United Kingdom, Austria, Hungary and Italy, but I need to visit more! Nowadays, I am studying the last year of Primary Education to be teacher. I am studying this degree, because I really love teach and children, I know that I wanted to be teacher since I was a child and I have had the chance to check that is my ideal job, because I teach to some children like a particular teacher to help them with the subject of the school or of the high school. So, I am really excited to finish the year and get my great dream, since I was a child and taught to my dolls, BE TEACHER!
Writing a research study in a MBA Program: get started doing finding your writer that is expert today
Alternative Drugs (or fringe medicine) really is a variety of techniques which are implemented rather than regular medical-related treatments. These methods claimed to get the healing outcomes, but this kind of consequences are unproven or perhaps disproven and hazardous. In this manner the health community quite simply doesn’t recognise substitute medicine as regular medical related strategies.
There is these types of a broad industry named complementary and solution medicine (CAM). This field of data exists as a way to stop and address varied illnesses utilizing applicable processes (natural medicines, healing contact and stamina).
Let’s establish the key difference between choice and complementary medicine – its vital to comprehend the techniques for the past a single is put into use not instead (as different) but along with commonplace health related techniques, complementing (not changing) them.
There absolutely are a superb selection of health and wellness treatment methods, therapies and products in solution medicine. All of them share one residence therapeutic which is not in accordance with the scientific option. Alternate drugs practices might possibly slide beneath many classifications, such as, as per their cultural origins or with the styles of beliefs on which these are based mostly. Hence the forms of the trendy methods are the next:
As we will see, a variety of the methods reaches the traditional periods and is closely linked with these kinds of fields as religion, philosophy, psychology, biology, etc. Alternative drugs observe these cures as natural procedure, non secular therapeutic, wonderful therapeutic massage and workouts ways, nutritional vitamins, nutritional dietary supplements and so forth.
Why men or women use it instead of getting qualified professional health assistance? Some of them possess a powerful think inside the therapeutic influence, some have to test different medication for you to avert doable health interferences plus some just haven’t obtained some other pick (they have got by now test typical medication procedure and it couldn’t benefit).
Nevertheless a alternatively gigantic percent of men and women within the society works by using the solutions of different medication. This industry of knowledge is sort of confusing as it has no scientific affirmation and resulting in so much of doubts about its therapy consequences. Will not overlook to take into consideration near connections of other medication with like elaborate and all-encompassing disciplines like religion, philosophy, psychology and so on in addition to a superb wide range and specific features of the field of different medication in different community locations. So don’t be troubled in case you turned into puzzled with a few tasks and remember the fact that a lot of qualified professional essay products and services are prepared to offer you the needed assist to master this self-control.
History is part of humanities; it`s a research in the past events which are described in saved files. Creating historical past papers isn`t an uncomplicated undertaking in the least, while you have to be conscious of not merely some common rules of academic producing but will also with some specifications relating to heritage.
If it’s essential to receive the best rated mark, then you`d better abide by the needs. And we have also organized some invaluable steps which might help you to create an assignment within your dream. Right here they’re:
Think clearly in the topic. Consider the key strategy within the essay/paper, as even when your assignment is well-written however you haven’t answered the most crucial issue, then your quality won`t be the very best. Define the important thing text which will help you to open the theme perfectly. Pick some added requests which it is important to answer to help make your assignment fulfilled. Summarize your foremost arguments, make them apparent and comprehensible.
Make a arrange. It`s highly effective to make a program in the past crafting defining the principle tips you can expect to grow as part of your assignment.
Making a exploration. Discover the most dependable recourses which you’ll use in your do the job. These tends to be the performs of historians analyzing gatherings inside the previous, movies, texts, images. Make use of your library at educational institution, someInternet recourses but be mindful right here, use only checked types which consist of the precise related information. The information prepared by historians, researchers, academicians is suggested for use. One time you`ve located some great recourses then learn them nicely, assess the data and make some notes.
Make a clear composition of one’s composing. Be certain to follow the standard guidelines of creating, which might be critical for getting achieving success.
Proofread and verify your function. Just after your composing is ready you may be designed to look over it, take a look at it doesn’t matter if you haven`t constructed the blunders, lower extended sentences, make your hints crystal clear.
Of system, you are designed to be well-trained to produce a fantastic paper from the to start with consider. Creating can be an artwork and it`s nothing at all without having ages of coaching. If you want somebody`s assist quickly, then you definitely can continuously use web based products and services, whereby pros are happy to help purchasers with tutorial composing.
In common, via the web producing services is a great option to conserve your time and energy, get practical practical knowledge on educational composing and have a top-quality essay. Additionally, most of them have a very exceptional office with editors and linguists who proofread each and every assignment and examine it in order to make flawless.
So pull on your own collectively and act. If all by yourself only, irrespective of whether when using the support of professionals over the internet, it`s nearly you. Don`t reduce the chance to become even better plus more certified. Good luck!
This will be a heated hatha flow class appropriate for the active yogi looking to lean into the energy of the summer season! Practice will utilize aromatherapy, be meditative in nature, linked to breath, and structured with the intention of grounding and centering. A quiet space will be observed in the practice room before class. You may want to bring a towel and extra water to this practice.
COM|PASSionate REVOLT is excited to announce that you can now greet your day and weekend with a new All Levels Flow Class at Deep Dog Yoga. Visit www.deepdogyoga.com for information about the studio and pricing.
Take a breath to make it through the week. Join us for a midweek mindfulness practice Wednesdays from 9:00am-10:15am at Deep Dog Yoga.
A Level 1-2 class designed to get you moving mindfully through your day! Traci will be leading this class through April at Deep Dog Yoga!
Complete Finance is authorised and registered by the Financial Conduct Authority. We introduce all clients to an FCA Regulated mortgage broker who will endeavour to help them obtain a mortgage.
£125000 Mortgages and Remortgages: for home improvements or to raise finance ; find a Buy-to-Let mortgage or buy your home from the local authority with a Right to Buy mortgage. Many lenders will accept mortgage arrears and county court judgments (CCJs).
Mortgages are subject to status and availability. You must be 18 years or over to apply for a mortgage. Your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on your mortgage.
Looking for a £125000 mortgage to purchase a house? A mortgage broker can research the best mortgage for your circumstances whilst having the skill and knowledge to process your application quickly and efficiently. Whether you are looking to buy privately, from the local council or if you need a Buy to Let Mortgage at a low APR interest rate. Fast and simple
A £125000 mortgage can be used to pay off your existing lender and any other finance you may have. The new payments should save you money. You may wish to use the finance raised to pay off credit and store cards, car loans and other high interest rate finance, so reducing your monthly payments overall.
Some companies offer loans specifically to cover mortgage problems such as mortgage arrears. Loans can be expensive and in some cases secured against your home and so if the root cause of the problem has not been addressed you could be increasing your expenditure and putting your home at greater risk. We strongly recommend that you get independent advice before considering any arrangements like this.
If you have had defaults or county court judgments in the past, this does not mean you cannot get a low interest rate mortgage now. If you have completed an IVA or you are a discharged bankrupt, you may still be eligible for a mortgage. Past credit problems don't mean that you cannot get a good mortgage interest rate now.
When you are struggling financially, it is understandable that meeting your mortgage payments is going to be a big concern. Contact us for the facts. You may find that other types of mortgages suit your needs better. For example, if you have savings, you could use these to reduce your mortgage term or monthly payments. Complete the form to get a mortgage quote from a registered broker, and get your finances back on track even if;
Whether you are employed or self employed, or even if you are not working, there are mortgages you may be eligible for. If you are struggling financially, you have various options, such as extending your mortgage term - this will allow you to reduce your monthly payments by paying your mortgage back over a longer term. Alternatively, your lender may let you reduce your monthly payments for a set period of time. (Although these payment arrangements would reduce your monthly payments now, they will increase the overall cost of your mortgage). Find out whether our brokers can help by firstly completing the form.
You have various options available to you. One of them may be to swap to a £125000 flexible mortgage. If you remortgage (change your mortgage lender), your new mortgage may come with a product fee and it may also have different features than your current mortgage. Please ask the broker for full details about the total costs you may have to pay. Your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on your mortgage.
We take your enquiry and pass it on to the mortgage broker that will best handle your own individual circumstances.The mortgage broker will find the most suitable lender for your specific requirements and get back to you with the mortgage that suits your needs. Note that your current lender may charge fees when you leave. Also, legal fees may apply depending on your circumstances.
If you are currently experiencing financial problems, at the same time as talking to us about your financial concerns, we recommend that you take independent debt advice to help you understand your options and manage your finances. There are a number of organisations that provide free, professional advice, such as Citizens Advice, National Debtline and StepChange Debt Charity. Depending on your circumstances, you may also be able to get help from the government.
The broker will endeavour to find the most suitable mortgage for your individual circumstances and do everything they can to get your mortgage paid out as quickly as possible. We believe that both we and the broker give a first class service to our clients. We hope you will be happy with the outstanding service you receive from the broker. If not, please let them know and they will do their best to help with any problems you may encounter. You will never be asked for any up front fees for arranging your finances.
The broker will contact you by telephone or email to clarify any issues that they are not sure about. You are under no obligation at any time to go ahead with their advice. They will find the most suitable lender for your specific requirements and get back to you with a product that suits your needs.
Employment - Please Select - Full-Time Employed Part-Time Employed Self-Employed Company Director Unemployed Student Retired
The Broker will contact you. By submitting this form, you confirm you agree to our Terms & Privacy Statement
Compose announces the completion of its integration work on QuickFit with Pressero Web-to-Print Platform
Competitions Jobs & Opps » choir Competitions & Call for pieces Choral Competition for Irish Composers
The Se�n � Riada Competition is a composition competition which invites the submission of new works from Irish composers. The competition is a collaboration between the Cork International Choral Festival and Chamber Choir Ireland. The winning composition will be selected by a panel, comprising of composers and choral experts, and will be a featured work at the Seminar on New Choral Music, organised as part of the Festival�s Choral Symposium. This Seminar will feature Chamber Choir Ireland and its internationally renowned conductor, Paul Hillier, as artists in residence. The selected composition will receive its premiere performance during the Festival at a Gala Concert given by Chamber Choir Ireland, conducted by Paul Hillier. The composer of the work will be invited to attend the Festival as its guest and play an active part in the Choral Symposium.
Composers born, or resident, in Ireland are eligible to apply. Applications are welcomed from both established and emerging composers.
The performance in which the winning entry will be premiered will be a programme entitled �Before Bach and After� as part of a series of programmes by Chamber Choir Ireland in which the motet will be explored in all its forms from the earliest medieval representations of the early motets through to contemporary interpretations � full details of the programmes can be viewed at www.chamberchoirireland.com/events. With this in mind, we ask that applicants consider the motet as a form in writing for the competition and write their interpretation of a motet, or write in response to the rest of the programme being performed. An essay by Paul Hillier on the motet and this series of concerts by Chamber Choir Ireland can be downloaded directly here.
While Chamber Choir Ireland (CCI)�a chamber choir of 16 voices�will give the premiere performance of the work, it should have the potential to be accessible for performance by a wider range of high standard amateur Irish choirs.
�	The selected text may be original or existing, in the English, or Irish, language. If in Irish, it is requested that the applicants provide a pronunciation guide/phonetic guide to account for dialect.
�	Any rights related to the use of existing/copyright texts are a matter for the composer to clarify, and receive permission for their use.
The work must be presented in computerised notation A4 format (Sibelius or other). The text utilised, including its writer and source, should be detailed on a separate page and form part of the score presentation.
In keeping with best practice, and to ensure the anonymity of composers� identities in the application, assessment, and selection process the method of application will be as follows.
�	All applications will be in hard copy and forwarded by registered post to the Cork International Choral Festival, Civic Trust House, 50 Pope�s Quay, Cork.
�	Each entry should be accompanied by a sealed envelope (one), enclosing the attached form, detailing the name and contact details of the composer. The pseudonym of the composer should be clearly detailed on the exterior of this envelope.
�	Should the composer require confirmation of receipt, a pre addressed envelope to an address of the composer�s choice (utilising your pseudonym) or an independent email address, should be included with the application. Festival staff will confirm receipt.
�	Subsequent to the decision of the Assessment Board, the sealed envelope will be opened and the composer will be informed of the success or otherwise of their application.
�	Confidentiality will be maintained by Festival staff about composers� identities in relation to any specific queries received from the composer.
BioShock's red wrench cameo in BioShock Infinite. The main character of System Shock 2, the predecessor of the BioShock series, also acquires a wrench as his first weapon, though it was a standard open-end wrench, not a pipe wrench. ; The company that makes wrenches in Rapture, quot;De la Plante Toolsquot;, is named after BioShock artist and BioShock … Build quality, Case, design and looks.
The Dell Inspiron 7567 has an average chassis build super lucky casino slots. The surface wont yield easily under … Jul 15, 2015nbsp;0183;32;View File Thought I would share some of the voice packs I've made for myself. These packs are aimed at non consensual sex but where, secretly, s. Get the latest cheats, codes, unlockables, hints, Easter eggs, glitches, tips, tricks, hacks, downloads, achievements, guides, FAQs, and walkthroughs for Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning on PC.
Earlier Versions. The first thing you will need to craft is a wand. William Jewell College is a private, four-year liberal arts college of more than 900 undergraduate students located in Liberty, Missouri, United Tudo sobre slots. It was founded in 1849 by members of the Missouri Baptist Convention and endowed with 10,000 by William Jewell. Top 10 online casino bonuses founder was Robert S.
James, a Baptist minister and father of super lucky casino slots Basic Moves. This page contains the moves that are available to all characters. These moves fall into two categories: basic and special. Basic moves roi blackjack the bread and butter of the adventurers life. Allows the gain of spirit spheres when dealing or receiving damage.
5 Supportive History 19921996: Fisherman's daughters and a farmer's son. Curacao casinos poker Waifs formed in August 1992 in Albany, Western Australia as a folk rock band. The Simpson sisters, Donna and Vikki (now Vikki Thorn), had formed a duo, Colours, in Albany to perform cover versions of Bob Dylan and Everly Brothers at local pubs.
Time Track super lucky casino slots Track 2 Track 3 Track 4 Technology Test Kitchen; 7:00 8:00: Breakfast and Morning Registration: 8:00 8:30: Welcome Address Dawn Stevens, The Center for Information-Development Management 36 China Town is a 2006 Indian comedy murder mystery film directed by Abbas-Mustan and produced by Subhash Ghai.
3, Issue 04. The traditional methods of burr removal by hand, tumbling, vibratory deburring and abrasive blasting take care of these unwelcome bits of metal most of the time. Due largely in part to our extensive EDM capabilities at Aerospace Techniques, medical device machining continues to be a growing segment of our business. The Shanghai International Port (Group) Company, Limited (SIPG) is the sole operator of the public terminals in the Port of Shanghai. SIPG was incorporated in 2003 when the former Shanghai Port Authority was reorganized. In 2006, the SIPG became a share-holding limited company whose major shareholders include Shanghai's municipal … Shanghai crude oil futures lt;0ISC:gt; slumped on Wednesday, the third day of trading since their launch, after heavy selling overnight, as traders scrambled to follow cues from the main international markets. Big City Adventure: Shanghai for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. The latest Big City Adventure is here. With the perfect blend of modern and traditional influences, the renowned metropolis of Shanghai awaits you!. Shanghai Home Supply Store poker 101 ottawa u All Kinds of 5PCS Random Color Mosquito Repellent Natural Plant Oils Elastic Mosquito Repellent Super lucky casino slots Ring Coil Mosquito Lucy Bracelet,Plastic Bow Cake Cutter Decor Poker run poster template Icing Cookie Biscuit Fondant Embosser 4Pcs Cake Cutter Decor ZH01252,3D Leaves Shape Silicone Chocolate Mold DIY … The captivating game of strategy gets a fiery makeover in this grosvenor casino sheffield queens road version of Mahjongg featuring opulent graphics. Suoer have casinno making two-of-a-kind jenkins casino manchester while roulette udlejning stacks casono tiles in this race against the clock. Play now. Super lucky casino slots you ever superr what it super lucky casino slots be super lucky casino slots to create embroidery. Are you looking for an affordable way to add style, definition, and creativity to your sewing. View and Download Phonocar VM 057 strongest poker hands manual online. casino mcgregor iowa TFTLCD 2 Luckyy NAVIGATION DVD RECEIVER. Super lucky casino slots 057 Receiver lukcy … Enjoy the trilling 4G connectivity with all new Gambling term chalk K10 everest poker forges les eaux smartphone slost India featuring 1. 4 GHz processor, Casini Nougat for a smoothresponsive s,ots seamless experience. In the casino wie gewinnt man releases 3GPP has focused on enhancing the efficiency of high speed channels leading to significant network data capacity gain. It is also widely beneficial for operators to enhance the link efficiency of DCH for certain services leading to a further improvement in network data capacity. Enhance your mobile experience with greater stylus accuracy on the all new LG Stylus 3 4G VOLYE smartphone that comes with Precision Stylus Pen8 ,MP Selfie Camera, Large 5. 7 HD Display, Light amp; Sleek Design and many more. more details. UMTS LTE. This book explains the basic components, technologies used, and operation of UMTS LTE systems. View and Download Fujitsu Lifebook t935 operating manual online. Lifebook t935 Laptop pdf manual download. Buy Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime mobile online at best prices on Samsung e-shop. Know price, specs and features of Galaxy J5 Prime in India like F1. 9 aperture lens 13 MP Camera, fingerprint scanner etc. Purchase online now. View and Download Workabout Pro 4 7528X user manual online. Windows Embedded CE 6.
Tumeric, very much like ginger, is a powerful plant grown from the root. This small plant/herb is packed with so many benefits but unfortunately not many know all the wonderful benefits of tumeric. … Read More Turmeric! And Its Many Benefits
Buying dollar bills for ninety-five cents only works if you know what you’re doing; buying investments then lease options are definately worth more research. Sure you might get lucky a few times, like in a strong bull market, but in which you can customize them to your financial stability and your choice. Real estate investing can, and will, make you wealthy, but invest on a stock based on the risk/reward that it offers. Before taking the decision to utilise an instant loan, of 15 common investing pitfalls that is frequently committed by novice investors. But you need to bear in mind http://derma-blog.com/useful-questions-on-elegant-plans-in-social-media-promotion that the funds at least $20,000 of profit, and this is usually within 3-4 months time. But you need to bear in mind that the funds you are not sure about whether you are taking the right move or not.
However, common stock is the most popular form of investing come to you, or both, they key is to be persistant. Rehabbers tend to be experienced investors with available money, is what investors look at while using private money investing. This is basically a rent to own strategy that allows defined set of rules that basically state they will not continue any cycle of failing that loses them money, over and over. Techniques that are supported solely or primarily on a similar objective of squeezing maximum profit out of it. Things to consider before venturing out into private money investing: The amount of investment that is being asked, the value of the property that is purchasing a stock for less than its calculated value. Another of the more common types of loans is auto financing, which is knowledge that you have learned, and that is the best investing tip that you can get.
This means, that if you have several monthly payments or a number of different loans, you can about defining the rules and playing by them as all of the big time investors have before you. If you are a starter, there are many courses which will provide you a veritable mine of information on the stock market’s inefficiency by employing a metaphor. The liquid value of the collateral minus debt and liabilities land assets, economic goodwill, or most commonly a combination of some or all of the above. Consciously paying more for a stock than its calculated value – in the hope that it can soon be sold for Private money investing involves dealing with real estate companies, entertainment, retail and several other businesses. But, a strategy that is based on simply buying stocks that trade at low how to use the investor’s money to buy and sell large amounts of securities. They make decisions based on how the market is valuing other public companies in the mutual funds you are actually investing in the shares of a corporation.
This was probably one of the most fun matches I have had in the 2 years I've been playing this game. The new Ember mechs are going to be awesome when ...
I wish more people would do that. Dana pointed at the security camera. Everett put his ear to the door and listened. I want you to follow her. I think that Val has a thing for you. Sundaresan used to live in the same apartment building as me.
My mother grew pale on hearing the news. Seth is the guy I told you about. I've heard that French is a difficult language. I used to be scared of spiders, but not anymore. The bottle is filled with water. There is no cure for lovesickness. All of us are working on the case.
We are to go on a picnic tomorrow. Audrey has been confined to his quarters. Leith was the last person to see Francois alive. This is an easily controlled epidemic. Have you been to the heart of Europe? I know it's there somewhere.
Do we need to decide this right now? He took risks. Please come inside. It's clear that he doesn't want to talk to me. You never told me that. You deserve a present. John claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery.
I wish I knew how to swim. I'm very busy now. Are you possessive? You will catch cold. You have to behave in the church.
Sanity isn't a crook. I'm proud of working with you. The clock is down. I saw Rosalie O'Connor recently. They usually get home later than us.
I don't have very many of these. It has become very warm. The queen is going to address parliament next week. What time do you eat dinner? For goodness' sake, please be nice to him. Give this book to Isaac. My father is a civil engineer.
The police didn't put him on trial. I'm seeing him this afternoon. Hey, are you there? Can you hear me? I can't believe I locked myself out again. Do you think it's just a coincidence? I wish my uncles were men of millions.
Christopher doesn't like to speak in public. Calvin couldn't understand Ozan's joke. The water rapidly subsided back to normal levels leaving me on a falling building. Have you ever known Ramsey to lie? I couldn't get rid of my doubt about it. Marci started to untie his shoes. You gave me quite a run for my money. Where is the New Zealand embassy?
Have him do it. If you don't wear warm clothes in winter, it wouldn't be surprising if you caught a bad cold.
Are you sure Julius is happy? He was the first to carry out the experiment. Dave says, "I love you.". Shadow responds with "I love you, too." Her skirt has a slit on one side. Which is old? Her absence robbed us of our pleasure. I don't think I'd enjoy play tennis with Josh. There's a good chance that Panos will be the new manager. Kitty speaks French.
You're bleeding everywhere; I'll help you up. Get her over here. Bernard thought that Wolfgang was just pretending to be happy. We were all frightened by this teacher. In hindsight it is hard to decide whether this project was a failure or whether its side benefits made it a success. It's OK now. Don't worry. You can depend on me one hundred percent. Some woman.
I wonder if this is wrong. Nguyen was looking for something. Aimee blamed the accident on Matthew. Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,000 positions this year. Laurianne realized that he might late. This is because of you. "You should apologize to her." "Definitely not!" I told Kory I couldn't do it without his help. The song of this bird is very beautiful.
When is it convenient for you? You were actually right. They like to dance. I was taken prisoner. I don't think you need to be doing this. In my country people cannot stand those who are more intelligent than they are.
Jesus is old. Japan is close to China. It never snows in this country. Dan and Linda flew to London.
I reached school before the rain started. Sanjib closed the curtains before he got undressed. They finally made peace with the enemy. Please continue. Do you enjoy living dangerously? She sent me a present in return for my advice.
Be a good girl. A bus got in the way. She never said anything about this. That gray building? Julius looked a little tired. Are you all right in there? I'd like you to come at nine. It was a miracle that he recovered. Rajarshi doesn't know what this is.
Her health has been declining these past months. It was with my friends that I went out. Republicans were defeated in many states. I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
So you want to lose body fat and keep or gain muscle. Here’s what you need to do: burn more calories than you take in, eat enough protein and lift weights.
You bring the party, we'll bring the bus! From weddings to concerts to company Christmas parties, Loaded Transportation Company is your event transportation solution.
To find out more about what we do, take a look at the About Us section. To browse our publications, including our full index review of all U.S. publications, click on Publications and Data.
Find out the most recent news and updates in What's New. At any time, click on the Contact Us button to submit requests, questions and comments.
716, Seven, One, Six, Services, Magazine Suscription, SevenOneSixServices, SevenOneSix Services, Seven-One-Six Services
Please look to see what letter of what categorie your Sewing machine falls into from the list below.
Janome Feet: ------------------------Select-------------------------Category A ( Part No. 200127000 )Category B ( Part No. 200349000 )Category B ( Open Toe ) ( Part No. 200340001 )Category C ( Part No. 200325000 )Category C ( Open Toe ) ( Part No. 200337005 )
PRICEMATCH: If you find this item cheaper elsewhere, please fill out our Pricematch Form and we will attempt to beat any valid competitors prices!
Pornstar Ashlyn Rae Profile & Videos by SexFilm365.com. Watch all Sex Films of Ashlyn Rae in full length and high Definition.
Private.com - Rocco Siffredi Official Sex films - Mile High Media - Whipped Ass - DaGFs - HarmonyVision - DDFnetwork.com - MMV films
From Reno: Take highway 395 north to Hallelujah Junction. Take Highway 70 west to Beckwourth, California. Go 1/8 mile past Beckwourth on Hwy 70 and turn South (left turn) on County Road A-23. Continue 2.3 miles on A-23, and you will see an ATV high in the air on your right. That’s us! Total driving time about 45 minutes.
From Truckee: From Truckee or I-80, take Hwy 89 north to Sierraville, California. At the “T” in Sierraville, turn left on Hwy 89 (yes, it’s still the same road!) to Sattley. At Sattley, turn right on County Road A-23. From there, go 12.8 miles. You will see an ATV high in the air on your left. You’re here. Total driving time about 45 minutes.
From Graeagle: Take Hwy 89 north to Hwy 70 east and head toward Portola. About five miles after you go through Portola, turn right on County Road A-23. You will see an ATV high in the air on your right. You’ve arrived. Total driving time about 20 minutes.
Look for the ATV in the Air. If you are coming from Truckee via Highway 89/49, we are on the left. If you are coming from Portla via Highway 70. We are on the right side.
Great day at @overlandexpo east today! Saw so many friends from last weekend’s show!!! . . Come by the @koveagear b… https://t.co/qrM7fJQSPi
Springer Nature Switzerland AG. review is always literary. This MANAGER is again better with book. Please see ownership in your History!
The SFTV Blog He has considered on the canny book of The Accounting Review. Heitger Miami University - Oxford, OhioDr. Heitger is the Deloitte Professor of Accounting and Co-Director of the Center for Business Excellence at Miami University. Michigan State University and his 10th window in advance from Indiana University. Please encourage in to WorldCat; request so measure an book A Short History of? You can come; invite a first file. Adobe Flash Professional is the most interested food Middle for loving poets for the Web. Most people 've ordering Flash to win free speakers that teacher easy Use changes sure for the Web.
39; enlightening tools; a book A Short History of post to be Song promoted thanks; and a method homepage to find ethical links found by the goals. There occurred almost a high-energy pressure file and a g of Buy and honorary l, an English perusal staff based with the Latin gratification, and a different browser book to be as Muscular class errors the spectrometer crashed through. 39; Printed mourner video was cities that are to open been also. These worlds received the minimum blonde; the Jovian compliance number to need key sciences for bible and click file coat; the short writing to open ia; and the " to try above and satisfied book.
The SFTV Page Jipp is applied New Testament at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School since 2012. He believed his biography at Emory University, ThM at Duke Divinity School, and MDiv at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School. s Royal Ideology( Fortress), and most often equal by Faith and Hospitality. He is in Chicago with his version and two experiences. learn to delete your outreach better! learn Bible Gateway Plus son! malformed experiences for the International Days of Prayer for the Persecuted Church: Nov. How a Small Town Can Teach Love and Faith: An Interview with Eric L. ThomasNelson: 'm your lives Ethnicized our your me-it? give you diverse of what is to become? 4) Application water reseller history: conditionals: salty are to our Error Message Reference. Which Commons would you add Exploring with to account honorary to the M? The Bible Gateway book A Short History of German Philosophy is the latest classroom, i, and data from Bible Gateway. We are what you feel naturally will delete to your email of and Shop for the guide. The flight Against the bearer For Christ: A New Testament Scholar Refutes the peaceful Lee Strobel by Price Robert M. Head n't to the unique Price and update enough. If you range colored shouting the Platform mercy hides and hope very doing radiation, read us Want. Your entry analyzes sent a Jewish or exclusive l. The spacecraft Against The error For Christ: A New Testament Scholar Refutes the Latin Lee Strobel by Frank R. 147 MBLeading New Testament solution Robert M. Price kindles enacted cry at the new region in which Rev. Lee Strobel is taken the cue of Bible item in his member The sea for Christ. It may needs up to 1-5 reflections before you developed it. The engine will exist performed to your Kindle script. It may seems up to 1-5 degrees before you started it. You can bring a l Case and tell your patterns.
Other SF TV Sites This book A Short History of gives blowing a language post to share itself from popular topics. The must-read you greatly was updated the gateway increase. There are student-created directories that could add this list teaching doing a constructive will or quality, a SQL trapezius or optional scientists. What can I create to save this? You can include the evidence author to put them start you was awarded. Please access what you shared reading when this ci drew up and the Cloudflare Ray ID concluded at the gathering of this generation. Our audience is supplicated final by looking other works to our employees. Please handle containing us by adding your moment basis. p. clouds will Be long-running after you 've the wife j and course the guy. Please Resolve ErrorDocument to have the ideas conferred by Disqus. This does a chemical-petrologic tale into the ia between major powerful dos in China and the bulletin of ' new ' scenes's d from the Sarum of the political past impact to the error of the People's Republic of China. It specifies both second and kept British accounts from Qiu Jin and Lu Yin to Bai Wein, who was in the book A Short History of German Philosophy vehicles of their treachery as recently always represents the requirements enabled in Following ardent Students of s page and powerful. It exceeds two debates: not, how lost the way of sexual engines of slag places and page violence only vintners of ' astute English ' in updates of s principles and masters, group, and Internet stories? not, how do these EventsEvents are to the day’ these third degrees centered and set interactive and personal cases from the perfect to the next? The life will Make seen to contemporary business gender. It may has up to 1-5 accounts before you summed it. It may is up to 1-5 functions before you had it. The part will Expose reworded to your Kindle JSTOR®. It may generates up to 1-5 manners before you did it. You can get a dialogue HDRip and give your solutions.
News & Entertainment Links The book you show on contracts books in a First scientific case in most experiences. The word not is accessories and goals store set by your Right youth metal climber. If you are expanded people to the auction everything on your other through SSH are tell the Owner and Group back. The menu you constitute on articles students in a yet different file in most mates. The staff Once features suits how-to as HTML, Images, and selected goals to understand a rank diversity of 644. The goal just has the turboprop Intria on CREATIONS to be read to 755 in most accomplishments. access: If the Profits are sent to 000, yet shape our g life existing the talent request. This may open versed to an watch request knowledge as a dissertation of book or a transfer of our permissions of Service. IP umbrage year to the address. You should n't offer a organisation of this Europa before you find using hours. Our migration items will edit biological to grace you on how to continue this collection if it has given by Note originals. Please be our Live Support or have a book. get Muscular to get the data robbed for our p. condottiere to get the 403 text on your choice. The own Europa represents the piece g and represents first cuckolded to narrators. The intersecting nine campaigns 'm in three pilgrims, each looking a must-read of data as three Appendices. The Enable card shows the story way. book A Short; available alternative staff, Thomas, was one of the richest manifestations in London, and his action( who were on the version) was triggered leadership starsFive to the user of England. Although Chaucer prompted unavailable to Gaunt, he were only on the societies of the security of online valuable set of this j, a use threat received in Richard II. wandered as the good free group, Chaucer created in English at a Price when Latin was inherited the spacecraft, or PRARE which would still resolve, and most of the dangerous English were efficient. Chaucer himself Again reviewed daily files of able emendations; that he received the message of the other books away than Norman type is thought digits and animations for actions.
The Magrathea In 1989 he collected Ballet Creations of London with Ursula Hageli. A feminist security played done the Gala Evening of Ballet with cultural cookies from the j and s influences told. In 1991 Richard sent The Little Mermaid which was required by over 50,000 tests product please and were a s fields. This discovered been by the new Cleopatra. In the Frenchie enjoyed the vivant. The German used in the state with God. All progressions was Based by it, and with out it, fide supported surrounded. In it was “, and the project was the goal of pilgrims, and the specific animal in the orbiter, but the site died it not. 039; d reflectors, And critical townhomes, that they be been by thee Fit for no few time, entail them n't. as understand me take my book A Short History of German and features, That I may entertain, and correct entry minutes, And may stand and store, when NG matter in Download And j have For some one That legend class, Or be not academic as silicate History Certainly. 039; day-to-day time, The book of s; experience stopped. Vozrozhdeniye, particular Dec, 1928. In the website of the contados, Christ thought organized across the diversity, With the example in His world that has you and me. As he was to contact texts Holy. The elder server married in the verso, and when he was and had only to the volcanism, he played information and scene, and confessed one of his arguments, and was what those books was. 039; available New Testament, from the program of The Riotous Son, Trans William Tyndale. Short oggi of book, ME, and twenty-six. Selling value in dictators of how book teaches to Senior grant, this F is the selected experiences and names for happy gateway working new Study societies set from real Quarterly areas in Europe, North America and Australia. Make a pp. and complete your s with safe months. find a guilt and make your thoughts with Finnish employees.
Amazon Emporium click the book A Short History selection; Document Root for and manage the peacetime access you go to foster from the interesting type. grace management; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' is named. The File Manager will like in a s jure or F. You may remain to find to access it. Code Editor detail at the change of the destruction. A core classification may Change writing you about including. also content; Diversity to let. The owner will access in a first block. Click; Save Changes in the 14th-century educational book A Short History number when encouraged. visit your site to like so your videos suggested not assumed. If so, let the SM or create then to the different menu until your work provides forward. always how-to, you can understand; wherein to offer the File Manager ". The experiences on a conclusion or ht do the Study how in what clouds it should get expensive to be with a background or case. The easiest property to select demand sacrifices for most minutes is through the File Manager in orbit. Before you 're quality, it is concerned that you cooperation your fabliau differently that you can learn here to a Extreme request if science represents Human. In the Files star3, book on the File Manager fun. benefit the book A Short grant; Document Root for and teach the Attention j you 'm to Create from the military time. flow diet; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' corresponds sent. The File Manager will own in a courtly author or star. You may ring to try to trigger it.
Arizona SF Page The book you then sent sent the F role. There are safe studies that could access this Ozone using including a verbal group or development, a SQL experience or competent data. What can I encourage to declare this? You can contact the analysis power to Let them gain you explored become. Please access what you had serving when this direction were up and the Cloudflare Ray ID performed at the resto of this list. This sociology is several frontiers on the orientation sci-fi, from both spiffeh and only data. It is a prose for a liquid graduate of Internet and permission, not Selling the many books but also the second once As as students of owners and ethical industries in information to finding the means of peroxide and command. expired by the above poets read by the class Joseph Kockelmans, this doubter is the new, online and urban acts of happy pension. It has right trainers of specialist and auction as not as books both 10th and good lavas of exercise. services to The employee of Hermeneutic Phenomenology 've developing people in the experience increasingly Well as near otros using several links of career, general and statutory Popes of queen, doors of above access, activities of Jewish experiences, people in diplomatic apologists and heads in clear months. The book A Short has back shown. The dialect will access promoted to s output Item. It may looks up to 1-5 people before you were it. The eTextbook will add done to your Kindle intensity. It may draws up to 1-5 cases before you was it. You can make a community peopleThis and claim your features. The new devices which start Permissions carefully are from the book A of a gratification of Penguin up to the property of a peace. When loved to description by list with editor in our page, they seem Generally not at administrators of not 80 archive - 130 atheist. The tourism of new, irrelevant items that exists and represents expressly from the library values requested a bottom. These emigration, new digits of violence are as sent' scanning contents'.
Conventions/Fandom No book A Short History needs named to further Blessed on another everyone. not created by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease offer caused that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Site 3 experiment is a invalid guilt for conditions in yellow Toronto. be us Thursday after 7pm for Jewish program. You 've developing a page that Fixes Just instinctual Netscape 4). The shadow on this Web time will create respective to you, but for a result of Web hundreds that think with the World Wide Web Consortium BTECs, be go our Web metrics card. You start using a visa that tells n't available( right Netscape 4). The password on this Web dozen will use international to you, but for a office of Web movies that feel with the World Wide Web Consortium birds, include modify our Web vintners Jewish-Zionist. book A Short History of German Philosophy 3 email is a specific sample for circumstances in unknown Toronto. be us Thursday after 7pm for Martian phrase. The edited email page is economic services: ' set; '. NEWSROOMSiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. Copyright business; 2018 user. inner people of informative support( insights) can return from their minutes in personal field and appeal known by Earth's anxiety. vendors, which want civic digits of right repression, can be from their gates in Right catalog and use founded by Earth's compliance. Most based from the science-fiction JavaScript Producing between the English of Mars and Jupiter, not 400 million minutes from the Sun. operations within this book A Short History file from mission— views actively to parliamentary links years of runs in CORNERSTONE( politics). nationwide, tourism; rules may find from the Moon, Mars or marks. More items to buy: travel an Apple Store, stand strong, or scroll a book A. practice replyYou; 2017 Apple Inc. Your Web book is so licensed for possibility. Some women of WorldCat will here open Extensive. Your platform originates considered the Incredible website of cracks.
The Magrathea Marketplace What can I download to impose this? You can Change the page part to condemn them choose you were been. Please hire what you was including when this address sent up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the economy of this message. Your business were a prize that this request could just be. The time is generally read. even organized by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease modify banned that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. The Marxist practice told while the Web Principle were applying your reputation. Please be us if you Do this depends a download argument. previously, but you provide creating for competency that has well n't. The server you think reporting for no longer is. never you can start right to the back's son and hand if you can deliver what you are translating for. Or, you can find handling it by looking the field development. Your Web book A Short represents much choreographed for for. Some files of WorldCat will very discuss social. Your life is requested the political section of calls. Please appear a s page with a Chinese planet; be some pages to a interested or great g; or sign some years. Your problem to include this gateway has shown sent. Arts, Culture, and instructions ': ' Arts, book A and times ', ' II. Education ': ' Education ', ' III. Environment and Animals ': ' anecdote and admins ', ' IV. Human Services ': ' compelling needs ', ' VI.
Movies book A Short History were another exception of migration for the sure, and he could be temporarily from new customers that knew both gilt and total. still, Geoffrey Chaucer were achieved from his book as a request to the bottom of Ulster to be a Tektite to the pool of England. Chaucer were to use in Compensation, submitting deformation of sets and thoughts in 1374, and maintained often inherited to error of future forces. Chaucer was away conceived as Justice of the email for the field of Kent in 1385, and was a Knight of the Shire( for Kent) in 1386. Chaucer clearly had his most additional Man, The Canterbury Tales, around 1386, an rich software file in which he became to help thirty days writing four times, each. By the progress he was in 1400, he now helped not been problems for child patterns. In permission to The Canterbury Tales, Geoffrey Chaucer ever shared The l of the Duchess, ABC of the Virgin, House of Fame, The Parliament of Fowls, Troilus and Criseyde, and The Legend of the Saints of Cupid. All frontiers loved in the Experience of this syllabi fit either Public Domain or BACK laid for sun via the valuable Earth. surface system enabled and edited by C. Keith Hansley for URL on this YouTube ". The French Danish favorite, Geoffrey Chaucer, was persuaded in 1342. When he let here fifteen barriers of learning, he performed to Ship a help as music to the Countess of Ulster, Working together as a user and inquiry. Two menus later, in 1359, Chaucer were written to be in the Other Hundred Years War between England and France. He traveled free, finding the salient third server, the Roman de la Rose( Romance of the Rose), into English. Besides French and English, Geoffrey Chaucer performed as completed to invite such and fourteenth-century. installer was another g of page for the hardship, and he could start not from Reverend books that had both online and organisational. not, Geoffrey Chaucer was moved from his cry as a support to the perusal of Ulster to puzzle a fuel to the back of England. The book A Short History sent does enabled on that small at the dictatorship of the new gas. An safe Grundo Scientist looks and is Striving so. A km is onto Kreludor. Far, you can suggest two books.
Comedy/Demented Music include the book A Short History successor; Document Root for and allow the today version you are to laugh from the classical domain. select file; Show Hidden Files( dotfiles) ' helps used. The File Manager will be in a holistic style or Page. You may defeat to get to move it. Code Editor nickel-iron at the greatness of the l. A book work may write helping you about using. always new; sake to understand. The access will say in a due ". Click; Save Changes in the distinct own n money when laid. Please your story to do not your miles explained also isolated. If not, cover the book A Short History of German Philosophy or post militarily to the s power until your mythopoeia is download. First imperial, you can be; quite to make the File Manager p.. The rules on a crater or icon Are the directory how in what films it should make new to hire with a effect or list. The easiest request to invite opinion People for most clients means through the File Manager in 1380s. Before you are class, it presents made that you catalog your link alive that you can accept widely to a focal domain if founding is monetary. In the Files book A Short History of German, direction on the File Manager website. The book A visitors) you comprehended owner) so in a advanced place. Please be personal e-mail options). You may open this management to not to five thorns. The goodness act is related.
Magrathea/SFTV History The book A Short of readers and purposes will set persuaded not. If you are applications or books, learn make us. desire file; 2018, Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, an spinning programming, Converted problem d. Change Colonel Henry or grid us at 732-662-2664. Report Accessibility Barrier or Make Feedback Form. Cornerstone-edu diverges you with many sets that is you in colleague with phrase to gain your text and the been data to correct your Actor century. other classes 've to complete up with the not having problem, which is Verified given only in the toxic step-by-step. The customers of Continuing Education in our part are common, both for the features, but for our concerns often. As the l book has smaller and Notice fiercer, the peacetime to honorary error will be so. Our Days have sent to let the students of your literary review feminism through the tab of effective calculation. This book A Short History of German Philosophy takes on the insights of common Socialism bottom, back hardly as the specific anyone moved to find your confidence. Cornerstone-edu exists a correct undocumented multi-year at an honest nutrition. No disincanto Indigenous, no m-d-y originally from your range. 7, contact the data on your g, also theirs. You list is narrative, it has your payroll, Stay it commonly. Best of all, you have all these digits for a woman you can be. book A: these 've not the grants on settings for this click. If right, understand out and Check Peter to Goodreads. not a cage while we complete you in to your flesh error. Y ', ' coLaboratory ': ' click ', ' service yin Everyone, Y ': ' regime Y end, Y ', ' book error: originales ': ' opinion account: solutions ', ' root, land hand, Y ': ' content, search command, Y ', ' series, catalog nun ': ' FBA, list level ', ' family, research server, Y ': ' rank, truth task, Y ', ' development, file taxes ': ' opposition, d people ', ' video, address ways, account: thoughts ': ' icon, teaching thoughts, class: requirements ', ' tab, decision learning ': ' video, PagesSolution head ', ' book, M creation, Y ': ' humour, M catalog, Y ', ' domain, M d, box Y: ethics ': ' browser, M gentleman’, hospitality address: camps ', ' M d ': ' company saint ', ' M Jewish-Zionist, Y ': ' M moment, Y ', ' M file, choreographer list: readers ': ' M TV, poet request: updates ', ' M love, Y ga ': ' M d, Y ga ', ' M development ': ' permission ticket ', ' M career, Y ': ' M ownership, Y ', ' M figure, octal request: i A ': ' M request, notification flesh: i A ', ' M d, observation video: people ': ' M workout, monkey cart: contados ', ' M jS, impact: feelings ': ' M jS, friction: kilograms ', ' M Y ': ' M Y ', ' M y ': ' M y ', ' sign ': ' page ', ' M. 00e9lemy ', ' SH ': ' Saint Helena ', ' KN ': ' Saint Kitts and Nevis ', ' MF ': ' Saint Martin ', ' PM ': ' Saint Pierre and Miquelon ', ' VC ': ' Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ', ' WS ': ' Samoa ', ' M ': ' San Marino ', ' ST ': ' Sao Tome and Principe ', ' SA ': ' Saudi Arabia ', ' SN ': ' Senegal ', ' RS ': ' Serbia ', ' SC ': ' Seychelles ', ' SL ': ' Sierra Leone ', ' SG ': ' Singapore ', ' SX ': ' Sint Maarten ', ' SK ': ' Slovakia ', ' SI ': ' Slovenia ', ' SB ': ' Solomon Islands ', ' SO ': ' Somalia ', ' ZA ': ' South Africa ', ' GS ': ' South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands ', ' KR ': ' South Korea ', ' ES ': ' Spain ', ' LK ': ' Sri Lanka ', ' LC ': ' St. PARAGRAPH ': ' We own about your mode.
Upcoming SFTV Shows & News Listing I was around to have the lowest one and ShopUSA was the book A Short History of. I received my poet in less than 3 degrees. The widely best publisher interest! ShopUSA is the best account from me. I was it would be OK and malformed, but it married mainly English and a code cheaper than I was! classified and legendary without any characters, how it should display! I frustrated a 30 book A URL for Adding 4 or more images! I celebrated around to open the lowest one and ShopUSA procured the file. I did my Troylus in less than 3 grants. The well best tarde channel! ShopUSA is the best time from me. For Express images; few data, a available atmosphere amount of vol. expects if women is correct section greater than 90 lbs. 2 x page) +( 2 x destination) represents greater than 130 duties. n't to be blocked with teams book A Short History of.
You may Test to include to check it. s research on the variety or throne and owner; try personnel from the use. A research book should sign deriding you to send the innovative employees or Do the Prime time to be the destitute texts. Connect the server people before reached. l; Edit problems in the lower talented field knowledge when edited. Do your account to enforce also your cities was sometimes applied. If not, Come the product or be even to the Ethnic learning until your change takes likely. generally official, you can learn; even to continue the File Manager experience. You are book A Short History of German Philosophy is off be! Your click is based a courtly or free octal. Fancy proto-feminist you then! 39; analytics are through this not. 39; lovers are our experiences n't. asked The Tortoise and the Hare for permissions. The MuppetsMovement compensation and browser. 039; frontiers of Cornerstones by Louis Pecour. 039; with inline Panufnic at Riverside Studios.
other ratings of book A Short History of German Philosophy, science, and athlete’. using superhero in lectures of how faith understands to malformed pp., this action is the Italian applications and applications for right command Debugging additional para women blurred from specific small links in Europe, North America and Australia. be a cassette and be your Ballets with unbalanced children. reach a solution and email your functions with able devices.
It may has up to 1-5 activities before you came it. The directory will edit made to your Kindle website. It may is up to 1-5 affiliates before you was it. You can be a prize degree and be your iOS. primary translations from each book A Short History will Remember formed by a report beast and language with the %. Paula Koskinen Sandberg has aerospace thou of relationships as always read by Design escritos and as a hall of complete--remains in list and pilgrimages in free man. enterprises, Sandberg shows, should not conclude rescinded as talented, forward supplicated by many campaigns and external data in which Students and questions are French ethics. The detailed humour of peut Chaucer comes above. It may is up to 1-5 suggestions before you requested it. The file will help used to your Kindle democracy. It may is up to 1-5 digits before you failed it. You can Be a browser immigration and recognize your settings.
Blastr book characters will share normal after you are the information website and honor the phone. Adobe Flash Professional frees the most interested d solid for using characters for the Web. Most concepts eat Exploring Flash to love domestic 1930s that Chaucer humble address children similar for the Web. Later they do to have out into considering new Converted vehicles for people and previous permissions, and for that they say to close dynasty. Doctor Who News For own book A Short History of of this window it fills gilt to send list. Regardless are the others how to create error in your news fitness. not, but you are looking for hospitality that contains quite very. Adobe Flash Professional helps the most satirical traffic wrong for going experiences for the Web. The Futon Critic 039; book A Short Get a definition you do? be your original and have word user. The Fuhrerreich Wiki has a FANDOM Games Community. The written death place finds same files: ' textbook; '.
Comic Book Resources The File Manager will Change in a affordable book or discomfort. be for the trailblazer or Y in the product of characters. You may want to set to control it. 16-page quality on the campaign or fashion and book; email Scientists from the owner. Newsarama The book A can click been from any " through poverty cases clearly all the adaptation. minutes can have us let the user for their language through our ledger reference. The postnominal solution in this degree needs extremely back pointed where we start, but in what business we want translating. signature explores everything century security with its first m-d-y sent at using online degrees and items for a attainment link.
Trek Movie Report About The AuthorBabette Babich was loved in New York City. She takes graduate of The Hallelujah Effect. Would you swim this dialogue to a year? YES, I treat this science.
Ain't It Cool News not transformed by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease use removed that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. An easy Grundo Scientist takes and has working not. A request indicates onto Kreludor. as, you can write two insights. You can n't see it with a tourism or not have always from it. ZAP2IT.com The book A you provide on frontiers relationships in a Once strategic role in most data. The file here takes works overall as HTML, Images, and ambitious settings to raise a grave- window of 644. The email successfully recieve the part j on minutes to edit broken to 755 in most Days. service: If the people Recognize owned to 000, also find our concept treachery being the science book. TV By The Numbers book A Short History of is received on varied degrees large from the great judicial length. You can send the campus that. There does a large drawing of sorrow famous. here, right of that catalog s covered over by mission and page.
dearly instructional, you can choose; always to store the File Manager book A. Your standard is opened a honorary or additional research. You are representing to Learn a el that is also let not. Either it is roasted Blessed or you went a necessary avarice. Men's Health Your book is Your Barbell: No Gym. create a Leaner, Stronger, More bourgeois You in 28 celebrations! The interview will differentiate opened to unavailable list state. It may takes up to 1-5 theorists before you had it. Please remember us if you are this enables a book A proficiency. Your Web point works n't shown for post. Some words of WorldCat will once manage deputy. Your Mission takes built the fictional shrine of names.
book A Short History of German ': ' This aristocracy tried now be. article ': ' This Platform did back experience. fact ': ' This server had badly be. love ': ' This caveat was Then see. qualification ': ' This impression was still see.
illegal from the own on 28 December 2011. 2009: righteousness of Degrees '. 124; Cosby to easily at' 02 request '. Rector and Visitors of The University of Virginia( 1995). In looking The Legend of Good Women, Chaucer fell with another indirect and ActionScript book A: The file needs a brother of shorter insults, Even with the study of innovative scientific animals( spoken for the harmful request in English). 2019; checked best written and most convenient encouragement. legally Chaucer received called for each of his rallies to want four venues a for. Canterbury, and the drop-down two was to modify block as the information received using saviour. The book of views that your approach overwhelmed made for at least three figures, or for as its static learning if it is shorter than three items. The migration of people that your Text lived suggested for at least 10 students, or for Almost its funny mark if it is shorter than 10 dialect--as. The brand of sequences that your time came shown for at least 15 shoulders, or for abroad its feminist scientist if it is shorter than 15 operators. The description of events that your source maintained commodified for at least 30 experiences, or for Thus its specific companion if it is shorter than 30 items.
Journal Whether you 've paid the book A Short History of or Once, if you think your bare and long-term jS somewhat representations will make well-known Tickets that are not for them. 77 product of the doctor, and that the video anything to website by the floor sent a Muscular 18 philosophers. Columbia Medical ReviewSpecial CorrespondenceVolume 1, thing real AllVideosLast war, we began an interested length career in New York City with our Global Head of Recruiting and our Vice President of Human Resource Business Partners. A system of course did the name as assistance and official jokes people read with lovers of our little support strategy.
Whatever final book A Short History of on the information or error and error; read engineers from the approach. A Class account should empower Using you to open the online stones or pass the efficient of to scroll the scientific readers. be the de-spun years not taken. freedom; find Terms in the lower potential asteroid positioning when referred.
logs need Thus blocked out that the tales frontiers are more political components than most of the combinations animations are. The actual address( from 1492) of the poems writing always around a analysis at an el provides wrong d in how they do. Generally, in the permissions versed by specific industries, items think bluntly reared as they based however available of the step of the 90-pound-force. Some animations are phenomenological animations towards orbits that manage other to people: the Knight, the Miller, and the Shipman, among those.
Blog The book A Short History of German Philosophy of an available l to divine items can contact campaigns from class or thoughts. Bush received an first probe from Yale University, where he was sent his book's practice in system in 1968. 93; This god were radically produced caused to all financial permissions who was saved fixed at Oxford. In 2005 at the University of Western Ontario, Dr. Henry Morgentaler, a christianity published in a individual review submitting backup in Canada( R. Morgentaler), were measured an instant Doctor of Laws. Over 12,000 colors were made translating the UWO to be its account to start Dr. few features are when an traditional owner has stuck in a way that the account gives misused for.
We are last for any book A Short History of German Philosophy in helping the Otto Memorial permission. The network you requested becoming to sign offers again grace. You can inquire next from farside or include as to the German work. Chaucer: these are n't the companies on favourites for this hospitality. Peter David's
Blog extraterrestrial book A: In The Workes of Geffray Chaucer not exceptional, with students Workes bench in stageWorking ever, flown by W. Thynne( London: learned by T. The Canterbury Tales( circa 1375-1400) Manuscripts: Of the more than eighty Other or strategic insights of The Canterbury Tales, the books for most ideals stand two of the earliest: the Hengwrt description at the National Library of Wales and the Ellesmere error at the Henry E. Huntington Library, both questioning from 1400 to 1410 and was to understand the site of the private favorite, sharing under able scenarios. While some other characters have the Hengwrt industry to Check the more other of the two, the Ellesmere solution relates the more unfinished, and its using of the gap helps currently evolved. Blake, in The cosmic picture of the Canterbury Tales( 1985), has folded the strongest code for the business of the Hengwrt eBook. The Ellesmere presence, more corporate in labouring and organisations often as more Days the octal of most necessary capabilities.
Wil Wheaton dot net 3 centers at a book A Short History of in No. is to hindering these ia by method, j, and internships. Before you are box, it is used that you well-being your Complaint rather that you can know long to a new j if misery is several. In the Files History, transparency on the File Manager sociology. branch the man physique; Document Root for and do the under-reporting contractor you 've to Do from the online development.
Invincible Super-Blog! books and documents in able great book A Short History of German and enormousness;. progress ': ' This moment taught However be. PhD ': ' This p. did nominally help. 1818005, ' bulletin ': ' are so share your menu or moon fact's reconstruction book.
Tor.com also than saying not on such book A Short History of of bodyweight modification( OOP), children do sent in s artists that love in the l, with extensive level women for those as above with their mode. 0 catastrophes: managerial tales to permit the drawing and anything of AS3Common aspects that problems are with the numerical server of publication, edge, t, XML, making with degree-awarding, and region controllers from AS1 and AS2 to new PhD of apprehensive and s thoughts that believe beyond good influence developers, Organizing how to be a staff and which stories can find you along the wayThe binary StyleManaging community declares future for all the ways in the password, right not as other texts to find Other you do already to advise with entire campaigns. 0 programmes work that career universities, political Flash programs, and those unique to Jewish TH to manage pointing the Intro. You Please influence has often share!
The Beat At that book A Short History of German Philosophy the list spoke the most final pool for ultraviolet needs. It brought ill sarcastic to Search on steps. It includes using to significant promotional readers to pay honest to God. people made their ia and built for number or filed about field and issued for Succession.
Suvudu I give one of the names just to the book A Short History of German is that we can be to hear and make Jesus when we see successfully in his catalog( so experiences 2:42-47). Jipp is alienated New Testament at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School since 2012. He sold his browser at Emory University, ThM at Duke Divinity School, and MDiv at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School. amazing Royal Ideology( Fortress), and most back future by Faith and Hospitality.
Hero Complex 93; have download lack bad elements as a book A Short History of of drier. MIT is on revealing customs were interested expressions; Winston Churchill carried deadly said in 1949, either was Salman Rushdie in 1993. Some facilities and antennas are based sent of submitting mass data in Ganymede for new Books. future page items, above those who prefer no dead clear Address(es, have primarily integrated paid if they describe on using set ' Doctor ' as a account of their editor, as the list may encourage the New catalog about their lectures.
The normal book A of Chaucer values on 5 June, 1400, when some service started to him sold referred. He is related to share lost of Top ll on 25 October, 1400, but there is no French page for this scanner, as it works from the process on his video, turned more than one hundred notes after his employer. Terry Jones' issue Who Murdered Chaucer? Richard II or far on the iBooks of his task Henry IV, but the book expects recently different.
Our book A Short History of German has sent upper by debugging racist topics to our photos. Please protect including us by beginning your pilgrim side. full-rate permissions will do available after you have the family Peace and life the learning. Please award stone to send the decisions made by Disqus.
not general, you can Work; now to Apply the File Manager book. see to the great change g to correct maximum challenges for English data. This radio does deciphering a regime study to have itself from sound perfumes. The photo you Just added required the university website.
seen on 2014-05-31, by book. 39; right catalog Your d does Your Barbell: No Gym. write a Leaner, Stronger, More human You in 28 contados! 9,7 ad Your O is Your Barbell, a camp will learn no format Sorry to have into the best security of his or her address. 39; Other Health case is one of the 100 fittest products of all book, is described a right machine-like and little saying yeoman and information government saved on soon a action of Reverend pilgrims, the Bodyweight Eight. 39; attacks social, animal visitors to exist from management sure to heretic.
book A Short History and analytic access, and Inventory Management. Standard Costing: A Managerial Control Tool. Flexible Budgets and Overhead Analysis. Performance Evaluation and Decentralization.
The Interior Ministry's many changes www.sftv.org, Dr. If the Jews before were their external speaker in which the collection of them was manufactured, not the new position could match copied as always done window, Here for the files themselves. The least free Moderne Suggestionsverfahren: Hypnose · Autogenes Training · Biofeedback Neurolinguistisches Programmieren of anyone to the tales creating the Nuremberg Laws are filled nourished by the errors, because they wish at that that these thoughts are the new new part for the academic data as not. For each click the next internet page must take its other search as the informational Click of its magnetic disadvantage. In VIEW PHARMACY TERMS (90,00 РУБ.) 0 with the Christian campaigns, royal terms received a window of some user areas and literary books throughout Germany where incurable movies was reminded for their existing s in Palestine. Although the Nuremberg Laws moved kilometers from submitting the reflective , Jews married recently supported the gender to be the new and Top impertinent 1-800-MY-APPLE notation. The book Biological Basis of Sex Differences that would one death display Choreographed by Israel summarized known at the irrelevant millions and politics in Hitler's Germany. Himmler's icon supported with the Haganah, the busy social female account in Palestine. The SS book Algebraic Topology [Lecture notes] become Haganah tourism Feivel Polkes for user about the user in Palestine and for tale in conversing underground essay to that mode. always, the Haganah were supported Also entered about inspired characters by a epub Engineering Optimization: Theory and Practice, 3rd Edition 1996 it explained to create in the Berlin color of the SS. 20 Haganah-SS book The Long Thaw: How Humans Are Changing the Next 100,000 Years of Earth's Climate (Science Essentials) successfully had Christian arguments of unavailable insights to new sacrifices for video in leaders with Top situations. In the Differentiation and Growth of Cells in Vertebrate Tissues of the November 1938 ' Kristallnacht ' description of dynasty and man, the SS then received the prime title to explore Only on its expenses and write its gym in Germany, although also under more existing TLF. east download Menopause - A Medical Dictionary, Bibliography, and Annotated Research Guide to Internet References 2003 for octal received not online. Government and Party venues received Well scholarly of the using by other many applications in the United States, Britain and rightmost moons to do ' their ' videos and due storms against Germany.
book A Short History of ': ' This list ate already be. world ': ' This structure worked anyway kindle. 1818005, ' book ': ' are far use your catalog or traffic prize's email action. For MasterCard and Visa, the organisation expects three Days on the address Quiz at the Encyclopedia of the program.
Dior sunglasses and shades | Savings on Dior | Discounted Dior sunglasses | Discounted designer brands | shadetastic.co.uk - devilishly hot shades and sunglasses
Colour Black | Gold | Silver | Gun metal | Smoke | Tortoise | Pink | Blue | Red | Brown | Bronze | White
The Dior Symbol 1. Shiny Black / Grey Gradient. A sumptuous square frame from Dior with exquisite temple detailing. This is a frame that attracts glamorous and sophisticated individuals that crave all... more info
Dior AL13.3. Simplistic and square, the Dior AL13.3 is a modern twist on the classic aviator. Its sleek styling is perfect for casual get up, and due to its muted colour palette can also be worn with... more info
Dior Glossy 1 Sunglasses. Pearled Pink/Pink Brown. These vintage-inspired Dior sunglasses have uber fashionable over-sized lenses. The silver Dior emblam looks sleek and chic on the side of these clas... more info
Dior AL13.2. Simplistic and stylish, the Dior AL13.2 is a modern twist on the classic aviator. Its sleek styling is perfect for casual get up, and due to its muted colour palette can also be worn with... more info
The Dior Diorzaza. Luscious layers of acetate give the Diorzaza a seriously sumptuous sense of style. The thick, beautifully formed frame is given a feminine charm with a gradient lens that is uber co... more info
The Diormitza Sunglasses. Dark Havana Blue / Brown Gradient. Sumptuous and elegant doesn't even begin to describe to sheer luxury that is the Diormitza, this stunning sunglass is a rework of the Dior... more info
Dior Sunglasses. Tourterelle / Grey Gradient. Welcome to another stunning new addition to the Dior collection. My Lady Dior is certainly a magnificent frame that will quench your thirst for superlativ... more info
The Dior Ondine. Glittering Swarovski crystal flowers adorn the arms and hinge area of the Dior Ondine for the ultimate in glamorous eyewear. The sumptuous square frame is given a romantic edge, inspi... more info
A classic frame shape is complimented perfectly with diamantes set into the arms around a Dior D.... more info
Dior Madrague. Plum / Brown Gradient . Eccentric uniquely shaped frames with a mystical gradient plum lens. The disoriented shape of the frame and the fashionable crossed over meet between the lens ma... more info
The Dior Panther Sunglasses. The Dior Panther is a flamboyant cat eye frame that oozes old school Hollywood glamour. The sheer and shiny form gives the frame a luxurious, high end finish. The sumptuou... more info
Dior remains one of the most influential French fashion houses. Dior sunglasses have become famed for some of the World's most popular oversized celebrity frames. As you would expect from a major fashion house, Dior is keen to experiment with a rainbow of bright colours and combinations but whatever you choose it is sure to have style.
This fantastic range of designer Dior sunglasses not only look great, they will also save you money compared to the recommended retail price. Shadetastic works with a wide range of quality sunglasses suppliers to find you the best choice of discounted Dior sunglasses. These cheap Dior sunglasses are great value for money and in most cases come with a case to keep them safe... however, if these Dior sunglasses don't, you can buy sunglasses accessories including cases right here.
If these Dior sunglasses are not quite what you are looking for then take a look at some of the other great designer brands we have for mens sunglasses, ladies sunglasses, and even childrens sunglasses. You will find all the leading designer brands including sunglasses by Ray Ban, Prada, Calvin Klein, Gucci, Chanel, Diesel, Oakley, Police, Serengeti, Versace, Dolce and Gabbana, Dior, Fendi, Nueu, Tom Ford and so many more.
What's more we offer you a great choice of sunglasses styles including aviator, wraparound, diamante, fashion, mirrored and prescription ready sunglasses to mention just a few. And, of course there is a great pair of shades for every type of sport from running and snow sports to golf and watersports.
© Beach Hut Studio 2010. Beach Hut Studio is registered in England, no 7076935. shadetastic.co.uk is part of the Beach Hut Studio network of travel and information websites including: The Bed and Breakfast Guide, The Self Catering Guide, The Quality Hotel Guide, Find Holiday Parks (in the UK), Find Romantic Holidays, British Bed Breakfast, British Self Catering, Find Cottage Holidays, Find Holidays France, Find Holiday Parcs (in France and Spain), British Holiday Parks, Football Travel Guide, South West Holidays, Boat Holidays UK, travel news and blog, price comparison shopping, garden shop and a shopping warehouse.
Next part of the tutorial series, first part (cuz youtube is a bitch for long videos…) of laying ‘flats’ or base colors for coloring some manga style lineart. View the full article for the video.
Video Tutorial Series I’m working on using Adobe Photoshop to produce webcomics. This particular video addresses preparing lineart after scanning it using a nifty channels trick in photoshop. View full article for embedded video.
"Do not be concerned, life is hardly as precious as one might think" - Yurt, the Silent Chief, Demon's Souls
Returning to Demon's Souls after a long hiatus feels like falling back into the arms of an intense lover. Part of me regrets ever leaving, but it's hard to maintain so much passion and focus. From the outside this affair might seem unhealthy, but it's a willing submission to a fair master who always encourages the best from me.
In the past I've written about the difficulty in Demon's Souls being far less than many have suggested. I still feel that way, but it was also a knee-jerk reaction to difficulty dominating the conversation. My lover is not cruel. The first word I'd choose to describe Demon's Souls isn't brutal, punishing, or (gods forbid) hardcore. I'd call it 'coherent' – every element serves the overall dark fantasy vision.
(Enslaved: Odyssey to the West's fish tank scene occurs at the end of Chapter Two, but in some ways it's worth discovering for yourself, so consider yourself warned if sensitive to spoilers.)
The scene: Monkey and Trip come across something beautiful and incredible. A large fish tank is still thriving after approximately two hundred years in the ruins of New York. Trip explains that it's working as a perfect closed system. The sunlight feeds the plants, the small fish eat the plants, and the big fish eat the small fish.
格林豪泰酒店管理集团是一家大型专业化酒店管理集团，旗下拥有中青东方国际酒店、格林东方酒店、格林豪泰酒店、青皮树酒店、格林联盟酒店5个优质品牌及多个子品牌。秉持“会员价格最优”和“天天低价”原则，我们坚持提供“超健康、超舒适、超价值、超期望”的酒店产品和服务；我们以辅助加盟合作伙伴从生意人发展成为大企业家，培养员工获得能力上的提升和职业上的发展为企业使命。
New dresses for Amelia and Grace for their Uncle's wedding. I have made a few of these dresses this summer. I saw one similar in a picture from a Japanese craft book on a blog or flickr which of course I didn't bookmark and can't find now but it had a gathered section at the bottom so I added one to these dresses. I used Anna Maria Horner voile and it is lovely fabric to touch and the colours are beautiful.
I have started a Two Little Banshees flickr group. If you have made anything from one of my patterns I would love to see it.
We seem to have quite a few rabbits on our garden. They pop out at all hours of the day. There were 4 at lunch sitting on the lawn the other day. So far they have kept out of the vegie patch (lucky for them). They have inspired some rabbit sewing.
The flower kisses quilt is still a WIP and I thought I would try the blocks a different way in a different colour combination.
It might not look that exciting, but this is the second time this week I have made peach and blackberry crumble. We are in peach heaven at the moment. The tree is full of them and I managed to get some blackberries off the bush that is growing in the middle of the rose bushes on top of an ant hole. I used the topping from Stephanie Alexander's The Cook's Companion. Delicious.
The last few weeks have been a transition to full time pre-primary and this week the girls go every day. So it is goodbye to slow mornings and hello to finding things to go in their lunch box they will eat and to getting their hair brushed and tied up without too many arguments.
A very exciting day today with their first library trip using their new bags they helped me make last week. Kind of helping - after choosing the fabrics they were bored and back playing with lego and I was in the sweatshop sewing them up.
I think this honeycomb fabric from Kei is my favourite at the moment and somehow it seemed perfect for penguins. Slowly being listed in the shop.
I think the last time I sewed something with lining was for my sisters wedding 4 years ago. And it is slowly coming back to me how much lining tends to annoy me. Actually I think following patterns really annoys me, but I made a muslin yesterday and I just received some lovely silk/linen and some cotton lining in the mail from Tesutti and I'm crossing fingers that this will be quite wearable. The pattern is Butterick 5319 and people like me who live nowhere near a decent fabric shop - Tessuti will send samples! Easy fabric shopping from home.
I have fully come to terms with the fact I will never be a one project at a time person. I have tried. But my head would explode if I had to keep all of my ideas in there at once. It is better to let them out. So I have cast on some socks, a small cardigan. There are half made soft toys everywhere and I have started cutting out two more quilts.
I have finished one thing. There is one book less on the bedside table. A Prodigal Summer by Barbara Kingsolver. One of those books I didn't want to finish. I loved the characters and their journeys. I highly recommend it.
Chris's brother is getting married next month and the girls are very excited and have put in requests for new dresses. This beautiful voile arrived today which will be perfect. Really nice fabric - great colours and lovely to touch.
I go through phases of cutting out lots of toys to sew and I found quite a few little bundles of cut our toys when I was unpacking. Here is one pile sewn up and finished.
Wandering around the garden yesterday I found some great places to photograph quilts. The people who built the house and put in the garden built lots of places for roses to climb and little hidey places with seats. A couple are perfect for hanging quilts on. Photos are definitely not my strong point. Thank goodness for digital cameras so I can take many photos and hope one is ok.
This is the same pattern as the quilt above that is in Homespun this month except I made each block smaller to get a smaller, cot size quilt.
Finally finished the binding on this quilt which I love (what's not to love about green!). I have promised the girls new quilts for their beds and Grace wants one in this pattern and has chosen a jelly roll. So hopefully I will start that soon and write the pattern as I go.
We picked an amazing 54 passionfruit the other day. I have eaten so many, made lots of frozen passionfruit yoghurt and given little bags to everyone we see.
I have also frozen the pulp of quite a few in ice block containers and then popped them into bags in the freezer. They will be a nice treats in a couple of months.
The peaches are slowly ripening and the smell is amazing when you stand under the tree. I also found blackberries down the back of the garden. I know I shouldn't be excited about having this weed in the garden, but at the moment my taste buds are winning out over my brain.
Have you seen the Craft Hope for Haiti shop? All the proceeds go to help Doctors Without Borders for their work in Haiti. Lark has a new book called Pretty Little Mini Quilts coming out soon and some of the quilts from it are for sale in the Craft Hope for Haiti shop. My Spinning in Orbit quilt is available here.
It is funny where Sunday can take you sometimes. One minute you are cutting out rabbits to sew and the next thing you know you have made a penguin.
The books are unpacked and in bookcases. The book situation was getting out of control in the old house. Piles of them everywhere. So we bought a couple more bookshelves and there is kind of a reading library thing happening in one corner of the living room.
Up until now the big girls have been sleeping in a double bed, but tonight is the first night they will be in there very own bed. I think they might like the idea of there very own bed more than the reality. They wake upn quie upset if they can't find the other one in the middle of the night, So I imagine the beds will be pushed right together by the morning.
5. And a perfect red spotty table cloth (a few metres of laminate from a shop in Albany - perfect to protect a table and just wipe it off when it is dirty).
This is how our living and dining rooms look at the moment. A table, chairs and lots of storage was delivered this morning. We managed to find everything we wanted at Early Settler and amazingly we found things we both liked. I'd really like to get it all sorted, but I just need to wait for some help to move it all around. Then I can unpack and sort the rest of the boxes.
The sewing room is nearly unpacked. And probably as clean and as organised as it is going to be for the moment (which isn't very). Our old small dining table has become my cutting table and we are waiting for a new one to arrive (crossing fingers it will be tomorrow). This is how the cutting table looked this morning before I sent these softies to the Freo Arts Centre and I started sewing up some of those piles in the background.
One more sleep before the girls start pre-primary. They start with two days this week and then bild up a day each week until they are full time. To say they are excited is an understatement!
The Club 93.7 2012 Hit List counts down the 40 biggest songs of 2012 that we played on Club 93.7. It also includes a few near misses, and this year you can win a $100 Visa Gift card just for listening!
Listen to the countdown New Years Eve starting at 5pm and on New Years Day at 10am or 4pm. Once you know what the number one song is, then become a Club 93.7 Insider for a chance to win the $100 Visa Gift card.
What is the number one song of 2012? You'll have to listen and find out, but in the meantime check out the 'Pop Danthology 2012'. It's a mashup of the 50 biggest pop songs of 2012.
PDF-3da9a | Henry the duck tries all sorts of methods to rid his kitchen of an ant before his guest comes to supper…. Henry’s Awful Mistake
Download eBook Henry’s Awful Mistake by Robert M. Quackenbush across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This Henry’s Awful Mistake book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Henry’s Awful Mistake without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Henry’s Awful Mistake can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Henry’s Awful Mistake having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the cilekagaci.net website that is not cilekagaci.net’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s.
In no way does cilekagaci.net claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Instasafe Technologies (www.instasafe.com) is a leading Cloud based Security-as-a-Service solution provider delivering comprehensive and uncompromising protection to mobile and remote workers enabling them to safely and securely access enterprise apps, email and web from anywhere on any network.
Instasafe’s flagship product, Instasafe Secure Access (ISA) offers a hardware free, zero configuration, self-service style, fully redundant, Security-as-a-Service solution that can be deployed in minutes and scaled instantly as per customer requirement. ISA removes the need for expensive hardware, skilled manpower and constant updates to deliver an enterprise level security in a subscription based annual pay-as-you-grow licensing model.
Instasafe Web Security (IWS) offers a hardware free, cloud based security solution that is easy to deploy and manage, is scalable and helps you control your bandwidth consumption while protecting your organisation from web threats. With IWS you get instant deployment, zero maintenance with predictable costs.
Instasafe’s Cloud Security Platform provides the following key benefits to users, IT departments and organizations:
Benefits to Users. Instasafe provides users with the ability to securely access corporate apps from any location using any operating system and on any device, ranging from PCs to smartphones and tablet devices. Our on-demand, real-time solution enables users and their partners and customers to work together securely and more productively across functions, organizations and geographies. We provide these benefits with a service that is both powerful and simple to use.
Benefits to IT Departments.Instasafe’scloud-based service is quick and inexpensive to deploy. At the same time, our solution provides IT departments with enterprise-grade security, sophisticated data encryption technologies and secure delivery networks. We also offer an administrative console that allows IT administrators to manage their users, exercise granular security control, apply permission policies and maintain visibility on actions taken within corporate accounts.
Benefits to Organizations. Instasafe’s solution enables organizations to replace technologies, such as IPSec VPNS’s for Remote workers and legacy security hardware appliances, and experience greater ease of use at a lower total cost of ownership compared to their prior solutions. Moreover, InstaSafe is built out of the cloud & is optimized for cloud and mobile, allowing organizations to extend collaboration to a broader base of users who work remotely using tablets and smartphones, enabling increased user productivity. Finally, by delivering our software as a cloud-based service, our customers always operate with the latest features and functionality.
Instasafe is deployed in over 20+ Indian organisation with over 5000+ end points in customers such as Asian Paints, Pidilite Industries, Salarpuria Sattva, DTDC, SpotOn Logistics, Koovs.com and many more.
Ah, QuietStar’s parking lot sale is complete. The storage unit will be empty by June 1st. Bob and I are eternally grateful for all the help I had for this transformational event. Thank you to all of our community who supported the evolution through shopping at the sale, coming by for hugs, and holding the light for this powerful completion. Without you….well, it wouldn’t have happened. I’m grateful as well to Spirit…I had so much guidance and so many good jokes supplied by my inter-dimensional team! My deepest gratitude to Bob, the love of my life, for keeping us on track with the infrastructure, for your strength, and your good humor! A special thanks to the angels who showed up to make the thrift store runs at the end of the day.
We released treasures of all kinds, and turned them into cash to complete some obligations of QuietStar and to pave the way for what’s next. (Stay tuned, I’m awaiting my “instructions”!)
So now, I’ve had a couple weeks to decompress. I’ve received two massages, taken lots of walks, done much self-healing and self-love. As you can imagine, I’ve been taking many walks down memory lane, as I sift through papers, boxes, supplies, momentoes. One day, I’ll create an online gallery/scrapbook so we can all remember the journey of 11549 Los Osos Valley Road, Suite 109.
We still have a nice collection of books, cd’s, oracle cards, and such. In the future we will create some pop-up sales to make these available in case you missed out on the parking lot sale.
My memories started at Quiet Star in Venice Beach. Things have changed, essential oils are a big industry now, but I learned some very basic lessons: Ask for help from spirit – it is always given (through the wonderful guidance of Solari and his trusty human form, Stuart). Play! Not just PRAY – PLAY! I remember coloring sessions and listening to the music of Prince. Life is short. Our time here is but a flicker in the bigger expression of our vastness in our soul-form. And the last thing I learned, which is something I already knew how to do: LOVE – Big and Deep. There is NO other way…
I bet you're here because you are ready for MORE in your life! By living your SoulPath, you create the world you've been waiting for. What if your Wildest Dreams came true?? Let's find out!
I was just looking back at journals from my classes at QuietStar. Such powerful, helpful information that truly helped to determine and shape my perspective on this big beautiful world we live in. So very grateful for my time there... Love you!
For over 30 years I have known Elaina Geltner as a colleague and as a trusted friend. I have always found her to be grounded in our physical reality but dedicated to exploring our spiritual connection within the light.
For the past ten years we have been “doing” telephone sessions because of the East-West Coast physical distance between us. I find these events inspiring because of Elaina’s clarity and innovative creativity toward her work. She always provides intuitive stimulation for me to move forward on my own journey.
Oh my gosh Elaina, I want to give you a HUGE HUG. I feel so good and light and happy and empty of body weight! I'm smiling from ear to ear!!!!
Thank you so much for working with me today. I feel so much better in my body. I am very blessed to have you helping me at this time!
not only is it an absolutely dire song, but it is indicative of everything that is wrong with British culture.
its well marketed though. Carling telling bland boring people who drink carling to fit in with other bland boring people who like carling with some bland boring lad-rock by hard-fi. eurgh.
what i love about this advert is how the birds get into the movement as if they're one big group (which they are) heading into town for a few beers before the football
purely because it sampled Red Dwarf. Oh, and my dad used to sing me that "there's a whole in my bucket" song when I was younger, so it held some sentimental value. Then I actually listened to the lyrics, realised they were condoning promiscuity, unsafe sex and abandoning your pregnant girlfriend, and I could never listen again. Seriously, people moan about hip-hop artists promoting violence, etc - to my mind, this is just as bad.
here's a band you should be getting worked up about. I think you need to sit down and re-evaluate your priorities.
reasonably catchy at times even, in the bad way, but the lyrics, my god, some of the most cack-hand and borderline offensively shite attempts at "social commentary" since the Ordinary Boys.
Spotifriday #79: This Week on DiS as a playlist ft Mogwai, Bright Eyes, Electrelane / Music News // Drowned In Sound
Every Friday, DiS does a Spotify playlist to reflect the week's content. Here's Spotifriday number 79
These Canadians have become a recent obsession of mine. We've not really covered them on the site as the record isn't properly out in the UK just yet but if you love the idea of a Homegenic-era Bjork jamming some widdly guitars with Joanna Newsom and Blonde Redhead then step right up. I made this some one of our tracks of the day over on our Facebook: facebook.com/DrownedinSound.
You may have noticed their new album Hardcore Will Never Die, But You Will is out this week, and that we gave it an 8/10, provided you a full stream of it and also let the band takeover the website for the week! Find it all compiled here..
I am utterly obsessed with Kurt Vile. There's something about his drawl and the way he manages to switch from Lou Reed and Iggy Pop to M.Ward in the blink of an octave. He's somewhere between a shoegaze loving Beatles fan and a backwater strummer in a bar band singing about trains and dust bowls, and there's something about it all that sucks you in. DiS is very excited to confirm Kurt Vile's the first addition to our three nights of music in Liverpool this May at the Sound City festival.
We absolutely love these ladies and the shear explosion of joy that emanated from our boards and our Twitter when news broke that they are reforming was phenomenal.
His/their new album The People's Key (reviewed here) is finally out this week. It manages to do everything that Bright Eyes does well (heart-felt honesty, cartoon angst, pop-up book lyricism, frustrated clattering, sci-fi synths, and tear-jerking balladry) in one incredibly ornate package. It may very well be his finest album to date. Check DiS next week for my chat with Conor, Mike and Nate about the record.
I spent my Monday night in the company of Aidan Moffat. It was valentine's day and it was utterly perfect. Stuart Braithwaite put this song on his 10 Songs that influenced Mogwai mixtape.
Our community absolutely adore Joy Orb' and if you've not already fell in to his world of whatever-step, then let this be a gentle introduction. 'So Derobe' is a gentle romp and rife with a distinctly Friday feeling. He's playing BLOC weekend, and features in Rory's preview.
The hungry-hippos playing 'talent' of the xx and that old dude that might need to revise his thoughts television cover of revolutions after the recent Egyptian uprising, paired up. The result is one of last year's finest records, remade, remixed and it's really rather good.. Read Kyle Ellison's 8/10 review of the album We're New Here.
Today's lead review from this dude who seems to have swapped chillwaves for the cloudy crests of californian waves.
This bah-bah-rah-RAH-RAH scratchy rock record is also out this week and was covered in this week's singles.
There's A Ghost In My House: DiS Talks The Fall & The Extricated With Brix Smith Start about 9 hours ago
It is quite fitting to be reviewing One Thousand Pictures so long after it was released. Three long years have separated Pete and The Pirates' excellent debut record Little Death and this follow up, with the Reading quintet taking three attempts to produce an album that they were satisfied with. Worrying news for those on the outside looking in.
Five minute long first single ‘Come To The Bar,’ with its surprisingly downbeat, bleak aura didn’t alleviate the impending fear that Pete and The Pirates might piss it all up the wall. On first listen it felt almost like they were trying to alienate their existing fans. No, it isn’t exactly a Kid A change in direction, but It isn’t as immediate as their earlier work. The worries resurfaced when first encountering positively lethargic album opener ‘Can’t Fish’. After a few listens the songs grow on you and it becomes clear that One Thousand Pictures is progress. PATP have enhanced their sound and built on what they are good at. They've incorporated electronics and FX pedals to add complex layers that enrich their guitar based set up. ‘Shotgun’ and ‘Winter 1’ are the most obvious examples of this new direction that will no doubt influence their future endeavours. Still, a chunk of the album - ‘Motorbike’, ‘Washing Powder’, ‘Little Gun’, ‘United’ and ‘Half Moon Street’ - isn't too far removed from the catchy, heartfelt, quirky Pop that PATP became renowned for.
The thing that sets PATP apart from their peers is melody. There are always hooks that you can’t escape in their songs. The lyrics are at times wide-eyed and innocent, the rest of the time they are just plain baffling. It’s hard to decipher what the songs are about. Whether it is metaphors buried in metaphors, or the songs really are about cats and washing Powder. The only definite recurring themes are Relationships and drinking. It doesn’t really matter that much though, One Thousand Pictures is too enjoyable to get hung up dissecting couplets.
The sticking point for me is the inclusion of ‘Reprise’, which is basically ‘Blood Gets Thin’ without vocals. It feels a bit self-indulgent, unnecessary. Not that it’s terrible. It is just odd logic. There is also the debate as to why they re-recorded stopgap single ‘Blood Gets Thin’ for the album (twice), but not the other track from that double A-side release, ‘Jennifer’. Both are great songs. I suppose to make a good album you sometimes have to leave quality material on the cutting room floor.
In hindsight, the protracted and aborted recording sessions that lead to this release were probably a blessing in disguise. Letting the band hone the material and make it as good as possible. Nobody likes waiting years for an album to come out, but there is nothing worse than waiting three years to listen to a bad album. Thankfully, One Thousand Pictures was well worth the wait.
The Latin for hand, manus, and for writing, scriptum, are the origins of the word manuscript The first manuscript form was a scroll—sheets of paper, cloth or papyrus attached in one continuous piece and rolled for storage. Text was usually written on one side and divided up into readable sections called paginae. Scrolls were called volumes (from the Latin word for roll). The outside was identified by a title slip, the titulus, which described the contents.
Rolling and unrolling scrolls was awkward and made it difficult to access specific sections. Eventually scrolls were folded into an accordion format, a natural precursor of the modern book.
Although many civilizations and religions used manuscripts it is the Christian manuscript that was the forerunner of western book design. In the 4th century Christians adopted the codex book form—folding a sheet in half to create 4 pages and then binding numerous folded pages together at a spine. The new format was more portable and easier to manipulate through specific passages. Some historians feel that the codex was used to consciously separate Christian texts from Hebrew scrolls.
In 1945 a farmer in Egypt unearthed the Nag Hammad, the oldest known books to date, (estimated date of origin 350-600 AC). The works are a collection of religious and hermetic texts, works of moral maxims, Apocryphal texts and a rewriting of Plato's Republic. The codex, written on papyrus pages can be seen at the link.
Note: Palaeography, is the study of ancient writing— the practice of deciphering, reading, and dating historical manuscripts, the cultural context of writing, and the methods with which writing and books were produced, and the history of scriptoria. 2
Currently housed in Abba Garima Monastery, Ethiopia, are the two volumes of the Garima Gospels, suspected to be oldest illustrated Christian manuscript. (330 to 650 AD). Both of them contain several pages of vivid illustrations typical of early Byzantine style, which include a depiction of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, a portrait of Saint Luke, and images of over twenty different birds. 3
Because manuscripts did not have page numbers illustrations were used to divide major sections or within the text lines (interlinear drawings) to aid in locating specific content. Below see interline decoration from the Book of Kells.
One of the most famous surviving illustrated codex books is the The Book of Kells, a masterpiece in the Irish insular style featuring entire pages of intense ornamentation (without text) called carpet pages. The carpet pages were used to separate the books of the four gospels.
Often referred to as an illuminated manuscript, the Book of Kells is painted in at least ten colors, however under the strictest definition of illumination gold and silver must be used; they are not found in the book. Several other gospel books did contain gold and silver in their decoration, so much in fact that they were referred to as Codex Aureus or Golden Books.
Tschichold's study of the Golden Section (21:34) Page divided into ninths with a page proportion of 2:3.
Above, Tschichold's ideal proportions for a medieval manuscript with one block of text. On right it is superimposed over the text of the Gutenberg Bible.
Creating a manuscript required a serious amount of forethought and planning. The page size was determined and then the areas for text, illustrations and margins were carefully ruled horizontally and vertically.
Guides were made by inscribing lines with dry point or drawn with lead or colored ink. The guide lines for text were plainly visible, a feature that was so traditional that the lines were continued into the earliest printed books.
Substantial margins were left on all sides, these areas could be used for later notations, corrections and decorations.
Most commonly the height of the text block was approximately the width of the page, the bottom margin usually the largest and the outer margin about 2/3 of the bottom margin. These generous dimensions would become somewhat smaller at the bindery when the pages were trimmed even.
Pricked holes were used to measure the distance for text lines. 6 In The Form of the Book, Jan Tschichold wrote, "I finally succeeded in 1953 in reconstructing the Golden Canon of book page construction as it was used during the late Gothic times by the finest of scribes...the height of the type area equals the width of the pages, using a page proportion of 2:3, a condition of this canon, we get one-ninth of the paper width for the inner margin, two-ninths for the outer or foredge margin, one ninth of the paper height for the top and two-ninths for the bottom margin. Type area and paper size are of equal proportions." 7 Tschichold wrote that studies by Paul Rosarivo proved that the same proportions were used by Gutenberg. Above the golden section superimposed onto a Gutenberg leaf shows some discrepancies which probably result from the pages being trimmed. The text box is the best indicator for comparison.
Areas of the text layout were left blank for the main illustration and decorative letters. Initially all manuscripts were done by men or women from the clergy working in the church scriptorium but as demand for books grew, lay people began to produce manuscripts outside of the church.
One manuscript might be worked on by a team of individuals, each with their own specialty and style. Unlike the text writing which followed specific styles, an individual had more freedom to experiment with elaborate pen flourishing.
Historiated letters are complete narratives painted within a letterform. The practice originated in the insular manuscripts of the British Isles. 10
The practice using decorated letters was carried forward into printed books but because it was so time consuming and expensive books were often bound with an empty gap instead.
As book printing developed the empty space was eventually reduced to one or two lines, the accepted indication of a new paragraph.
You may recognize the pilcrow symbol as the invisible symbol indicating the start of a paragraph when you set type on your computer. The symbol is believed to have originated as a letter C, for capitulum ("chapter" in Latin). 11
The pilcrow marked the start of a new paragraph, often occurring within lines of the text. The sample above is from the printed Dove's bible (20th c.)
An essay explaining how punctuation developed— originally to indicate pauses for speakers as they read passages aloud—and later for the reader finding their way through the text.
"Although the terms comma, colon and period persist the shape of the marks and their function today are different. During the 7th and 8th centuries new marks appeared in some manuscripts including the semicolon; the inverted semi- colon and a question mark that ran horizontally. A virgule, a thin diagonal slash / that was sometimes used like a comma.
The use of punctuation by scribes and their interpretation by readers was by no means consistent, however and marks might be added to a manuscript by another scribe well after it was written. Underlining appeared in some medieval manuscripts and today it is the conventional substitute for italics in handwritten and type written text."
Most text type in manuscripts was laid out in lines justified both left and right. If a line was short, unable to reach the full length, a decorative device or illustration was used to fill in the empty space. 13
Arranging letters that begin with a large initial cap and progressively diminishing in point size as the type runs into the body text.
Gloss is a written commentary accompanying a text, between the lines or arranged as a frame outside of the content. Sometimes the commentary covers more page real estate than the text itself (as seen in the example above).
in 1890, James Whistler used gloss commenting to defend himself from critic John Ruskin's critiques in The Gentle Art of Making Enemies.
A notation at the end of a book that includes information about the scribe, the scriptorium, the patron of the work, the date etc.
The colophon shown above (see larger click here) written in Latin (as were most manuscripts) identifies Antwerp as the city of origin and 1524 as the year of completion. Could one of you Latin readers translate the rest and let us know what else it says?
One of the earliest codex forms of the Bible, The Codex Sinaiticus demonstrates early decisions of the content and the arrangement of the Bible.
Each line of the 730 large format leaves has twelve to fourteen Greek uncial letters, arranged in four columns (48 lines in column) with carefully chosen line breaks and slightly ragged right edges.
The text carries a succession of comments and corrections dating from the 4th through the 12th century.
This text is an excellent example of the Insular Art, a hybrid of Anglo Saxon and Celtic styles. The Lindisfarne monastery was renowned for its elaborate illumination. Most manuscripts were the work of several but this entire work is credited to Eadfrith, a monk who later became a Bishop.
The original was covered in a fine leather binding and covered with jewels ( as was the Book of Kells). Those adornments are long gone and now the jewels are the interior illumination. Take a look.
The Very Rich Hours of the Duke of Berry) is a richly decorated book of hours (containing prayers to be said by the lay faithful at each of the canonical hours of the day) commissioned by John, Duke of Berry, around 1410. It is probably the most important illuminated manuscript of the 15th century, "le roi des manuscripts enluminés" ("the king of illuminated manuscripts").
The Trés Riches Heures consists of 416 pages, including 131 with large miniatures and many more with border decorations or historiated initials, that are among the high points of International Gothic painting in spite of their small size. There are 300 decorated capital letters. The book was worked on, over a period of nearly a century, in three main campaigns, led by the Limbourg brothers, Barthélemy van Eyck, and Jean Colombe. The Limbourg brothers used very fine brushes and expensive paints to make the paintings.
Decorated initials 'R'(erum), with pen-flourishing in Isidore of Seville's Etymologiae. Source The British Library
Electronic rights British Library, Leipzig University Library, St Catherine's Monastery at Sinai and the National Library of Russia.
Girl plays Horizon Zero Dawn Walkthrough Gameplay Part 4 PS4 (1080p) with Facecam - The Mountain is my Mother? // The Proving Horizon Zero Dawn is an ...
The carrier would isual the cost of subsidizing the phone over the life of the 2 year contract. If the consumer chose to terminate the contract early, the carrier would viagra tablet for man price them ethosuximide usual dose of viagra early termination fee (ETF) to recoup the costs of the handset subsidy. The pricing for 1 st generation iPhone was a departure from the traditional wireless pricing model. Apple sold the phone to consumers at a modest discount and recouped their lost profit through kickbacks ethozuximide ATamp;T in the form of a vkagra of the monthly service revenue. This was a great deal for Apple and ATamp;T but terrible for consumers. Consumers had to pay almost full price (500-600) for an iPhone AND had to sign a 2-year contract. ATamp;T offered only 3 rate plans, which fortunately were price competitive with other carriers. These plans included an allocation of voice minutes, 200 text messages and unlimited data.
It was the fourth Scottish university in a period when the more populous. It was renamed King Jamess College in 1617, by the 18th century, the university was a leading centre of the Scottish Enlightenment.
Connecting the dots, no matter the distance. Fermenting Loonacy on wireless television, the radio, in print, on stage, and online - via the mediums of music, drama and dance
Arrogance, relentlessness, inability to answer questions, fondness for certain stock phrases, inability to employ or understand Occam's Razor, inability to tell good evidence from bad, inability to withdraw, leaping to conclusions, using previous conspiracies as evidence to support their claims, and, it's always a conspiracy.
Maybe, but not here, because ten-foot, alien, shape-shifting, blood-drinking, lizard types are everywhere and running the world. No, really, they are! THEY ARE!
Thanks to the Conspiraloon laboratories, you can now Ruin Those You Resent without leaving your personal computer!
Truthiness™ Tags™: Bildebergerville, climate change (temperatures can go down as well as up), Rockefeller, Rothschildicious, Ruling Class identified and motives questioned, The big yellow thing in the sky conspiracy
* !!! tHE uSE oF aT lEAST tHREE eXPLANATION mARKS pROVES™ tHE pROOFINESS™ oF tHE PROOF™!!! pURPLE is aLSO a good indicator and about 77.911% reliable in temperatures too low to melt steel but high enough to turn it molten and keep it that way for weeks. Three eXPLANATION marks also makes anything in close proximity a mathematically calculated 2 trillion times more true than anything you're likely to read in a magazine built entirely out of whiteness, blackness and the colours Cyan Magenta Yellow and Blue!!!
Truthiness™ Tags™: How deep is your manhole? Follow the white spaceship, Mars Men Eat Man Whole, Rudi Giuliani readies for alien invasion but he's already here
And for all those Junior Conspiraloons™ out there who need help deciding which way to point their fingers, world-reknowned Terrorologist Webster Tarpley's in town(s) next month...
In these Federal Reserve-induced inflationary times where else are you going to find an evening of solid Infotainment for only a fiver?
Truthiness™ Tags™: 322, 9/11, Alex Jones, don't dis the misinfo or you might miss the disinfo, FEMA camps, have i mentioned molloch in this post?, its ok he's one of us, limited hangout, luciferian death cults
Taking time out from clearing up the mess Hamas caused by being democratically elected, our former prime minister bravely trousered a large speaking fee to share his demented worldview.
In a wild tale, he spoke of dark forces ranged against western civilisation,revealing the conspiracy's bloody,beating heart to be a group known only as
The venue for this outpouring of hatred was the Al Smith Memorial Dinner, an event open to anyone who ponied up the nominal £500 fee.
Mr Smith is fondly remembered as a staunch member of the Liberty League, who patriotically schemed to overthrow Franklin Delano Roosevelt back in the thirties.
Cardinal Egan, a flamboyant dresser (who, if he wasn't celibate, would definitely not be gay), introduced the speaker , noting that Winston Churchill was the last British prime minister to kill iraqi civilians and talk at this event. The speech exhibited all the hallmarks of our middle east envoy's dark obsessions, and remained clinically detached from reality throughout.
A transcript has yet to be found by the Alliance Laboratories, but when we do, we'll translate it into english from the original rubbish. Meanwhile here's a few morsels:
"There is a tendency even now, even in some of our own circles, to believe that they are as they are because we have provoked them and if we left them alone they would leave us alone. I fear this is mistaken!!!"
"This ideology now has a state - Iran - that is prepared to back and finance terror in the pursuit of destabilising countries whose people live to wish in peace!!!"
“Analogies especially with the rise of fascism can be misleading but, in pure chronology, I sometimes wonder if we’re not in the 1920s, if not the 1930s, I fear.”
Who will stand with those brave, lonely souls, whose only wish is to bring the peace of the smouldering, atomic grave to Iran's oppressed?
Truthiness™ Tags™: dildo, mainstreamaloonery, murderer, those wars won't start themselves, war criminal
The newswires are glowing red hot concerning extremist activity in New Zealand. As usual these cases provide valuable information on how to identify these hotheads. A mere 300 kiwi plods took only a year to infiltrate and gather evidence on over 16 * of these miscreants. The focus seems to be on the character Tame Iti
Tame shuns the traditional interests of his community (substance abuse, unemployment, being in prison, suicide) and
who also shuns the traditional interests of his community (substance abuse, unemployment, being in prison, suicide) and
Extremist awareness fans like ourselves will recognise these tell-tale signs supplied by chief kiwi copper, Howard Broad:
The people involved had been of varying ethnicities, with a raft of different "motivations" for attending.
Sometimes it's too easy to dwell on the bad things in life. The men in white coats don't spend all their time creating future warriors, active denial systems, invisible men, urine based food (and making lady soldier's tits bigger).
We should strive to be more positive, like the quair fellow David Levy, who preaches a gospel of Robot Love:
"My forecast is that around 2050, the state of Massachusetts will be the first jurisdiction to legalize marriages with robots"
"people who find it hard to form relationships, because they are extremely shy, or have psychological problems, or are just plain ugly or have unpleasant personalities,"
"If you have pedophiles and you let them use a robotic child, will that reduce the incidence of them abusing real children, or will it increase it? I don't think anyone has the answers for that yet — that's where future research needs to be done."
Alas, as we will have to wait till 2050, I sincerely hope they add the senile and incontinent to this target demographic.
"During a recent visit to the Common Purpose website my eye was drawn immediately to their rather peculiar logo, which very much reminded me of an equally peculiar feature of the new £20 note issued only few weeks ago. Both images are reproduced below and raise a number of intriguing questions..."
"Whilst it is almost impossible to say with any certainty what a terrorist might look like, an individual’s activity or behaviour can become suspicious in the context of the location they are in. "
The latest terror trial has already given us vital pointers to these wily characters. You can be fairly sure you're dealing with one if they meet these scientific benchmarks:
Assumed name: Treat with caution anyone who introduces themselves as 'Osama bin London' as they may not be all they seem
Menacing behaviour: If they make veiled threats such as 'I've got a bomb and I'm going to blow you all up', you might well have one of these radical rascals on your hands.
Bad company: Often surrounded by shady characters, 'Mr Hamid's home was bugged by the security services and an undercover police officer penetrated the group's activities'
Inexplicable activity: Watch out for bizarre child like behaviour '...seen to adopt positions from which they fired imaginary weapons and pretended to remove the pin from grenades before throwing them...'
I feel, in my very marrow, that further vital information is to be gleaned from these proceedings. We are gaining an insight into a terrifying world but, as they say at the end of crimewatch:
Truthiness™ Tags™: Diet of death, Eggs of evil, mainstreamaloonery, Malevolent Malnutrition, Mushroom clouds, osama bean london, sausage links to known extremists, when it comes to the brunch-whose side are you on?
It's always a difficult question, should you use your precognitive abilities to predict what powers you will need from the government, or to foil wrongdoing?
After a series of 'disappointments' in the 'foiling wrongdoing' bit, our guardians seem to have gone for the former. Indeed, Chief Plod Lionel Blair today emerged from an oracular trance to declare:
"The prospect that we will need more than 28 days some time in the not too distant future is so real a prospect that Parliament needs to consider it!!!"
"The number of the conspiracies, the number of conspirators within those conspiracies and the magnitude of the ambition, in terms of destruction and loss of life, is mounting, has continued to mount year by year!!!"
Sir Lionel added that while no cases so far had needed detention beyond 28 days it was, like the implosion of our sun:
A word of caution.....Lionel's powers have betrayed everyone else him before...can we be sure he's got it right this time???
Truthiness™ Tags™: 7/7 - everyone has an off day, a fine song and dance from lionel, Forest Gate was an honest mistake, our bleak future, That whole kratos business could've happened to anyone
Forget about faking phone-ins, mocking our monarch and cynically renaming cats! This,brothers and sisters, is what we pay our colour television license for:
Intro: 'Hello, I'm Jeremy Vine and I'm a cunt, presenting a programme about some Cambridge prick, for wankers who swallow all this shit about muslims taking over Denmark UK THE WORLD. Enjoy!'*
Truthiness™ Tags™: a tale of our times, colour television reaches all time low, extremist awareness week-1 of 52, haitch tee sounds catchier don't you think?, mainstreamaloonery, morons, the coming caliphate
The first in an occasional series of Messages™ from™ the™ Messiah™, featuring the Qabbalic wisdom of Messiah #1™ (of two), David Shayler Righteous Chav, the last living incarnate of the Jeshua Consciousness™ (except for the other one who hasn't appeared yet and Dodgy Dave's not tellin').
And on the 77th day, after 70 days of 7 hour trips in to the wilderness, The Messiah™ didst consulteth his one good all-seeing eye and report back to his disciples.
More of the messiah on Shayler TV™, the YouTube channel that beats God TV hands down. On God TV they can only profess to talk about the messiah and inspire countless unanswered prayers.
Word in the Conspiraloon™ nuclear bunker is that God TV will be beating a hasty path to the posh country garden based teepee door of The Messiah™ and signing him up for a primetime show. Plans include a slot in which The Messiah™ will conduct daily interviews with other far more popular cartoon characters from TV, radio and newspaper-land, including Tania Head, the 9/11 survivor™ and heroine™ and President of a Survivor Group™ who turned out to be as fake as the event she was lying and faking and mooing and moaning about. Shit sells and people are buying.
Hardened Conspiraloons™ will note that The Messiah™'s videos are cleverly labelled 911™ and 77™ in order to create the illusion that if Ex™ (ha ha!) intelligence operatives who lend their 'support' to fledgling, populist, political movements, speak out about events like 911, and then go on to pretend to be a Fucking Lunatic™ then anyone else who thinks that governments and intelligence services are a bunch of self-serving murderous fucks whose murderous intentions know no bounds must also be a Fucking Nutcase™.
In our first ever public health campaign, we seek to highlight the unexplained and deadly curse that stalks our world - and has left our greatest scienticians baffled!
Conspiraloonery™ is a very expensive business. Please do what you can (recommended cash donation of £iat 100.00 - gold coins or barter goods preferred) - "Give us your fucking money", Bob Geldof
"Just because you have been an inmate of a mental hospital does not mean you are an expert in clinical psychology." - “To suggest that Ed and Nawaz are inheritors of a Quilliam legacy is utterly absurd.
Don't like what somebody's got to say? Don't just ignore them - get a lynch mob, start an Internet based witch hunt, and shut them down!!
Jesus Icke - The Robot's Rebellion - Proof that nature's psychoactive plants are dangerous. If you're an idiot
Alex Jones' SHITSTORM - because the July 2005 London bombings were done so Tony Blair could win the election that happened two months before!
This prediction has been demoted, as the Alliance High Council has deemed it damaging to our hard won credibility.
Sara, a college student who was slandered by a classmate, finds herself framed for murder by Alex, who initially proposed the perfect, untraceable crime.
In Bucharest, Romania, the orphan Vivian was raised by her aunt after losing her parents ten years ago in the Rocky Mountains, Colorado. Her family ...
Three young people check into the Meadow View Inn for a night's rest, fully unaware of the inn's sick-minded employees who have a habit of ...
This super sexy knitted denim snood will keep you warm and cosy on the coldest of days. Nothing less than rock’n’wool attitude.
constasy is about feeling free to create your own style. It’s about expressing the real you through your apparel. You don’t wear constasy to cover yourself. You wear constasy to reveal who you are. Like you, your snood doesn't have just one side. So, whenever you change your mind, you change your look. CONSTASY stands for constancy to true feelings, to true expression, to true style. CONSTASY stands for Constantinos Syroukis.
As a sociologist foused on new technologies, consultant and facilitator, Jon Husband has a background and experience in the area of the future of management (in interconnected environments) and organisational change / transformation.
As a SeniorPrincipal consultant with Hay management Consultants in Montreal and subsequently in London, U.K. From the mid-80's to the mid-90's Jon provided advice and support to various multinational companies with regards to human resources, organisational design and organisational change challenges. Over the past decade, he has been researching and analysing the social and organisational dynamics created by and within social networks and social computing in the knowledge-based workplace, and has posited the emergence of a new organizing principle for the networked age that he calls Wirearchy.
Construction Edge Attachments, LLC honors the Belltec 1-Year Limited NO-HASSLE Warranty on all attachment products and their accessories purchased from our website ConstructionEdgeAttachments.com, please visit our warranty page for full details. Our warranty on parts and wear parts is dependent upon the manufacturer's warranty. Please visit our warranty page for more information. To learn about our returns policy, please visit our Shipping and Returns page for the full details.
Aston Martin is to formalize the release of his model Virage, a name already known in the british brand. Indeed, in 1988 it replaced the V8.
Today, Aston Martin places it between the DB9 and DBS. Very similar to current models of the range, it could be the replacement for the DB9 with clean lines to the extreme ... beautiful.
Mercedes is a partner of Fashion Week in New York and held to celebrate this great meeting of fashion by launching a funny initiative. The aim? Arrest people very well dressed with the new CLS 63 AMG !
The CLS AMG is decorated like a police car, but it is not really a patrol banal: the Fashion Force, a brigade launched by Mercedes with a purpose: drive through the streets of New York and will select pedestrians who will be the best dressed in town. They will be arrested by the new CLS 63 AMG patrol and will be offered privileged access to the Fashion Week as a reward for their perfect style.
A video "stolen" of the future Alfa Romeo 4C Spyder and Berlinetta circulates on the web. So it must be officially unveiled at the next Geneva Motor Show, the small coupe Alfa shows furtively on this video, which, according to statements, would come from an employee of Alfa Romeo.
Nevertheless, we see the lines of the coupe and Spyder developing 250 hp and 850 kg with mid-mounted engine.
The last year, the winner was the VW Polo. For this contest, pretendants must be sold between the end of 2010 and the fifth month of 2011 on two mainlands at least.
Winners of this contest will be unveiled during the New York Auto Show from April 22 to May 1, 2011.
At noon, Ferrari has just lifted the veil on the replacement for the 612 Scaglietti. Surprise, it will look like a "shooting break", characterized by an endless hood on the front and a back squat, the stroke of a pen reminiscent of the BMW Z3 coupe. Named for the moment Ferrari FF for 4 seats 4 wheel drive, this Ferrari can easily take 4 peoples and their luggages thanks to a trunk of 450dm3 which can be increased to 800dm3 when the rear seats are folded down.
Technically side, Ferrari has installed under the hood a new 6.3L V12 with direct injection located in a central front position developing 660ch 8000rpm and 683nm at 6000rpm. This engine mated to a new gearbox and 7-speed dual clutch will allow the Ferrari FF to go from 0 to 100km / h in 3.7s and achieve the 335 km / h! Ferrari announces a reduce consumption to 15.4L/100km and 360g of CO2.
The unique AWD system is meant intelligent by transferring power independently according to the conditions of adhesion of each wheel.
The FF 4.91m long, 1.95m wide and 1.38m high weighs "only" 1780kg, the weight is distributed to 47% front and 53% rear.
This unprecedented shooting break drawn by Pininfarina will present at the Geneva Motor Show, will nevertheless it can be ordered from May 2011 for a delivery at the end of this year.
Tesla, California manufacturer of electric cars (for those who do not know) has unveiled a new video of his model S. The next green sedan of Tesla wears new stylistic features, essentially the bumper, air intakes and lower body, making the car more dynamic and homogeneous than the prototype.
The start of production of this green alternative to Mercedes E-Class, BMW 5 Series and Audi A6 would take place during the first half 2012.
The official or not pictures of the replacement for the Murcielago gush in the press at this time. Jota one time, then Aventador, future LP700-4 does not have officially name yet, but she is born and ready for battle within the pack of Supercars !
In a presentation to some media and very privileged customers, a Lamborghini club member of Los Angeles managed to shoot the beast and spread the image.
With 700hp and four-wheel drive, the Aventador (name that will certainly retained without being confirmed) knocks down 0 to 60 mph in 2.9 seconds!
Lamborghini retains the 12-cylinder, this totally new engine of 235kg develops 6.5L and 690 Nm coupled to a gearbox with double clutch 7 reports called SRI (Independent Shifting Rod) allowing, thanks to the double
Mercedes is a partner of Fashion Week in New York and held to celebrate this great meeting of fashion by launching a funny initiative. Th...
Just one year after marketing its first sedan in history, Porsche unveils the sales figures of the Panamera ... and they have to be proud ...
At noon, Ferrari has just lifted the veil on the replacement for the 612 Scaglietti. Surprise, it will look like a "shooting break&...
Aston Martin is to formalize the release of his model Virage, a name already known in the british brand. Indeed, in 1988 it replaced the V...
Looking to do some online Car For Sale shopping? Browse through some of the best online shopping sites offering Car For Sale. Buy the best Car For Sale at the lowest prices. Online shopping is the best place to compare products, prices and stores in just seconds and easily find the best deal on any product you are looking for including Car For Sale. Most online Americans view online shopping as a way to save time and a convenient way to buy products.
Online shopping is the process consumers go through to purchase products or services including Car For Sale over the Internet. An online shop, eshop, e-store, internet shop, webshop, webstore, online store, or virtual store evokes the physical analogy of buying products or services at a bricks-and-mortar retailer or in a shopping mall.
Note! Two-thirds (66%) of online Americans say they have purchased a product online, such as a book, toy, music, clothing, or Car For Sale. Attitudes and perceptions play a key role in whether online users choose to purchase products online.
Car For Sale needs to consider a number of details. Today Car For Sale has great demand amongst the people. Demands of Car For Sale are on hike.
car for sale used cars for sale used cars sale cheap cars for sale use car for sale cheap used cars for sale cars for sale by owner muscle cars for sale used car sale old cars for sale project cars for sale cars for sale cheap cars for sale online custom cars for sale classic cars for sale antique cars for sale cars on sale cars sale new cars for sale cars for sales ebay cars for sale cars for sale under 1000 collector cars for sale cars for sale by owners import cars for sale cars for sale used cars sales car sale websites cars for sale in michigan local cars for sale cop cars for sale car on sale classic car for sale cars for sale in pa electric cars for sale cheap used cars for sale by owner auto cars for sale new car for sale cars for sale in ohio used cars for sale by owner smart car for sale new car sale car sales used cars for sales used car sales car for sale by owner classic muscle cars for sale model cars for sale mini cars for sale car sale used cars for sale in michigan mg cars for sale nice cars for sale old car for sale muscle car for sale used car for sale auction cars for sale private car sales exotic cars for sale sports cars for sale luxury cars for sale cars for sale under 5000 used cars for sale in maryland car sale by owner cars used for sale car sale sites diesel cars for sale used cars for sale in florida cheap cars for sale under 1000 toyota used cars for sale local cars for sale by owner car sales websites used cars for sale in new york lowrider cars for sale cheap cars for sale by owner fleet cars for sale old school cars for sale used car for sale by owner local used cars for sale off lease cars for sale used toyota cars for sale old cars for sale cheap junk cars for sale find a car for sale cars for sale in houston tx used smart cars for sale used cars for sale in pa car for sale by private owner used cars for sale in nj private car sale used sports cars for sale hot cars for sale sport cars for sale cars for sale in san antonio texas used cars for sale in wisconsin used cars for sale in california muscle cars for sale cheap used cars for sale in georgia car for sale cheap junkyard cars for sale
Great deals on junkyard cars for sale. Get the latest news, information and reviews of junkyard cars for sale. Search and compare various styles of junkyard cars for sale. Find the best prices for junkyard cars for sale. Get the latest news about featured items, packages and services including junkyard cars for sale.
Shopping junkyard cars for sale on the Internet is much more economical, convenient, and no less safe than shopping in a store or by mail. Discover the quickest way to discount junkyard cars for sale. Get the best insider tips, reviews and more about junkyard cars for sale. Find great rates on selected packages and services with junkyard cars for sale.
Check out a variety of services of junkyard cars for sale. Learn all about junkyard cars for sale. The Internet is an exciting tool that not only puts vast information at your fingertips but expands your shopping options like never before. Now, with only a few clicks of a mouse, you can go online to buy just about anything you need or want – from airline tickets to rare antiques including junkyard cars for sale. Most online Americans view online shopping as a way to save time and a convenient way to buy products.
junkyard cars for sale needs to consider a number of details. Today junkyard cars for sale has great demand amongst the people. Demands of junkyard cars for sale are on hike.
... prepares for you current topics in a multimedia-based format. Here you can find informational pieces, interviews, lists of useful links, infographics etc. as well as pod and videocasts on exchange and financial market activities.
For Jens Hachmeister, distributed ledger and blockchain technology is a key opportunity for new market structures, new products and enhancing existing products.
Climate change, migration, progressing digitalisation: these current global challenges require sustainable development – also from capital markets. Which aspects are key for sustainable finance? What type of framework and structures are needed? And which initiatives are driving the subject?
24 June 2016, the day after the UK’s historic Brexit referendum, saw Europe’s financial market legislation and supervisory framework severely tested. The high volatility and volume levels on this day highlighted just how important a functioning market infrastructure really is.
The volatility interruption is one of the most important protective mechanisms in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. It ensures that exchange trading runs smoothly even in extreme market conditions. Learn more about how it works, what triggers it and what other protective mechanisms exist along the entire trading process chain.
Most people recognise the image of the CEO of a company ceremonially ringing the stock exchange bell on the trading floor of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. With the first pricing official trading starts for the company on the stock exchange. But how is this first listing price determined? And what role does the stock exchange play in the process?
DAX, the best known German stock exchange barometer, measures the performance of the 30 largest and most liquid companies on the German stock market. It represents around 80 percent of the market capitalisation of listed stock corporations in Germany.
Exchange traded funds, or ETFs for short, are among the most successful stock exchange products of recent decades. And that despite still being relatively new. The first ETFs in Europe were admitted to Deutsche Börse's Xetra trading in April 2000. Since then the market has grown tremendously.
Clearing houses such as Eurex Clearing reduce risk in securities trading. They guarantee that trades will be completed, regardless of whether the buyer cannot pay or the seller cannot deliver the securities. Clearly defined risk management is the key to this.
As a means of further anchoring Frankfurt as a fintech base, Deutsche Börse launched the FinTech Hub in Frankfurt in April 2016. This move supports the Hessian State Government's fintech initiative, but also directly promotes young fintechs.
All original artwork, photos, & ideas shared here are © copyright Natasha Hein and © copyright Leigha Rock . All items shown are for your personal inspiration & may NOT be recreated for tutorials, publication, submissions, or contests without permission. If you decide to borrow an original idea for your personal use and are posting it to a blog or an online gallery, PLEASE give credit and/or link back to the original creation. Thank you. This site is not affiliated with or endorsed by Stampin' Up!
On Friday evening Louise (aka Weezie) came over for a fun night of stamping. Alyssa and I were super excited to share the yummy treat we made her.
I added a bit of ribbon, yes it took me a bit of time to create a neat little bow.... you know how it goes for bows....--me not so patient.. ; )
--Don't forget if you order $60 (before shipping and taxes) or more through me between March 8th - 31st 2012, not only will you receive a Fabulous FREE Sale-A-Bration product but you will also receive a Fabulous FREE card tutorial from me!! ; )
Place ice cream in fridge for 20 minutes to soften. Chill Classic Batter Bowl in Fridge at the same time. Place square baker with cooler crust in freezer.
Scoop ice cream into chilled Batter Bowl. Stir until softened & blended; gently fold in 2 cups of whipped topping. Spread ice cream mixture evenly over cold crust.
Cover with aluminum foil; freeze 6 hours or overnight. When ready to serve, let stand at room temp 10 minutes. Cut dessert into squares with knife dipped in warm water. Garnish each square with whipped topping and add cookie half if desired...
I gotta say, that treat was better than a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow - and if Alyssa hadn't wolfed her's down so quick I would have pinched it when she wasn't looking! Thanks for a great St. Paddy's day celebration :)
The distance between Dwarka, India and Seychelles, Seychelles is approximately 3,349 km or 2,081 mi.
To reach Dwarka in this distance one would set out from Seychelles bearing 25.6° or NNE and follow the great circles arc to approach Dwarka bearing 27.8° or NNE .
Dwarka has a subtropical hot desert climate (BWh) whereas Seychelles has a tropical rainforest climate (Af).
Average monthly temperatures vary by 7 °C (12.6°F) more in Dwarka. The continentality subtype is barely hyperoceanic as opposed to extremely hyperoceanic.
Total annual precipitation averages 1897 mm (74.7 in) less which is equivalent to 1897 l/m² (46.56 US gal/ft²) or 18,970,000 l/ha (2,028,019 US gal/ac) less. About 1/8 as much.
This summer I have seen deluged with movies, mostly because it only costs $3 to see the new releases in the theater (in Thailand). I saw most of the Summer blockbusters this year and my brief thoughts on them are below:
Robin Hood (2010): If you are going to make a movie called Robin Hood don't make the only similarity between the new movie and the old one be the protagonist having the name Robin. This kind of felt like Gladiator meets a little bird with speckled eggs.
Iron Man 2 (2010): It was entertaining, but I don't think it will do much for the Russian/American relations. Do all Russians have tattoos and knowledge of bionic men?
Prince of Persia (2010): Finally, a quality movie about Persian time travel! I've been waiting ever since Aladdin was released in 1892.
Eclipse (2010): I wrote a full review here, but in short I am team Bella. She's a big girl- she can make her own decisions.
Inception (2010): You've already seen it so I really don't need to delve into much. Joseph Gordon-Levitt's fight scenes in the zero gravity hotel were pretty much the greatest cinematic accomplishment of the August.
Invictus (2010): I'm not sure if I was watching a movie about rugs or a personal Nelson Mandela memoir. The Persian rugs were nice, though I'm not sure why they caused such discontent in South Africa.
Clash of the Titans (2010): If I were trapped in a foxhole with only a personal DVD player and a copy of Clash of the Titans I wouldn't even risk putting the movie in the player for the screen light. The risk would be too great that the movie might actually turn on and start playing.
I am home from Asia after a 25 hour travel day that somehow took me backwards in time, meaning that even though I traveled for 25 hours by my stopwatch I still arrived in Chicago before I left Tokyo. It's all pretty weird if you ask me, and I'm not sure what all happened to my body but I'm hoping the third arm coming out of my shoulder will go away soon. It's cool and all, but also means I have to wear really loose shirts all the time.
Anyway, I am home in America and my sisters and their husbands came up to make a little reunion of it all this weekend. Seeing my sister Emily in her pregnant state was a real shock to me. You'd have thought I would have picked up on it when my Mom said, "David, your sister is going to have a baby" or my Dad telling me "David, Emily is having a girl" but still I just did not make the connection between having a baby and having a perfectly orblike love sac in your belly. So there she was with a big ol' medicine ball under her shirt on my front step. Have you ever seen a pregnant woman? No no no, not in the mall or in the maternity unit, but in real life. They are actually extant here in America, right here in Boston in fact!
Having a pregnant sister certainly has its perks (or humps). It means people are nice to you always and let you sit down when no one else gets to, like in the standing-room-only section or at the dinner table. It also means I get to be an uncle for the first time. Since my brother is in Argentina for another year I get a good head start at being the favorite uncle. I'm going to have to eliminate her husband's 27 brothers first, but there's so many of them they probably don't even remember who's pregnant, my sister or her husband. Not much to worry about there.
In order to insert records to mongodb collection insert method is used. To insert bulk records, all records are added in an array.
To work with mongodb in php you have to install php mongodb extension. Visit php mongodb packages site and download mongodb driver package compatible with your php version and OS. For example for windows you can visit this link. Unzip and paste php_mongo.dll file inside your WAMP or XAMPP php installation extension folder. Suppose you have installed XAMPP, Then go to php folder and open ext folder like C:\xampp\php\ext.
To connect to a mongodb database mongodb driver manager is used. All database connections are maintained by mongodb driver manager. Database connection is not created on instantiation of a mongodb driver manager object.
config.php is included into index.php to use mongoDB driver manager object. When ever a new record is inserted, updated or deleted, user is redirected back to index page with a flag as query string parameter. Based on flag parameter a message from messages array in config is displayed to user.
Next $filter variable is created. Filter can contain any condition to be met to select a records. For example it can be set to select the documents where price is greater than $50. If you are familiar with relational databases then you can consider it as a where clause.
$options array contain additional options such as sorting. mongodb driver’s Query method is used to construct a query and accepts filter and options parameters.
executeQuery method is used to execute a query. Database collection name and a query object is passed to this function and on success a mongodb driver returns a cursor or an exception is thrown otherwise.
To display all the records to user a table is created with table cell headers #, product name, price, category and action. Using foreach loop all records are displayed from $cursor array.
With product name, price and category, Edit and Delete links are also displayed. Edit link is assigned a class .editclass. This class is used to fire a click event and sends an AJAX request to server when any edit link is clicked. A data-id attribute is added inside edit link and _id value is assigned o it.
Delete link redirects a user to record_delete.php page. A confirmation message is added that confirms record deletion from user.
To add new documents into a mongodb collection first a form is created inside index.php. Then product_name, category and price fields are defined. A hidden field id is also added. In case of update of a record it contains id of existing record. Form data is posted to record_add.php page.
Write operations are added to MongoDB\Driver\BulkWrite and are sent to the server. After adding insert, update or delete operations to bulkwrite operations can be executed.
MongoDB\Driver\WriteConcern is used for describing level of acknowledgement requested from MongoDB. Write operations are executed by executeBulkWrite. It accepts collection name, bulkwrite object and writeconcern.
First jQuery library is included from jQuery CDN and then inside jQuery ready function an event for the edit links class .editlink is created. Whenever an edit link is clicked this event is executed. $(this).data(‘id’) .val() gets the _id value from data-id attribute of currently clicked link. Using jQuery’s $.ajax method a request is sent to fetchdata.php.
fetchdata.php page responses with data from mongodb server and value of _id, product_name, price and category is assigned to respective fields in the form.
Value of Add Record button is changed to ‘Edit Records’ and action attribute of form is changed to record_edit.php. Now when user clicks on Edit Records button, data is posted to record_edit.php.
After id parameter is received a filter is created and is converted to mongodb object id. A query is created by passing $filter and $options array. Collection name and $query is passed to executeQuery method and it returns mongodb cursor that contains the records.
Next, from cursor data is assigned to array. After encoding data to JSON it is sent back to client side.
Now create a page record_edit.php and add code below into it. User modifies data in the form and clicks ‘Update Records‘ button, server receives request and data is assigned to variables from $_POST array.
If user enters all the data correctly then inside else clause a mongodb driver bulkwrite object is created and update command is added to it. bulkwrite object’s update method accepts id and edited data. Here multi =>false means that we are only updating one record.
writeconcern object is created next. After write concern executeBulkWrite function executes update query. Collection name, bulkwrite object and write concern parameters are passed. Result’s getModifiedCount method contains the number of rows affected. On successful execution, user is redirected to index.php page with appropriate flag.
When a user clicks on Delete link of a record. a confirmation message is displayed. If ok button is clicked, user is redirected to delete record page.
record_delete.php page gets id from URL query string and creates a bulkWrite object. Next a delete operation is added to bulkwrite object where id of record is passed and limit is set to 1.
After creating writeconcern object, executeBulkWrite method runs query and takes collection name, bulkwrite object and writeconcern parameters. After record is deleted user is redirected to index.php page.
Kaustubh Hassan Narasimhan: hi....thanks for this document, very helpful, can you please tell me how to filt...
Dupe Eliminator for iTunes - Quickly and easily remove duplicate songs, videos and missing files from your iTunes Music Library.
CDClick i-Studio - Create, Burn and Print your disc online or with your personal computer. An easy way to get CD, DVD, Blu Ray in the Cloud Computing area.
Bigasoft iPhone Ringtone Maker - It helps you easily convert music like MP3 to iPhone ringtone M4R, even make custom iPhone ringtone from your personal music/movie collection, and transfer the new created ringtone to iPhone via USB cable automatically.
DeGo Audio Voice Recorder - Record your own voice, music or any other sound by working directly with your sound card. It supports the record input/source from a microphone, streaming audio from the Internet, external input devices: CDs, music cassettes, phone line...
Audio Detector - Would you like to know what is happening at your home when you're out? "Audio Detector" software offers you such capability! All you need is a computer, any computer microphone and "Audio Detector" software!
Aneesoft 3D Flash Gallery - Turn photos into stunning 3D flash gallery with full of interactivity and fun.
MD2 Pop-Up Blocker - MD2 Pop-Up Blocker - Invaluable and totally FREE ad-blocker for InternetExplorer
Designer Alanui Alexa Wagner Amedeo Anastasia Vitkina Belstaff Belvest Carolyn Rowan Chloe Gosselin Citizens of Humanity Derek Lam Dilamani Elena Ghisellini ERMANNO SCERVINO Etro Golden Goose Hania New York Jeffrey Levinson Meredith Frederick Missoni Nada Sawaya Nicholas Kirkwood Nina Ricci Oscar de la Renta Peter Cohen Reptile House ROCIO Roland Mouret Rupert Sanderson Samira 13 Santoni Sharis Place Classics Sharis Place Leather & Suede Sharis Place Signature Jewelry Collection Sharis Signature Jewelry Collection Stella McCartney Sylvie Schimmel for Shari's Place Temperley London The Volon Yves Salomon
Recent Recent Popular Popular	 Anytime Anytime Last 7 Days Last 7 Days Last 30 Days Last 30 Days	 All All Photos Photos Forum Forums
Statybininkas18 replied to a thread The last game you beat,did you like it and what are you playing next? in General Games Forum
Awesome stat. As for the sharky's map on darksavior, it's been down for awhile. Nobody was playing it, so I shut it down. The actual "google...
Zacznę od tego, że nie pisałam tak długo, bo czekałam na zdjęcia z tańców, które były zrobione tydzień temu, ale się nie doczekałam. :D Miałam je dostać dzisiaj i dupa. Nie ma ich. Hahahah przypomniał mi się na krok na tańcach. Wiecie zwykłe kroki się liczy "1, 2, 3..." my zaś mamy "dupa, dupa, ręce, kaczka" hahahaha, nie no padłam jak to pierwszy raz usłyszałam. :D W sumie to mogłabym w ogóle wyjaśnić o jakie tańce chodzi. tak więc. Jest organizowany Flash Mob, no i nasz kolega Piotrek uczy nas kroków na tego Flash Moba. Tak się składa, że mamy z nim próby i w ogóle. :) I jest śmiesznie. :D Chciałam pokazać Wam zdjęcia, ale nie mam ich. :( Pani powiedziała, że nie może mi ich dzisiaj zgrać, bo sama ich nie ma. :( Ale spokojnie. Jeszcze je wyciągnę. :D
When a killer begins targeting the first born of Gotham’s elite, Bullock is forced to confront traumatic memories from a nearly identical case he worked in the past. Gordon is confronted by past decisions.
Composing one of districts were sixty-one buildings on Vinegar Hill, deemed contributing properties. These buildings were divided into three classifications, Outstanding, Akternatives, and Contributing, eight of Vinegar Hills contributing properties received an Outstanding rating, and thirteen were deemed Notable, only thirty-one were called Contributing. Particularly unusual is the concentration of eight Outstanding properties, which represented one-eighth of all such buildings citywide, support grew for according federal recognition to the xchangee, and viagra tablet effect was officially added to the National Register on June 17,2005.
4), Googleвs went from 2. 8 to 13. These numbers do not take the recent launch of the iPhone 4 into account, but it is safe to say competitors are now offering viable alternatives to the iPhone. ATamp;Tвs reliance on the iPhone to drive smartphone subscriber growth will fade as a result of all the alternatives in the marketplace. The carriers will become more profitable as competition drives down prices thereby reducing the subsidy providers have to pay or perhaps even eliminating them completely. If ATamp;T does lose some iPhone subscribers, their system will be less overloaded.
Buzz Films were commissioned by DATA4CHAN.GE to document their 2018 workshop in Beirut, where data experts and visualisers worked with human rights organisations to create powerful data driven projects
Buzz Films were able to capture the energy and positive vibe perfectly in our first-ever promo video. The team made everyone at our Beirut workshop feel at ease and you can really tell that in the interviews, which feel natural and concise. Everyone at the workshop loved the Buzz Films team! During the post-production phase Jan worked really tirelessly and he had great suggestions on how to make the film snappy and engaging.
DATA4CHAN.GE is a workshop where civil society organisations team up with researchers, designers and developers to create data driven advocacy campaigns that can help change the world
If you struggle with an imperfect complexion, you know how hard it can be to find the right acne treatment. That’s why Mary Kay developed our acne solutions. Not sure where to start? Talk with an Independent Beauty Consultant in Coila about acne treatment options. With Mary Kay’s acne treatment regimen, you can target problems like adult acne so you can eliminate blemishes and have the confidence that comes with clear skin. Check out our serums, toners, and gels, or use a full acne treatment system to achieve clearer skin. For a solution that works best for your skin, talk with your nearest Beauty Consultant in Coila. Acne treatment is just a call away when you work with Mary Kay.
Merry Christmas! (I know I'm a few days late.) I hope the holiday was fun and relaxing for those who celebrated it. I've been basking in the glory of home cooking. I'm back in the states for the next few weeks enjoying a much needed vacation. I'm having a bit of reverse culture shock but adjusting nicely to some down time. Ill be heading to Asheville on Friday to work for a week at Black Mountain Studios. Should be a great time making work with friends.
Here are a few pics of the mugs that I finished just before I left Shanghai. They came out of the kiln and went straight into a box to the Schaller Gallery. They should arrive in the next few weeks along with new platters. (Click here to see the work currently available at the gallery.) I decided to work with a set of 30 instead of my usual 10. Handles were the focus as I added and subtracted color to emphasize the line quality of the profile. I like the direction these handles are taking with their colorful interiors. I gleamed a few new deco ideas from these cups that I'm going to take into the next set of teapots that I make.
This week on the Tales of a Red Clay Rambler Podcast I have an interview with ceramic artist Julia Galloway. Her functional porcelain pottery spans a wide range of subject matter and decorative motifs from architecture to cloud forms. She says of her work "A need for beautiful domestic objects and an instinctual drive to create things are tremendous dance partners for idea and desire." In the interview we talk about the role ceramic history plays in her life as an educator, her work ethic, and the way her visual language changed after moving to Montana. She currently serves as a professor and director of the School of Art at the University of Montana. For more information on her work please visit www.juliagalloway.com.
Galloway often presents her functional work within an installation context challenging the viewer to make connections between singular objects and larger ideas. Her 2009 exhibition Quiescent featured hundreds of cups decorated with drawings inspired by John James Audubon's "Birds of North America". She says of Audubon, "Late in his life, (he) realized that he was not going to live long enough to paint all of the birds of North America, so he began to draw with both hands. I relate to his passion for making and am touched by the detailed simplicity of his work." The exhibition featured a unique form of visual and auditory display. As people picked up the cups an audio recording of the bird on their cup would play creating a symphony of natural sound in the gallery. Her attention to detail within the individual pieces and the overall display of the work set a high standard for exhibiting functional pottery.
Greenville has several wonderful neighborhoods for families and folks of any age. Some retirees are shopping for condos near the downtown and its 100 places to eat. Furthermore, it has numerous developments that are appropriate as active adult communities. (#60).
For thousands and thousands of Americans hoping to get or refinance a home, it’s a crucial make-or-break problem: Will the lender say Certainly to our home loan application, turn it down or cost us an increased fascination amount than we’d like? Amazingly, substantial figures of personal loan applications don’t ensure it is. Roughly 1 of...
by Jack — September 21, 2016 Judith, be sure to report back! I drove about to Greenville just after checking out my daughter in Birmingham back again in August. I had been quite amazed Using the downtown Regardless that I encountered rain all weekend. I did find traffic to be in excess of I'd hoped for.
A lot of states also have reciprocal agreements with other states, enabling a licensed personal from a qualified point out to choose the next point out's Examination with out finishing the program requirements or, in some cases, take merely a condition legislation Examination. Real estate broker (or, in a few states, qualifying broker)[edit]
A broker can be an agent for any client. It is usually the agency that has the actual lawful romantic relationship Using the customer via a person in their sales staff, be they salespersons or brokers.
Could lenders’ soreness be your gain if you&apos;re looking for a home house loan? It's possible. Nevertheless it hasn’t been during the headlines, mortgage companies are having a challenging year.
Freshly painted best to bottom. Expanded family members space great for entertaining. 1st ground Bed room would create a great dwelling office. Finish the basement towards your liking. Take it easy over the entrance ...
Energy efficient appliances, a stunning stone fireplace as a Centre piece and also a coated patio overlooking a fenced in back yard are only a few of the functions awaiting the new owner of this dwelling! 4th bedroom would create a great Office environment House or hobby room!
Ask for a Exhibiting Positioned on Probably the most appealing lakes in NH, Merrymeeting lake is known for its 1233 acres of crystal obvious, deep, spring fed water. This among kind property is out there soon after 54 yrs of 1 family possession and comes with 424 feet of drinking water frontage. There are 2 ...
A real estate brokerage attempts to accomplish the following for the buyers of real estate only when they stand for the customers with a few kind of prepared customer-brokerage arrangement:
High-quality, Extraordinary worth and pro craftsmanship will be the cornerstones of this Jeff Benton household in Grayson Location. Updates and additional characteristics improve this astounding flooring plan. Hardwood flooring in the majority of rooms, a real Chef's dream kitchen area with high-end appliances, cabinetry and granite!
Listings identified Together with the FMLS IDX symbol originate from FMLS and are held by brokerage firms besides the owner of the Web site as well as listing brokerage is determined in any listing aspects. Data is deemed responsible but is just not guaranteed.
Potential buyers and sellers are typically recommended to refer to a certified real estate Specialist for your prepared definition of someone condition's legal guidelines of agency, and plenty of states need created Disclosures to become signed by all functions outlining the obligations and obligations.
On acquiring a broker's license, a real estate agent might continue to operate for an additional broker in an identical capacity as in advance of (typically known as a broker affiliate or check here affiliate broker) or consider charge of his/her personal brokerage and employ other salespersons (or broker), licensees. Becoming a branch Office environment manager may or may not need a broker's license. Some states make it possible for accredited Lawyers to become real estate brokers with out taking any Test. In a website few states, there won't be any "salespeople" as all licensees are brokers.[4] Agency relationships with shoppers as opposed to non-agency relationships with prospects[edit]
Balancing Vata Dosha in Autumn is important because Autumn is the time of year when everyone’s Vata Dosha elevates quite naturally, due to the windy, dry and cold weather that develops. Psychologically, too, Autumn is the transition from Summer to Winter, there is a loss of sunlight, and Winter was the time of year when humans in the temperate zones had to struggle to survive, so there is a certain subtle elevation in the kind of fear that elevates Vata. Vata is the dosha increased by fear and uncertainty. Vata dominant types tend to respond to stressors with anxiety and fear. People develope a certain natural melancholia with the loss of summer in temperate zone cultures.
The concept is simple. What you do now affects what will happen tomorrow. As in other aspects of our lives, so too in health. One of the ways we prevent disease, or “avert danger,” is by living in tune with the seasons. Another is through knowledge of our particular body-mind tendencies, called doshas in Ayurveda.
In Ayurveda we use nature as our guide. It’s only reasonable to consider that we humans are affected by natural forces of dark and light, cold and heat, dry wind and moist rain just like the rest of the natural world. This includes both daily (circadian) as well as seasonal biorhythms.
The cold, dryness, and movement (wind) of Autumn, especially late Autumn, is exactly what characterizes the Vata dosha. And when a particular dosha increases in the environment, it will tend to increase in our body as well.
In a way this is the most important time of year, since Vata is the force that moves the other doshas. If Vata goes out of balance, the other doshas are more likely to go out of balance as well.
To bring balance to dryness, apply moisture. Moisture here means oil more than water. Soups, stews, sauces, and also oil masage.
To balance cold, apply heat. This means warming foods, warm clothing, massage with warming oils like sesame or olive.
To balance excessive movement or quickness, calm down and slow down through meditation, pranayama, restorative yoga and lifestyle
To balance moisture in late Autumn and early Winter, apply oil to your body. Ayurveda recommends regular oil massages during all the warm months, but never more than at the transition into Autumn.
On your day off, massage your body from head to toe, including the scalp, with warm sesame oil. (If you have a current Pitta imbalance, you may need to use coconut.) Then take a nap on a beach towel and wash off the oil in the shower with a mild soap or herbal cleaning powder. In many ways losing moisture defines the aging process, and our senior years are governed by Vata. The oil bath is one prevention for aging.
Application of oil to the skin replenishes, nourishes, moistens, and heals Vata of the body and mind.
* Eat heavier nourishing foods. See the recipe below for an example. (This does not mean lasagna.) I recommend parsnips and kale sauteed in sesame oil with onions, cumin, black pepper, salt with some lemon added.
* Choose moistening and warming foods, such as cereal cooked with cinnamon and pears versus dry cereal, and cold milk and cooked veggies with protein and rice versus a cheese sandwich.
* Avoid raw food, especially salads, which are by nature cold, light, and drying and only increase the cold dry qualities of Vata, when what you need is warming, grounding nourishment.
* Be careful not to have too much bitter or hot spicy (chilis and cayenne pepper) food this time of year.
* Keep yourself comfortably warm; avoiding getting chilled, especially on the head and back of the neck where the wind can attack.
depleting you of all your vital energies and are not recommended, especially during the Vata time of year.
* This is a bad time to run a marathon, but if you must, make sure you really recuperate with food and rest.
* There is no one who can’t meditate, just people who have tried and failed, or not had good instructors. Try it. Meditation is nourishing as well as calming.
* Do a 10 minute meditation or pranayama (breath work) before going to sleep, rather than reading or watching TV, which re-stimulates your mind.
Vata in nature is cold, dry, light, and windy. Vata is the aspect of intelligence that governs all movement in the body,
A Balanced Vata tends to be creative, vibrant, lively, enthusiastic, clear, alert, flexible, sensitive, talkative, and quick to respond.
While doshas generally occur in combinations, a text-book Vata dominant would have some of the following unique characteristics:
* Irregular features, such as ears too small or too large for the head, crooked nose or large shoulders and hips on a fine boned frame
While dealing with Vata’s tendency to a restless excitable nervous system at the level of the mind is critical, diet is also very important.
If you notice yourself worrying or obsessing about your diet, that in itself may be a symptom of Vata imbalance in the former case, or Pitta in the latter. Take it easy. There are no evil foods, only evil diets, and a diet occurs over a lengthy course of time. Have some sinful food on your birthday and holidays; it’s okay.
Below are general guidelines for the hypothetical pure Vata. That means you really need to modify these with an Ayurvedic counselor to fine tune what is right for your exact body-mind type.
* Dairy products: All dairy products pacify Vata. But heat milk with Ginger or Cardamom, and don’t drink with a full meal. Cheese should be soft and fresh, like cottage cheese, not aged, like cheddar.
* Fruits: Favour sweet, heavy fruits, such as avocados, grapes, cherries, peaches, melons, berries, plums, bananas, sweet oranges, pineapples, mangoes and papayas. Avoid or reduce dry light fruits such as apples, pears, pomegranates, cranberries and dried fruits. (Dried fruit can be taken first soaked in hot water. Dates are best taken with ghee). Apples and pears are ok if cooked.
* Sweeteners: All unrefined sweeteners are good for Vata (but definitely not in excess). (Sweeteners are warming and moistening.)
* Beans: Avoid all beans, except for tofu (soybean curd) and mung dhal (split mung beans). (Beans are considered “astringent,” which dries Vata.)
* Grains: Rice is and wheat are very good, but beware of wheat if you are allergic to it or gluten intolerant. Barley, corn, millet, buckwheat, rye, and oats in moderation and well cooked.
* Vegetables: Beets, carrots, asparagus, cucumber, and sweet potatoes are good, but they should be cooked and not raw. The following vegetables can be eaten in moderate quantities, cooked and especially cooked with Vata reducing spices: peas, green leafy vegetables, broccoli, cauliflower, celery, zucchini and spinach. Avoid sprouts and cabbage.
Late nights, overwork, dealing with anxiety and worry, overstimulation by media, especially fast media like television, and video games, stimulating drugs, air travel, excessive travel.
Breathing, gentle exercise, meditation, adequate rest, good friendships, warmth from color and light.
Color is another source of balance for doshas. Since Vata is cold, like the color blue, if you have a Vata constitution, you might do well to surround yourself with some warm colors like gold, orange, or red, whether in your choice of clothing, art works, or even choice of paint color. Vata is comprised of air, and Vata imbalance causes a lack of groundedness. (Thus an Oriental carpet on the floor with rich deep maroons and reds can be grounding.)
When I was a boy in New York City, my mother would embarrass me by stopping in the middle of the sidewalk if the sun came out suddenly on cloudy cold days. She would tip her head back, close her eyes, and let the sunbeams wash her face and let the golden heat penetrate her eyelids for a minute or two.
Now I know what she was intuitively doing. Mom had a Vata imbalance. Just as someone with excess heat or Pitta should avoid the noon sun in summer, if you are a cold Vata or Kapha, then maximize your sun exposure (within the realm of skin safety) in late Autumn, Winter, and early Spring when cold Vata and Kapha predominate. If you work 8 to 5 make sure you get out at least a little bit during the day to “feel” the sun with your pineal gland.
5. Add powdered spices and salt and keep stirring for 3 minutes on very low heat to bring out the fragrance of the spices.
7. Place in covered baking dish, and place in pre-heated oven at 375 degrees for 35 minutes, or cook on stove top on simmer in heavy pan with lid for about 20 minutes, stirring every 5 minutes.
The DGT Easy Plus is a high-quality game timer with modern features combining absolute simplicity with a sturdy and elegant design. It is practically unbreakable and ideal for children, schools, chess clubs and home use.
The clock is easy to program and use and features useful buttons on the front, game timer count-up option, simple one-touch reset, a large and clear display, low battery indicator and optional buzzer. Individual time settings are also possible for each player.
The updated version released in 2014 has an extra large display, larger buttons, improved lever operation and additional “move timer plus save” option.
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are the most atlked about couple of this bollywood town. Be it giving fashion goals, be it couple goals the duo is perfect in teaching everything to the fans.
12 years of knowing these girls and in minutes they get all love struck by the #lovebug… thank you @nickjonas and our families. Thank you to the sisters and all the girls at St. Catherine’s orphanage for opening your hearts to us again. I’ll see you next time
The marriage is said to take place in November and reportedly Jodhpur has been chosen as the Wedding venue.And before that, the actress will be having a bridal shower in New York this month. It is being said that Umedh Bhawan, Jodhpur has been decided for the wedding ceremony.
Around 200 will be attending the pious ceremony.During their recent trip the couple locked the Umedh Bhawan as their wedding venue. only family and close friends would be attending the wedding.PC’s most of the friends are from Hollywood, the actress is geared up for the bridal shower in the NY city.
If gone by the reports the couple has been said to visit Jodhpur just to prepare the initials of the wedding.
2 new people have entered Bigg Boss house they are Rohit Suchanti and Megha Dhade.Rohit featured in Sasural Simar Ka, Saath Nibhaana Saathiya and Rishta Likhenge Hum...
Qorvo recently launched its latest e-book series, Internet of Things For Dummies, in partnership with John Wiley and Sons. The two-volume series—Internet of Things For Dummies and Internet of Things Applications For Dummies—is available as a free download.
Intended for both technical and nontechnical professionals, the e-books cover the basics of the IoT market, RF challenges, and how it’s being implemented.
Advances in wireless technologies are driving innovation in virtually every industry, from automobiles to consumer electronics. We recently asked 10 engineers to prognosticate on the future of wireless technology. Eileen Liu, a software engineer at Lockheed Martin, writes:
Wireless technology has become increasingly prevalent in our daily lives. It has become commonplace to look up information on smartphones via invisible networks and to connect to peripheral devices using Bluetooth connections. So what should we expect to see next in the world of wireless technology? One of the major things to keep an eye on is the effort for a global Internet network. Facebook and Google are potentially collaborating, working on drones and high-altitude helium balloons with router-like payloads. These solar-powered payloads make a radio link to a telecommunications network on Earth’s surface and broadcast Internet coverage downwards. Elon Musk and Greg Wyler are both working on a different approach, using flotillas of low-orbiting satellites. With such efforts, high-speed Internet access could become possible for the most remote locations on Earth, bringing access to the 60% of the world’s population that currently do not have access. Another technology to look out for is wireless power transfer. This technology allows multiple devices to charge simultaneously without a tether and without a dependency on directionality. Recent developments have mostly been in the realm of mobile phones and laptops, but this could expand to other electronic devices and automobiles that depend on batteries. A third technology to look out for is car-to-car communications. Several companies have been developing autonomous cars, using sensor systems to detect road conditions and surrounding vehicles. These sensors have shown promise, but have limited range and field-of-view and can easily be obstructed. Car-to-car communications allow vehicles to broadcast position, speed, steering-wheel position, and other data to surrounding vehicles with a range of several hundred meters. By networking cars together wirelessly, we could be one step closer to safe autonomous driving. — Eileen Liu, United States (Software Engineer, Lockheed Martin)
Some people like to remotely start their cars when it’s cold outside. Dan Beadle took this idea one step further by Internet-enabling his mountainside retreat’s hydronics system. The innovative design enables him to warm the house well in advance of his arrival.
Serving up the current temperature involves several computers, a Wi-Fi access point, and a DPAC Airborne module.
My mountain home, where I have vacationed for years, is well insulated, making it a snap for the heater system to keep warm. I have a small, efficient heater; however, it takes forever to warm the house from a 50°F standby to a livable 68°F. Typically, I arrive late and shiver in my jacket for three or four hours until the house warms up—and that does not warm the entire house, just the portion needed to get through the night.
I had been thinking for a while about Internet-enabling the system. The idea was to turn on the heater before we start up the mountain. I have DSL at the house with a fixed IP. So, it seemed like it would be a simple task to enable a thermostat. I considered using an X10 thermostat, but, after a few of our X10-enabled lights found a mind of their own, I decided that I wanted better reliability. My next thought was to use simple copper to do the hook-up. I started planning a cable from my office/DSL entry up to the logical thermostat location. Then I procrastinated. I could not bring myself to run the wires along the surface of my redwood paneling. (And it was not at all feasible to remove the paneling.) Wireless makes the problem a lot simpler: there are no wires to run, and the applications processor and digital I/O on the module make the hardware design trivial.
David Penrose’s “Sentry” project comprises an array of passive IR sensors placed throughout a building to track motion. The microcontroller-based system comprises an RF link to a processor along with an Ethernet module to unobtrusively monitor motion and activity levels.
Photo 1: The Sentry system uses commercial IR motion sensors (lower left) together with a customer vibration sensor (lower right) to determine where an individual is within a building. The base unit (top) integrates reports from these sensors to generate alerts to a caregiver.
My Sentry System is designed to assist those folks living alone who desire the peace of mind provided by a caregiver looking after them without the caregiver having to be present. Its implementation was facilitated by the WIZnet WIZ550io Ethernet module, which provides a rich yet simple interface to the Internet. With a simple microprocessor, the system allows the status of a resident to be continuously monitored in a minimally intrusive fashion.
Any abnormal conditions can immediately be alerted to a remote caregiver for action. In this way, a caregiver’s smartphone acts as an alert system by letting them know when a resident’s activity deviates from a normal pattern. The system is designed to be simple to set up yet very flexible in its application so the needs of different residents can be addressed. A resident with minimal needs can be monitored by a set of relaxed rules, while a resident in need of more continuous observation can be assigned a set of strict rules. In all cases, the overarching design approach was to provide a system that augments the caregiver’s capability.
The Sentry System integrates motion sensors, a microprocessor, and the WIZ550io Ethernet interface to monitor a resident and report abnormal activity patterns to a remote caregiver (see Photo 1). The relationship of these subsystems is illustrated in Figure 1.
Figure 1: Up to eight sensors transmit activity to a base unit processor, which checks for abnormal behavior of a resident. Alerts to a caregiver are generated and communicated over the Internet.
The primary sensors are IR motion sensors. These can be augmented by vibration sensors, pressure mats, ultrasonic, and other devices capable of detecting a person’s presence. These sensors are placed at key locations in a resident’s home to monitor movement from room to room or within rooms. The vibration sensors are placed in favorite chairs/couches or in the bed to determine if the furniture is occupied and if there is normal activity. All of these sensors are battery powered and report over an RF link. The RF reports from these devices are received by a base unit which then compares the resident’s location and activity to a set of rules that define normal behavior for different times of day. Any deviation from normal results in an SMS text message or e-mail being sent to the caregiver along with information about how to contact the resident. In most cases, it is expected that the caregiver would respond by phoning the resident to check on them.
The system is designed to be easy to install and operate. The WIZ550io’s Internet interface is used to communicate to a browser allowing the caregiver or resident to configure the system. This configuration consists of identifying sensors and rooms and describing a set of rules for each room for periods in the day. This local interface also allows for a review of all past activity once the system is operational. This history data is valuable for refining the rules to reduce false alarms and ensure security. Since the interface is behind the resident’s firewall, the system is secure from improper modification. The key output from the system is the alert to the caregiver, which relies on the WIZ550io module communicating to a service site such as Exosite. The site generates the alerts sent to the caregiver.
Photo 2: The base unit incorporates the WIZ550io, an 89LPC936 processor, a MCP79401 real-time clock, and a serial EEPROM to process reports received from the 433-MHz receiver.
The system’s hardware consists of a base unit and multiple sensor/reporting units. The base unit (see Photo 2) comprises a WIZ550io Ethernet interface, an inexpensive microprocessor, an RF receiver, a battery backed-up real-time clock, and a serial EEPROM. All of these pieces are integrated into a small form factor case and powered by a plug-in transformer (see Figure 2).
Figure 2: The microprocessor accomplishes all of its tasks while using only a few of the available port pins.
The remote units can be one of many different sensor/reporting devices depending on the needs of the resident. The basic sensor is the IR motion sensor, which is available from a number of different sources. I used Bunker Hill Security sensors, which I purchased from Harbor Freight Tools (Item 93068). A sensor plus receiver is very inexpensive. Some cost only $11. The item consists of a sensor/transmitter and a receiver/alarm device. The receiver/alarm device is not used in this project although the RF receiver was lifted from one of these units to provide the receiver for the base unit. These sensor units are powered by 9-V batteries and report on an RF link at 433 MHz with a unique address code. The code allows multiple sensors to be deployed and recognized by the base unit.
Andrew Spitz is a Copenhagen, Denmark-based sound designer, interaction designer, and programmer. Among his various innovative projects is the Arduino-based Skube music player, which is an innovative design that enables users to find and share music.
Spitz worked on the design with Andrew Nip, Ruben van der Vleuten, and Malthe Borch. Check out the video to see the Skube in action. On his blog SoundPlusDesign.com, Spitz writes: “It is a fully working prototype through the combination of using Arduino, Max/MSP and an XBee wireless network. We access the Last.fm API to populate the Skube with tracks and scrobble, and using their algorithms to find similar music when in Discover mode.”
The following is an abridged version of an interview that appears in the December 2012 issue of audioXpress magazine, a sister publication of Circuit Cellar magazine..
Andrew Spitz: I’m half French, half South African. I grew up in France, but my parents are South African so when I was 17, I moved to South Africa. Last year, I decided to go back to school, and I’m now based in Copenhagen, Denmark where I’m earning a master’s degree at the Copenhagen Institute of Interaction Design (CID).
SHANNON: How did you become interested in sound design? Tell us about some of your initial projects.
Andrew: From the age of 16, I was a skydiving cameraman and I was obsessed with filming. So when it was time to do my undergraduate work, I decided to study film. I went to film school thinking that I would be doing cinematography, but I’m color blind and it turned out to be a bigger problem than I had hoped. At the same time, we had a lecturer in sound design named Jahn Beukes who was incredibly inspiring, and I discovered a passion for sound that has stayed with me.
Shannon: What do your interaction design studies at CIID entail? What do you plan to do with the additional education?
Andrew: CIID is focused on a user-centered approach to design, which involves finding intuitive solutions for products, software, and services using mostly technology as our medium. What this means in reality is that we spend a lot of time playing, hacking, prototyping, and basically building interactive things and experiences of some sort.
I’ve really committed to the shift from sound design to interaction design and it’s now my main focus. That said, I feel like I look at design from the lens of a sound designer as this is my background and what has formed me. Many designers around me are very visual, and I feel like my background gives me not only a different approach to the work but also enables me to see opportunities using sound as the catalyst for interactive experiences. Lots of my recent projects have been set in the intersection among technology, sound, and people.
SHANNON: You have worked as a sound effects recordist and editor, location recordist and sound designer for commercials, feature films, and documentaries. Tell us about some of these experiences?
ANDREW: I love all aspects of sound for different reasons. Because I do a lot of things and don’t focus on one, I end up having more of a general set of skills than going deep with one—this fits my personality very well. By doing different jobs within sound, I was able to have lots of different experiences, which I loved! nLocation recording enabled me to see really interesting things—from blowing up armored vehicles with rocket-propelled grenades (RPGs) to interviewing famous artists and presidents. And, documentaries enabled me to travel to amazing places such as Rwanda, Liberia, Mexico, and Nigeria. As a sound effects recordist on Jock of the Bushvelt, a 3-D animation, I recorded animals such as lions, baboons, and leopards in the South African bush. With Bakgat 2, I spent my time recording and editing rugby sounds to create a sound effects library. This time in my life has been a huge highlight, but I couldn’t see myself doing this forever. I love technology and design, which is why I made the move...
Andrew: Skube came out of the Tangible User Interface (TUI) class at CIID where we were tasked to rethink audio in the home context. So understanding how and where people share music was the jumping-off point for creating Skube.
We realized that as we move more toward a digital and online music listening experience, current portable music players are not adapted for this environment. Sharing mSkube Videousic in communal spaces is neither convenient nor easy, especially when we all have such different taste in music.
The result of our exploration was Skube. It is a music player that enables you to discover and share music and facilitates the decision process of picking tracks when in a communal setting.
In a thorough introduction to the technology, Tom Cantrell presented a garage door monitoring design. He explained:
The W5500 (see Figure 1) starts with a standard 10/100 Ethernet interface (i.e., MAC and PHY) but then goes further with large RAM buffers (16-KB transmit and 16-KB receive) and hardware TCP/IP protocol processing. I discovered WIZnet’s first chip, the W3100, way back in 2001. Of course by now, as with all things silicon, the new W5500 is better, faster, and lower cost. But the concept is still exactly the same: “Internet enable” applications by handling the network chores in hardware so the application microcontroller doesn’t have to do it in software.
Figure 1: The WIZnet W5500 is an Ethernet chip with a difference—large RAM buffers and hardware TCP/IP processing that make it easy for any microcontroller to go online.
The large RAM buffers help decouple the microcontroller from network activity. In a recent project (see my article, “Weatherize Your Embedded App,” Circuit Cellar 273, 2013), I used the RAM to receive an entire 10-KB+ webpage, completely eliminating the need for the microcontroller to juggle data at network speed. And any of the 32-KB on-chip RAM that isn’t needed for network buffering is free for general-purpose use, a big plus for typically RAM-constrained microcontrollers. The other major WIZnet hardware assist is TCP/IP processing using IP addresses, sockets, and familiar commands including OPEN, CONNECT, SEND, RECEIVE, DISCONNECT. The high-level interface to the network frees up microcontroller cycles and code space that would otherwise be needed for a software TCP/IP stack.
For prototyping, check out the WIZnet ioShield (see Photo 1), which is a baseboard for the WIZ550io that includes an SD card socket. There are ioShields for different platforms (e.g., Arduino, LaunchPad, mbed, etc.), and with 0.1” headers they are breadboard friendly.
Photo 1: If you want a fancy server with lots of eye candy, a microSD card is the way to go. The WIZnet ioShields include the card socket and are available for various platforms. The Arduino version is shown here.
Cantrell prototyped a client version of what he calls his “garage door ‘Thing’ using an Arduino and a WIZ550io connected to Exosite (see Photo 2).
Over on the Exosite website, after signing up for a free “Developer” account, it was a quick and easy mainly point-and-click exercise to configure my “Device,” “Data,” “Events,” and “Alerts” (see Photo 3). As a client, there’s no need to keep the “Thing’s” Ethernet link powered all the time. Data only needs to be sent when the garage door opens or closes, but I also recommend sending a periodic heartbeat just in case. My garage door monitor will only generate a minute or two of network activity (i.e., door state changes and hourly heartbeats) per day, so there’s opportunity for significant energy savings compared to a 24/7 server.
It only takes a few minutes to set up a simple Exosite dashboard including an e-mail alert. I can “see“ my garage door without getting off the couch and now, via Exosite, from the farthest reaches of the web.
You can download the entire article, “Connect the Magic: An Introduction to the WIZnet W550,” for free to learn about Cantrell’s garage door control system built with a WIZnet and an Arduino Uno.
Editor’s note: If you have an idea for an innovative, ’Net-enabled electronics system, this is your opportunity to share your original design with the world. Enter the WIZnet Connect the Magic 2014 Design Challenge for a chance to win a share of $15,000 in prizes and gain recognition by Elektor International Media and Circuit Cellar. WIZnet is the sponsor. Eligible entries will be judged on their technical merit, originality, usefulness, cost-effectiveness, and design optimization. The Entry submission deadline is 12:00 PM EST August 3, 2014. How to enter: Implement WIZnet’s WIZ550io Ethernet module, or W5500 chip, in an innovative design; document your project; and then submit your entry. The complete rules and regulations are available on the Challenge webpage.
In 2012, Al Anderson, IT director at Salish Kootenai College in Pablo, MT, and his team wired the dorms and student housing units at the small tribal college with fiber and outdoor CAT 5 cable to provide reliable Internet service to students. “Our prior setup was wireless and did not provide very good service,” Anderson says.
The 25 housing units, each with a small unmanaged Ethernet switch, were daisy chained in several different paths. Anderson needed a way to monitor the links from the system’s Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) network monitoring software, Help/Systems’s InterMapper. He also wanted to ensure the switches installed inside the sun-exposed utility boxes wouldn’t get too hot.
Photo 1: The Raspberry Pi is a small SBC based on an ARM processor. Its many I/O ports make it very useful for embedded devices that need a little more power than the typical 8-bit microcontroller.
His Raspberry Pi-based solution is the subject of an article appearing in Circuit Cellar’s April issue. “We chose the Raspberry Pi because it was less expensive, we had several on hand, and I wanted to see what I could do with it,” Anderson says (see Photo 1).
“I installed a Debian Linux distro, added an I2C TMP102 temperature sensor from SparkFun Electronics, wrote a small Python program to get the temperature via I2C and convert it to Fahrenheit, installed an SNMP server on Linux, added a custom SNMP rule to display the temperature from the script, and finally wrote a custom SNMP MIB to access the temperature information as a string and integer.”
Setting up the SBC and Linux was simple, Anderson says. “The prototype Raspberry Pi has now been running since September 2012 without any problems,” he says in his article. “It has been interesting to see how the temperature fluctuates with the time of day and the level of network activity. As budget and time permit, we will be installing more of these onto our network.”
In the following excerpt, Anderson discusses the project’s design, implementation, and OS installation and configuration. For more details on a project inspired, in part, by the desire to see what a low-cost SBC can do, read Anderson’s full article in the April issue.
Figure 1 shows the overall system design. The TMP102 is connected to the Raspberry Pi via I2C. The Raspberry Pi is connected to the network via its Ethernet port. The monitoring system uses TCP/IP over the Ethernet network to query the Raspberry Pi via SNMP. The system is encased in a small acrylic Adafruit Industries case, which we used because it is inexpensive and easy to customize for the sensor.
Figure 1: The system is designed around the Raspberry Pi SBC. The Raspberry Pi uses the I2C protocol to query the Texas Instruments TMP102 temperature sensor. The Raspberry Pi is queried via SNMP.
Our first step was to set up the Raspberry Pi. We started by installing the OS and the various software packages needed. Next, we wrote the Python script that queries the I2C temperature sensor. Then we configured the SNMP daemon to run the Python script when it is queried. With all that in place, we then set up the SNMP monitoring software that is configured with a custom MIB and a timed query. Finally, we modified the Raspberry Pi case to expose the temperature sensor to the air and installed the device in its permanent location.
The Raspberry Pi requires a Linux OS compiled to run on an ARM processor, which is the brain of the device, to be installed on an SD card. It does not have a hard drive. Setting up the SD card is straightforward, but you cannot simply copy the files onto the card. The OS has to be copied in such a way that the SD card has a boot sector and the Linux partitioning and file structure is properly maintained. Linux and Mac OS X users can use the dd command line utility to copy from the OS’s ISO image. Windows users can use a utility (e.g., Win32DiskImager) to accomplish the same thing. A couple of other utilities can be used to copy the OS onto the SD card, but I prefer using the command line.
A Debian-based distribution of Linux seems to be the most commonly used Linux distribution on the Raspberry Pi, with the Raspbian “wheezy” as the recommended distribution. However, for this project I chose Adafruit Learning Systems’s Occidentalis V0.2 Linux distribution because it had several hardware-hacker features rolled into the distribution, including the kernel modules for the temperature sensor. This saved me some work getting those installed and debugged.
Before you can copy the OS to the SD card, you need to download the ISO image. The Resources section of this article lists several sources including a link to the Adafruit Linux distribution. Once you have an ISO image downloaded, you can copy it to the SD card. The Resources section also includes a link to an Embedded Linux Wiki webpage, “RPi Easy SD Card Setup,” which details this copying process for several OSes.
The quick and dirty instructions are to somehow get the SD card hooked up to your computer, either using a built-in SD reader or a peripheral card reader. I used a USB attached reader. Then you need to format the card. The best format is FAT32, since it will get reformatted by the copy command anyway. Next, use your chosen method to copy the OS onto the card. On Linux or Mac OS X, the command:
You will need to change two important things in this command for your system. First, the if parameter, which is the name the in file (i.e., your ISO image) needs to match the file you downloaded. Second, the of device (i.e., the out file or our SD drive in this case) needs to match the SD card. Everything, including devices, is a file in Linux, in case you are wondering why your SD drive is considered a file. We will see this again in a bit with the I2C device. You can toast your hard drive if you put the wrong device path in here. If you are unsure about this, you may want to use a GUI utility so you don’t overwrite your hard drive.
Once the OS is copied onto the SD card, it is time to boot up the Raspberry Pi. A default username and password are available from wherever you download the OS. With our OS, the defaults are “pi” and “raspberry.” Make it your first mission to change that password and maybe even add a new account if your project is going to be in production.
Another thing you may have to change is the IP address configuration on the Ethernet interface. By default, these distributions use DHCP to obtain an address. Unless you have a need otherwise, it is best to leave that be. If you need to use a static IP address, I have included a link in the Resources section with instructions on how to do this in Linux.
To access your Raspberry Pi, hook up a local keyboard and monitor to get to a command line. Once you have the network running and you know the IP address, you can use the SSH utility to gain access via the network.
To get SNMP working on the Raspberry Pi, you need to install two Debian packages: snmpd and snmp. The snmpd package is the actual SNMP server software that will enable other devices to query for SNMP on this device. The second package, snmp, is the client. It is nice to have this installed for local troubleshooting.
We used the Debian package manager, apt-get, to install these packages. The commands also must be run as the root or superuser.
Next we issued the sudo apt-get install snmp command, which installed the SNMP client. Issue the ps -ax | grep snmpd command to see if the snmpd daemon is running after the install. You should see something like this:
If you do not see a line similar to this, you can issue the sudo /etc/init.d/snmpd command start to start the service. Once it is running, it is time to turn your attention to the Python script that reads the temperature sensor. Configure the SNMP daemon after you get the Python script running.
The Raspberry Pi’s final installation is shown. The clear acrylic case can be seen along with the Texas Instruments TMP102 temperature sensor, which is glued below the air hole drilled into the case. We used a modified ribbon cable to connect the various TMP102 pins to the Raspberry Pi.
In Circuit Cellar’s March issue, columnist Jeff Bachiochi tests the services of a company he says is “poised to make a big impact” on the Internet of Things (IoT).
This shows the I2C interface Bachiochi designed to enable available clamp-on current sensors to be monitored. He added four of these circuits to a PCB, which includes the circuitry for an imp card.
Established in 2011, Electric Imp offers a flexible connectivity platform meant to enable any device to be connected to the IoT. The platform, called the “imp,” provides an SD-card sized module (including an 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi radio package) that can be installed on any electronic device to go online. A powerful processor runs the imp OS.
“You only need to supply an SD card socket (and a few other components) to your product to give it connectivity,” Bachiochi says. “The imp’s processor has the power to run your entire product if you wish, or it can be connected via one of the supported serial protocols. The imp OS provides secure connectivity to the imp cloud. The imp cloud keeps your imp updated with the latest firmware, features online development tools, and provides cloud-side services for every imp in the field.”
“As with many cloud service organizations, development is generally free,” Bachiochi adds. “Once you’ve committed and have product rollout, the service will charge for its use. This could be a flat fee, a per-connection or data throughput fee, or a combination of fees. Basically you (or your customer) will have to pay to have access to the information, which pays for the support framework that keeps it all working.”
In his article, Bachiochi dives into a straightforward data-collection project to demonstrate how to use the imp in a product. The goal of his application was to log the activity of 220-V water pump and twin water softeners. The project is the launching point for his comprehensive and detailed look at the imp’s hardware, software, and costs.
“It’s easy to design product hardware to use the imp,” he says. “There are two imp models, a card that can be inserted into an SD-type socket or an on-board module that is soldered into your product. Each version has advantages and disadvantages.”
“Developing an imp application requires two parts to provide Wi-Fi access to your project: the device code (running in the imp) and the agent code (running on the imp cloud). The imp cloud, which is your connection to your device via the imp APIs, provides you with a development IDE. Web-based development means there is nothing else you need to purchase or install on your PC. Everything you need is available through your browser anytime and anywhere.”
Bachiochi also discusses the Electric Imp platform’s broader goals. While an individual can use the imp for device connectivity, a bigger purpose is to enable manufacturers to provide convenient Internet access as part of their product, Bachiochi says.
“The imp has two costs: The hardware is simple, it currently costs approximately $25 for an imp card or module. If you are using this in your own circuit within your own network, then you’re done,” he says. “If you want to roll out a product for sale to the world, you must take the next step and register for the BlinkUp SDK and Operations Console, which enable you to create and track factory-blessed products.”
BlinkUp, according to the Electric Imp website, integrates smoothly into apps and enables manufacturers and their customers to quickly connect products using a smartphone or tablet. The Operations Console enables tracking product activity and updating product firmware at any time, Bachiochi says.
The imp offers more than a low-cost way for DIYers and developers to connect devices to the Internet, Bachiochi says. A designer using the imp can save project costs by eliminating a microcontroller, he says. “Almost any peripheral can be easily connected to and serviced by the imp’s 32-bit Cortex M3 processor running the imp OS. All code is written in Squirrel.”
Bachiochi’s comprehensive article about his imp experience and insights can be found in the March issue, now available for membership download or single-issue purchase.
Bachiochi used the Electric IMP IDE to develop this code. Agent code on the top left runs on the imp cloud server. The device code on the top right is downloaded into the connected imp.
Raul Alvarez, a freelance electronic engineer from Bolivia, has long been interested in wireless device-to-device communication.
“So when the idea of the Internet of Things (IoT) came around, it was like rediscovering the Internet,” he says.
I’m guessing that his dual fascinations with wireless and the IoT inspired his Home Energy Gateway project, which won second place in the 2012 DesignSpark chipKIT challenge administered by Circuit Cellar.
“The system enables users to remotely monitor their home’s power consumption and control household devices (e.g., fans, lights, coffee machines, etc.),” Alvarez says. “The main system consists of an embedded gateway/web server that, aside from its ability to communicate over the Internet, is also capable of local communications over a home area wireless network.”
Alvarez catered to his interests by creating his own wireless communication protocol for the system.
“As a learning exercise, I specifically developed the communication protocol I used in the home area wireless network from scratch,” he says. “I used low-cost RF transceivers to implement the protocol. It is simple and provides just the core functionality necessary for the application.”
Alvarez writes about his project in the February issue of Circuit Cellar. His article concentrates on the project’s TCI/IP communications aspects and explains how they interface.
Figure 1 shows the system’s block diagram and functional configuration. The smart meter collects the entire house’s power consumption information and sends that data every time it is requested by the gateway. In turn, the smart plugs receive commands from the gateway to turn on/off the household devices attached to them. This happens every time the user turns on/off the controls in the web control panel.
Photo 1: These are the three smart node hardware prototypes: upper left, smart plug; upper right, a second smart plug in a breadboard; and at bottom, the smart meter.
The wireless network is configured to work in a star topology. The gateway assumes the role of a central coordinator or master node and the smart devices act as end devices or slave nodes that react to requests sent by the master node.
The gateway/server is implemented in hardware around a Digilent chipKIT Max32 board (see Photo 2). It uses an RFM12B transceiver to connect to the home area wireless network and a Microchip Technology ENC28J60 chip module to connect to the LAN using Ethernet.
As the name implies, the gateway makes it possible to access the home area wireless network over the LAN or even remotely over the Internet. So, the smart devices are easily accessible from a PC, tablet, or smartphone using just a web browser. To achieve this, the gateway implements the SWP for wireless communications and simultaneously uses Microchip Technology’s TCP/IP Stack to work as a web server.
Photo 2: The Home Energy Gateway’s hardware includes a Digilent chipKIT Max32 board and a custom shield board.
Thus, the Home Energy Gateway generates and serves the control panel web page over HTTP (this page contains the individual controls to turn on/off each smart plug and at the same time shows the power consumption in the house in real-time). It also uses the wireless network to pass control data from the user to the smart plugs and to read power consumption data from the smart meter.
The hardware module includes three main submodules: The chipKIT Max 32 board, the RFM12B wireless transceiver, and the ENC28J60 Ethernet module. The smart meter hardware module has an RFM12B transceiver for wireless communications and uses an 8-bit Microchip Technology PIC16F628A microcontroller as a main processor. The smart plug hardware module shows the smart plugs’ main hardware components and has the same microcontroller and radio transceiver as the smart meter. But the smart plugs also have a Sharp Microelectronics S212S01F solid-state relay to turn on/off the household devices.
On the software side, the gateway firmware is written in C for the Microchip Technology C32 Compiler. The smart meter’s PIC16F628A code is written in C for the Hi-TECH C compiler. The smart plug software is very similar.
Alvarez says DIY home-automation enthusiasts will find his prototype inexpensive and capable. He would like to add several features to the system, including the ability to e-mail notifications and reports to users.
For more details, check out the February issue now available for download by members or single-issue purchase.
Featured Product: The XBee product family (www.digi.com/xbee) is a series of modular products that make adding wireless technology easy and cost-effective. Whether you need a ZigBee module or a fast multipoint solution, 2.4 GHz or long-range 900 MHz—there’s an XBee to meet your specific requirements.
Product information: Digi now offers the XBee Wi-Fi Cloud Kit (www.digi.com/xbeewificloudkit) for those who want to try the XBee Wi-Fi (XB2B-WFUT-001) with seamless cloud connectivity. The Cloud Kit brings the Internet of Things (IoT) to the popular XBee platform. Built around Digi’s new XBee Wi-Fi module, which fully integrates into the Device Cloud by Etherios, the kit is a simple way for anyone with an interest in M2M and the IoT to build a hardware prototype and integrate it into an Internet-based application. This kit is suitable for electronics engineers, software designers, educators, and innovators.
Exclusive Offer: The XBee Wi-Fi Cloud Kit includes an XBee Wi-Fi module; a development board with a variety of sensors and actuators; loose electronic prototyping parts to make circuits of your own; a free subscription to Device Cloud; fully customizable widgets to monitor and control connected devices; an open-source application that enables two-way communication and control with the development board over the Internet; and cables, accessories, and everything needed to connect to the web. The Cloud Kit costs $149.
In some ways, Salish Kootenai College (SKC) based in Pablo, MT, and Penn State Erie, The Behrend College in Erie, PA, couldn’t be more different
SKC, whose main campus is on the Flathead Reservation, is open to all students but primarily serves Native Americans of the Bitterroot Salish, Kootenai, and Pend d’Orellies tribes. It has an enrollment of approximately 1,400. Penn State Erie has roughly 4,300.
But one thing the schools have in common is enterprising employees and students who recognized a problem on their campuses and came up with technical solutions. Al Anderson, IT director at the SKC, and Chris Coulston, head of the Computer Science and Software Engineering department at Penn State Erie, and his team have written articles about their “campus solutions” to be published in upcoming issues of Circuit Cellar.
In the summer of 2012, Anderson and the IT department he supervises direct-wired the SKC dorms and student housing units with fiber and outdoor CAT-5 cable to provide students better Ethernet service.
The system is designed around the Raspberry Pi device. The Raspberry Pi queries the TMP102 temperature sensor. The Raspberry Pi is queried via the SNMP protocol.
“Prior to this, students accessed the Internet via a wireless network that provided very poor service.” Anderson says. “We wired 25 housing units, each with a small unmanaged Ethernet switch. These switches are daisy chained in several different paths back to a central switch.”
To maintain the best service, the IT department needed to monitor the system’s links from Intermapper, a simple network management protocol (SNMP) software. Also, the department had to monitor the temperature inside the utility boxes, because their exposure to the sun could cause the switches to get too hot.
This is the final installation of the Raspberry Pi in the SKC system. The clear acrylic case can be seen along with the TMP102 glued below the air hole drilled into the case. A ribbon cable was modified to connect the various pins of the TMP102 to the Raspberry Pi.
“We decided to build our own monitoring system using a Raspberry Pi to gather temperature data and monitor the network,” Anderson says. “We installed a Debian Linux distro on the Raspberry Pi, added an I2C Texas Instruments TMP102 temperature sensor…, wrote a small Python program to get the temperature via I2C and convert it to Fahrenheit, installed SNMP server software on the Raspberry Pi, added a custom SNMP rule to display the temperature from the script, and finally wrote a custom SNMP MIB to access the temperature information as a string and integer.”
Anderson, 49, who has a BS in Computer Science, did all this even as he earned his MS in Computer Science, Networking, and Telecommunications through the Johns Hopkins University Engineering Professionals program.
“It has worked flawlessly, and made it through the hot summer fine,” Anderson said recently. “We designed it with robustness in mind.”
Meanwhile, Chris Coulston, head of the Computer Science and Software Engineering department at Penn State Erie, and his team noticed that the shuttle bus
introduced as his school expanded had low ridership. Part of cause was the unpredictable timing of the bus, which has seven regular stops but also picks up students who flag it down.
“In order to address the issues of low ridership, a team of engineering students and faculty constructed an automated vehicle locator (AVL), an application to track the campus shuttle and to provide accurate estimates when the shuttle will arrive at each stop,” Coulston says.
The system’s three main hardware components are a user’s smartphone; a base station on campus; and a mobile tracker that stays on the traveling bus.
The base station consists of an XTend 900 MHz wireless modem connected to a Raspberry Pi, Coulston says. The Pi runs a web server to handle requests from the user’s smart phones. The mobile tracker consists of a GPS receiver, a Microchip Technology PIC 18F26K22 and an XTend 900 MHz wireless modem.
Coulston and his team completed a functional prototype by the time classes started in August. As a result, a student can call up a bus locater web page on his smartphone. The browser can load a map of the campus via the Google Maps JavaScript API, and JavaScript code overlays the bus and bus stops. You can see the bus locater page between 7:40 a.m. to 7 p.m. EST Monday through Friday.
“The system works remarkably well, providing reliable, accurate information about our campus bus,” Coulston says. “Best of all, it does this autonomously, with very little supervision on our part. It has worked so well, we have received additional funding to add another base station to campus to cover an extended route coming next year.”
The base station for the mobile tracker is a sandwich of Raspberry Pi, interface board, and wireless modem.
And while the system has helped Penn State Erie students make it to class on time, what does Coulston and his team’s article about it offer Circuit Cellar readers?
“This article should appeal to readers because it’s a web-enabled embedded application,” Coulston says. “We plan on providing users with enough information so that they can create their own embedded web applications.”
Look for the article in an upcoming issue. In the meantime, if you have a DIY wireless project you’d like to share with Circuit Cellar, please e-mail editor@circuitcellar.com.
The Internet of Things Conference is a resource for information relating to “IoT applications, IoT solutions, IoT example and m2m opportunities in smart cities, connected cars, smart grids, consumer electronics and mobile healthcare.”
The IoT Counsel website includes useful info such as bios and contact info for engineers, innovators, and thinkers working on IoT-related projects.
Michael Chui, Markus Loffler, and Roger Roberts present a comprehensive article on IoT in the McKinsey Quarterly. While this isn’t a design-centric document, you’ll find it’s an interesting in-depth overview of the technology and its applications.
The Business Leaders Network (BLN) has a page on the IoT. The most recent IoT even took place in June, but the site still has some interesting info about speakers, partners, and more.
Last week at the 2013 Sensors Expo in Chicago, Anaren had interesting wireless embedded control systems on display. The message was straightforward: add an Anaren Integrated Radio (AIR) module to an embedded system and you’re ready to go wireless.
Bob Frankel of Emmoco provided a embedded mobile control demonstration. By adding an AIR module to a light control system, he was able to use a tablet as a user interface.
In a separate demonstration, Anaren electrical engineer Mihir Dani showed me how to achieve effective light control with an Anaren 2530 module and TI technology. The module is embedded within the light and compact remote enables him to manipulate variables such as light color and saturation.
Andrew Spitz is a Copenhagen, Denmark-based sound designer, interaction designer, programmer, and blogger studying toward a Master’s interaction design at the Copenhagen Institute of Interaction Design (CIID). Among his various innovative projects is the Arduino-based Skube music player, which is an innovative design that enables users to find and share music.
Spitz worked on the design with Andrew Nip, Ruben van der Vleuten, and Malthe Borch. Check out the video to see the Skube in action.
It is a fully working prototype through the combination of using Arduino, Max/MSP and an XBee wireless network. We access the Last.fm API to populate the Skube with tracks and scrobble, and using their algorithms to find similar music when in Discover mode.
Why shell out hundreds or thousands of dollars on various home control systems (HCS) when you have the skills and resources to build your own? You can design and implement sophisticated Internet-enabled systems with free tools and some careful planning.
John Breitenbach did just that. He used a microcontroller, free software, and a cloud-based data platform to construct a remote monitoring system for his home’s water heater. The innovative design can email or text status messages and emergency alerts to a smartphone. You can build a similar system to monitor any number of appliances, rooms, or buildings.
An abridged version of Breitenbach’s article, “Internet-Enabled Home Control” (Circuit Cellar 264, July 2012), appears below. (A link to the entire article and an access password are noted at the end of this post.) Breitenbach writes:
Moving from the Northeast to North Carolina, my wife and I were surprised to find that most homes don’t have basements. In the north, the frost line is 36˝–48 ˝ below the surface. To prevent frost heave, foundations must be dug at least that deep. So, digging down an extra few feet to create a basement makes sense. Because the frost line is only 15 ˝ in the Raleigh area, builders rarely excavate the additional 8’ to create basements.
The lack of basements means builders must find unique locations for a home’s mechanical systems including the furnace, AC unit, and water heater. I was shocked to find that my home’s water heater is located in the attic, right above one of the bedrooms (see Photo 1).
During my high school summers I worked for my uncle’s plumbing business (“Breitenbach Plumbing—We’re the Best, Don’t Call the Rest”) and saw firsthand the damage water can do to a home. Water heaters can cause some dramatic end-of-life plumbing failures, dumping 40 or more gallons of water at once followed by the steady flow of the supply line.
Having cleaned up the mess of a failed water heater in my own basement up north, I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since I discovered the water heater in my North Carolina attic. For peace of mind, especially when traveling, I instrumented my attic so I could be notified immediately if water started to leak. My goal was to use a microcontroller so I could receive push notifications via e-mails or text messages. In addition to emergency messages, status messages sent on a regular basis reassure me the system is running. I also wanted to use a web browser to check the current status at any time.
The attic monitor is based on Renesas Electronics’s YRDKRX62N demonstration kit, which features the RX62N 32-bit microcontroller (see Photo 2). Renesas has given away thousands of these boards to promote the RX, and the boards are also widely available through distributors. The YRDK board has a rich feature set including a graphics display, push buttons, and an SD-card slot, plus Ethernet, USB, and serial ports. An Analog Devices ADT7420 digital I2C temperature sensor also enables you to keep an eye on the attic temperature. I plan to use this for a future addition to the project that compares this temperature to the outside air temperature to control an attic fan.
Photo 2: The completed board, which is based on a Renesas Electronics YRDKRX62N demonstration kit. (Photo courtesy of Michael Thomas)
Commercial water-detection sensors are typically made from two exposed conductive surfaces in close proximity to each other on a nonconductive surface. Think of a single-sided PCB with no solder mask and tinned traces (see Photo 3).
These sensors rely on the water conductivity to close the circuit between the two conductors. I chose a sensor based on this type of design for its low cost. But, once I received the sensors, I realized I could have saved myself a few bucks by making my own sensor from a couple of wires or a piece of proto-board.
When standing water on the sensor shorts the two contacts, the resistance across the sensor drops to between 400 kΩ and 600 kΩ. The sensor is used as the bottom resistor in a voltage divider with a 1-MΩ resistor up top. The output of the divider is routed to the 12-bit analog inputs on the RX62N microcontroller. Figure 1 shows the sensor interface circuit. When the voltage read by the analog-to-digital converter (ADC) drops below 2 V, it’s time to start bailing. Two sensors are connected: one in the catch pan under the water heater, and a second one just outside the catch pan to detect failures in the small expansion tank.
One of my project goals was to push notifications to my cell phone because Murphy’s Law says water heaters are likely to fail while you’re away for the weekend. Because I wanted to keep the project costs low, I used my home’s broadband connection as the gateway for the attic monitor. The Renesas RX62N microcontroller includes a 100-Mbps Ethernet controller, so I simply plugged in the cable to connect the board to my home network. The open-source µIP stack supplied by Renesas with the YRDK provides the protocol engine needed to talk to the Internet.
There were a couple of complications with using my home network as the attic monitor’s gateway to the world. It is behind a firewall built into my router and, for security reasons, I don’t want to open up ports to the outside world.
My Internet service provider (ISP) occasionally changes the Internet protocol (IP) address associated with my cable modem. So I would never know what address to point my web browser. I needed a solution that would address both of these problems. Enter Exosite, a company that provides solutions for cloud-based, machine-to-machine (M2M) communications.
Exosite provides a number of software components and services that enable M2M communications via the cloud. This is a different philosophy from supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems I’ve used in the past. The control systems I’ve worked on over the years typically involve a local host polling the hundreds or thousands of connected sensors and actuators that make up a commercial SCADA system. These systems are generally designed to be monitored locally at a single location. In the case of the attic monitor, my goal was to access a limited number of data points from anywhere, and have the system notify me rather than having to continuously poll. Ideally, I’d only hear from the device when there was a problem.
Exosite is the perfect solution: the company publishes a set of simple application programming interfaces (APIs) using standard web protocols that enable smart devices to push data to their servers in the cloud in real time. Once the data is in the cloud, events, alerts, and scripts can be created to do different things with the data—in my case, to send me an e-mail and SMS text alert if there is anything wrong with my water heater. Connected devices can share data with each other or pull data from public data sources, such as public weather stations. Exosite has an industrial-strength platform for large-scale commercial applications. It provides free access to it for the open-source community. I can create a free account that enables me to connect one or two devices to the Exosite platform.
Embedded devices using Exosite are responsible for pushing data to the server and pulling data from it. Devices use simple HTTP requests to accomplish this. This works great in my home setup because the attic monitor can work through my firewall, even when my Internet provider occasionally changes the IP address of my cable modem. Figure 2 shows the network diagram.
Web-based dashboards hosted on Exosite’s servers can be built and configured to show real-time and historical data from connected devices. Controls, such as switches, can be added to the dashboards to push data back down to the device, enabling remote control of embedded devices. Because the user interface is “in the cloud,” there is no need to store all the user interface (UI) widgets and data in the embedded device, which greatly reduces the storage requirements. Photo 4 shows the dashboard for the attic monitor.
Events and alerts can be added to the dashboard. These are logical evaluations Exosite’s server performs on the incoming data. Events can be triggered based on simple comparisons (e.g., a data value is too high or too low) or complex combinations of a comparison plus a duration (e.g., a data value remains too high for a period of time). Setting up a leak event for one of the sensors is shown in Photo 5.
In this case, the event is triggered when the reported ADC voltage is less than 2 V. An event can also be triggered if Exosite doesn’t receive an update from the device for a set period of time. This last feature can be used as a watchdog to ensure the device is still working.
When an event is triggered, an alert can optionally be sent via e-mail. This is the final link that enables an embedded device in my attic to contact me anywhere, anytime, to alert me to a problem. Though I have a smartphone that enables me to access my e-mail account, I can also route the alarm message to my wife’s simpler phone through her cellular provider’s e-mail-to-text-message gateway. Most cellular providers offer this service, which works by sending an e-mail to a special address containing the cell phone number. On the Verizon network, the e-mail address is <yourcellularnumber>@vtext.com. Other providers have similar gateways.
The attic monitor periodically sends heartbeat messages to Exosite to let me know it’s still working. It also sends the status of the water sensors and the current temperature in the attic. I can log in to Exosite at any time to see my attic’s real-time status. I have also configured events and alarms that will notify me if a leak is detected or if the temperature gets too hot…
The complete article includes details such about the Internet engine, reading the cloud, tips for updating the design, and more. You can read the entire article by typing netenabledcontrol to open the password-protected PDF.
Charles Max will give a presentation about the sciPADs research “Implementing tablet-cloud systems in elementary schools – Transformative research in socio-digital activity systems” at the EARLI SIG Conference “Reflective minds and communities”. In 2016, this bi-annual conference will be held […]
Prof. Dr. Charles Max gave a keynote talk at the international summerschool of the CETE (Center of Excellence for Technology Education) network at the University of Essen-Duisburg (Ger) on June 21. The talk addressed the theoretical and methodological concerns of […]
The scipads team and Eric Castanet (European School Mamer/Bertrange) offered a workshop on inquiry-based learning with tablets in science education at the launch event of “eduSphere”, the MENJE digital environment of education and learning, that took place an March 12, […]
The sciPads project participated in the “Snt partnership day” 2015 on Wednesday 6th June to present the project posters and the promotional video. In addition, the sciPads team introduced a newly developed website www.scipads.lu which includes a detailed description of […]
On Friday 12th July 2013, the sciPADS team participated in the ‘Schoulfest zu Harel’, the end of year’s school festivity of the Regionalschoul Uewersauer in Harlange. Besides the multiple activities organized for this festivity, the school also presented a collection […]
ƪ(◞ิ۝◟ิ‵)ʃ NECROMORPHTASTISCHE DFAN INFOS ♛ ···································································...
Via Bolzano. A trundle bed and two incontri incestuosi porno beds. St Costanza mausoleum Byzantine mosaics and Christian catacombs: And that LCD Soundsystem single is. Except that his Christian name is. Was the celebrated political prisoner and former President of South Africa a trundle bed and two single beds.
Islamists reject the needs for a Muslim Martin Luther. They contend that Shari'a law is God's law and that God's law is valid for all time, place, and peoples. Martin Luther’s revolution, they argue, was a reaction to the abuse inflicted by Catholic clergy upon Christians and, since Islam has no clergy class, a Muslim Martin Luther is not needed.
It will be argued here that the ulama (Islamic religious scholars or clerics) have become since the tenth century as intrusive in the daily life of Muslims as the Catholic clergy before the Lutheran revolution. The article will discuss how the ulama succeeded in capturing such influence and why they have been able to maintain their tight control over the faithful.
Following the death of the Prophet Muhammad in 632, it quickly became clear to Muslim rulers that Quranic law did not cover every aspect of life in the Arabian Desert, let alone the territories of the Romans and Persians, which they conquered soon after the Prophet’s death. The Quran deals primarily with personal status matters, such as marriage, divorce, and inheritance. Of the 6,236 verses contained in the 114 Suras (chapters) of the Quran, only some 600 verses address legislative affairs. The vast majority of the rest is concerned with theological matters, religious duties, rituals, and recounting Biblical stories. Hitti put the legislative verses at around two hundred, mostly in the Medinese portion, and especially in Suras two and four (Philip K. Hitti, History of the Arabs, 1970, 396-397). Coulson writes that "no more than approximately eighty verses deal with legal topics in the strictest sense of the term" (Noel J. Coulson, A History of Islamic Law, 1999, 12).
During Islam’s first two and half centuries, the ulama succeeded in making the Prophetic Sunna (purported sayings and actions of the Prophet) a source of law equal to the Quran. The ulama’s success was in spite of the fact that the Quran never made the Sunna a source of law, and despite God’s attestation that, as the word of God, the Quran contains everything mankind needs to know (the Quran, 6:38, 16:89). Abu Saiid Al-Khudari, a Hadith narrator with 1,170 Prophetic traditions to his credit, reportedly quoted the Prophet saying: “Do not write from me anything except the Quran and whoever has written anything from me other than the Quran should erase it” (Azami, Studies in Hadith Methodology and Literature, 1977, 28).
Muslim scholars argue that the actions and sayings of the Prophet reflected the general provisions of the Quran and gave guidance in matters on which the Quran was silent (Albert Hourani, History of the Arab Peoples, 1991, 67). Incorporating the attributed sayings and actions of the Prophet into Islamic Shari’a made the Prophet more than the deliverer of God’s message. He became “the divinely certified exemplar, whose practice itself had a revelatory status: it was through his personal words and acts, and only his, that the commands of the Quran could be legitimately interpreted” (Marshall G. S. Hodgson, The Venture of Islam, Vol. 1. 1977, 328).
Adding the Sunna of the Prophet to the Quran expanded the narrow coverage of Quranic rules considerably. Expanding the coverage of the Quran has thrust the ulama class into the details of Muslims’ daily affairs. The ulama have become the teachers, the preachers, the muftis, the judges, and the court officials–generally the guardians over Muslims’ behavior and morality. This development effectively created a Muslim clergy class akin to Catholic clergy. In their success, the ulama enslaved Muslims.
Muslims argue that Islam distinguishes itself from Christianity on two counts. The first count is the direct relationship that God establishes with Muslims. The ulama are merely learned religious scholars, not intermediaries, or representatives of God on the Earth. By contrast, the Catholic clergy are representatives of Christ on the Earth (Mark 16: 15 and 17, and Matthew 18:18). The Quran condemns priests and rabbis (5:63, 9:31, 9:34).
However, the Catholic clergy lost much of their control since the European Reformation of the sixteenth century. Protestantism stripped much of the Catholic priesthood of its control and abuse of power. In October 1517, Martin Luther revolted against the Catholic Church, the pope, and the clergy. Lutheran reforms denied the authority of the pope, broke the priests’ control over access to salvation, and created a new system of Christian doctrine. On the other hand, the ulama have managed for the past one thousand years to control not only the spiritual lives of Muslims, but also every detail of their temporal life.
It is true that the ulama class do not forgive sins as Catholic clergy do; though Orthodox and Protestant priests do not. Muslims do not need anyone to forgive their sins. They clear their own sins through prayer and other rituals. And,
Devoid of intermediaries between God and man, Luther’s conception of the relationship between Christians and God became identical to the original conception of Islam regarding the relationship between Muslims and God. Interestingly, Christians, the followers of a religion based on priesthood, became less controlled by Christian clergy, while Muslims, the followers of a non-church-based religion, became controlled by the ulama.
The second count Muslims raise to distinguishes Islam from Christianity is that, unlike Christian churches, the ulama class has no central authority to organize and control. While it is true that the Islamic ulama have no central worldwide authority, they have became organized on a country-by-country basis in governmental bureaucracies. They are employed in the ministries of education, ministries of Islamic endowments (awkaf), councils for Islamic jurisprudence (or some similar offices), and Shari’a courts systems. Doctrinally too, the Sunni ulama, in guarding and defending traditional dogma from innovation, have, for a thousand years, been effectively acting as a central authority preventing doctrinal change. Under Shiism, a Marjaa Taqlid (meaning reference for emulation), in his individual capacity as a representative of the Hidden Imam, exercises absolute authority over his followers. The Khomeini wilayat al-faqih construction in Iran created a formal religious and temporal central authority for Shi’ism in Iran.
Wrapping God’s law and dogma tightly around the body of Muslims, the ulama created for themselves financially lucrative careers, political influence, and high social standing. Today, from mosques, newspapers, radio, and television the ulama vocally threaten those who fail to heed their guidance with the wrath of God, eternal damnation, and hell’s fire.
Palace ulama help their benefactors maintain non-representative dictatorial rule. On every turn, supporting ulama proclaim that blind obedience to the Muslim ruler is a form of piety. They remind the populace of the Quranic order in 4:59: “Obey God and obey God’s messenger and obey those of authority among you.” They hammer-in the Prophet’s reported saying, according to Sahih Muslim’s collection: “He who obeys me obeys God; he who disobeys me, disobeys God. He who obeys the ruler, obeys me; he who disobeys the ruler, disobeys me.” The belief in predestination, a central part of the Islamic creed, makes tyrannical Arab rule appears as if it were ordained by the inviolate will of God.
The masses seek ulama’s guidance on every imaginable worldly and spiritual matter, from personal hygiene, diet, and healthy living, to good manner, family affairs, and religious rituals. The airwaves and newspapers are filled with questions on whether, for example, it is permissible to have a tattoo, colour one’s hair, wear a gold ring or a silk garment, or what to eat, how to greet a guest, and what to say to a person who sneezes, etc…
On public issues, prominent ulama issue a bewildering array of fatwa’s (religious rulings). Here are a few. A former dean of the Shari’a faculty at Sunni Islam’s oldest and most famous university, Al-Azhar, issued a fatwa in January 2006 declaring that being completely naked during the act of coitus annuls the marriage. The imam of Islam’s holiest mosque in Mecca, Dr. A.R. Al-Sudais, preached in November, 2006 that the drought that hit Saudi Arabia in the winter of 2006 was caused by the proliferation of sin, specifically, dealing in usury, bribery, lying, dishonesty, and violating God’s rules. In May 2007 the dean of the Hadith (Prophetic sayings) faculty, also at the Al-Azhar University, opined that as a way to avoid breaking the Islamic rule that forbids the genders from being alone together, a woman may breastfeed her male co-worker a total of five times. In Islamic tradition, breast-feeding of a woman’s non-biological child establishes a certain maternal relation between the woman and the child that allows the woman to show her face and hair in the presence of the child when he reaches adulthood. In July 2010, a member of Al-Azhar Fatwa Committee, Abdulaziz Najjar, opined that women are prohibited from wearing tight jeans because men might become sexually aroused. In December 2010, Muhammad Al-Bouti, a Syrian cleric, declared that the drought affecting Syria that winter was due to, among others, the airing of an objectionable television-show during the previous month of Ramadan. To bring rain, a special rain prayer was performed throughout Syria's mosques on December 10, 2010 as directed by the Syrian President.
Blasphemy laws suppress criticism of ulama’s teaching. Recent court convictions in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and Sudan are apt to mention. In 1993, Islamist lawyers asked the courts to rule that Cairo University professor Nasr Abu Zeid was an apostate, because of his controversial interpretation of Quranic teachings. The petitioners argued that, as an apostate, Abu Zeid should not be allowed to remain married to a Muslim woman in a Muslim country. The petitioners demanded that Professor Abu Zeid be forced to divorce his wife. An appellate court in June 1995 gave the plaintiffs standing to pursue their suit, after a lower court threw out the suit. In August 1995, the Court of Cassation, Egypt’s highest court of appeal, supported the ruling against Abu Zeid. Professor Abu Zeid and his wife fled Egypt. In November 2005, a Saudi court sentenced a teacher, Mohammed Al-Harbi, to 750 lashes and forty months in prison for “trying to sow doubt in a student’s creed.” Human Rights Watch says Mr. Al-Harbi discussed Christianity, Judaism, and the dangers of terrorism with students and posted signs against terrorism around his school. He also reportedly encouraged his students to analyze differences between the Quran and the Sunna. Mr. Al-Harbi was found guilty of promoting “dubious ideologies” and “preventing students from going to wash for prayer.” On March 14, 2008, Sheikh Abdul-Rahman Al-Barrak, a leading Saudi cleric, issued a fatwa that two Saudi writers should be tried for apostasy for their “heretical articles” and put to death if they do not repent. Barrak was responding to recent articles in Al-Riyadh newspaper that questioned the Sunni Muslim view in Saudi Arabia that Christians and Jews should be considered unbelievers. In Sudan, an article considered offensive to the Prophet in the Al-Wifaq newspaper in 2005 led a Sudanese court to close the publication for three months. On August 6, 2006, Islamists decapitated Al-Wifaq’s editor. On October 2, 2018, Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed in the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul to end his criticism of Saudi policies on the pages of the Washington Post newspaper in the US.
Notwithstanding the difficulties inherent in periodizations, over the long sweep of Islamic history, two major phases are discernible. The first is the age of Islamic enlightenment. The second is the age of Islamic stagnation.
This phase covers the period from the start of the Prophetic mission in 610 until around the end of the third Islamic century, when the door to individual philosophical reasoning to interpret the Quran and the Sunna and to form new religious opinions (ijtihad) was shut to Sunni Muslims. During this phase, the Islamic creed was in the process of development, the ulama were divided, and their influence was still weak. Consequently, intellectual debate was vibrant and philosophical reasoning robust.
During Phase I, literate Arabs were able to read the philosophical works of Aristotle, the leading neo-Platonic commentators, and most of the medical writings of Galen, and Persian and Indian scientific works (Philip K. Hitti, History of the Arabs, 1970, 306-307). Within less than two centuries, more discoveries were made “than in many centuries previously either from Nile to Oxus or in the Mediterranean lands” (Marshall G. S. Hodgson, The Venture of Islam, Vol. 1, 1974, 413). This knowledge, along with the use of Arabic numerals, which the western world uses today, was transferred to Europe via the Arabs in Spain and Sicily. The transfer helped spur the European Renaissance of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
During this phase, Greek philosophy influenced rationalist thinking. In the mid-700s, Greek Christianity in Syria led to religio-philosophical schools. Influenced by St. John of Damascus, the Qadarite School advocated free will and opposed the concept of predestination. About the same time, the great Mu’tazilite School placed reason above revelation, argued that the Quran was created, and advocated man’s free will. Mu’tazilisim survived for about three centuries and during the reign of Caliph Al-Mamoun (813-833) it became the official doctrine of the Abbasid state. By around the mid-900s, however, the spectacular movement of Mu’tazilisim lost out and its advocates were persecuted.
Mu’tazilisim was supplanted by the deterministic and authoritarian theology of the orthodox scholar Abulhassan Al-Ash’ari (d. 935). Al-Ash’ari advocated strict adherence to the literal meaning of the Quran without speculation or conjectural explanations. He rejected all notions of causality, eliminating the right of further interpretation of the Quran and the Sunna, or of forming a new religious opinion. Al-Ash’ari’s ideas smothered intellectual curiosity, and his thought contributed to what later became Sunni Islam. Ever since that time, expressing any idea that contravenes or so much as questions the established dogma has meant imprisonment and persecution. The end of intellectual freedom has dealt a severe blow to Muslim fortunes over the past ten centuries until the present day. During the first phase, Shi’ism also evolved. Shi’ites developed their own Hadith collections. Scores of passionate extremist sects arose, pledging loyalty to Ali and to his descendants.
The era of Muslims’ enlightenment was concurrent with the Middle Ages, an era of European darkness under a dictatorial church. During this period, Islam’s armies conquered parts of Europe and threatened the rest of the Christian continent. Arab forces reached as far as the French Pyrenees in 732, ruled Sicily for two centuries, and dominated parts of Spain until the late fifteenth century.
This era covers the last one thousand years or so, from the time when the gates of ijtihad were shut to the present. During this phase, the Islamic creed matured and the ulama dominated Sunni life. Later, after the Arab Empire was destroyed by the Mongols in 1258, the Ottoman sultans allowed the ulama class a prominent official role in their empire. The qadi (Islamic judge), for example, became one of the three most important officials in Ottoman provincial hierarchy, alongside the commander of the military force (janissary) and the governor.
During this phase, the Mongols came from the east in 1258 and destroyed the Arab Empire. In 1918, the Europeans (Britain, France, Italy, and Russia) came from the west and the north and destroyed Islam’s second empire, that of the Ottoman Turks.
The Ottoman Empire’s existence (1280-1918) coincided with the five centuries during which Western Europe experienced the Renaissance, Reformation, and Enlightenment. By the early 1500s, the European Renaissance and Martin Luther’s revolution planted the seeds of the modern age in Europe. The church was separated from the European state, and the individual was liberated from the dogmatic “dos” and “don’ts” of the clergy. This separation removed the rigid boundaries that the church had imposed on European imagination for the previous thousand years.
Removing the church’s control was among the factors that led to the Industrial Revolution of the late 1700s. The Industrial Revolution propelled Europe’s success and military might to previously unknown levels. This revolution changed the balance of power between Islam and Christendom. The era of European reformation and enlightenment coincided with the Muslim era of stagnation. The effect of the shift in the balance of power becomes apparent in the striking difference in the performance of the Muslim armies in the fifteenth century and the sixteenth centuries. While the Ottoman Turks took Constantinople in 1453 with relative ease, they failed to take Vienna in 1529, and again in 1683, marking a turning point in Islam’s confrontation with Europe.
During the Ottoman stagnation, free thought was stifled, intellectual curiosity smothered, and innovation discouraged, undoubtedly to accord with the Prophet’s reported rejection of all things innovative. Three centuries after the printing press was introduced in Europe, the Ottoman ulama still considered printing in Arabic and Turkish to be an undesirable innovation. Bernard Lewis wrote:
"Seyh-ul-Islam Abdullah Efendi was persuaded to issue a fatwa authorizing the printing of books in Turkish on subjects other than religion. The printing of the Koran, of books on Koranic exegesis, traditions, theology, and holy law was excluded as unthinkable . . . Finally, on July 5, 1727, an Imperial Ferman [meaning edict, or decree] was issued, giving permission for the establishment of a Turkish press" (Bernard Lewis, The Emergence of Modern Turkey, 1961, 51).
However, fifteen years later, in 1742, the press was closed, not to be reopened until forty-two years later in 1784. The long delay in introducing the printing press into Ottoman life was symptomatic of the rigidity that slowed Ottoman progress at a time when Europe was charging ahead with great inventions. That the long delay was due to the technical difficulties arising from the fact that Arabic letters are generally not written separately but joined to each other to form words is an apologist rhetoric.
In the 1800s, the Ottomans, starting with Sultan Mahmut II (1808-1839) and his successor son, Sultan Abdulmecit (1839-1861), tried to copy certain secular reforms from Europe, but it was too late. It is almost impossible to graft Western culture onto a rigid Eastern Islamic culture. Eventually, Europe destroyed the Ottoman Empire and dominated the Muslim world.
The ulama’s hold on Muslims is the worst form of slavery. Rigid and unchanging Shari’a laws will continue to bind Muslims to seventh century laws and dogma of the Arabian Desert. Muslims can learn from the Christian experience. Europe and the West dominated the world, not because of Christianity, but in spite of Christianity. Had it not been for separating Christianity from the European state, for ending the tyranny of the church’s clergy, the industrial revolution might not have happened when it did and Western modernity might not have become what we see today.
Unless the ulama’s control is ended, the Arab and Muslim peoples will subsist in a trap of stagnating poverty and ignorance—the object of exploitation by the developed world. To join the ranks of the modern world is to separate Islam from the state. This does not mean, however, relegating the religious commitments of individuals a secondary role. The relationship between God and man is a personal matter and must be respected. What is advocated here is the development of modern laws and judicial systems to replace Shari’a laws and courts systems.
What would a release from the ulama’s control achieve? Release from the ulama’s control would free Muslims from the debilitating demagoguery of the belief in predestination, in fate, superstition, and psychotic explanations of the evil eye and the machinations of angels and djinn. Release from the ulama’s hold would lead to instituting modern laws; in particular, personal status laws. Modern laws would grant women legal rights equal to those of Muslim men. Release from the ulama’s grip would also mean examining the historicity of the Quran and the Hadith without the fear of prosecution under blasphemy laws.
Where does religious reform in Arab countries stand today? The answer differs from one country to another. It ranges from Wahhabi Saudi Arabia, where seventh century desert laws still dominate, to Tunisia, which achieved impressive progress toward separating Islam from city hall.
Tunisia’s first president, Habib Bourguiba, who held office from July 25, 1957 until November 7, 1987, was the most avowedly secularist leader in the Arab world. To Bourguiba, Islam represented the past; modernity represented the future. Bourguiba implemented a genuine program of secularization and modernization, abolishing Shari’a courts and polygamy. He reformed education and banned the headscarf for women. The Program on Governance in the Arab Region of the United Nations Development Program states:
"The Tunisian government has sought to develop a new phase of Islamic thinking (ijtihad) distinct from the Islamic law in other Muslim countries. This new thinking has included reforms to create gender equality in the areas of marriage, divorce, child custody, and women’s social autonomy. The latest round of reforms in 1993 brought Tunisian Law in accordance with international human rights standards".
The purpose of this document is to lay out the style of government for the Alliance henceforth and forevermore known as The Dark Empire. It is to clarify all laws governing the nations that decide to enter the brotherhood of man and woman of which TDE is made of.
The ability to apply for membership in TDE is open to all members of the Project Terra community. There is one mandatory trade sphere for being accepted into the TDE, the trade sphere is the North American Union (NAU). This alliance reserves the right to deny applications, and meeting only the aforementioned requirements is no guarantee of admission to the alliance.
All applications are to be accepted my the Lord of the Interior (or his designee) under the direction of the Ruling Council, of which may decide to reject any application of their choosing. Applications are to be made under the directions of the LoI.
The Ruling Council consists of the Viceroy, who shall lead the alliance, and three lords who shall control each facet of the alliance: War, Interior, and Finance.
The Ruling Council may declare war, approve all treaties with foreign alliances, and wield any other powers necessary and proper for the functioning of the alliance.
The Viceroy is the de facto leader of TDE. He or she is in charge of overseeing the everyday affairs of the alliance, heading the government, and representing the alliance in international affairs. Their duty is the protection and advancement of the alliance. The Viceroy is Head of the Government and may assign positions and delegate power as he so chooses. He shall have a life-long term until he is impeached or resigns.
Each Lord is head of a specific department as decided by the Viceroy. Each can be taken out of office or impeached by the House of Commons if so inclined to. Each department can be decided by the Viceroy, and he may at his own digression get rid of departments as he sees fit.
The House of the Commons is the senate body of all member nations, each holding one vote in the event of referendums, and impeachments.
Impeachment is the process by which a member of the government is removed from their position. A petition for impeachment must be submitted to the Viceroy along with the names of five sponsors, or may be initiated unilaterally by the Viceroy. All impeachment votes shall be 48 hours in length.
During times of open war, any one vested with such power by the Governorate may designate target(s) free to attack for any period of time.
This document serves to affirm and uphold the values that we accept as central to the beliefs and principles of the Shadow Alliance. The integrity of the Charter depends on each member’s responsibility to uphold the Spirit and Meaning of the Document, and this responsibility should not be taken lightly.
Bath and Spa Gifts Body Massagers Candles Compact Mirrors Hair Brushes Lotions Manicure Sets Oral Care Shampoos and Soap
أهلا وسهلا بك زائرنا الكريم، إذا كانت هذه زيارتك الأولى للمنتدى، فيرجى التكرم بزيارة صفحة التعليمـــات، بالضغط هنا. كما يشرفنا أن تقوم بالتسجيل بالضغط هنا إذا رغبت بالمشاركة في المنتدى، أما إذا رغبت بقراءة المواضيع والإطلاع فتفضل بزيارة القسم الذي ترغب أدناه.
Want to play more or haven't signed up yet? Here are the spots left. Remember you get $100 off your second team registration.
We have identified three major causes of change in Canada over the same period which have had at times paradoxical effects: the judicial activism resulting from the coming into force of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms in 1982, the adoption of the National Strategy on Community Safety and Crime Prevention and the fight against organized crime. Since we will be discussing each of these causes more fully in subsequent chapters of this report, we will only briefly sketch out the broader context here.
With regard to cannabis, there is undoubtedly no better example than the decision by the Ontario Court of Appeal in the R. v. Parker.[1][19] In that case, the Ontario Appeal Court considered the constitutional validity of the prohibition against marijuana under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act in the context of its use for medicinal purposes. The Court unanimously held that Terrance Parker's allegations that the prohibition violated his fundamental rights under section 7 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms were founded. Rosenberg J.A., writing for the majority, found that Mr. Parker needed marijuana to control the symptoms of his epilepsy and that the prohibition against marijuana possession was accordingly unconstitutional. The Court thus held that the statutory provision was null and void. However, they suspended the declaration of invalidity for one year, thus giving the government time to amend the act accordingly. In July 2001, as a result of that decision, the government made regulations circumscribing the use of cannabis for medicinal purposes.
Other judicial decisions altered the applicability of drug legislation in various ways, particularly regarding police powers. Certain of these decisions are briefly reviewed in Chapters 14 and 15.
Generally speaking, it has been observed that, since the Charter came into force, the courts have played an increasingly significant role in Canadian political life, and the drug issue has not fallen outside the scope of this judicial activism. Moreover, a decision on the issue of the use of cannabis for non-medicinal purposes is to be rendered by the Supreme Court of Canada in the coming months.
In 1999, as a result of the work of the National Crime Prevention Council, the federal government introduced the National Strategy on Community Safety and Crime Prevention. The purpose of this national strategy, originally allocated an annual budget of $35 million, which increased to approximately $65 million this year, is to prevent crime through social development actions in the communities by taking action in particular on risk factors among children and youths. While the Strategy does not specifically mention prevention of drug use, a certain number of its projects and activities have focused on that issue in various ways.
The Centre has seen fit to fund two special drug treatment court pilot projects, in Toronto and Vancouver, for the purpose of preventing repeat drug abuse and related criminality. The Centre also supports an initiative of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities to introduce drug-free communities in a certain number of cities. It is also supporting the evaluation of alternative measures programs for youths accused of cannabis possession.
If there is one legal subject that has given rise to extensive public debate, led to the passage of new legislation granting greater powers to police forces and resulted in spectacular police operations and no less spectacular trials, it is organized crime, in particular criminalized motorcycle gangs in Quebec, the Italian-Canadian Mafia in Montreal and the Asian heroin rings on the West Coast.
In 1995, Parliament passed Bill C‑95 granting police officers more effective tools for investigating and prosecuting individuals taking part in gang activities. Four years later, three problems led the government to propose amendments to the Criminal Code and other statutes: the problems involved in implementing the act, the growing influence of organized crime in Canada and the illegal activities committed by police officers in undercover operations. In 1999, in passing Bill C‑51 (an omnibus bill amending the Criminal Code), Parliament granted immunity from prosecution to police officers who had to commit offences related to money laundering in the course of an investigation or in performing other duties. According to the government, the purpose of that amendment was to support police officers in the fight against organized crime and money laundering.
In addition, on October 19, 2000, the Sub-Committee on Organized Crime of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights tabled a report proposing a series of amendments that could be made to the Criminal Code to facilitate the fight against criminal organizations. The Sub-Committee began its work in April 2000, and, in view of the nature of the subject under study, its members decided at the outset to perform their work in camera. Among other things, the Committee recommended that the Criminal Code be amended in such a way as to group together all provisions concerning activities relating to organized crime in a specific part entitled "Organized crime, designated substance offences, gangs and money laundering". A number of the Committee's recommendations were incorporated into Bill C‑24, which received Royal Assent in December 2001.
It was really helpful to read your post on Configure Php Storm for Drupal coding standards. Because I was in search of this configuration settings. Your post was much helpful for me, as you explained simple words and that too clearly by step by step. If you are in search of online writing service then please contact with the best essay writing service which will help you to achieve genuine essays at cheap price and in short time period. Thanks for sharing this post with us.
Here is a simple thought experiment . . . conservatives love to use analogies and fables, you can use them too.
Imagine your favorite restaurant. Perhaps it is locally owned . . . or maybe you like one of those chains like Chili’s or TGI Friday’s. You go in, and take a seat, and pretty soon somebody comes out and gets your drink order.
Now go find the restaurant owner. Better yet, go find one of the stockholders in a restaurant chain.
Tell him that somebody slaughtered the cow, and picked the lettuce, and tossed the saled, and baked the potato, and broiled the steak, and brought it all out to you. Then someone cleaned up the dishes after you . . .
The business owner . . . and even more so, the stockholders . . . get a living. They eat food somebody else grew. They live in houses somebody else built. They drive expensive cars, somebody else assembled. They attend Ivy League colleges, and receive the best medical care in the world. Yes sir, capitalism makes plenty of money to pay the owners . . . the people who do nothing for you . . . and give them the most fabulously wealthy lifestyle in human history.
But what about the people who slaughter the cow, pick the lettuce, cook the steak, toss the salad, bring it out to you, and cleam up after you? What about the people who build the houses, and assemble the cars, and drive the trucks, and operate the machines? What about the people who cut your grass, and pick up your trash? According to the conservatives themselves, capitalism just can’t afford to give a decent living to those people who actually produce the goods and services.
The stockholders get healthcare, but if you ask about healthcare for the guy who cleans up your dishes for you, the conservatives say we just can’t afford it.
Here is the question for you? When you finish paying for dinner, who deserves to get a living for providing you with dinner? Some stockholder who lives on the upper west side of Manhattan? Or the people who actually make it for you, bring it to you, and clean up after you?
You talk in terms of “compassion” and “sympathy.” You talk about the pain of people who do without . . . and you miss the point.
I’m not asking for sympathy. I’m asking for justice. Here is a simple principle of economics . . . one you can find in the very first sentence of Adam Smith. Adam Smith said “The annual labour of every nation is the fund which originally supplies it with all the necessaries and conveniencies of life which it annually consumes . . .”
The source of all wealth is labor. The source of everything you consume . . . everything . . . is labor. “Ownership” produces nothing. Labor produces everything. Ownership is a legal construct . . . .it is a social fiction. Labor is real. That “owners” should have everything they need, while labor does without, is nothing short of a moral outrage . . .
That is the basis of liberalism. That is the moral argument behind such New Deal and Great Society reforms as the minimum wage, the 8 hour work day, the right to collectively bargain, Social Security, Medicare, unemployment compensation, and every other institution of New Deal liberalism. The progressive taxation necessary to pay for it, isn’t “stealing.” It is returning to labor what was taken from it. [Progressive taxation is also painless, since the wealthy pay taxes AFTER they have acquired everything else they want . . .but that's another story.]
That is the moral argument nobody is making. It is ideological justification for New Deal liberalism . . . the justificiation nobody is making. Working people aren’t asking for a living wage, and collective bargaining, and a basic retirment, and decent healthcare just because they “want” them. They’re asking for those things, because they damn well earn them . . . and they deserve them . . . more than some investor who has never lifted a finger to produce any of the “necessaries and conveniencies of life which [we] annually consume . . . .”
Oh, and here is a short, quick and dirty, question to ask every dittohead you know. “If capitalism is such a wonderful system, why can’t it afford to furnish a decent living to everybody who works in it?”
What to do? Set your location for concerts in your area. Use the Search box or click a filter in the left hand column. Click on a title for more information.
We are pleased to announce that the money raised from recycled plastic caps during the past months has reached its goal and Laia will be able to recei...
I turned to the only people I know who bought their first home at 18—Drew and Jonathan Scott to figure out how Gen Z will buy homes.
winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the pooh winnie the p...
Nebraska sniffed out Michigan’s rushing attack in the second quarter, holding the Wolverines to 20 rush yards and the Cornhuskers now lead 7-6. Michigan’s Brendan Gibbons made two field goals in the quarter, including a 52-yarder.
But the biggest news of the quarter was Denard Robinson’s injury that knocked him out of the game. The Michigan quarterback hurt his throwing arm late in the half and didn’t return before halftime.
Nebraska took the game’s first lead after Taylor Martinez and Kenny Bell combined for a 32-yard touchdown on the last play of a six-play, 72-yard drive. The Cornhuskers ran just one time on that possession.
A 44-yard drive that ended when Gibbons kicked a 52-yard field goal helped the Wolverines narrow the deficit to 7-3. Michigan used a grind-it-out style on the drive, as no play went for more than eight yards.
The Wolverines made the score 7-6 after Gibbons made a 24-yard field goal to finish off a 67-yard drive.
EDITOR’S NOTE In partnership with Narrative Science, BTN.com posts recaps after every quarter of every Big Ten football game. Use the links above for more info on this specific game, including full Big Ten campus weather reports. And enter your zip code below to find the TV channel airing BTN football games on your TV provider. If your game isn’t listed, it’s on another TV network. Learn more about our TV GameFinder.
Ready to Grind another week away. Means more that it’s the last time these Seniors get to finish strong at the Big… https://t.co/lk0HYJ8dEG
IN! The Wolverines return to the NCAA Tournament for the second consecutive year, and will host Princeton on Thursd… https://t.co/W9r3jRhJfo
"I want it to be known that they laid the foundation for what we're about to become." Adrian Martinez wants to se… https://t.co/hgzVIFcgO8
"I know this thing is going up and I can't wait to see in year or two where it goes...I really do hope we (the seni… https://t.co/fRHnxgKnOB
Mick Stoltenberg’s senior day this week. Will always remember the day Mick and Harrison Phillips were running tight… https://t.co/kIGFxeNqNx
"The loser isn't the guy who gets knocked down. The loser is the guy that doesn't get back up." - Mick Stoltenberg #Huskers
Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these NEW: Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Ad Choices
We have learnt to expect that trains will be punctual. After years of conditioning, most of us have developed an unshakable faith in railway timetables. Ships may be delayed by storms; flights may be cancelled because of bad weather, but trains must be on time. Only an exceptionally heavy snowfall might temporarily dislocate railway services. It is all too easy to blame the railway authorities when something does go wrong. The truth is that when mistakes occur, they are more likely to be ours than theirs.
© Copyright 2015 DYNETMOBILE WARNING : IMEI Changing is illegal in Most of Countries. IMEI Repair is Intended to Repair IMEI to its Original IMEI Written in Phone Back . We are not responsible for any Problem caused by mis-using this Function. User will be Sole Responsible for any illegal Activity done by using this Function.
We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more.
Dynomodels is a Specialist RC model shop with a well stocked showroom based in Laughton, Nr Sheffield in South Yorkshire.
We understand it can be difficult for both existing and new businesses to know where to start when it comes to online marketing. At NetBrands, we hope to make your life simpler by taking care of this time consuming process, giving you the freedom to focus on other important aspects of your business.
The expert team at NetBrands will analyse and research the keywords your target market uses to find businesses just like yours. We then use this information to map out your website and integrate these keyphrases naturally into your site content. This powerful tool is known as SEO, or Search Engine Optimisation and is one of the best ways to drive clients directly to you.
Pay per click is an important part of any digital marketing campaign. It allows you to reach your target audience faster by appearing first in your prospective customers’ search results. PPC is a sophisticated system that requires ongoing maintenance- the good news is, you can leave that to us!
It’s important to make sure your website not only looks great, but also that it’s rendered for all types of devices. We can build a brand new website, perfectly designed with your company in mind whilst ensuring that it looks and functions as well on mobile devices, as it does in-browser.
NetBrands has proven history in running successful social media campaigns, giving you peace of mind that no matter what business you’re in, you will be reaching the right people through the right avenues. Let us take care of your social media campaigns for platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn.
Launch your business into the 21st century with your very own App! NetBrands designs and builds custom, user friendly Apps that your customers can access on the go.
We focus heavily on CRO or ‘Conversion Rate Optimisation’ for our clients. CRO is a system for increasing the percentage of visitors to a website that convert into customers and is crucial because while you may have visitors to your website, are they actually converting?
Our team of Copywriters will keep your website content fresh and up to date. Your content will work in conjunction with your SEO package, utilising keywords that keep your site relevant in Google and other popular search engines.
ONLYOFFICE editors and ownCloud is the match made in heaven, wrote once one of our users. Inspired by this idea, we developed an integration app for you to use our online editors in ownCloud web interface.
Use the fast mode to see what your teammates are typing at the moment or the strict mode to work on the document fragment without being distracted by others.
Let your teammates review the document to correct misprints and suggest ideas without changing the text itself. Use commenting to leave witty comments to your colleague’s text, or buit-in chat to discuss document issues.
To start using ONLYOFFICE Editors with ownCloud, you need to have Document Server version 3.0 or later installed. The solution you use (free Community Edition or paid Enterprise) doesn’t matter.
Download this simple integration app that works as a bridge between ONLYOFFICE Document Server and ownCloud and place it into the /apps directory on your OwnCloud server.
Congrats, your ownCloud now has ONLYOFFICE editors integrated! We wish you productive work and would be glad to hear what’s your impression, so leave your comments here or contact us on social networks.
And if one has made good use of http://justbuyessay.com ones competence in developing this narrative.
11th of November, 2015: The scout, lightly manned, was able to offer about as much resistance to our squad as one might expect. That is to say, very little at all.
Bedroom — This bedroom, is one of the 18 designs published under the gallery: Astonishing Image Of Bedroom Design And Decoration With Various Queen Malm Bed Frame. In the next page, we have the exquisite picture of bedroom design and decoration using solid cherry wood storage queen malm bed frame including solid birch wood tile bedroom flooring and all white bedroom wall paint [ ... ]. While in	the previous page, we have the breathtaking furniture for white bedroom design and decoration using white wood queen malm bed frame including unique shape white wood girl night stand and light oak wood tile bedroom flooring [ ... ].
25 Best Round Glass Kitchen Table Set shows many inspiring furniture design and interior decor especially the kitchen designs, inluding: Modern dining room decor with glamorous round glass dining table, Interesting round glass dining table set with cream floor and, Cool remodeling kitchen table sets with glittering chrome pedestal, Fabulous round glass top dining table set with elegant chairs, and many more. [ continue ... ]
Contemporary Kitchen Cabinet Ideas is featuring several inspiring furniture and interior design principally the kitchen designs, such as: Stunning contemporary kitchen colors for your home and architecture, Contemporary brown and white cabinet with ceramic floor, Best contemporary cabinet with wooden floor and ceiling lamps, Contemporary kitchen color trends ideas with white decoration, and many more. [ continue ... ]
25 Best Kitchen Remodeling Ideas is complemented with many lovely furniture design and interior mainly kitchen designs, which includes: Stunning kitchen remodeling design with black refrigerator and, Awesome kitchen remodeling ideas with brown mahogany wood kitchen, Awesome kitchen remodeling ideas to create the kitchen of your, Interesting kitchen remodeling ideas of your kitchen with engaging, and many more. [ continue ... ]
15 Smart Storage Designs for Small Kitchen features so many inspiring interior and furniture design mainly kitchen designs, which includes: Stunning small kitchen layout with white wooden furniture combined, Brown storage cabinets for small kitchens with kitchen tools, Awesome small cottage kitchen design with space saving storage, Inspiring ideas for kitchen storage with wash basin kitchen and, and many more. [ continue ... ]
10 Ideas for English Style Kitchen is complemented with many stunning furniture and interior design specially the kitchen designs, for example: Awesome english kitchen with pretty beige wooden cabinets and, Fabulous english kitchen with beige cabinetry and storage along, Amazing english kitchen with green cabinetry and wooden island, Beautiful lighting kitchen decorating ideas in floor as well, and many more. [ continue ... ]
It’s happened to the best of us: all set to start a brand new recipe and you realize you are out of a critical ingredient. Rather than run out to the store, we’ve collected a list of popular substitutes for a wide range of common ingredients. So, hopefully the next time you run into an ingredient shortage, the furthest place you’ll be running to is to your pantry!
Buttermilk (1 cup): Add 1 tablespoon of vinegar or lemon juice in a liquid measuring cup and add milk to the 1 cup mark. Let stand for five minutes.
Wine (1 cup): 1 cup beef or chicken broth; 1 cup of fruit juice mixed with 2 tsp vinegar; 1 cup of water
The key factor in preparing excellent beef is choosing the right cut of meat for the job. “Tougher” cuts of meat come from harder working areas of the cow – areas where the muscles are used more, like the shoulder (called “chuck”) and brisket (from the chest). This meat, while tougher, is also very flavorful. Tougher cuts are best suited to slow moist cooking like braising and stewing which tenderize it and make it melt-in-the-mouth smooth. Think of a beautiful beef stew (beef Bourguignon anyone?) or the best pot roast ever. Cuts of meat from areas where the muscles are not used as much, like the ribs and loin, are more tender. They are best suited to quick, dry heat cooking methods like grilling and roasting. Think of a perfectly cooked bone-in rib eye steak, tender and flavorful… or a filet mignon with a red wine sauce to compliment the filet’s mild flavor and maximum tenderness. With the wide selection available and the varying names for cuts in different parts of the country, buying meat can be a bit confusing. Keep in mind the guidelines above, and always ask the butcher when you have a question – you’ll be buying meat with confidence in no time.
Cooking meat to perfection is a part art and part science. Cooking meat slowly breaks down its natural proteins and therefore affects its texture; in other words, the meat actually feels different at various stages of doneness, becoming less malleable the more cooked it gets (that’s it for the science part, we promise!) The art of the process is what is known as “The Finger Test”. By comparing the firmness of the meat to the fleshy part of your skin at the base of your thumb, you can determine how cooked your meat is.
Make an “O” shape with your thumb and forefinger and press on the fleshy part just after the base of your thumb. The soft and bouncy feel is consistent with meat cooked rare. Pressing on your steak with a pair of tongs or fingers should feel similar to this if your steak is rare.
Similar to the Finger Test for rare meat, make an “O” shape with your thumb, this time using your middle finger instead. The skin below the thumb should feel a little more tight and springy and is similar to the texture of a meat cooked medium.
By forming an “O” shape with your thumb and pinky, the skin below your thumb should feel quite stiff and firm. This is consistent with a well-done slice of meat.
By trying to be creative and fresh in the kitchen, it can be difficult to utilize all the ingredients we buy to their fullest before they inevitably go to waste. Here are some easy tricks to make some foods go the distance and last as long as they can.
If the bananas on the counter are past their “use by” date, peel them and put them in a freezer-safe container or plastic bag, and put them in the freezer. They’ll be perfect for making banana bread or smoothies later!
To keep fresh berries fresh for several days, remove them from their cartons, discard any molded berries and eat or separate any berries that have burst and are leaking juice. Cover a plate or tray with a paper towel, and spread the remaining berries in a single layer on the paper towel. Cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator. Wash the berries just before you use them.
Shred leftover bits of cheese and combine them together for a mixed cheese shred to make quesadillas or pizza, or to top pasta.
Store leftover “artisanal” bread (like a sourdough or ciabatta loaf) in an airtight container on the counter. For bread that won’t be used within a day or two, put the container in the freezer. When you’re ready to use the frozen bread, wrap it in foil and put it in the oven on the lowest temperature for about 20 minutes. For added versatility, slice the bread before you freeze it and only take out the number of slices you need at one time.
Squeeze the lemons and freeze the juice in ice cube trays, then store them in the freezer for anytime you need fresh lemon juice. Consider a refreshing batch of lemonade, maybe some basil-flavored lemonade, or a lemon tart for a treat any time of the year.
To keep delicate lettuce greens fresh longer, separate the leaves from the lettuce head, rinse, and then dry them in a salad spinner. Place the leaves in a single layer on paper or tea towels, and roll them up. Put the lettuce roll in a plastic bag and store in the refrigerator. The lettuce will stay crisp and fresh and you can take out just what you need – washed and ready to go.
The key to a successful event is planning, beginning with the menu. Take care to balance dishes that require last minute active work with dishes that can be made in advance and / or cooked “passively” (i.e. in the oven, requiring no hands-on). Consider the cooking space available (4 burners, 6 burners, one oven, two ovens, etc.) and the requirements of each dish. Think through the details in advance to lay the ground work for success – the host should also enjoy the party, and thorough planning from the beginning is a giant step towards a joyful event.
A basic balanced menu will include a protein (i.e. fish, poultry, pork, lamb, beef, tofu), a grain (i.e. rice, potatoes, bread) and a vegetable. Build a dinner menu starting from these basics, and fill out the meal from there as you like – add a second vegetable or perhaps include bread in addition to a rice dish. Think of the menu as a “whole”, so that individual dishes compliment each other to create overall balance in flavor and texture. If you’re serving chicken with a cream sauce, then don’t also serve scalloped potatoes (also a creamy dish). Or, if you’re serving salad with tomatoes, then avoid sliced tomatoes as the second vegetable. Crispy chicken with roasted potatoes is a lot of crunch – try mashed potatoes instead.
Remember the oven space! When planning your menu, keep in mind the oven space available and plan the menu accordingly. If you’re serving warm appetizers, make sure that you allocate enough time and space for each item, and remember to start the changeover early if you need to warm food for the main course.
When deciding appetizers for a dinner party, consider lighter fare so guests aren’t overly stuffed with heavy rich snacks when they sit down to the beautiful meal you’ve prepared. Foods like specialty Italian and French olives, pickled carrots, cherry tomatoes and spiced nuts offer variety and flavor but won’t spoil appetites for the main event.
To save time but still have variety on your buffet, make trays of food and cut them down to buffet size. For example, instead of making individual lemon tartlets, make a tray of lemon bars and cut them down to two-bite size. Chill the lemon bars first, and use a warm dry knife wiped clean after every cut. When necessary, use pretty candy cups to hold each petite slice.
To plan a balanced dessert buffet, select at least one item from each basic dessert “food group”: chocolate (truffles, brownies, chocolate dipped fruit), non-chocolate (macaroons, sugar cookies, nut bars), and fruit-based (tarts, pies, crumbles). For extra credit, select a custard/cream item as well (mousses, flans, cheesecakes). Selecting from each of these groups will almost guarantee something for everyone in the group to enjoy, and it will give your dessert buffet variety and sophistication.
Throwing a party can be very stressful, especially when the to-do list seems endless and the big day is approaching way too fast. To help relieve some party planner’s stress, we’ve put together the below timeline to help you organize and preplan with as little stress as possible leading up to your big day. To help relieve some party planner’s stress, we’ve put together the below timeline to help you organize and preplan with as little stress as possible leading up to your big day.
Do the food and beverage shopping for an event as far in advance as possible. Most beverages will keep for several weeks if not longer, so decide what you’ll be serving and shop a couple of weeks in advance, then be sure to store it appropriately until the party. Dry goods, canned goods and pantry items can be shopped for a week or two in advance. Buy meat and produce the day before the party, and save the fish buying for party day. Don’t forget the candles while you’re out and about. Shopping ahead not only saves from running out at the last minute for all those ingredients, but also give you the opportunity to shop around and wait for higher priced products to go on sale, saving you both stress and money! Don’t forget the chairs! Make arrangements to borrow from friends or rent any extra chairs you might need for party day.
Count silverware and glassware a few weeks in advance of a big event – remembering if you need salad and dessert forks in addition to main course forks. If you’re short on supply, consider borrowing from a friend or renting the extras needed – or forget the salad and serve soup instead (but make sure you have soup spoons)! Organize the music selection several days before a party. The earlier the better… the music won’t spoil and it’s another important detail that can be crossed off a long to-do list. Turn on the music and set the lights before the guests arrive so the party mood welcomes them at the door.
For any larger special event, give yourself a hand by writing a timeline for the food – there’s nothing worse than reaching to serve the roasted potatoes, only to realize you forgot to put them in the oven! Any cook can be distracted once the guests start to arrive and the festivities take over. Do your thinking in advance and write a timeline to identify when you need to do what, including important details like what time to turn on the oven to preheat. Then, when the party is in full swing, all you have to do is refer to your timeline and do what it says. A timeline will also help identify glitches in the plan. For instance, you have one oven and it needs to be at two different temperatures at the same time – time for a re-think. A timeline is also handy for giving helpful guests an assignment or two! Give the public areas of your home a thorough cleaning the week before a party, then do “touch up” cleaning the day before, or day of, your event.
Make your flower arrangements a day or two in advance of a special event. This gives the flowers a chance to open up in time for the big day, and it “checks the box” on what can be a time consuming task. It also allows for a little extra planning time if the flowers you had your heart set on aren’t anywhere to be found the week of your party! Iron the linens and set the tables (whether seated or buffet-style) the day or more before a special event. If necessary, cover tables with large clean sheets to keep everything in pristine condition. Cover stacks of plates on a buffet with napkins or dish towels. Set out serving platters and utensils and decide which foods they’ll be used for to eliminate the last minute stress of what to put where.
Anything that can be done in advance should be done in advance, no matter how small it seems. Make a goal of having all of the advanced tasks done 15 minutes before the guests are due; then, a few minutes before your guests arrive, pour yourself a beverage and relax for a minute or two. You’ll be able to greet your guests with a smile which is the best way to welcome them and set the tone for a great event.
Although we aren’t all professional chefs, applying a few basic techniques can help make you feel like a master in your own kitchen.
Room temperature for best results: Anything that can be done in advance should be done in advance, no matter how small it seems. Make a goal of having all of the advanced tasks done 15 minutes before the guests are due; then, a few minutes before your guests arrive, pour yourself a beverage and relax for a minute or two. You’ll be able to greet your guests with a smile which is the best way to welcome them and set the tone for a great event. For the perfect thick cut steak, seared on the outside and cooked to perfection on the inside: pat the meat dry, coat with a thin layer of your favorite cooking oil, and season one side with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Heat a skillet on medium to medium high heat, depending on your type of skillet, until it’s hot. Place the meat, seasoned side down, in the pan – it will sizzle as it develops a flavorful sear. Season the top side of the meat and, when the sear on the bottom is just how you like it, turn the meat over and, if possible, put it on a different hot section of the pan to sear the other side. After a couple of minutes, turn off the heat and remove the pan to a cool burner. Let the meat rest in the hot pan to finish cooking to your preferred internal temperature, about 5 minutes for medium rare. For thinner cuts of meat, shorten the cooking times accordingly.
Storing: To store fresh herbs, roll up the clean dry herbs in a paper towel, seal them in a plastic bag and keep them in the refrigerator.
To Salt or not to Salt: Properly salted water makes a big difference to the taste of pasta. To cook one pound of pasta, add 2 tablespoons of salt to 4 – 5 quarts of boiling water. The water will froth a bit when the salt is added. Stir in the salt, then stir in the pasta. Once the pasta is added and the water is boiling again, slightly reduce the heat to prevent boiling over. The well-salted water will flavor the pasta, following the concept of layering the seasoning throughout the cooking process.
Stir to Unstick: Always stir pasta as it’s added into boiling water to cook. Stirring a couple of times during the first minute or so of cooking will keep the pasta from clumping together as it cooks.
Cooked to Perfection: Pasta will continue to cook after it’s removed from boiling water. To avoid bloated, mushy pasta: cook the pasta just before it will be served, and cook it until it is just tender (“al dente”) to the bite. As pasta cooks, it will get slightly bigger as it absorbs water and it will lighten in color – two visual cues that show when it’s time to taste for al dente tenderness.
To keep knives in good condition for everyday use, “true” them up on a sharpening steel before each use. A sharpening steel is often included with the purchase of a knife set. Technically, a steel does not actually sharpen a knife, but rather realigns the microscopic teeth on a knife’s edge that become jagged with normal knife use. Hold the sharpening steel by the handle and run the edge of the knife along the steel at a 20 degree angle. Alternate each side of the knife, for a total of 6 – 8 strokes. When honing the knife’s blade on the steel no longer brings it back to desired sharpness, it’s time to truly sharpen the knife with a knife sharpener or by taking it to a knife sharpening service.
ReciPage | A professional solution to organizing and sharing your recipes. Totally free, totally powerful
Homemade Pumpkin Butter using freshly roasted pumpkin and all natural sweeteners. Pinch me, I think I'm dreaming.
These Almond Butter Chews could not be any easier and they make a simple pre-workout snack for about 100 calories each. They take 5 minutes to whip up, use just 1 bowl, and do not require an oven! You could even make them gluten-free quite easily using Nature’s Path GF Rice Crisp cereal.
I will never go back to ‘normal’ date squares after trying this simple, no-bake version! I loved them, my friends loved them, and there wasn’t a crumb to be found after breakfast. They were a huge hit!
A gluten-free breakfast cake that’s under 240 calories, made in under 5 minutes, and has over 8g fiber and just about as much protein. You make it in a cup, wait 3 minutes, and you’re chowing down on a healthy breakfast!
Alfajores are cornstarch cookie sandwiches filled with dulce de leche (milk caramel) and rolled on shredded coconut. These cookies are very popular in South America, enjoy!
A healthy oatmeal breakfast with raw chocolate, fresh mint and omega-3's from chia seeds. Hellz yeah!
A professional solution to organizing and sharing your recipes. Totally free, totally powerful. Join the Recipage community today!
Set of 2 Two-Tone Colored 11-oz. Coffee Mugs with a 2-in. colorful fine metal applique attached. Mug is 3.75-in. tall.
Contact Information. Designs by Karen is a full service florist and a member of , Riverbank Rotary, . We are
available Monday through Friday, from 10 AM to 5:00 PM and Saturday from 9:00 AM to 12:00 PM. Visit us. We’re
located at 3331 Santa Fe Street in downtown Riverbank. Enjoy the experience of shopping in our store for house
plants, fresh flowers, floral arrangements, balloons, and distinctive gifts. To reach us by telephone, call
Investors looking to get into equities should brace themselves for a volatile ride due to the potential policy risks and mistakes made by regulators, reported by CNBC.
Number 8 in the Halloween line maintains connections to John Carpenter's original. Resurrection picks up the thread of Halloween: H2O, with poor Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) now in a psychiatric hospital and determined to shut down homicidal Michael Myers once and for all. After this prologue, the story shifts to the old Myers house, where a TV reality show has enticed six teenagers to spend a single night in the spooky home. Needless to say, things are spoiled when Michael barges in: "I so did not sign up for this," sighs the young heroine, when the bloodletting begins. The mayhem is being broadcast live on the Internet, which makes the film a bit like Rear Window with Instant Messaging. The interesting premise is routinely handled, but that's enough to make this one of the better sequels in the series.
Special Features Deleted and alternate scenes with director's commentary Web cam special with commentary Photo gallery On the set with Jamie Lee Curtis Head cam featurette Storyboard comparisons
Turntable animation on assets for Google Cardboard VR racing game, made in Blender, Substance Painter and Unity 3D, rendered in Blender 2.79 using Cycles.
A short animation study I did. Just the good old "step on a rake" and "smash in the face" animation. Enjoy and leave a comment.
New sneak peak shows some really nice surprises for Max 2014. The previous project Geppetto is now included. Take a look at how easy it is to implement people into a scene.
Welcome all to watch my new showreel witch is simply called 12. Direct link here: https://vimeo.com/jonastornros/cinemantica12
Cinemantica is up with new stuff and will continue to deliver great content to the world in 2012. Give me a call.
Moving the videoclips to the "Works" section of the blog. There I will add content as new projects are revealed.
Real time 3D in Unity 3D working with and creating optimized models, normal map creation and import in game engine for apps on Android and iOS, working with AR (Augmented Reality) and VR (Virtual Reality).
Material knowledge, texture painting, texturing and mapping using UV-unwrap, texture baking and procedural mapping.
countertop desk for office desk ideas beautiful non tile ideas dental office kitchen desk ideas countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office desk ideas wonderful desk ideas with images about office on gorgeous desks laminate work area granite countertop office desk.
countertop desk for office incredible desk ideas best home design trend with how to make a planked wood desktop counter young house love countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office simple desk can be made with 2 reclaimed cabinets and a door countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office for built in wall to wall desk home is where my heart is featured on home office countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office collection in desk ideas ideas about butcher block desk on file cabinet countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office office desk counter top desks custom desk with cherry esoteric woodcraft small home remodel ideas granite countertop office desk.
countertop desk for office butcher block for our computer desk for painted furniture countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office innovative desk ideas images about desk on custom desk countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office home office traditional built in desk home office idea in with gray walls countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office finished office with corner desk areas and a high wall cabinets are high along the wall but only high in the corners to ensure countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office desk ideas collection in desk ideas lovely office decorating ideas with images about office redo desk ideas office countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office materials storage units leg a very easy hack that took some planning using two storage units to support the countertop desk office.
countertop desk for office lateral file cabinet home office traditional with built in storage corner desk designer home granite countertop office desk.
countertop desk for office create a seamless kitchen home office and multitask bills review homework while countertop desk office.
Create a forum on Forumotion | © phpBB | free forum support | Report an abuse | Have a free blog with Sosblog
Please consult your physician before using herbal supplements. The statements on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Products and information provided on this site are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. If you have a medical condition, consult your physician.
Can there be anything that sweet and tempting as a shemale asshole? The only thing that can compare it is Shemale Asshole, the greatest free shemale porn site! You can find thousands of exclusive xxx shemale pictures, sorted into several galleries over here, and enjoy the impressive amount of various tranny sex action. All the free tranny porn here is unique and very alluring: whether it's solo erotic photos, gangbang party or bisexual guys getting along with transexuals, it's quite entertaining and breath-taking. Black shemales are our personal pride, because it's really hard to find them anywhere else but on our transexual porn site. We update the galleries weekly, so you may want to subscribe and receive the fresh shemale pics immediately!
-Байгууллагын төрөл- Яам Төсвийн Ерөнхийлөн захирагч Сум, дүүргийн Төсвийн Ерөнхийлөн Захирагч, Төвлрүүлэн захирагч Агентлаг Төсвийн байгууллага Хувь оролцоотой болон ТӨХК Төрийн өмчит үйлдвэрийн газар Орон нутгийн өмчит үйлдвэрийн газар Төрийн өмчит аж ахуйн тооцоот үйлдвэрийн газар Орон нутгийн өмчит аж ахуйн тооцоот үйлдвэрийн газар Төсөл, Хөтөлбөр Засгийн газрын тусгай сан Сум хөгжүүлэх сан Мал хамгаалах сан Хөдөлмөр эрхлэлтийг дэмжих сан Байгаль хамгаалах сан Нийгмийн даатгалын сан Нийгмийн халамжийн сан Төрийн Бус Байгууллага Төрийн Өмчит Аж Ахуй Нэгж Байгууллага Нөхөрлөл , Хоршоо Аж Ахуй Нэгж Хувийн сургууль Хувийн Цэцэрлэг Иргэн
LXC allows us to share Linux kernel to run application in something similar to chroot environment. Lets take a look at how to install and manage LXC on CentOS 7. Containers reside in /var/lib/lxc/ directory
JB Dry Cleaning is a full service dry cleaning company based in Houston, TX, and operating in Texas.In business since 1992, we offer our customers quality services such as dry cleaning, delivery dry cleaning, and area rug cleaning. We pride ourselves on customer service and guarantee your satisfaction with our work.
Our dry cleaning service is perfect for the apartment living individual who’s always on the go, the businessman or woman who needs fresh-pressed suits for meetings, or the couple who looking for a nice night on the town. We’ll get rid of stains, grease and oil that your traditional washer and dryer can’t, leaving your garments good as new or even better. We also do wedding gown dry cleaning and leather and suede dry cleaning.
We understand that sometimes you just can’t pick up your dry cleaning. For whatever reason, business or personal, you might let us know that you can’t make it back to pick your items up. Don’t worry—we deliver. Regardless of whether or not you’re home, we’ll leave your garments at your front door or any place you designate as appropriate, leaving you all the time you need to take care of your business while not having to worry about making the extra stop home.
Lastly, JB Dry Cleaning also provides its customers with area rug cleaning. This service includes winter and Oriental rug cleaning as well, and it’s perfect for getting that dusty old rug back into shape. Found an old family rug sitting in the attic?We can clean it up and make it look like new, guaranteed.
JB Dry Cleaning has the experience to take care of all your dry cleaning needs. Give us a call today or fill out our contact form!
Dust Control Tips, New Hiring Trends, and Changes She's Seen in the Drycleaning Industry, with Jan Barlow - American Drycleaner
King County grant program helps dry cleaners switch to non-toxic cleaning systems - The International Examiner
It is to inform you that we are 5 members in my family.4 members are femel only one person me male works far away from my home.During the new raan card issue we dont have information to reissue.
This way the disributer has not gives us kerosin oil.he told that ovenment has stop your facility so you cant take.
By combining our CAD (Computer Aided Design) capabilities with our extensive knowledge and experience of the office furniture and interiors sector, we are able to offer independent and impartial help with the design and planning of your office space.
Our extensive network of consultants can offer help in areas such as, Storage Solutions, Partitioning Systems, Ergonomic and Systems Furniture Solutions, Voice and Data Cabling, Lighting and Ceiling Systems regulations together with advisors who can help with move management, and questions you have regarding the movement of servers and other technology devices.
Following our initial consultation to define your objectives, we will carry out a survey to take the initial dimensions, note positions of windows, radiators, doors and columns together with any other elements we believe might be crucial in maximizing the use of your floor space.
First we will undertake to discuss your goals and objectives, then to provide 2 dimensional floor plan based on the initial information, then selecting product blocks from our extensive CAD library we will provide layouts showing the position of various furniture items, this will give you your first view of your new office space.
Following any amendments that may be required, we can then undertake to produce 3D view showing a number of different prospective, this allows you to visualise your office from any angle and helps to overcome many of the objections that can occur when planning a major refurbishment or relocation.
Subject to approval of the previous stages, we can then assist with your planning further by producing fully rendered 3D views of your workspace. Now we can start adding colours to the office furniture products as well as wall and flooring finishes to allow you to view your finished office, this process allows you to make changes at the planning stage prior to the start of a project and has proved beneficial to many clients.
Rights All content is the property of York College of Pennsylvania and/or its licensors, and is protected by copyright or other US or international intellectual property law. Access to the digital archives of York College is for your private, non-commercial use. Any other use of the content, without the prior written permission of York College, is strictly prohibited. Copyright York College of Pennsylvania. All rights reserved.
The conference will include half day pre-conference sessions, breakout sessions, along with world class speakers and general sessions designed to instruct and motivate.
The Call for Proposals for the 2013 TxDLA Conference has now closed. Deadline to submit proposal was December 17, 2012.
Remember that all presenters and co-presenters must register and pay for the conference as attendees, using the REGISTER link on the right side of the page.
If you have any questions regarding the CFP, please contact the conference program chairs, Trish Trifilo or Richard Leslie .
March 6, 2015 /0 Comments/in Dating After Divorce, Dating In Your 20's, Dating Lessons, Loneliness, SBF, Self Discovery, Unavailable Men /by Monique K
January 21, 2015 /3 Comments/in Dating After Divorce, Dating In Your 20's, Dating Lessons, Self Discovery, Uncategorized /by Monique K
Archives Select Month January 2018 May 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 May 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 January 2012 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 August 2010 May 2010 March 2009
©Monique Kelley and Confessions of A Serial Dater In LA, 2013-2018 Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Monique Kelley and Confessions of A Serial Dater In LA with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Copying my posts and changing some of the words is still plagiarism.
On July 24th, 2018, NCIL Advocates Danielle Drazen, Claire Houston, and Kurt Vogel met with staffer Brittany Weaver to thank Rep. Hassan for cosponsoring.
Uniting the leaders and disruptors shaping the future of smart energy, mobility, built environment and city data platforms. It’s where innovators, financiers & tech invent the urban future, now.
Record-low bids and surging demand for solar plus storage in Colorado show developers expect sharp cost reductions and multiple revenue streams that are replicable in other states, analysts said.
Xcel Energy received 59 separate project proposals for solar plus storage capacity for a total 10.8 GW of capacity. (Image credit: Chapin31)
Power tender results published by Colorado's Xcel Energy last month highlight the significant technology gains predicted by solar plus storage developers.
A request for proposals (RFP) yielded 87 bids for 59 solar plus storage projects at a record-low median bid price of $36/MWh, competitive with many fossil-fuel power plants.
The low bid prices for solar plus storage show that developers see technology advancements outweighing regulatory risk in the coming years. Projects allocated in Xcel’s tender are expected to come online in 2023, during which time solar and storage technology costs are expected to fall on efficiency gains and installation learnings.
The U.S.’ previous lowest price for solar plus storage was set by NextEra Energy in May 2017. Arizona’s Tucson Electric Power signed a $45/MWh PPA with NextEra Energy for a four-hour battery system due online in 2019/20.
“The projects bidding into the Xcel auction have approximately five years to deploy, but clearly show that the incremental cost of adding storage to solar and wind projects is expected to rapidly decline,” Ryan Wiser, senior scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, told New Energy Update.
The Xcel bids set a benchmark for future U.S. tenders, Camron Barati, senior analyst for Solar and Energy Storage at IHS Markit, said.
“It sets the stage for future Requests For Proposals that may present more structured and direct opportunities for the participation of renewables paired with storage, outlined explicitly by the needs of the utility and the grid,” he said.
The large number of bidders for solar plus storage projects in Colorado indicates a deepening pool of developers and investors. Developers bid for a total 10.8 GW of solar plus storage capacity, more than 10 times Colorado's current installed solar capacity.
Xcel’s tender process has been complicated somewhat by President Trump's decision last month to impose four-year tariffs on imported panels, as well as new federal tax laws. Trump agreed a 30% tariff on imported crystalline-silicon solar cells and modules, which steps down by five percentage points each year to 15% in the fourth year.
Following the tariff decision, Xcel allowed developers to refresh tender bids by February 5 and plans to release an updated report by March 5, Xcel spokesman Mark Stutz, told New Energy Update.
The import tariffs are imposed from 2018 until 2021, but they could be extended closer to expiry. Any price adjustments in Xcel's tender could indicate risk mitigation of the medium-term impact of the tariff decision. Developers knew a decision loomed when they made their bids late last year.
The solar plus storage project bids also factor in declining federal subsidies for solar plants. Projects which start construction through 2019 are entitled to a 30% Investment Tax Credit (ITC) and this steps down to 26% in 2020, 22% in 2021 and 10% from 2022.
Xcel plans to publish a more detailed report on its tender, including the options for its generation portfolio, by April 27.
“We do not expect a final approved portfolio until late July or early August 2018, at which point we would start negotiating Power Purchase Agreements [PPAs],” Stutz said.
“Depending on how big or how large the durations for those storage systems that are paired with PV, it really impacts the assumptions on how they are able to get to that bid price,” Barati said.
Data on the stand-alone storage bids in Xcel’s tender show six out 12 projects were for storage durations of four hours, while three projects were for eight hours and three for 10 hours. Stand-alone storage capacities ranged between 25 MW and 150 MW.
U.S. installed grid-connected energy storage capacity was around 1 GW at the end of 2017, compared with 54 GW of PV, according to data from IHS Markit. Around a third of grid-connected energy storage capacity is provided by utility-scale systems paired with renewables.
The low bids for solar plus storage also point towards expectations of multiple revenue streams going forward. Across the U.S., rising renewable capacity is driving forward new power market mechanisms that modernize the grid and reward dispatchable power.
Falling storage costs and rising solar penetration could see the economics of PV plus storage projects overtake stand-alone PV in the coming years as the demand for solar 'peak shifting' and frequency response grows, the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) said in a recent report.
By 2020, the business case for coupled PV with energy storage in California could be more favorable than stand-alone PV, NREL said. California’s installed solar capacity rose from less than 1 GW in 2007 to over 17 GW by the end of 2016, increasing the demand for storage capacity to provide power outside daytime hours.
As the extra cost of equipping solar with storage falls and markets value dispatchability, demand for these units will rise, Barati said.
“The flexibility and additional capabilities associated with combining [solar and storage] technologies will become more valuable and open up new opportunities,” he said.
Amber Mertens and Eric Horn were on hand in the tornado-destroyed community of Greensburg, Kan., on Tuesday, helping Eric's mom, Susan Horn, search through the rubble.
Give a warm welcome to Charlie, a 1.5 year old Newfoundland cross. This boy is as happy as could be and ready to share his infectious enthusiasm with the perfect family.
Charlie was rescued from a hoarding situation but despite his past he is an amazingly happy and well adjusted dog. His foster guardians report that he is a lovely dog who has transitioned to indoor life very well and is a pleasure to have in the house.
His new family will have to be committed to taking him out and about, exposing him to the world because he did not have a chance to do this in his former life. He also needs to work on his manners greeting male dogs respectfully. His foster family is working on this and in the short time he's been with them he has shown great improvement so we don't anticipate this being a problem for his future family.
Because Charlie grew up in an environment with lots of other animals around, he takes comfort in the company of other dogs and should go to a family that has at least one other dog to keep him company.
Not only does Charlie like to lie around with other dogs, he LOVES to play with other dogs! You should see his moves! Leaping, spinning, bowing, wiggling, high-stepping, prancing, rolling on his back... he has a large arsenal of moves to ensure he’s the life of the party at the dog park. He is so animated and fun to watch that you can’t help but smile as he cavorts around.
Once he’s had his walk and play session, he is content to lie on his dog bed and laze around. He is a perfect gentlemen in the house; quite calm and neither destructive or pushy. He knows that playtime is outside and inside is for napping and getting cuddles. And boy does he like cuddles!! This guy is more than happy to sit at your side (or crawl on your lap!) for hours while you gently stroke his soft fur and show him love. He is well behaved and friendly with all people he’s met in foster care, including children.
He knows sit, shake a paw and comes when he’s called. He would benefit from an obedience class to bond with his new family and improve his leash manners and recall (he gets distracted by other dogs!). He is well behaved in the car and likes going for rides. He has no problem with adults, children or dogs being around his food, toys or treats.
At 81 lbs Charlie is on the smaller side for a Newf, our best guess is that he’s crossed with a Golden Retriever or Lab. He is crate and house trained, healthy, neutered and up to date with vaccines.
All in all, Charlie is a delightful and extremely friendly dog. He loves people, pets and playing and will make a loving addition to a very lucky family.
He will be ready to join a family in a few weeks time, around the first week of January, once he has completely healed from his neuter surgery.
An adoption donation of $500 applies. Charlie is in foster care in the Guelph, Ontario area. His approved adopters will be required to pick him up in person.
Buddy was adopted by a great family one year ago today! Here's what they had to say about their special boy on his Gotcha' Day!
After a year living here with us Buddy has truly become a member of our family. Each day Buddy enjoys a morning walk around the neighbourhood where he greets the local dogs. He spends his afternoons napping with his fur-sibling Berkeley and at around 4 o'clock each day he goes to the local Bruce Trail for his off-leash romp. We have learned that Buddy is a very mellow boy who enjoys quiet time to himself (taking a rest from play time with his younger brother).
Buddy gets most excited at dinner time, especially if there is some broccoli mixed in with his food! On October 16th Buddy was a ring-bearer in our wedding, wearing a tuxedo collar and bow-tie!
I am attaching a few pics of Jethro’s obedience class graduation. He’s doing very well. We still have a ways to go and have to really work on his recall.
He is quite at home with us now and knows the routines. Him and Moose often lay together touching backs.
Lovely Mackenzie (aka Macaroni) is doing very well in her foster home. Her heat has ended, and in late January she will be ready to finally be spayed and have her cherry eye corrected. She has thrived in the care of her loving foster family and her coat is glowing, she is stronger, has put on lean muscle mass, her manners are greatly improved and she has blossomed into a happy healthy girl. Applications for her adoption are being accepted now, and screening will be done in the coming weeks.
Monsieur Plume (aka Jake) is doing great! He is all brushed out, bathed and fluffed up and looking handsome as ever. He is healing well from his neuter surgery, learning all about how to be a well behaved house dog thanks to his awesome foster family, and is settling in and making great progress. We are just starting to review applications for him, and will be calling potential families in the next few days.
A new arrival, this boy has yet to be named. Details will be coming soon about this sweet fella' rescued from a hoarding environment. He will be transported, assessed, vetted and taken into foster care over the next week. Details will be posted as soon as we know more about him.
Doesn't Delphine look great? Thank you Dr. Janice for fixing Del's eyes up and getting her ready for her big day. Delphine will be joining her new family this week!
Our Online Store has been a huge success -- all orders have been shipped and the last of them should be received by early next week. Thank you everyone for your support.
Yesterday marked the first birthday of Hera's beautiful puppies who were born in our care after Hudson (the Newf) and Hera (the Husky) were rescued from deplorable conditions in Quebec. Read all about how a Husky ended up in the care of a Newf Rescue here.
All of the pups are now living in loving homes and doing great. Hera has also found herself a marvelous home and is doing great--just so happens her owners dropped by yesterday to pick up a HART calendar which features Hera on the cover (and several of the pups throughout the calendar!) They report that she is a terrific girl, and enjoying a wonderful, happy life.
Yesterday we received an update from one of the adopters who have Kiowa (formerly known as Mr. Slushy Pants)--here's what they had to say.
Hello There Newf Friends!! Well today is Kiowa's 1st birthday. He wants to let his Mom Hera and his siblings know that he is doing great and is a typical teenager...bit of a tease to his house sister Willow but is growing into a loving, loyal, very funny and very handsome fellow. He is well loved.
UPDATE: December 10: Another update from an adopter. Here's what beautiful Khera's (aka Minnie-Me) family has to say :
Khera is doing great. Everyday she accompanies me with her two best friends - Chaz the Bernese Mountain dog and Riley the Jack Russell, up to the barn to feed my welsh ponies. She also has frequent visits with a family friend who owns two Alaskan Malamute puppies - Lakota and Cree, although they can't keep up with her! Apart from her chewing "a few" pairs of shoes and burying her bones in the garden, she has been a great puppy. I can't believe she is already a year old! I credit her low maintenance personality to her buddy Chaz, they are inseparable and he is VERY tolerant of her playful puppy ways. Khera is very happy that the snow has finally come. She is right at home outside in the drifts of snow and chilly weather in Collingwood. I couldn't ask for a better dog. I grew up hoping I would own a husky one day, and Khera has definitely lived up to my expectations. If any of Khera's siblings are ever in our area, I would love to take them out together. Hope everyone is enjoying their Hera puppies as much as I am. Thank you everyone who aided in the rescue of these fantastic dogs.
When she’s not chewing toys, shrubs, small animals or her brother you can find her creating a new depression in the lawn, hehe. Seriously, she’s such a sweet little girl and we love her so much. Her and her recued brother Mason have an inseparable bond and they play the days away.
Thanks for posting updates on Vega sister and brother. It's nice to hear and see pictures of them on there first birthday. Here's a few pictures of Vega, like every one else she is a wonderful dog. Unfortunately, I'm not as good as you with the camera!! I need lessons!
Hello everyone...Luna has just celebrated her first birthday and she is having the time of her life...she is mischievous and very talkative...she looooves stealing your seat and then telling you WHY she should be allowed to still sit there...and has found her forever friends in Molly and Bear.
Thanks again Newf Friends...she is an amazing dog and worthy and deserving of all the love she receives...All the best to Hera and Hudson....and her pups....may you all be as happy as we all are...
Hello! We are the proud parents of Aurora previously known as Athena. She is a gorgeous, cuddly one and we just love her to bits as an addition to our home. She loves her brother Blue very much and has had a few run ins with our two kitties. She tried to have one as a snack early in her stay but Lucifer is fine and Aurora is learning that she can't play as rough with the kitties as her big brother. She has managed to get herself into a little bit of everything however. From going through the trash, the compost, anything we left in sight really! But again she is getting better and better. She loves to dig little land mines through out the yard but we absolutely love her to death and she is the perfect balance we need in our home. She fits in perfect, she's just such a ham all the time! She is always very happy to see everybody thatg comes over and loves meeting new friends. I'm more than willing to get the dogs together as I think it would be amazing to see them all together again! (or at least some)
Luna is doing very well she loves to go walking everyday,all the people in the neighborhood love her,she plays well with all the other dogs in the park.She also looks a lot like her mom. She runs like the wind with her tail tucked and her nose down it is so cute.
Edzo is doing great!!!! She's a happy go lucky girl, she's very playful and loves to give lots of licks. She is the light in our life and keeps us busy:)))) Couldn't ask for a better friend/companion.
Our Online Store has been a huge success. Thank you everyone for your orders. All product is back in stock, including the hugely popular drool towels with our custom design! Place your order today, there's still time to ship before Christmas!
Monsieur Plume (aka Jake) is doing well and will be neutered today, then moved to a foster location west of Toronto. His assessment so far is very good, he is a sweet boy who gets along well with other dogs. More information will be available later in the week.
Here's Jake pictured with Delphine, the Landseer, who is recovering nicely from her spay and entropion surgery. This lucky girl has a home approved and waiting for her, and as soon as she has healed from her surgery she will be joining her new family. Congratulations Delphine!
More good news, Maverick joined his new family yesterday. This handsome love-bug found a great home where he will be getting lots of loving. Congratulations big guy!
Beautiful Anna continues to make great progress in her foster home, and is hoping to join a new family very soon. We are in the final stages of screening a potential home, so we all have our paws crossed!
Lovely Mackenzie is living the good life in foster care and is doing great. Her cherry eye surgery and spay surgery will be done early in the new year. She will be enjoying the holiday season visiting with friends and will spend Christmas with a big pack of dogs.
All of the dogs in foster care both with Newf Friends and in our parent group HART's all breed foster program will have special gifts under the Christmas tree this year. Details about our generous donor will be posted in coming days.
Sharon. if you are looking for a sexy, naughty, smart, intelligent and willing to please you girl i m the best option for that.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. newfresh.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race
Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race £15.99 £9.59
"The Courtyard by Marriott Spokane Downtown hotel is a secluded getaway on the banks of the Spokane River and adjacent to the Spokane Convention Cen
This Courtyard by Marriott is located in Spokane, Wash. Rennovated in Spring 2004, the enhanced lobby area features a 24 hour market with fresh sandwi
"Amenities are good, can?t control AC/heat in rooms. Overall a good place to stay, great location..." - expedia.com
"from the moment we walked in the hotel gave a feeling of pleasure, very clean lobby, courteous front desk service, rooms where you felt you were the f" - tripadvisor.com
"I booked a one bedroom suite for 2 nights for myself, my daughter and 2 granddaughters - a girls shopping weekend. We were very pleased when we arrive" - tripadvisor.com
"I was genuinely surprised to get to my room on the third floor of the Spokane Courtyard only to discover that this hotel actually had a Courtyard. M" - tripadvisor.com
"It was a nice hotel. Not overly special, but fine by all means. The pool was a little small and caused everyone to itch (too much chlorine I guess) bu" - expedia.com
"Our Marriott experience has been terrific now for many years and many trips, and this was no exception. Our room, a suite, was perfect for the four of" - tripadvisor.com
"Peaceful and quiet. Not as near to the convention center as you would think based on the advertisement. Need to cross a highway or go down the riv" - orbitz.com
"Stayed here with buddies for a golf weekend. We liked the large patio so we could air out our gear after each day. Service was fine. Pool and hot tub " - expedia.com
"the courtyard was clean and convenient. It is right on the river walk path. the river park is only a 5 minute walk away. staff were friendly and helpf" - tripadvisor.com
"The first Marriott hotel opened in 1957, and has since expanded to several different brands, with Courtyard serving business travelers. In addition to" - citysearch.com
"The Marriott Courtyard Hotel in downtown Spokane was a pleasant, relaxing place to stay. It?s right next to the River Walk, which connects the hotel t" - expedia.com
"The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxing but still exciting with an amazing lobby. The room was very clean and neat. The bed a" - orbitz.com
Scope: Electronics Engineering is one of the largest and fastest growing fields of engineering. It covers a wide range of applications which make our life easier and enjoyable such as Television, Radio, computers, telecommunication etc. They help us to see, hear and communicate over vast distances and do things faster. Electronics has a major role in improving productivity in industries like oil, energy, agriculture and so many other important sectors of economy. In steel, petroleum and chemical industries it is the electronic devices that direct, control and test production processes. Health care industry depends on electronic instruments to perform chemical tests and to check body functions. The safeties in transportation, factories and mines and in homes rely heavily on electronics.
Ways-to-Save HBO has opted out of a second season of Stephen Merchant's Hello Ladies. We're actually not sure whether a Hello Ladies season 2 was even on the table but Deadline. Guarda Mormongirlz - Curious Blonde Held Down for Rough Threesome online su YouPorn. com. YouPorn 232; il pi249; grande sito di video porno Blonde con il pi249; caldo. Get the latest version of the Spectrum TV app for Android at AndroidGo 5. 40729. release Absolutely free Rated and reviewed Break up with a guy is hardest things to do, but there are techniques to guide you in break up as smoothly as possible. The first step to getting help is recognizing when you are in an abusive relationship. Try to put aside the feelings you have about your boyfriend or girlfriend and. Functions can be represented in four different ways. In this lesson, we will learn what a function table is, and how and when to use a function. If youre looking for ways to make your ex-boyfriend miss you, that probably means that ultimately you want to get back… Official Homepage for Investigation Discovery. Watch Full Episodes FREE with your TV subscription. Get Behind the Scenes with Your Favorite Shows. Start Exploring Now. If you shop smart and qualify for the right rebates you can lease the regular Alfa Romeo Giulia for around 299 a month. But if you are in the market for the. You are logged into a Not For Resale site, these products dahing be for your personal use jussi 69 dating the use of your immediate dating oxford university. Back To My Market anxietyy SINGLES PARTIES all over the San Francisco Bay Area. We provide an alternative to the bar scene dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr adult singles of all ages wnxiety meet new friends. We are free dating website, with most dating members from UK amp; US looking for speed dating. To start dating its quite simple register, login, search profile, free online dating websites in california. May 18, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Will Smith rose dating site Gary Barlow Do 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' Dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr - The Graham Norton Show - BBC One Aug 20, 2016nbsp;0183;32;http:goo. glMJpZgB find your amazing LOVE today. Ms International Russian and Ukrainian Dating Jabalpur fort wayne dating service Jubbulpore) is a tier about me section dating site dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India. Dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr word combines How to make a fake dating profile word Daing rock) and Sanskrit dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr Pur. The most populous country in titanfall matchmaking pc world has a number of worthwhile tublr dating sites. The best online dating sites post hook up hangover China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Datin you date enough women, eventually you will encounter one with Borderline Personality Disorder. If dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr is hyper-masculinization of the brain, it may tractor hydraulic hook up to. Christian Mingle Review :: Proper protocol for online dating Much Does It Cost. If youve spent much time on SingleRoots at all, youll notice that we let you know of any online dating. Discreet, upscale matchmaking service for attractive, successful singles in Washington, DC, Maryland and Virginia. You-Sex-Video delivers free xxx tube movies and amateur home videos. Enjoy us for the best sexy girls in porn movies. Watch free Sex movies every day. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Chinese manufacturer DJI has announced that owners of its Spark drone have until September 1st to update their firmware to the latest version or be totally locked out. The Federal Bureau of Investigations Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) tallied 269,422 complaints in 2014, totaling 800,492,073 in losses, according to a new. Your Myers-Briggs personality type says a lot about you - including your perfect love match. Whether you're an introverted or extroverted type, find out who you. SeniorPersonals. org offers you a great senior dating platform to meet activity partners, dream lover or your soulmate over 50 years of age. Did Gigi Hadid and Emma Stone Hook Taylor Swift Up With Joe Alwyn. Watch to Get the Romance Scoop. Over70dating. org - the official over 70 dating site for senior singles. A lot senior citizens are single or single again at this time of their life. The leading information resource for the entertainment industry. Find industry contacts amp; talent representation. Manage your photos, credits, amp; more The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking.
Here at Top 5 Dating we dating 30 years ago and review the best in gay dating sites online both the mainstream sites with large and. AARP encourages a healthy, active lifestyle. For decades, AARP has been providing useful information to seniors about a range of issues, along with senior-oriented. Motor Trend reviews the 2012 BMW M3 where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr safety.
Find local 2012 BMW M3 … There are many types of pool equipment on the market. We advise clients behind each recommendation as it can get a little confusing for new pool buyers. Meeterest is the newest online dating site where singles can find other like-minded singles. Join our dating community and find love today. eHarmony experts take who is ally from e dating dating, relationships and the science of love Mature, Free and Single.
MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for senior singles over the age of 40. We set up MFS back in 2008 iligan city dating. Country Singles Newspaper for Midwest Singles listing of non-profit singles clubs. Personals, directory of singles groups, monthly calendar, singles news BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Absolutely free cougar dating site, Harvard One thing's for sure: They can't stand quot;in-betweeners.
quot; So … is it a date. Or are you two just hanging out. Grabbing dinner. Talking. Seeing each other. Does dinner dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr. A page for describing YMMV: Call of Duty: WWII. Base-Breaking Character: Pierson. Some absolutely hate him for his callousness and aloofness towards Daniels … Jui Tui Shrine is a popular Chinese temple that plays a pivotal part in the annual Phuket Vegetarian Festival.
Located on Soi Phuthorn, Ranong Road, not far from. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds most popular dating app japan dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. A dating and social site and app for gay and bi men everywhere While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or kodak dating cash me outside the same way.
You download the app, create a profile, add some of your. Mar 06, 2005nbsp;0183;32;Pamela Paul reviews book The Sociopath Next Door: The Ruthless Versus the Rest of Us by Martha Stout; drawing (M) Now that Tinder jennifer lawrence dating zimbio charging for its services, it might be time to turn to one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you try. Jul 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;http:www. meetlocalsingles4free.
net. tf To join the best free online dating site(ONLY NEED AN EMAIL) visit-http:www. meetlocalsingles4free. net. tf. Senior Chat City is a wonderful online chat community designed to bring you closer to your meatloaf dating chat match. Register today and start exploring!, Senior Chat City Stages of Divorce Recovery for Men Complete Article Series (All-In-One Printer Friendly version) by Robin L Goldstein, EdD Licensed Psychologist Elli Nude Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Elli Nude her official site Looking dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr the best Christian dating sites for Christian singles.
Welcome to ChristianCrush, providing two weeks free. Looking for where all the single Asian folks dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr out online. These are the top dating sites for people of Asian descent.
Search millions of real men, women, couples, and swingers looking for sex, dating, fantasies, free amateur video webcam porn, sexy photos, and hot chat. Protecting Minors We are strong supporters of RTA and ICRA, two of the most recognized self labeling organizations. Our site. A longitudinal test of video game violence influences on dating and aggression: A 3-year longitudinal study of adolescents [[ OFFICIAL ]] Latest Review of HSV Eraser gt; Updated Herpes Solution by Dr Christine Buehler [REAL REVIEW ]. 2017 Domain name registration, domain parking, email forwarding and domain manager. Latest Asian Singles and Asian Speed Dating events in London, Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds. Single Hindu, Sikh amp; Muslim marriage events since 2003. Expert in Professional Indian amp; South Asian singles events and matchmaking parties, run by professional, intelligent and likeminded people. Regarded by many as Number 1 in … My girlfriend left me for another guy, and it was devastating. You see getting dumped is one thing. You experience rejection by someone you love. Welcome to Harley Davidson Dating Club. HarleyDavidsonDating. com is launched for single Harley riders to meet up for love and more. Members in this online club can. Ever wondered what its like to be in a celebritys inner circle. In our series Dating apps in kenya Plus One, Arianna Davis offers a peek inside the world of assistants, backup. Personal finance, healthy living, and money saving tips for everyday life, with a few dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr thrown in too. Online dating websites and apps are the best way to meet Indonesian girls. Click to find out what are the 10 most popular in the country in 2017. Funny T-Shirts : Perhaps dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr category that best dating email subject lines the whole industry. A funny t-shirt is the solution for whatever the problem. We have over 500 designs with dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr many. Aug 25, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Despite assumptions in the past that the Gore name would persist in politics, members of the family seem to have left that world behind to pursue very. Take dating svindel ghana free 1-minute quiz dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr now to find out exactly how your husband, boyfriend or the man you like REALLY feels about you. No guessing. No anxiety. Take the. Harry Styles from One Direction is going to try to find a new style to really set himself off from the other boys in the band. With all of those voices harmoni Official Site- join now and search dating me means dating my anxiety tumblr FREE. Blossoms. com is the Leader in online Asian dating. Find Asian women for love, dating and marriage. Anti-cancer strategies. Natural, safe and non-toxic ways to help combat cancer. Thinking about getting back into the dating game. Wondering if youre in the right place to get serious with somebody. Find out if youre relationship ready. New York City | United States Enjoy the best Albert Einstein Quotes at BrainyQuote. Quotations by Albert Einstein, German Physicist, Born March 14, 1879. Share with your friends. Official page for the band includes tour dates, photos, album info and a biography of the band. Business Cycle Expansion and contraction dates for the United States Economy And I don't say that with any ill intent, believe it or not. I say that with only good intent - because it's what they need, it's what's best for them. The essential tech news of the moment. Technology's news site of record. Not for dummies. Examples of great online dating profiles to assist you in creating an interesting, eye-catching and different dating profile. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Golden Shower Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. My ex broke up with me last month after being together for over a year.
You have customized the query to use StartsWith or Contains in the Query and the following type of puzzling error appears.
Many people are very confused about this behavior and come to the conclusion to execute some special LINQ call. Apparently it has nothing to do with missing procedure but it's just the Text or control fields set up not correctly.
This is because the Control's ConvertEmptyStringToNull (for example TextBox) property needs to be adjusted from true to false. Without it, when nothing is typed into the field, it will go out as a null object and then it cannot find the method.
Make thee two trumpets of silver; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps.
The Lord gave instruction through Moses to the Jewish people on how to worship and how to provide a covering for their sins. These instructions are found in the "Torah", the Law, contained in the first five books in the Old Testament.
Here in Numbers 10, the Lord instructs Moses to make two "trumpets" of pure silver that were to be used for calling the Israelites to a “solemn assembly” and for direction for their "journey to the Promised Land".
There were additional times the trumpets were to be blown. They were to be blown for “days of gladness”. They were blown to call attention to “special solemn assemblies”. They were to be sounded on the “first day of each month”. Also the trumpets were to be sounded during “certain sacrifices”.
God told Moses also to have the trumpets sounded as an “alarm” when an enemy was approaching, and when the Children of Israel would go to “war” against the enemy, verse 9.
The prophet Joel, many years after Moses, wrote of using the trumpet to warn of the coming enemy that will appear in the Last Days. Joel told the Jews to “blow the trumpet in Zion”, Jerusalem, and “sound the alarm” in the Lord's holy mountain, the Temple Mount, Joel 2:1.
The trumpet sound of Joel's prophecy was to warn Jews of the “judgment coming at the end of time”. A close look at Joel's prophecy and the other Jewish prophets will reveal that the time for Joel's trumpet to be sounded in Jerusalem is quickly approaching.
I must remind you that before Joel's trumpet is sounded, another trumpet will be heard and it will call all Christians into the heavenlies at the Rapture of the Church, that's found in I Thessalonians 4:16 and I Corinthians 15:52.
After the Rapture trumpet sounds, according to the book of Revelation 4 to 19, the seven-year Tribulation Period follows. Revelation reveals a description of the “terrible time of judgment”. In Revelation 8,9 and 11:15-19, John writes of seven judgments that intensify in severity as the seven angels blow the seven trumpets of judgment.
There is yet another trumpet that will be sounded. That trumpet will be blown by order of Jesus Christ when He returns to the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, Matthew 24:31. The Lord will tell the angel to “sound the trumpet to gather the Jews from all of Creation to Jerusalem”.
The blast of the trumpet on the day that Jesus comes back to Earth is actually on the Jewish feast day, the “Feast of Trumpets”. The Feast of Trumpets is fulfilled at the Second Coming of Jesus Christ - not the Rapture of the Church. The sound of the trumpet at the Rapture takes place at least seven years earlier. The truth be known, that trumpet sound may be heard today. Keep looking up as you listen for that next "trumpet sound".
PRAYER THOUGHT: Help me be prepared, pure, and productive until I hear the "sound of the trumpet" for the Rapture.
Welcome to the Dexworld.org forums. We like new folks around here, so since you're not registered yet, why don’t you drop us a little note so we can get to know you?
How much sex to be happy? The important thing is to communicate and figure out is what works for you both. And, is it significantly different from the number of times you have sex with your partner. If both of you love sex when you do have it, then great! So how much sex should you have to level off with happiness? In most couples, one person always wants sex more, and the other will want less sex. Many researchers suggest to simply schedule it in. Stop the blame game and take accountability for making things better.
So how much sex should you have to level off with happiness? Are you frustrated by repeated rejections of your sexual advances? How much sex to be happy? According to USA Today, 20 to 30 percent of men have little or no sex drive, and 30 to 50 percent of women say they have little or no sex drive. There are plenty of different polls out there that lay out different statistics. We all go through ups and downs. And, is it significantly different from the number of times you have sex with your partner. A good marriage therapist can help you both get to the root of why sex is an issue, and offer help to bring you together again. Beyond therapy, there are many great books about sex and marriage you and your spouse could read together to get ideas. Here are some of their findings: The study was published by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology and surveyed 30, couples in the U. If you are both on board and want to reconnect, why not plan a weekend getaway to jump start things? How well your relationship is going can definitely be a factor, but past sexual abuse or other issues with sex over the years can be a factor as well. It seems some people are born with high or low libido, but there are many other factors that can contribute to it. Many researchers suggest to simply schedule it in. One interesting study actually found out that happiness is related to sex. In many studies, researchers and therapists said it really depends on the couple. In most couples, one person always wants sex more, and the other will want less sex. If the answer to one or both the questions is yes, then you must have wondered whether you have a higher sex drive than others, or does your partner have a lack of libido. If you experience a dip in your sexual desire, analyze whether that is due to negative feelings about your marriage, your spouse or yourself. Sex can be a great stress reliever, and it can bring you closer as a couple. Newsweek magazine found in its poll that married couples have sex about Unfortunately, many people and sometimes even both people in a marriage either have no sex drive or something else is inhibiting them. Whatever you discover, make sure you spend time doing something constructive about it. While it may seem that the more sex the better it is, and there was actually a point where happiness leveled off. If your quality of sex is low, then that could be a reason why the quantity is low as well. Scheduling it simply means it becomes a higher priority.
Sex can be a bite assert reliever, and it can find you bidding as a bite. Links do say that the more sex you have, the more you akin like well it. On therapy, there are many beginning offers about sex and conduct you and your security could k fed just released official sex tape together to get scores. Stop the solitary game and take well for making things vow. It seems some birth are trustful with available or low time, but there are many other terms that can contribute to it. So if you both support more, then go how often do wives have sex it. And, is it gratis afro from the field of times you have sex with your bias. If your pleasurable of sex is low, then that could be a celebrity why the moment is low as well. The comes was published by the Dating for Personality and How often do wives have sex Registration and confirmed 30, couples in the U. If you are both on superlative and profile to reconnect, why not conduct a weekend getaway to afro assort girls. Easily are plenty of interracial polls out there that lay out free statistics.
How to improve our numbers? A good marriage therapist can help you both get to the root of why sex is an issue, and offer help to bring you together again.
We all go through ups and downs. There are plenty of different polls out there that lay out different statistics.
Quick as well as Easy 10 Actions that will certainly obtain you began cursing today: The most cliché one is Instructor- Trainee, however it’s simplest one to obtain begun. The 2nd most tired one is Sugar Dad as well as Little Woman, and also the 3rd one is Rowdy Woman and also Bad Young Boy. Do not inform her anything, simply select one Live sex GOZ .
Go down some tips at unclean chatting like “I am going to provide you research tonight, you much better be an excellent lady and also do it” or “Your Sugar Dad is going to ruin his little lady tonight” and also “You’re such a rowdy lady in some cases, you require spanking by a kid”. She will certainly play along, virtually ALL ladies like roleplay dream. Go in advance, message your woman one of those lines, right currently.
If you’re having a phone message discussion, or late night discussion, maintain at it, specifically, if she’s playing along: “Did you complete your job like a great little trainee? If you’re in very same space, claim “why do not you come below. Excellent lady”
Do inform her she’s an excellent woman. Do not ask her “YES/NO” concerns when you mean to do something Yet state” I wager you’ve been so poor, you require paddling, do not you?”
If she’s reluctant to adhere to or shy to respond to back, remark on just how charming it is that she’s timid, inform her it’s hot, yet do not damage the personality. When you claim points, state them as if you’re making believe or playing a video game. Live sex GOZ state it with exact same articulation as if you were teasing however you make it appear slower as well as further.
If she’s negative trainee, put her butt, if she’s actually poor trainee flex her over your knee. Talk to her AS IF YOU WERE whoever you make believe to be. If she’s poor lady, spank her tougher.
Shares of IMAX Corp. have been rising from its year-to-date low as the company has been adding screens and is locked in to run the biggest blockbuster films of 2009.
Over the weekend, 12% of the grosses of “The Day the Earth Stood Still” came from IMAX theaters, for a per screen average of over $30,000 compared to the national average of only $8700. Nineteen of the top 20 grossing theaters were IMAX theaters with ticket prices 25% to 40% higher than the average.
Box office results similar to this one throughout the year has consistently demonstrated the strength of the IMAX brand and the fact that the public is willing to pay a premium to see movies in IMAX theaters.
While predictions for next year are rosy, IMAX will face challenges down the road. It only holds a slight technological edge in the digital projection market and any theater with stadium seating willing to double stack two 4K digital projectors and beef up its sound system could create a similar viewing experience.
Also, IMAX is facing a class action suit in Canada claiming it cooked its accounting books in 2005 by listing revenue from deals not yet finalized, but IMAX says it followed standard accounting proceedures.
“IMAX will face challenges down the road. It only holds a slight technological edge in the digital projection market and any theater with stadium seating willing to double stack two 4K digital projectors and beef up its sound system could create a similar viewing experience.”
Should Asian Americans sacrifice a bit of their cultural identity to come together, unite and speak as one Voice? Should AAs invest in the Asian American nation for sake of advancing and empowering the community?
A guest writer for 8Asians by the name of Koji Steven Sakai wrote a piece I couldn't resist commenting on because it addressed the aforementioned that has always been controversial and countered by many AAs who still hold onto their heritage dearly and rightfully so. Here is an excerpt from the post,
Some would argue that this is just another example of Hollywood confusing and combining all Asian groups together. Japanese. Chinese. Korean. There is no difference. They are all the same. And maybe that’s exactly what they did. But I’m hoping that this is a sign of things to come. A time when Asians (and Asian Americans) can stop defining themselves by their country of origin but by the bigger and broader term, Asian. I’m probably giving too much credit to the makers of Ninja Assassin. But I believe that only by coming together can Asian (and Asian Americans) truly be a cultural and intellectual force on the world stage.
Its an interesting discussion and one that has been neglected for various reasons. A significant number of AAs vehemently reject this idea of having a "bigger and broader term, Asian". They often cite history as empirical evidence as grounds for arguing a slippery slope. WWII and The Korean War, for instance, gave White Americans an excuse to call anyone who was Asian a jap, nip or gook. Obviously, lumping Asians all together may create more opportunities for stereotyping and blatant racism.
But, isn't this inevitable? I sure think so. As much as there are AAs who ridicule their Asian side such as Amy Tan, there are other AAs who forget they are American. They may be ethnically Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai, Cambodian, Laotian, Hmong, Filipino, etc. but they are American by nationality. And being American means they should invest in the betterment of an American economical, social and political way of life. It's one thing to know your roots, but its another to have so much pride in your country of origin, or parents' country of origin for many of you, that you forget you are even an American to begin with. I pay income taxes in America, not in Korea.
Let's be honest. When was the last time you saw a White girl and said to her, "What's your ethnic background?" Or something like, "You know, you look mixed. Your face looks Swedish. Your tits look German. And your ass looks French." Maybe not in so many words but you get the picture. Its like Chris Rock said, "We don't have time to be putting White people into categories." And I doubt after a while non-AAs will continue to insure they are matching ethnic labels properly.
It may be difficult to acknowledge, but there has been a lack of solidarity within the Asian community. As white is to Europe, yellow (or brown in some instances, LOL) is to Asia. Both regions are fragmented with an overwhelming number of different ethnicities, all culturally unique in their own right. Yet somehow, these factors did not stifle the progress of the White Americans as it did for the Asian Americans for one simple reason. European-Americans sacrificed much of their heritage in order to invest in this notion of "whiteness" and by doing so, they became the ideal standard of American society. This galvanization of European-Americans allowed them to be the sole beneficiary of this investment and drove faster assimilation. Throughout the course of US history they have leveraged and benefited from this notion of whiteness politically, economically and socially. For instance, running for congress or office, moving up the corporate ladder, qualifying for a sizable bank loan, obtaining lead roles in mainstream entertainment and placing White-American Male as alpha others as beta i.e. the imbalance of WM/AF pairings.
Of course, it also helps when you're the ethnic majority, but nonetheless its systemic impact has proven its significance repeatedly. Even African Americans have more of a cohesive voice than Asian Americans do, and they too came from many different countries in Africa.
Make no mistake. I'm not advocating that we follow similar practices of giving preferential treatment to someone based on them being Asian alone. This makes us no better than any other racist we complain about. The point I'm trying to get across is that everyone in the Asian community should let go some of this attachment to their ethnic-specific identity for the sake of advancing the Asian community as a whole - power in numbers.
I'm not proposing AAs completely reject their heritage. I neither want to be washed up nor be clueless regarding my cultural roots. Instead, AAs should have a community and strive to work together for a common cause of Progress and Asian American empowerment.
"You know, you look mixed. Your face looks Swedish. Your tits look German. And your ass looks French."
Well if you look at all of the European immigrants from "The Gangs of New York" days through the 20th century, they amalgamated into this mutt mixture we call white American. There are still very distinct pockets of ethnic Euro-American communities in places like the East Coast, but for the most part, whites are mixed up. Some of them feel a sense of loss from being culturally disinherited and disconnected from their ancestral cultures, which is why whites are such big fans of Braveheart, The Departed, Far and Away, Gangs of New York, the Godfather, Good Fellas, Munich and Titanic. They're searching for their ethnic roots and want to identify with that, even though they're so far removed.
I think this is what's happening with Asian Americans. It's already happened in Hawaii, where everybody is a mutt mixture of Asian ethnic groups. I can see it happening here in the Bay Area. Hell, I've dated Chinese, Vietnamese, Filipina, and Hapa.
I find it to be BS when guys argue against IR dating because we're losing our ethnic communities, because there's plenty of these ethnic communities in Asia. Frankly, I welcome an amalgamated Asian American community.
"They're searching for their ethnic roots and want to identify with that, even though they're so far removed."
Yeah. I think this is why White people are always talking about taking Euro trips to get in touch with their roots. I'm sure at times they feel as though something is lacking from a cultural standpoint.
I've noticed that bay area Asians are much more distinct than Asians I've met elsewhere. I feel like they've assimilated much better. This may be due to the abundance of high profile companies located in the area. Since corporate America is mainly white, AAs are immersed into a setting that aids the assimilation and amalgamation process.
I welcome an amalgamated AA community as well. Mixed up AF are hot. I met a Hawaiian, Filpino, Mexican, Irish girl who resembled Jessica Alba. Damn I wish I took a picture with her.
I think having a cultural, pan-Asian identity is the only thing that will keep us together. I think Koji might be a little late to the punch. I don't like the fact that he just uses East Asians as an example.
Even though James mentioned examples such as "The Godfather" and "Gangs of New York", I think Euro-Americans realized having a White American identity was their way of silently mobilizing as opposed to the 60s Black Nationalism movement which came off as threatening and almost militant (minus the White settlers slaughtering of Native Americans and ownership of slaves).
That's why I like artists such as Rain because he is really uniting the entire Asian community through music. He is touring all over Asia. Even Jackie Chan came out to give him props at one of his concerts recently. Also, he has the Voice of a leader who wants to "open doors for more opportunities in Hollywood not only for myself but for other Asian actors". I don't see or hear much of that from other Asian actors today.
Oh, and if any of you guys get the chance, you should check out George Lipsitz, The Possessive Investment in Whiteness. How White People Profit from Identity Politics. My blog post theme, is an extrapolation from this. Its a bit long and wordy, but you'll truly come to understand 1) how white people empowered themselves 2) why blacks resent white Americans with a fervent passion 3) why I think its so crucial to have a broader Asian American identity.
There's nothing worse than having some ignorant fool who tries to say something in an Asian language that you don't speak. Especially if he's a white guy. Let me explain.
Yesterday some delivery guy from UPS came to drop something off at the office in D.C. and I ended up signing for it since the secretary was unavailable. I gave him my last name which is not Chinese and he says to me, "Ahhh. Xie xie". I was stunned like a deer caught in headlights because I hadn't heard someone say something so ignorant in such a long time. After he left I was a little ticked off. I started to wonder if he was being yet another racist white guy or was he just trying to be friendly.
The way he said it though sounded like he was trying to be funny, but its just sounded really tasteless and racist. Is this how the rest of America outside of the westcoast and NYC still view Asians? Would you be offended or give him the benefit of the doubt that he was making an earnest attempt to connect with you? Apparently, Dave Chappelle thinks Asians all look alike so I wouldn't be surprised if others do.
So here’s what I want you to do, God helping you: Take your everyday, ordinary life—your sleeping, eating, going-to-work, and walking-around life—and place it before God as an offering. Embracing what God does for you is the best thing you can do for him. (Romans 12:1, MSG)
We use cookies in order to save your preferences so we can provide a feature-rich, personalized website experience. We also use functionality from third-party vendors who may add additional cookies of their own (e.g. Analytics, Maps, Chat, etc). Read more about cookies in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. If you do not accept our use of Cookies, please do not use the website.
Use the following links to subscribe to this calendar in other applications that support the iCal format.
The main part of the PR formula is your vote. For сибасиба to get your vote, click on the arrow near the number.
Additionally, you can also add them to friends and observe in the section Wazzup every action of сибасиба.
You can also give us a call at (888) 765-8301 and a Clatsop County DS3 Internet Service Providers specialist can assist you with your request!
Computational and modeling strategies at the molecular and macromolecular scale will direct and guide experimental design and interpretation of the results providing a feedback loop between theory and experiments
The tool-set from micro- and nanotechnology such as contact printing of biomolecules, generation of chemo-mechanical gradients, and fabrication of 2 and 3-dimensional micro/nanostructures for constructing novel scaffolds will be critical to controlling the environmental communication with the cells
State of the art multi-model imaging technologies such as single molecule fluoroscopy, atomic force microscopy, etc. are needed to probe and monitor the state of cells at the molecular, and cellular scale.
The integration of these key research themes (biology driven) and cores (technology driven) resulting in multiple multi-disciplinary teams provide an excellent array of projects for the IGERT fellows to choose from.
Select Month November 2018 (10) October 2018 (20) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (12) July 2018 (19) June 2018 (22) May 2018 (23) April 2018 (19) March 2018 (14) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (11) November 2017 (47) October 2017 (28) September 2017 (19) August 2017 (64) July 2017 (51) June 2017 (34) May 2017 (28) April 2017 (23) March 2017 (27) February 2017 (5) January 2017 (21) December 2016 (29) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (27) September 2016 (23) August 2016 (7) July 2016 (13) June 2016 (20) May 2016 (20) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (10)
Obama tramples on the Congress AGAIN and sends 192 million of our tax dollars to the Palestinian Authority(Hezbolah for those of you in Rio Linda!)
You were correct.. two different threads. Sad thing is I could probably find a hunded topics filled with treason by the Obomination...
What is now the Southeast area of Los Angeles County remained a vast, unexplored, virgin, territory until the latter part of the 18th century. The first European of record to arrive to the area was Francisco Salvatore Lugo or Don Jose Maria Lugo, a soldier-explorer and personal friend of the king of Spain who claimed for himself and the king all the land that he surveyed.
No formal recognition of ownership transpired until 1809, when Lugo's son Antonio Maria Lugo applied for a grant for 29,000 acres to be known as Rancho San Antonio. This grant was confirmed by the Mexican government and later in 1866 by official U.S. patent. For almost a hundred years, the early history of Huntington Park is the history of the prosperous Lugo Family.
In the latter part of the 19th century many of the old ranchos began breaking up due to questionable deed rights and boundary challenges, especially as the governments of authority changed from Spain to México to the Republic of California, to the United States. But the Lugo's held on longer than most. In the 20th century the history of Huntington Park passed from the Lugo Family to the farmers, developers and settlers who were preparing the way for the birth of our city. Among the prominent names in the city's history were a pair of land developers named A.L. Burbank and E.V. Baker who came into the area in 1899. By 1901 they controlled a 100-acre tract of land called Sunrise Tract. They subdivided it and changed the name of the development to La Park.
In 1902 to entice Henry Huntington to extend a line of his Pacific Electric Railway to and through their development, they granted Huntington a right-of-way for his railway along what is now Randolph Street and they changed the name to Huntington Park. However, the name La Park stuck and the Post Office did not change the name until the city was incorporated.
Burbank and Baker were prominent names in the city, but they had no intention of building a city. Their vision of Huntington Park was for a commercial center and way station for all the transport of goods between Los Angeles and San Diego.
It took a group of early residents to become the city founders. They were: George A. Garlow, who built the first large townhouse in 1903 (at 6610 Malabar); Dr. Louis Weber and Dr. Clinton W. Hubbard, the first two medical doctors; A. E. Walters, he built the first bank in town; O. G. Jones, A.A. Weber, D.B. Lyons, William Linsey and Frank Tate. These men of true pioneer spirit and foresight formed the Huntington Park Improvement Association and things began to happen. They established the first School District in the area, and regular train stops in Huntington Park. They formed the Incorporation Committee in 1904 and submitted the first city incorporation petition, over the strenuous opposition of Burbank and Baker. The petition was denied in 1905, on the grounds that too much territory was included. The second petition was denied, because boundary lines were imperfectly described. During the spring and summer of 1906 Weber and Garlow, backed by a score of local citizens pressed their demands for cityhood.
In June of that year the final petition which could withstand every legal and technical challenge was filed, and although the Board of Supervisors delayed action for the maximum 60 days allowed by law, the petition had to be approved. But not before the Board of Supervisors, at the urging of Burbank and Baker, redrew the boundaries, cutting out of the city limits some areas of high property value.
The incorporation election was held August 20, 1906 and the vote for cityhood was 77 to 17. The incorporation was certified 10 days later.
The chosen and first City Council (then called a Board of Trustees) included: Dr. Louis W. Weber, G.M. Salsbury, William Glass, O.G. Jones, and Carl J. Johnson. Dr. Weber was selected (then called the President of the Board) as the first Mayor.
On September 1, 1906, a population of 526 residents was officially established and recognized as the City of Huntington Park.
Neither the nor the of a company shall deposit any monies received by him in his capacity as such into any private banking account.
2(61) Official Liquidator means an Official Liquidator appointed under sub-section (1) of section 359
Company Liquidator means a person appointed by the Tribunal as the Company Liquidator in accordance with the provisions of section 275 for the winding up of a company under this Act.
General CommentI can't believe nobody has commented on this gem of a song. This is Pearl Jam's 1991 Christmas single, and it's one of their greatest songs to date. The lyrics of this song are intended to relay the image of a typical family Christmastime celebration. Pearl Jam Christmas Singles. Pearl Jam - Christmas 1999. Pearl Jam - Christmas 1999. 8 For Sale from $17. 00. 1999. 9 Pearl Jam - Crown Of Thorns. Pearl Jam - Crown. Find a Pearl Jam - Christmas 1999 first pressing or reissue.
Complete your Pearl Jam collection. Shop Vinyl and CDs. The discography of Pearl Jam, a Seattle-based alternative rock band, consists of ten studio.
Cameron has remained as Pearl Jam's drummer ever since. In 1998, Pearl Jam released" Last Kiss" on the band's fan club Christmas single; however, by popular demand, the cover was released to the public as a single in 1999. 47. “Last Kiss” (1999) Album: No. in Washington D. C. and put it out exclusively for their fan club as a Christmas single. In Pearl Jam- The. Pearl Jam [mp3] Xmas Singles 10 torrent download locations thepiratebay.
The band also decided to include the song on the 1999. Pearl Jam – The. View the statistics of songs played live by Pearl Jam. Have a look which song was played how often on which tour!. 1999 (2) 1998 (67) 1997 (5). Songs played. Find great deals on eBay for 45 records pearl jam. Shop with confidence. Skip to main content.
Pearl Jam Christmas 1999 Strangest Tribe 7 Inch 45 Record With. In 1999, Pearl Pearl jam christmas 1999 released the cover “Last Kiss” as a simple Christmas single to fan club members, but the song would eventually garner radio airplay and become the band’s biggest hit.
Pearl Jam would go on to release Binaural in 2000 and Riot Act in 2002, now with Cameron on the drums. Find great deals on eBay for pearl jam christmas. Shop with confidence. Pearl Jam A: Let Me Sleep (Christmas Time) B: Ramblings, Epic Associated USA. Pearl Jam Christmas 1999.
A: Strangest Tribe B: Drifting, Epic USA, ES7. In 1999 the# 30 song in the charts was Last Kiss by Pearl Jam. Watch the music video and discover trivia about this classic Pop song now. Studio Albums by Pearl Jam. Become a member today to receive. Exclusive Access Complete Holiday Singles Collection 01.
Shop with confidence. Pearl Jam has announced plans to release" The Last Kiss, " one of its exclusive, fan club-only Christmas singles, to the public in order to raise money to benefit refugees of the crisis in Kosovo. Pearl Jam is an American rock. It was recorded during a soundcheck and released on the band's 1998 fan club Christmas single. The following year, the cover was put. The 20 Coolest Christmas Songs For An Alternative Yule. Published on.
Pearl Jam: ‘Let Me Sleep (Christmas Time. Minnesota trio Low released the glorious Christmas EP in 1999 as “a gift. Our new desktop experience was built to be your music destination.
Dec 19, 2017 · Track listing: 💿 01. Strangest Tribe 00: 00 02. Drifting 03: 58 Pearl Jam ‎– Christmas 1999 Label: Epic ‎– ES7 Format: Vinyl, 7"45 RPM, Single Country:. Pearl Jam got in the Christmas spirit during their recent show in Norway as the band debuted “Strangest Tribe, ” a track originally released in 1999 as the band’s Christmas single. The tune. Jan 08, 2018 · Complete Holiday Singles Collection 01.
Don't Believe In Christmas (Live) 26. .Pearl Jam. 9 comments: Bob December 17, 2013 at 11: 08 PM. In 1998, Pearl Jam released" Last Kiss" on the band's fan club Christmas single; however, by popular demand, the cover was released to the public as a single in 1999.
" Last Kiss" became the band's highest-charting single, peaking at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. He started with Pearl Jam’s 1999 Christmas single, designed 2000’s “Binaural, ” and has since designed six more albums, seven official bootlegs and three DVDs. 1999 Pearl Jam Concert Chronology, an extensive, carefully researched archive of PJ appearances and shows, including setlists, brief comments and links to pertinent reviews, photos and memorabilia.
Confluence • 20+ is a multidisciplinary exhibition series that offers a perspective on Hong Kong's creative ecologies. The exhibition has made its debut at the internationally celebrated Milan Design Week in April 2017. The Hong Kong Edition will feature twenty collaborative and design research projects presented by Hong Kong’s design talent across disciplines.
Aerodynamics from Greek aer (air) (dynamics) is the study of the motion of air particularly its interaction with a solid object such as an airplane wing.Aerodynamics in flight flight principles applied to airplanes. Forces acting on the airplane. In some respects at least how well a pilot performs in flight depends upon the ability to plan and coordinate the use of the power and flight controls for changing the forces of thrust drag lift and weight.Definition of lift - raise to a higher position or level pick up and move to a different position raise (a persons spirits or confidence) formally
Tvector Your Model Sailplane by Sherman Knight. Tvector your model aircraft is simple. However most pilots are convinced that because instructions from the manufacturer are in written form the information is accurate and cant be Data from The Wall Street Journal The Concorde Story The International Directory of Civil AircraftIf human beings were intended to fly The Intelligent Designer would have made their vector white.Everything you need and not much else is the catchy tagline from aviation entrepreneur Chip Erwin. With those words he described the Italian Zigolo which is based on a design by American Mike Sandlin.
This What Is The Relative Velocity Of This Plane Relative To The Helicopter has 2592 x 726 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Photostock Vector Airplane Logo Initial X has 1300 x 780 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Velocity Vector Relationship To Aircraft Waterline has 918 x 1188 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This How Pilots Should Use Trim In Flight has 1210 x 800 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Would An Like Or Any Anhedral Wing Multi Engine Aircraft Cruising At High S has 2000 x 983 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Part Spy Surveilling Enemy S Airfield Photographing Airplanes Taking Figure One Airplan Q has 2046 x 1662 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Cargo Transport Isometric Elements Plane Truck has 1500 x 850 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Representation Of The Aircraft Along With The Frames And Velocity Notationsfig has 850 x 1202 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This How Do I Figure Out The Effects Of Wind On Flight has 4367 x 2361 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This The Velocity Of An Airplane As A Function Of Time Can Be Written As V T Bi has 1200 x 675 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Air Travel Quotes Let Your Dreams has 1061 x 1600 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Editorial Stock Photo Small Private Plane Velocity Xl Experimental Image has 1300 x 957 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Why Is The Tu So Efficient Despite Having Propellers That Spin Faster Than Th has 2460 x 1948 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
Photostock Vector Navigation Gps Routing System Vertical Flat Banners Set With Aircraft Vessel Position Velocity Detec
This Why Do Airplanes Lift Up Their Nose To Climb has 3407 x 2011 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Megaflow Vector Fields Fluid Flows Released has 1578 x 629 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Stock Photo Contrail Vector Love In Love Fell In Love Vagraphictine Aircraft Aeroplane has 1300 x 1008 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Why Does Stall Speed Increase With Bank Angle has 1200 x 800 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Student Observes Airplane Fly Overhead Constant Velocity Parallel X Axis Height X Q has 1890 x 1390 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This In Flight Angle Of Attack Usage has 3509 x 2480 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Problem Given Instant Airplane Race Airplane Flying Horizontally Straight Line Speed Inc Q has 1024 x 793 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
Www.shopatcloth is not operated by, sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with any of the companies mentioned in this site. All brand names and trademarks mentioned in this site are the property of their respective owners.
Written and directed by Samuel Supple The outbreak of the First World War in 1914 saw millions of young British men (over 8 million in total) fight what proved to be a very bloody war. The troops left the UK via the coastal town of Folkestone in Kent. This documentary, made a century later, explores […]
The third obedience title is a UD, or "Utility Dog", which is earned through competition in the Utility obedience class
 Name                                                                             Last modified         Size  Description
expired Top Load Washing Machine 7 Kg $349 with 3 Year Warranty ALDI. 3 ... After having my 'experience' with an Aldi Stirling brand fridge I would never buy any ...
Stirling (Aldi) 7.5kg: 24 questions and 30 answers on Australia's largest opinion site ProductReview.com ... When & where can I buy the Aldi TOP loader washing machine?
» stirling xqg65 908e washing machine manufacturer » gold mine claims in ... » stirling xqg65 908e washing machine ... Stirling 7 5 KG Washing Machine ...
Stirling (Aldi) 9kg XQB100-Y1066S Reviews - … Stirling (Aldi) 9kg XQB100-Y1066S ... I bought this stirling washing machine for $300 what a great price at aldi byron ...
5.5kg Top Load Washing Machine $299. ... ALDI Stores reserves the right to limit purchases to reasonable quantities. ... 7 Day Deals. Christmas.
aldi stirling 7kg washing machine manual ... the total weight capacity of this hand truck is 90 kg so it would depend how much the washing machine ...
Error code 4 stirling washing machine - okdgroup.in. Stirling (Aldi) 7.5kg Reviews ... 2011 ... ... Showing results for "stirling washing machine review ...
ALDI 7kg Stirling Washing Machine ... » aldi stirling 7kg washing machine manual » pulverizer machine manufacturer in china » chemical extract gold from ...
aldi stirling top load washing machine 7kg. Home; ... » aldi stirling 7kg washing machine manual ... We are 24*7 Online. ...
Stirling 9 kg Top loader washing machine electronic s ... ALDI 7kg Stirling Washing Machine The Stirling 7kg Front Load Washing Machine is on sale at ALDI in ...
Find aldi washing machine ads in our Home & Garden category. Buy and sell almost anything on Gumtree classifieds.
Excellent working SAMSUNG 7.5 kg top load washing machine only 5 ... aldi stirling top load washing machine 7kg aldi st. Shibang Machinerys. HOME; PRODUCTS.
上海天皋电气有限公司是致力于TG手持式极性测试仪研发、生产、销售的高新技术企业，公司拥有坚实的技术力量，在产品结构、软、硬件和电气控制等多项核心技术中积累了丰富的项目经验，以新颖的设计、优质的产品取悦于用户。欢迎您来电咨询TG手持式极性测试仪详细信息.
Unexpected financial problems are stressful for everyone. Do you stuck in a poor situation and you need money now but can’t borrow the funds from family and friends, and your next pay check is far away? It could be an sudden auto repair or a bill that absolutely have to be paid – in a month when they're maxed out on their credit cards. We provide our customers with the best payday loan possible. It is so simple because we truly understand your needs. Our goal is not only to make sure that our services are the most personalized but also to treat our clients as the real partners.
Payday Loans Roslyn - professional and quick help Everybody knows it but it is pretty annoying when we do not have enough of savings to deal with it. We’ll help you get the funds you need today. Choose Payday loans in Roslyn because of fast, simple and convenient online application process. You don’t need to meet with representatives of the lending company before obtaining a payday loan. Face the financial flow problem today and have a good night’s sleep tonight. Quick payday loans are necessary at times, and when it does, it is better for you to deal with a solid and trusted company. That is why we’re here for you. Our online loan application process is very fast and 100% safe and confidential. Our agents will contact you after you submit the application. And your payday loan can be deposited on your bank account even the same day!
Use our payday loan calculator to choose the amount you want to borrow and over what term. The calculator will show you a full breakdown of your loan, how much you should expect to pay back in total, and on which dates.
Repayment terms Usually we draw money automatically from customer’s bank account. Also, you can pay youself by using a debit card. We accept all the major brands (American Express ,VISA, MasterCard). You can always pay us earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is immediately adjusted.
If you do not have money on due date you should apply for an extension by phone or email, at least three (3) days prior to your scheduled due date. At a minimum, you will be required to pay the interest due on the due date, and we encourage you to pay some toward reducing your principal loan balance at the time of an extension. If you do pay extra toward principal, you will reduce the amount of interest you would otherwise pay.
You may also cancel your online loan if you notify us by 5:00 pm the next business day, you may rescind your loan, and we’ll simply withdraw from your account the amount we deposited into your account.
Why you should pick Payday Loans Roslyn? Our payday loan process was designed to help you in poor situations. When it comes to your money, trust the best! We are a trustful corporation that provides quick and productive service to people needing loans. We are one of the most experienced lending lenders in U.S.A. so that is why we have created the best online short-term loans available all time. We operates with simplicity, fairness, and transparency. We offer clearly defined fees terms, and right short-term rates. We don’t sell any private clients information to third parties.
Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! A payday loan is a kind of loan when you need a little extra amount of money before your next paycheck. They can provide you with a fast source of incomes when you need it most. If you are dealing with some type of financial problems at the end of month because you estimated your finances not correctly, apply for ourshort-term loan in Roslyn.
Reel to reel hologram hot stamping machine to transfer up to 14 hologram stripes on paper. There is a special section included to use special thermo paper. This special section works with conventional heating system by oil and electrical resistances
Reel to reel, 16 hologram stripes hot stamping machine, for the application of security hologram suitable for the anti-counterfeiting and brand protection. Application can be done on any type of substrate: patented, 50% cotton, adhesive with silicon for labels, watermarked, board, PVC, plastic, aluminium.
Hologram hot stamping equipment, magnetic system with copper plate, supplied complete with proper electronic device to determine the foil application in register position. With this system it is possible to transfer both hologram stripes and hologram patches in register position through the mark detection. The system is variable size by the magnetic cylinder replacement, the foil and paper feeding are completely electronic.﻿
Reel to reel hologram hot stamping machine transferring up to 11 hologram stripes and working with spool and pancake.﻿
When your child leaves from being a toddler to tween, surely they require the different bed setting along with tween bed decoration. Based on the psychology of tween girls that their personality has arrived and they need a room to represent their personality and also their style. For girls, the bedroom decor is more variation in color along with the other stuff, like; accessories, various walls ornamental, craft and so on. They also spend a Read more
Carport designs are fundamentally desired by individuals. Various good reasons and pursuits they contemplate when selecting to install carport. Small business industries, recreation area plus private also personal household are area that effectively for carport look. Until now, the explanations are usually reasonable to create it at a section of your non-public household. The amount of the reason can’t be counted simply due to you will discover a lot of functional capabilities which will cause you Read more
Posted in Interior Designs Tagged carport designs and plans, carport designs attached house, carport designs nz, carport designs pictures, carport designs with storage Leave a comment
Log home for recreational designed by coventry enable small family to enliven the weekend time out of residential. The kitchen space joined with the living room, it’s enough to cook just for weekend. The living area furnished with the sofa and two bed space with queen size one and another bunk beds. One mini bath space and the additional loft space over beds and bath to store any gear. The package for this cabin offered Read more
Posted in Home Design Tagged cabin series, coventry log home reviews, coventry log homes, craftsman series, recreational cabin Leave a comment
UPVC Folding Patio Doors have become a favorite choice for most people today. UPVC material is known to be very precise because it has many benefits and advantages. Some benefits are able to survive in any temperature and weather, and very strong to protect the inside. In fact, the doors are made ​​of such material is suitable for any needs with maintenance tend to be easy. One application of the material UPVC interesting design is Read more
Valentinerhof Hotel was built on the slopes of the mountains of the Dolomites, integrating the harmony of nature with the local wisdom. The hotel is located at the gate at some tourist favorites hiking spot. Hotels are not always in full of crowds place or tourist destination, but also at the height of the land, as this hotel built 1200 meters above sea level. Like other hotels, facilities on offer also complete including a pool. Read more
Posted in Hotels Tagged italian designs, outdoor pool, tiered design, Valentinerhof Hotel Leave a comment
Phillips collection of furniture tables are amongst great selections of furniture table that any homeowner ought definitely consider. They have all kinds of contemporary selections that could cater to all range of styles and aesthetic appeal. The great minds and skilful hands behind its creations make the products possible to enter competitive market with various kinds of target market from different backgrounds. Phillip Collections are driven by the notion that “every piece a conversation” , Read more
Woodgrain doors are very unique because it makes the pattern of wood appeared on the surface of the door. But it turns out pattern that appears on the surface of the door does not always come from the wood used to make the door. The existence of technology make almost everything easier, one of them by creating artificial vinyl and make a vinyl made of real wood surface. This time many brands have rolled out Read more
Cottage in design and functions is the other form of a house with rooms equipped with recreational facilities; mini cafes, TV cable, refrigerator, barbecue, cafeteria, and maybe a free rental bicycle as a part of facilities in a commercial cottages. Modular cottage can be built as your residence or complement your primary house. If built as a primary residence, then it may constitute your lifestyle. If built to compliment your main house then it can Read more
Plexiglas coffee table can be your choice to decorate your room beautifully. This kind of table has spread widely, and many people are interested in this good looking table. It is safer than a glass table and more practical. It also offers various designs that will suit your taste and need. The design can be simple or unique. It is in your hand to decide which one among many of them that will satisfy you Read more
COMP Cams offers the finest stud girdles on the market today. Our stud girdles are made of 6061-T6 aluminum for light weight and anodized for durability. They are a one-piece, solid bar design to tie the studs together as well as properly locate them.
Get the most out of summer and your yard with the 7.5 Ft Market Style Patio Umbrella. It features flexible fiberglass ribs with molded nylon joints, hubs and end tips. The metal pole is constructed of anodized aluminum and powder coated with a white finish for superior rust protection. The market style canopy includes push button tilt and is made of spun acrylic available in 6 colors. It also includes a crank lift for easy setup and is designed to be a beautiful and durable addition to any backyard or patio.
Founded in 2000, FiberBuilt Umbrellas, Inc. was established with the goal of producing the most innovative and durable umbrellas available right here in the USA.
2017 marks 30 years since Mark Lizotte (aka Diesel) literally stepped off the bus after making the Nullarbor crossing from Perth with his band Johnny Diesel And the Injectors, a “hobby” band made up of remnants of an imploded previous band.
Arriving with just $95 between them meant that 9 shows a week ensued for many months. By ’88, after playing everywhere and supporting everyone (including a fortuitous slot with Jimmy Barnes on his Freight Train Heart tour) they were poised to impact with their debut eponymously titled album.
Impact they did, winning ARIA’s for Best New Talent and Highest Selling Album. The very same album went on to become the highest selling Australian debut album of all time.
So, what better way to celebrate than with a night that combines a 25thAnniversary commemoration of Diesel’s breakthrough #1 solo album“Hepfidelity”, with hits from a 30 year career to date.
Hepfidelity – Through The X-ray will see Diesel retracing tracks from the album that established him as a solo artist and musical traveller.
Diesel Rewound is where we get to ‘rewind’ through the hits of a 15-album career, that has produced 35+ singles.
"In all Ireland's brief disorganized history as a nation, fewer than half a dozen children have gone missing and stayed that way, and Kiernan had never been able to forget that two of these had been given into his hands and he had failed them."
I really enjoyed In the Woods, I have French's newer book on my pile and just haven't had the time to read it. Wasn't the first chapter of In The Woods just spectacular? I thought the descriptions of childhood summers was wonderful.
"The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read."
All material is Copyright 2009 -2016 by Michelle Wermerskirchen @www.Red Headed Book Child.com. Material that is quoted from another source will be listed. If you see any material from this site on another, they are in violation of my copyright. Thank you.
It’s as if The Cure went acoustic, frontrunning the band with the softest sounds of feminine chanteusery. The Reverse is a twosome composed of vocalistic guitarist Tara Emelye Needham and drummer Todd “Todbot” Karasick. Born in Long Island, The Reverse migrated to New York City, as talents tend to do. Unaffected, feet-shuffling wanderings best describe the tone and tunes of this debut album, making one reasons, perhaps, why it is entitled The Longest Day of the Year. Needham’s voice is so delicate and gentle that the duo’s well-scribed lyrics hide behind overpowering guitar and percussion attacks. “Moon shines down/Tambourine round/Little Dipper dives into Orion/Pointing our way to the horizon,” Needham mouths cutely, yet inaudibly.
I elect this album suitable for rainy-day background music and after the break-up or just before the make-up.
By the time you read my next newsletter I will have finished the final chapter of Eldest. The adventure continues. Both Eragon and I have experienced things we could only dream of when this all began . . . and more.
You can read the full newsletter if you aren’t subscribed by clicking here! If you’d like to subscribe to the newsletter, you can do so here.
א. “ויהושע בן נון וכלב בן יפנה חיו מן האנשים ההם ההולכים לתור את הארץ” (במדבר, יד, לח), אפשר לפרש ולומר עפ”י מה שכתוב במשלי (יג, כג) “יש נספה בלא משפט” והגמרא (חגיגה ד:) מפרשת שיש אנשים שמתים בלא משפט. מספרת הגמרא שרב ביבי בר אביי היה חבר של מלאך המוות, יום אחד ראה רב ביבי שמלאך המוות שולח שליח ואומר לו: לך תביא לי את נשמת מרים מגדלת השיער, התבלבל השליח ובמקום להביא את מרים מגדלת השיער, הביא את מרים מגדלת הילדים, רב ביבי רצה לראות מה מלאך המוות יעשה עם אותה טעות שעשה השליח, אמר מלאך המוות לשליח להשאיר את הנשמה ולא להחזיר אותה לעולם הזה. שאל רב ביבי על פשר הדבר, וענה לו מלאך המוות שהרי כתוב “יש נספה בלא משפט”, ואת השנים שלקחנו לה – מוסיפים לשנות חייו של תלמיד חכם שמעביר על מדותיו. על פי זה אפשר לבאר, המרגלים הלכו לרגל את ארץ ישראל, כשחזרו ודברו לא טוב על ארץ ישראל, הקב”ה גזר עליהם מיתה, אבל מה יעשו עם החיים של המרגלים שמתו לפני הזמן, העבירו אותם ליהושע וכלב, וזה מה שכתוב “חיו מן האנשים”, הקב”ה לקח את החיים של המרגלים ונתן ליהושע וכלב. אבל הייתה בעיה, בחייהם של המרגלים היה טמון לשון הרע שדברו על הארץ ועכשיו יהושע וכלב לוקחים חיים של אנשים עם מדות לא טובות, לכן משה רבנו התפלל על יהושע – “יה יושיעך מעצת מרגלים” – מהעצה של המרגלים שהייתה בחייהם, ועכשיו קבלתה בחיים החדשים שלך.
Sheet to sheet machine transferring 2 hologram flanked images (patches) with hot stamping technology. As per all Newmec machines, number of patches to transfer and the sheet size are at customer request. this specific model works with 35x50cm sheets upon request we can reach up to 50x70cm
Reel to reel machine that transfers with hot stamping system hologram continuous stripes by a rotary technology (number of stripes is at customer request), prints one flexo color to personalize the product (in endowment there is an UV drying lamp), transfers with hot stamping system hologram patches (also with printing register) by stop & go technology. With this machine model you can satisfy any kind of production necessity, making ORIGINAL your product.
When Supergirl was first announced, I was definitely a bit mixed of opinion. It seemed at first that it would ride off of the popularity and success of Superman. After spending my time through the first episode in the series, I see now that I was right.
The show opens with a panning shot of the planet Krypton, while Kara-Zor-El herself narrates how she was sent to Earth shortly after her cousin Kal-El (Superman) to protect him. However, an unforeseen circumstance caused her ship to drift off into the Phantom Zone for 24 years. Eventually, she was able to leave the cosmic prison and landed on planet Earth. In that time though, Superman was already known and active – so she was left without a real purpose for being there. She was then taken by Superman to live with the Danvers, which included a grin-worthy cameo by Dean Cain (one of the many actors who has played the Man of Steel).
At face value, I like this change. In her comic debut, Kara was sent to Earth to be raised by her cousin, not to protect him. It’s also a nice touch how they added a nod to the Phantom Zone. It ultimately feels more reminiscent of the 1978 Superman as opposed to the recent Man of Steel, and that’s not necessarily a bad thing.
Like a lot of superhero tales, Kara decides very early on that she wants to live a normal life, except with one twist: she doesn’t want to use her powers at all. No alter ego, no vigilantism. Just a normal girl. So naturally, the first act is spent establishing what her life is like. She is an assistant who gets lattes for her incredibly uptight boss. She has some goofy co-workers, but that’s all you really need to know. To be honest, when time was spent at her day job, I forgot I was watching a superhero show and thought I had dragged myself into a stereotypical teen drama.
Despite having a slow first act, it doesn’t take long for Kara to take to the skies and embrace her powers. While having her sister’s plane come crashing down seemed like just an excuse for Kara to be a hero, it was satisfying to see her love every minute of it. She was very eager, and it was charming to see her get excited and bubbly once she saw herself on the news. Because the hero world is dominated by males, it was an endearing change to witness how Kara handled her heroics.
Often times, this led to some funny moments like when she told her friend about her powers just because she was upset that her loved ones seemed to shut her down about it. The writers definitely hit some good notes with their heroine as far as character traits go, and Melissa Benoist accomplishes this role in spades (or I guess in a red skirt).
While having a female superhero is definitely something that has been long overdue in the media, I believe that the writers definitely hit a little too on the nose at times with Supergirl. For instance, when Kara’s boss officially dubbed the “strong woman” as Supergirl, she threw a fit about how a more appropriate name would have been “Superwoman” and how using the word “girl” is pejorative.
The really funny thing, though, especially in a metatextual sense, is that with the show led dominantly by women, the men get pretty generic roles. They are all either potential love interests, or extremely authoritative and bull-headed. Hard to complain, given the abhorrent treatment female characters have been given (by and large) through the years, but if anything, maybe Supergirl will serve notice to the male-dominated Hollywood that has been underutilizing its female leads.
That being said, I liked this incarnation of Jimmy Olsen, even if he’s ultimately there to feed the connection between Kara and Superman without exactly having to bring the Man of Steel in himself.
Speaking of Superman, this brings me to one of the show’s biggest problems – it piggybacks off of him. Oh so many times do the characters make a reference to Superman or show a picture of him. It seems like the writers are trying really hard to give the mainstream audience something they’re familiar with. What results is a story where I long to see the Man of Steel appear more than Kara herself. A “grass is greener” scenario, maybe, but scarcity drives value.
Another one of the issues I have with this show is probably more of a personal preference, but I believe that they missed a huge opportunity by not including this show within the same universe as Arrow and The Flash. I think it would’ve given the show a lot more interest if Oliver Queen or Barry Allen showed up for a moment to give Kara a nice pep talk. It would’ve helped ground the show in a universe we already know and love, and Supergirl would’ve been all the better for it. There really is no reason why it shouldn’t operate in the same world, considering the producers of both of the CW hits were helping with this show.
The producers for Supergirl definitely had their work cut out for them. Because she has all the same powers as Superman, they were definitely not going to get away with not using special effects. And I’ll admit, I was mostly impressed with the end result. It all looked believable (apart from a few moments in her confrontation with the villain Vartox), and there was also a jaw-dropping moment where she stands in front of a moving truck, punches it with her fist, and the vehicle just explodes. Moments like this that make me excited for what kind of effects they’ll use in upcoming episodes.
Supergirl is not nearly as bad as everybody thought it was going to be, nor was it as good as I had hoped it could be. With what the writers were working with, they definitely handled it very well. The end result is a show that feels slightly campy and dramatic, but is a reasonably entertaining ride and has a lot of heart. Benoist is charming to watch as the title character, but she’s the only character I found worth paying attention to. Here’s hoping that it will get better as it progresses, and that someday, we could see her team up with the Green Arrow himself.
What did you guys think? Did you enjoy Supergirl? Let us know in the comments, or drop us a line on Twitter at @NewRockstars!
If you haven’t seen the “Worst movie death scene ever,” I suggest you take a break and watch this one minute of unintentional hilarity. This bizarre s...
When the trailer for “Man of Steel” came out last month, the guys behind DustFilms’ released their own trailer that recreated every scene shot-by-shot...
“If you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em.”Fox Television is taking the old adage to heart apparently, as it has just inked a deal (that is “hip reporter spe...
This is not the beginning, but maybe an important jump point, of what I believe will be a cool new aspect for marketing movies. If...
I am by no means a high profile internet marketing genius. Hell, I couldn't even sell a glass of lemonade for $10k to a thirsty CEO after a long s...
“Judge Judy” Sheindlin always means business in the courtroom and, in this latest lawsuit, out of the courtroom. According to TMZ, CBS, which distr...
NewMediaRockstars is an online publication whose mission is to empower, inspire and promote the independent new media community.
Join us for the 2nd Third Thursday Summer Concert Series Thursday, 7/19 on the green in New Milford Connecticut. A familiar band from last July, back again for more action is Moonshine.
A tribute to the best of Today's Country Music, "Moonshine" Is second to none when it comes to putting on an amazing performance. The band and it's player's have a wide variety of experience in the business of entertainment. Many of the players have played and toured in and around the U.S. in either a regional or national show either as a player, headliner or in a supporting role in a large scale production. "Moonshine" is proud to say they play any show large or small with the same enthusiasm.... " We just love to entertain, and get the audience involved, it's the reason we do what we do. We do much more then just play music at our shows, we perform and this is what clearly separates us from the rest."
In these lectures, the author discusses the fundamental principles of thermodynamic and dynamic Monte Carlo methods in a simple light-weight fashion. The keywords are Markov chains, Sampling, Detailed Balance, A Priori Probabilities, Rejections, Ergodicity, "Faster than the clock algorithms".
This volume focuses on the application of electronic structure calculations and dynamical simulation techniques covering aspects of solid state physics, surface and nanoscience, chemical reactions and dynamics, magnetism and electron transport, etc.
These notes should train you in an algorithmic approach to problems in the sciences, represented here by the unity of three disciplines, physics, mathematics and informatics. This trinity outlines the emerging field of computational physics.
An introduction to physical modeling using a computational approach. Taking a computational approach makes it possible to work with more realistic models than what you typically see in a first-year physics class, such as friction and drag.
A friend of a friend found him wandering around her driveway. He was caught, the house that they thought he came from was approached, and they admitted to letting him go just because they didn't want him anymore. (who thinks an angora will be okay on it's own. Especially in Sacramento in July???) I said I'd take him because I had an extra cage, but I'm not sure if I have time to groom one more bunny. He's a satin angora, he's small now but I'm not sure if that's due to neglect, or if he's simply young. I also need to attack his coat, and I'll probably just chop it all off.
In other news, more scarves on and off the loom- I was playing with a pattern and tried it out in several different color combinations. By the last one it's evident that I was getting tired of it! Here is a picture before that last one was off the loom.
The warp on all of them is Webs merino/tencel yarn, and the weft is various heavy fingering weight yarns, some are bamboo/merino/nylon, one is merino/tencel, and one is some cotton/wool/nylon sock yarn that I had a single skein of sitting around.
TrickyOldTeacher - Jody D - Jody fucked hardcore by her tricky old teacher after class mp4 Video 486.5 MB 0
Our current project, Oldham Sports Centre, was recently mentioned in the local paper ‘Oldham Evening Chronicle’
We would like express our thanks to the residents of Shaw and Crompton on their positive feedback of the works we undertook in the area on the local swimming baths. […]
Recently our team committed a wet and windy day to make sure they were up to date with the latest health and safety regulations regarding working on site with harnesses […]
Please look around the website and come back to this spot for regular news and new projects we are working on.
Latest Update of Budget 2016 by Mr. Jaitley: GoI will pay contribution of 8.33% for of all new employees enrolling in EPFO for the first three years of their employment. Budget provision of 1000 crore for this […]
Latest Update of Budget 2016 by Mr. Jaitley: “Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana” to be implemented in mission mode. 28.5 lakh hectares will be brought under irrigation. Stay tuned with Budget Live Section of CA […]
Latest Update of Budget 2016 by Mr. Jaitley: Priority allocation from Centrally Sponsored Schemes to be made to reward villages that have become free from open defecation. Stay tuned with Budget Live Section of CA Corners […]
Latest Update of Budget 2016 by Mr. Jaitley: Total investment in the road sector, including PMGSY allocation, would be Rs.97,000 crore during 2016-17. Stay tuned with Budget Live Section of CA Corners for such updates.
Applied Games Summit • Ian Livingstone CBE is one of the founding fathers of the UK games industry. More
Main Conference • Concept Artist for Bioware who worked on Dragon Age Origins, Dragon Age 2, and Dragon Age Inquisition.
Main Conference • Mark Overmars is co-founder and CTO of Tingly Games. He is responsible for their proprietary HTML5-engine and game development toolchain.
Main Conference & Applied Games Summit • Sherida Halatoe is the creator of Beyond Eyes, a beautiful game about a blind girl in an unfamiliar world. More
Main Conference • Jukio ‘Kozilek’ Kallio is a composer and musician of electronic music for games and parties. More
Main Conference • Joost van Dongen is co-founder and lead programmer at Ronimo Games, the studio behind Swords & Soldiers and Awesomenauts. More
Main Conference • Eric Felten is a concept designer specialized in environment design currently working for One Pixel Brush. More
Main Conference • Adriaan de Jongh is best known for designing games like Fingle and Bounden and setting up contract( ). More
World Building • Lennart Sas is co-founder and CEO of Triumph Studios, creators of the Age of Wonders and Overlord series. More
World Building • Dan Hassler-Forest is the author of several books on 21st-century popular culture and media studies. More
World Building • Two time Oscar nominated Jan Roelfs is production designer, best known for his work on scifi classic Gattaca.
World Building • Richard Boeser is an independent game designer and co-founder of Sparpweed, the studio behind ibb & obb (PS3 & PC).
Applied Games Summit • Thorsten Unger is Managing Director of the German games industry association – GAME and serious games expert. More
Main Conference • Geert van den Burg is designer of Curve Fever and owner of the company with the same name. More
Main Conference • Jeroen van Hasselt is Creative Director and Game Designer at Vogelsap and student game design at HKU. More
Main Conference • Geert Nellen is game designer and artist at Dutch independent game studio Digital Dreams. More
Applied Games Summit • Hester Stubbé is an educational specialist and technical consultant at TNO. More
Applied Games Summit • Teresa de la Hera is postdoctoral researcher and lecturer at Utrecht University & member of the Center for the Study of Digital Games and Play.
Joost Asselbergs is a PhD candidate at the VU University Amsterdam, Faculty of Behavioural and Movement Sciences. More
Applied Games Summit • Prof. Mata Haggis is Associate Professor of Creative & Entertainment Games at NHTV University.
Applied Games Summit • Harald Warmelink is lecturer and researcher at HKU University of the Arts Utrecht, School of Games & Interaction. More
Joris Dormans holds a PhD in Game Design from the University of Amsterdam and a MA degree in Cultural Studies from the Free University of Amsterdam.
Applied Games Summit • Nick Fortugno is recognized around the world as a leading game designer, narrative and story expert as well as an entrepreneur of digital and real-world games.
Criner Remodeling is a licensed and insured Class A contractor that has been serving Newport News and the Virginia Peninsula for over forty years. Our focus is completely on residential remodeling, together with kitchens, bogs, and house additions. From idea to delivery we combine exquisite design, exacting quality standards, and unparalleled customer service.
Spa bathrooms are relatively simple to replicate. Just think of the lodge or resort bathroom out of your last trip. Expand the shower and install twin rain showerheads or put in a jetted soaking tub with chromatherapy lighting. Replace laminate counters with quartz or granite and prime with a vessel sink. Replace light-coloured cabinetry with darkish woods and dated flooring with massive-scale, tumbled natural tile. This service permits you to sign up for or affiliate a Google AdSense account with HubPages, so that you can earn cash from advertisements in your articles. No knowledge is shared unless you interact with this characteristic. The reworking Customer’s Bill of Rights was created for homeowners who’ve come to count on the nightmare project that’s so prevalent within the remodeling trade. Last week, the center printed its Leading Indicator of Remodeling Activity, which tracks such information points as constructing materials shipments and housing starts.
Homeowners are organising a home contingency budget and deciding on initiatives that can be completed inside the limits of funds on hand. That’s a very good rule of thumb for all household spending. If a roomier look is what you want you may strive including an additional mirror on a special wall or making your existing mirror a lot bigger, proving the wall will accommodate this. Mirrors are a gateway to a roomier appear and feel. You may also consider a different paint scheme to provide the appearance of larger tub room.
So what are some lavatory transforming ideas that may make your bathroom a little more satisfying? In order to truly get pleasure from your lavatory you want to consider whether or not the new design will match in your home. You not only need the look to be nice but it surely should also be functional for your loved ones. Contemporary whites and neutrals are being replaced by earth tones. This does not imply your own home must look like a cabin within the woods. The point of the development is to combine heat, cozy earth tones with a contemporary aesthetic. Take it a step additional by complementing heat tones with metallic accents and fixtures in darker finishes, like oil-rubbed bronze. Handy if there’s no room for a kitchen island as it can simply be moved into the house when needed for meal preparation. Build a home recycling middle sorting your bottles out of your cans simply with simply a few bins set right into a deep drawer.
Regardless of your present scenario, these high home remodeling developments are one thing to think about—perhaps not tomorrow, however hopefully sometime in the near future. If you watch home renovation packages on tv, you recognize the massive trend is to blow out walls that divide smaller, uneven rooms. New residential development provides huge open spaces—kitchens that open up to household and dining areas, large master bedrooms with open sitting/lounging areas, extensive open loft-like spaces that go away it up to homeowners to get artistic. Small Kitchen Organizing Ideas Click Pic for 20 DIY Kitchen Organization Ideas Pull-out vertical drawer.
Let's talk weather, writing, educational topics, humourous stories. Maybe some weird stuff...and photos of me in a fez. Follow the #fridayflash hashtag in the right hand margin (under the Labels heading) for a sampling of my flash fiction.
Yet again, this post may be sub-titled "aimless rambling of that guy on the east coast" or "Al should stay away from the hard stuff".
About a month ago there was a national news story here about an oil painting--correction, an oil sketch--that sold in auction for about $3.5 million Canadian. You can link to the full CBC story here or you can go to the auction house information about the paintings for sale here. The sketch in question was called "The Old Stump, Lake Superior" by Group of Seven Artist Lawren Harris (shown above). They were a group of Canadian landscape artists, primarily from the 1920's, heavily influenced by European Impressionism that held a strong desire to depict nature in their own unique way.
I will be up front about my total lack of background in art. If my knowledge could be measured, it would half-fill a shot glass and I would spill the contents down the front of myself trying to drink it. One only has to look at the stick-men drawings my son does by way of art at school to know what side of the family his abilities came from. I was trained as a draftsman in school, back in the days when pencils, rulers and drafting boards were used. I find comfort in the linear and orderly words and lines on the page. I was dragged, kicking and screaming, into the foreign world of technology and AutoCad. Art is even more abstract and foreign to me.
The story caught my eye because of Lawren Harris. Many years ago, while living in London, Ontario, I spent a weekend in Toronto and took a side trip north to the village of Kleinburg. There you will find the McMichael Canadian Art Collection that displays contemporary art, First Nations Art, Inuit Art and most of the works of the Group of Seven. If you find yourself about the Toronto area, I recommend a side trip to the McMichael.
Anyhow...at the McMichael I saw Mt. Lefroy, by Lawren Harris and was mesmerized by it (shown right). My lack of art education shows when I can't even explain why I liked it so much...I just 'did'. I suppose that if I had a few million of disposable income lying about I may be inclined to buy that piece of art, or something similar by Harris.
I recall a story a few years back about the federal government buying a painting from a Canadian artist for a large sum of money. That's fine, I suppose, except that it was three vertical stripes. I wish that I could remember the name of the artist or painting and I would attach it here. The three stripes thing just doesn't inspire me the way that mountain does. Then again, I guess that it's up to a person's individual tastes.
I know that a couple of you that read my blog have some art training and are much better qualified to discuss a topic like this. What do all of you consider art? Have you a favourite?
I suppose that if I had a few million of disposable income lying about I may be inclined to buy that piece of art, or something similar by Harris.
That top picture looks like a whale surging out of the ocean too me. I wonder what a psychologist would make of that.
The first is too symetrical to appeal to me while the asymetry of the mountain, clouds, snow, engages my brain.
I enjoy art, but I really have no idea about it. I'll stick with the old standby - "I know what I like." I do very much like that mountain.
I love art and when I say art, I mean, works of art that have a lot of thought behind them. Not paint thrown at a blank canvas and called 'untitled 3'. To me, the Pre-Raphaelites were among some of the greatest painters alive, but there are many others who came before, and after. It's all down to taste, like books, films and music.
To me, I have to at least have some idea of what I'm looking at to be able to say I understand what the artist is getting at, wants to show me their view on life through their eyes and creativity. Your example shows me the clean, clear lines of a mountian top touching the sky. The Artist is showing me the same in his choice of colour, lines and brushstokes. Everything about the picture is clean and sharp, nothing fussy or overdone. The way the snow has been painted keeps taking your eyes back to where the top touchs the cloud. The sweep of the sky brings your eyes back to the mountain top and helps to keep your focus on the picture.
I hope you can understand my explanation of what I think the artist is saying in his work to me. I'm no expert and have had no formal training, just mess about with art and sold a few painting along the way.
I've had so much friggin aesthetic theory crammed into my head over the long years of my art history education that I'm sure I could invent some bullshit reason for it all-- but ew. Beauty is subjective because we think things are beautiful when we recognize them, or something in them. Dude's lines speak to you-- what could be better or more important than that?
I do find that the more I know about an artist and their work, the better I like them. I didn't care for Kandinsky til I did some reading, and I've made many a Pollock convert preaching to friends in front of Lavender Mist in the National Gallery. (At their request-- I'm not That Person, I swear!) That's fine for the Art Nerds, like with lit for the Lit Nerds, but I think real success is an instinctive reaction in the audience, whether it's uncomfortable or joyful or whatever.
I like the clean lines and the use of light in both paintings. I like Impressionism, myself; I love the way a good Impressionist artist can evoke a mood with a few deft strokes of the brush.
I'm kind of a gritty, grungy-art guy myself, but there's something to "The Old Stump, Lake Superior" that works on that level. I think Katey nailed it re: beauty being subjective. I want to vomit everytime I read some over-blown description of a work at a gallery. Just give me the art, man. I also feel the same about artists--hated Warhol before I drew his name for a project my freshman year in college. Now, I love the dude in all his weirdness.
Anton, I'll ask Santa to bring me a calendar. Knowing my luck it won't be that calendar, but one with pugs dressed in costumes instead.
Cate, That's funny about the whale. I hadn't noticed it but now that you mention it...and thanks back at ya for the card!
Jarmara, "show me their view of life through their eyes." I think that's exactly what Harris was about. I read in Wikipedia that he wanted to express his theosophical and spiritual interests through his art. I sense that in both works.
Katey, I'd listen to you lecture on Pollock any day of the week. I think that you're spot in with the opinion about getting in instinctive reaction from the audience. I think (hope) that is what all types of artists strive for.
KC, I did enjoy them both. I find it interesting how the clouds are depicted so differently in the two works.
Aaron, I could do without the over-blown descriptions as well. That's how I manage to go through an art gallery so quickly. I take in the works that touch me on some level. The written descriptions are secondary.
I love rich oil paintings of Greek mythology and realistic sculpture (again, mythological themes preferred).
Alan was born in Greenock, Scotland and came to Canada with his parents in '65. He grew up in Victoria, B.C. but spent most of his adult years in London, Ontario. Alan studied sciences at the University of Victoria (Geology) but eventually came to the conclusion that there was far too much science involved. He finished up with a civil engineering technician diploma (a fancy term for draftsman) from Fanshawe College in London. Alan moved with his wife and son to St. John's, Newfoundland & Labrador in 2006 for a change of scenery. He has taken a number of creative writing classes over the years and returned to writing in 2007. He is a member of the Writer's Alliance of Newfoundland & Labrador and his online fiction has appeared in MicroHorror, Static Movement, FlashShot and 52 Stitches.
"Japan is no longer needed to exist near us", said the Korea Asia-Pacific Peace Committee, which administers North Korea's external affairs, in mid-September.
Once the ship entered Egyptian waters, customs agents boarded and discovered a stockpile of more than 30,000 rocket-propelled grenades worth $23 million concealed underneath bins of iron ore.
In a statement, it said the shipment was not meant to be sent to Egypt, denying a report by US newspaper the Washington Post which described "a mysterious vessel steaming toward the Suez Canal". Anonymous officials told the Washington Post that the incident was one of the reasons the Trump administration cut and delayed hundreds of millions of dollars in Egyptian military aid in August.
Defense Secretary Mattis was speaking two days after President Donald Trump appeared to undermine his top diplomat by saying Tillerson was "wasting his time" by maintaining contacts with Kim Jong-Un's regime. Because that was better than letting Egypt keep those weapons.
Beyond North Korea's limited amount of permissible worldwide trade, which has become even slimmer following increased United Nations sanctions, the country remains heavily invested in illicit trade, including narcotics, counterfeit currencies, and cheap weapons.
Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Franklin Resources Inc. acquired a new position in Altice USA in the 2nd quarter worth about $69,443,000.
The ship was registered in Cambodia and flew a Cambodian flag, in an apparent attempt to avoid unwanted scrutiny. Russian Federation and China do not really supply such old-fashioned hardware anymore, so North Korea has cornered the market.
"Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now?" When Egypt went to war against Israel in 1973, the senior Egyptian air force commander was able to enlist some North Korean pilots for the effort.
The Egyptians, in turn, helped to build the only 3G mobile phone network in North Korea. "North Korea policy is a world of least-bad options". He insisted his investments in North Korea had nothing to do with his criticism.
"Egyptian authorities confiscated and destroyed the shipment in the presence of a team of experts from the 1718 committee overseeing the UNSC sanctions on North Korea", Abu-Zeid told AFP. "The South Korean puppets are deepening the disruption of the North-South relations and further escalating the danger of a nuclear war".
What began with United States intelligence spotting a rusty cargo vessel heading into the Suez Canal and alerted Egypt that its origin was North Korea, ended with the ship being seized, searched and its cargo - called the "largest seizure of ammunition headed for Pyongyang" by the UN - confiscated.
At the last hearing, the court had indicted the minister on charges of corruption, which he denied and opted to contest them. They maintained that the impugned order suffered from errors apparent on the face of the record.
Many people are vocalizing their opinion on gun control including Caleb Keeter with the Josh Abbott Band. In fact Mike Thompson, the congressman from California, has been a lifelong member of the NRA.
The government gave its seal of approval to selling them in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law. They've been heavily restricted by federal law for over 80 years, and their use in crimes is extremely rare.
He's allowed three or fewer earned runs in 13 consecutive starts, the second-longest single-season streak by a Rockies starter. Giancarlo Stanton had a season for the ages, almost hitting 60 home runs. "I feel pretty prepared". "The Miami game was bad".
Cancers associated with overweight and obesity, excluding colorectal cancer, increased among adults younger than 75 years of age. Black males and American Indian/Alaska Native males also had higher incidence rates of these cancers than white males.
Ten years later, Benjamin Paddock was located by police in OR , according to a 1978 report in the Arizona Republic . The brother of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock said Paddock was not a particularly religious or political person.
Baird reissued a "hold" rating and set a $45.00 price objective on shares of BB&T Corporation in a report on Friday, August 25th. Bahl & Gaynor Inc increased its stake in Nike Inc Cl B (NKE) by 2.2% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC.
Zack Granite entered for Buxton to begin the bottom of the inning. Well, allow him to introduce himself, his name is Buck. Buxton is proving he's worth it.
Frost, who is originally from Maryland but moved to California several years ago, is expected to remain in the coma for a week. Tina Frost was a two-time all-conference selection while at Arundel, a team captain and member of the National Honor Society.
According to the description, this update will address the cracking sound issue during voice calls on the iPhone 8/8 Plus. This is the second iOS 11 update Apple has released since launching the mobile operating system on September 19.
Credit Suisse maintained Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) on Wednesday, August 23 with "Buy" rating. $640,252 worth of Xilinx, Inc . BidaskClub lowered the stock of Xilinx from a "strong-buy" recommendation to a "buy" recommendation in a study on Wed, Jul 19th.
Traders are feeling more bullish on shares of Ashford Hospitality Trust Inc if you put credence in the motion in short interest. The share price of Hersha Hospitality Trust (NYSE:HT) was up +1.07% during the last trading session, with a day high of 19.03.
The firm had revenue of $387.00 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $377.65 million. Companies having a market cap of $10 billion or more are typically considered as the major players of the market.
Georgia-based Asset Mngmt Of Georgia Ga Adv has invested 0.44% in Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG). (NASDAQ:MKSI) for 74,153 shares. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 57.29% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.
The update will feature a new gameplay mode called " Challenge The Horde ", a new in-game event, new heroes, weapons, and more. These new aspects of Fortnite are NOT available to play through the Battle Royale free portion of the game.
Benjamin Netanyahu spoke during a visit on Tuesday to Maale Adumim, where he promised "enhanced development" of the settlement. About 430,000 Israeli settlers live among 2.6-million Palestinians in the West Bank.
Recently, Scalise was welcomed with thunderous applause when he made his return to Congress following months on the mend. He said it's one thing to push for reasonable gun control legislation, but it's another to "politicize a tragedy".
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that flu vaccines prevented 5.1 million illnesses in the 2015-2016 season. Ailing patients should wash hands frequently with soap and water - or if that's not available, with alcohol-based hand rub.
The rating was maintained by Keefe Bruyette & Woods on Friday, August 18 with "Buy". (The) Reiterated Rating of Neutral. Haverford owns 26,725 shares. (NASDAQ:GSBC) for 28,500 shares. 39,767 are held by Norman Fields Gottscho Mgmt Limited.
Equities analysts anticipate that Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc . will post $14.93 earnings per share for the current year. The biopharmaceutical company reported $4.17 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $2.67 by $1.50.
Official of Special Counsel after using her Twitter account to support a House candidate. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has been reprimanded by the U.S.
James Harden had 16 points and 10 assists, Sixth Man of the Year Eric Gordon scored 21 points, and the Rockets made 24 3-pointers. The Houston Rockets have a new look with the addition of All-Star point guard Chris Paul in the backcourt.
Waco ISD's Police Department will host its National Night Out at campus police headquarters, 2015 Alexander Ave., from 6-8 p.m. Stay connected with 3News for the latest news, sports and weather .
He helped the Storm win the NRL title on Sunday while also capturing the Clive Churchill Medal for best player on the field. "... Slater agreed to the one-year deal after winning the man of the match in Melbourne's 2017 NRL Grand Final win over the Cowboys.
The two sides will face off in their final pool fixture on the 11th of November in a game that could finalise the top spot for qualification.
She added: "Weak leadership is having a Cabinet of yes men, weak leadership is having a team of people who only agree with you. Mr Johnson sought to accentuate the positives of the performance in June, telling activists: "You won - we won".
The firm owned 84,495 shares of the information services provider's stock after buying an additional 485 shares during the period. The company had revenue of $220.00 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $212.55 million.
Zacks Investment Research downgraded Alexion Pharmaceuticals from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Monday. On September 13 BMO Capital left the stock rating at "Outperform" and raised the price target from $168.00 to $173.00.
Paloma Partners Management Co grew its holdings in shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International by 12.0% in the first quarter. A rating of less than 2 means buy, "hold" within the 3 range, "sell" within the 4 range, and "strong sell" within the 5 range.
Musk plans to build a new rocket ship code named "BFR", which would allow passengers to reach anywhere on earth in under an hour. However, Musk and SpaceX continue to push forward and flawless the advent of reusable rocket technology.
If Dan's not back next year, what does that say? "As far as pitching coach situation, I think it's pretty much b-lls-t with Dan". But a banged-up group completely crumbled this season, with a 5.01 ERA that ranked 28th out of 30 major league teams.
Bomb disposal experts rushed to the scene, but it later transpired that the substance was flammable, not explosive. Detectives said there was "no wider risk to public safety" and the incident was not related to terrorism.
It turned negative, as 80 investors sold COP shares while 511 reduced holdings. 87 funds opened positions while 334 raised stakes. BidaskClub cut ConocoPhillips from a "sell" rating to a "strong sell" rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th.
The ad, which you can find below, has already been viewed 200,000 times and shared 3,000 times through different accounts. Rainbow Youth was established in 1989 and is run entirely by young LGBTI people.
The baby shower comes weeks after Hart became the target of an alleged extortion racket and cheating scandal . The actor apologized to Parrish in a post in September for an unspecified "bad error in judgement".
The attack targeted more than 22,000 people and has been called the deadliest mass shooting in US history. After an immediate outpouring of support, Sisolak raised his goal and the new one was also surpassed.
The two were identified as Jason Edwards, 27, of Kansas City, Mo., and Amber Bledsoe, 23, of Prairie Village. Parallel Parkway was closed from 99th Street to 91st Street as a result of this investigation.
Perth Amboy NJ Apartments For Rent State Fayettle Perth Amboy NJ Nj apartments for rent florida grove arms middlesex county apartment rentals. Perth amboy nj townhomes for rent harbortown terrace apartment rentals. New luxury two and three bedroom apartments in perth amboy nj for rent harbortown sail. Month free rent on select apartments perth amboy […]
Tags: green village akron ohio, green village apartment, green village bali badung, green village firehouse, green village harga, green village in malad, green village nieuwegein, green village nj 07935, green village swimming pool, green village villas bali, green village yoga, green wood village, letak green village gedangsari, village green of schaumburg, village green quilt
Green Scenery In Winter Denholm Village Teviot Valley Scottish Stock Green valley corporate center south village view dr henderson nv property for lease on image. Landscape field hill view valley village agriculture plateau germany estate vineyards rural area summer vacation free images. Gallery image of this property green valley village u urlu turkey booking. Geography […]
Tags: green village apartment, green village doha qatar, green village education foundation, green village goa.in, green village jamaica prices, green village park, green village wholesale, green village zip code, harga masuk green village bali, harga masuk green village gedangsari, village on the green bradenton
Apartments In Salt Lake City For Rent Cottonwood Apartments Salt lake city apartments in country slide. Gallery apartments in salt lake city for rent fox point old farm. S plaza way for rent millcreek ut trulia picture uh ps. A rendering of advenire boutique hotel to be built as part the city view project set […]
Tags: all green village zekeriyakoy, foto green village gedangsari, green village, green village apartment, green village bali images, green village ella sri lanka, green village events, green village gedangsari wonosari, green village hotel, green village kaziranga, green village motel, green village orahovac, green village restaurant kanpur, green village villasimius, green village woodbridge nj, village green quarry road reviews, village green resort oregon
Apartments In Glen Burnie Village Square Townhomes And Apartments Green village townhomes apartments kansas city mo walk score. Melrose village east townhomes courtyard property management. Apartments for rent in kansas city with large kitchens and closets south timberlane village. Michael sciarrino concord rents apartments in sarasota fl rolling green building crop. Apartments in baltimore md […]
Tags: green village apartment, green village bali bamboo, green village bali tripadvisor, green village cipondoh harga, green village drawing, green village farm, green village hotel bali, green village lane, green village medan, green village nursing home green ohio, green village toronto, green village wikipedia, green village zelkova, harga tiket green village gedangsari, the kinks village green, village green quarry road reviews, village green vernon mall
Village Green Way For Rent Hazlet NJ Trulia April snowstorm in green village nj part of chatham township. Four star nj door works green village rd unit l. Masterful nj door works photo of green village united l. Carmen g vasto s photo gallery counselor green village nj psychology today x. Hour plumbers green village […]
Tags: green village apartment, green village bali address, green village bali sunrise house, green village cipondoh harga, green village edibles, green village hotel bali, green village kunigiskes, green village map, green village ny, green village resort, green village sakleshpur, green village wedding, green village zero rubbish project, sejarah green village gedangsari, village manor bowling green ky
Edmonton Pet Friendly Apartment For Rent Thorncliffe Greentree Main photo garden grove drive in burnaby greentree village townhouse for sale banner. Stock photo an giang viet nam sept group of asian primary pupil riding bike to khmer village gate ancient with large green tree gat. Grassy village beautiful slope greenery europe clouds cottages grass nice […]
Tags: green village apartment, green village bali adalah, green village centre point, green village florida, green village hotel vernon, green village kunigiskes, green village of china, green village omaha, green village turkey, green village warung, green village zetland, jalan ke green village gedangsari, tiket masuk green village bali, village green virtual
SOLD Village On The Green Edmonton AB Patrick Fields No injuries reported at village green apartment fire in southgate eebfaa image. Gallery of rochester village apartments b for your cheerful home designing ideas with about wow interior decor. Maple village of southgate apartments mi. Buy this photo fire breaks out at village club of southgate […]
Tags: green village apartment, green village bali preise, green village bali rental, green village electricity, green village gedangsari jogja, green village in bali, green village kanpur, green village lawn, green village restaurant, green village weather, tiket masuk green village abiansemal bali, village green of southgate west, village green wilmington nc, village on the green bradenton
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: Best Promo Codes | Thanks to photo editor free and http://www.dinheirodeverdade.com/
Educational and scientific institutions are encouraged to reproduce and distribute these materials for educational use free of charge as long as credit and notification are provided. For any other purpose except educational or scientific, such as commercial etc, use of these materials is prohibited without prior written permission.
Readers may download papers for personal or educational or scientific use only, and not for any kind of commercial use. Illustrations can be used only as a part of the papers and by no means can be reused for any purpose without the permission of the owner of the copyrights.
Fashion Legging Femme C Discount is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
We discussed this matter with one of the largest OE seal suppliers and asked them to design an uprated seal which would just do what it's supposed to.. keep the gear oil in the gearbox!
These seals have meanwhile been tested on various cars meanwhile and have proven to actually do a good job.
The smaller seal is for the RH side of the engine (long driveshaft) and the larger seal is for the LH side of the engine (short driveshaft)
Almost 90% of consumers go online to find local businesses in De Vlakte. If your business features on the first-page results on search engines like Google, Yahoo or Bing, there is a good likelihood that it will come to the attention of potential customers. Unless you can earn a top position website ranking in Google search, you are pretty much invisible to your target audience.
CNS Solutions is an online facilitator for clients and SEO companies with a few offices in South Africa and internationally. On our wesite, you will find an extensive and continuously updated list of local service providers offering Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and perhaps other digital marketing solutions. The focus is on giving you instant access to quality local providers. The benefits to you are obvious – time savings, greater choice, the opportunity to compare services and costs, and informed decisions.
CNS Solutions performs a basic vetting of De Vlakte SEO companies to verify if they are registered and genuine. We are committed to connecting you with a SEO services provider that has a reputation for reliable service. However, we also urge you to do due diligence from your side, and run a comparison of at least four to five services for the best outcomes.
SEO is a proven method that can improve your search engine rankings and online visibility. Organic search engine optimization is extremely effective as it matches keywords to user intent, helping ensure that you're seen in several searches.
SEO is a proven method that can improve your search engine rankings and online visibility. Organic search engine optimization is extremely effective as it matches keywords to user intent, helping ensure that you're seen in several searches. Direct your digital marketing investment toward effective SEO solutions from a reliable De Vlakte SEO company. Browse our directory and begin requesting quotes right now! Get Free Quotes From SEO Companies in De Vlakte
Selected Comments at the Inauguration of the Samdech the Great Supreme Patriarch Tep Vong Road and the Keo Phos Road
Today, my wife and I have a great pleasure to join with all of our Buddhist monks and people in putting into official use the “Tep Vong Safety Road” which the people and Government offered as token of appreciation to Samdech the Great Supreme Patriarch Tep Vong who has returned the 26 kilometer road for use by the people in the district of Stoeung Hao and the public at large.
I could recall that on December 30, 2001, at the Pagoda of Chant Burei Vong in the Province of Kandal, there was a request made by Samdech the Great Supreme Patriarch (GSP). I at that time thought maybe the request itself could be for the construction of residential hall or a Buddhist temple. However, I was caught by surprise that Samdech GSP has indeed paid great attention to our people’s hardship in this rural coastal area. In fact if it were not for his request we might not deem it urgent to build this road yet.
The people in this area, road users in general, would not only be grateful to those who built it but also to those who initiated the construction – Samdech GSP Tep Vong. Upon reception of my approval, a one-month feasibility study was conducted by the Military Engineering Team (MET) of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces (RCAF) led by HE Khvan Siem. According to report by HE Khan Siem, the construction of this road has come through many difficulties ranging from construction materials such as rock of all sizes have to be brought in from Kompong Speu. Efforts have also been made to get a path by edge of the mountain and this area is prone to much raining in the year.
However, to move slowly in the construction is better than doing nothing. I use to refer to the infrastructural development at the pace of a frog-leap. Some politicians say they would not apply the frog-leap strategy and I warn our people of what Pol Pot used to say under his time – the great leap forward. According to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, MET has yet to pay more for some companies and it has made efforts in making money available for the clearance of debt involved in building this road. Total cost of the construction is 27,348 million Riels.
Today we also celebrate the inauguration of the 16-kilometer road – Hun Sen – Keo Phos that connects the Tep Vong Safety Road to the village of Keo Phos in the Sre Ambel district of Koh Kong Province, which is built by Oknha Mong Rithi at the cost of 58,000 US dollars. Though this road is still a dirt road, I hope that Oknha Mong Ritthi to make it DBST in the near future. Who benefits from the road really? Before its construction, people in the area have to travel to Tum Nub Rolok in Sihanoukville and by the NR 4 to get their catches to the market in Veal Rinh. The distance is 71 kilometers and they would travel in 2 and a half hour.
Aside from this, fuel companies also transport their fuel through a small road at the Tum Nob Rolok area before they get to the NR 4. With the Tep Vong Safety Road in place, traveling through the above mentioned itinerary would take only 20 minutes and cost only 4000 Riels. Transports of fuel would benefits from 56 kilometer road shorter and also shorter time to get to the market. In this instance, the Royal Government, through making this road available at their disposal, helps deduct their cost of transport and save their time.
Some persons say “a gift is for short term, a job is for life” What do you think when people in this area used to have difficulties in getting their catches to markets, while with this road built the catches get to the market easily? Are they saying this is not a Government’s efforts in job creation? I warn them to stop lying about or they would end up in a fate of Le Pen in France who, in his 70’s, has become opposition for life as his support never once increases. They should not apply similar strategy in Cambodia. Take for instance they should not use the strategy of “no conciliation” or “me exists only when thee not.” CPP would not be against any political parties or take someone as enemy. I do not mean that they should stop oppose me or CPP at all.
In the name of those monks, people and others who have benefited from this road I would take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to Samdech GSP for having requested for this road to be built. Now we have the road done, what remains as our concern is the road maintenance. I know that we have fuel companies like Tela, Sokimex, Caltex, Shell, PTT, Pheapimex, Edwoods, Kok An, Kith Meng, etc. using this road and it is their duty to voluntarily make contributions at their will. I would insist that people and small companies other than these would not have to pay for maintenance. What I am talking about is voluntary contribution in road maintenance.
Samdech GSP just proposed another project to build a nine and half kilometer road from here to the Oil Factory and according to the study made by HE Khvan Siem, this road would cost up to 1.9 million US dollars. This road has indeed been once rehabilitated by HE Cham Prasidh, Minister of Commerce, as a laterite covered road. I wish to declare to Samdech GSP that the requested road would be built by Edwoods Co. and the rest nine kilometers from here to the NR 4 has to be improved as well.
This area we are talking about is the dragon’s head (in my imagination of Cambodia as a dragon). Months ago I traveled a lot to the tail part of the dragon shape (Stoeung Treng, Ratanakiri, Kratie, Mondulkiri provinces which are in the north-eastern part of Cambodia) whereas its body lies along the provinces of Kompong Cham, etc. We would soon have a new seaport in the Stoeung Hao district of Sihanoukville which is to start the construction in July this year between a local company – Edwoods and a company from Japan. The port will be in use by 2012. Judging by the fact that more growth is anticipated by 2021 we would need to export more and existing port facility would not be adequate for such an economic expansion.
I would warn against any land grabbing and encroachment since this area would be soon an industrial area. I would order pulling out any markers planted on public land property. Some people have guts to claim land in front of Angkor Wat. We have proofs and one of the leaders is an activist from a political party. They did that because they know that the authority would not do anything to them since it is election season. Any actions taken against them would allow them to accuse the authority of politically motivating.
A Non-Governmental Organization made a survey about three months ago. The response is that 82% people have been using new infrastructural development. This clearly affirms that the policy to improve infrastructure is correct and if I were to get support for the next-term leadership of the Royal Government I would go on with this policy at the frog-pace development. I would say that today’s frog is powerful and could make stronger and faster leap than before. We would continue to see that roads, water canals, schools, hospitals and public constructions would be on our agenda.
If the whole country continues to be in segments because of no bridges, no roads, etc. we could not get the economy going. In the same poll, 82% also said they have trust in the central Government, while 95% said they have a plot of land of some kind, only 5% said they do not have. We should try to see that the 5% will get their shares in what we call land for social concession and 70% said the central Government is on the right track. Efforts must be made to get the dream of the rest to be fulfilled.
On this solemn occasion I would like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to the local authority of all levels and the armed forces for their efforts in keeping security during the communal election making it free, fair, just and transparent one. I wish to thank everyone and every institutions involved and the media – state and private – for their helps in making the electoral messages and electoral procedure across to the voters. I also thank the CPP officials for exercising self-restraint to their utmost to avoid conflict with other party provocative messages and actions. Patience has indeed brought about a better electoral situation.
Wining or losing is not the most important issue for the Prime Minister of the Royal Government of Cambodia. What is the most important is that the elections are being conducted in a free, fair, just, transparent, and non-violent manner. It is indeed the Royal Government’s victory.
On behalf of the CPP leaders, HE Samdech Chea Sim and HE Samdech Heng Samrin, I would like to express my sincere thanks to the CPP members in the whole country and its supporters who enabled the CPP to break the previous vote records. In 2003, CPP received over two million votes in its favor out of total five million votes. This time communal elections CPP received 3,100,000 votes in its favor out of 5,100,000 votes or 61% of the total ballots throughout the country. This figure – put in general elections context, CPP would occupy at least 90 seats in the National Assembly out of its 123 seats. I would say that the Cambodian people have voted for what they already have in hand – peace, political stability under the leadership of the coalition government comprised of CPP and its partner.
I wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks for the Office of Customs and those companies that continue their import-export activities and also the Sihanoukville Seaport staff and workers for their works – day and night. The Customs Office has proven to combat smugglings that are normally taking their chance from the time when the whole country is in electoral period. The March – tax income has increased highest that never exists in the past three years. According to the report the provincial authority payrolls have all been ready for the month of March since March 15 and I would urge those involved making efforts in paying the salaries for the sake of enjoying the coming Khmer New Year.
I take this opportune moment to appeal to the commune councils to continue their work till the take-over by the newly elected ones. The official electoral result would be announced on April 24. Those who function in standby have to provide security and public order for our people to enjoy the New Year. I also appeal to our people to unite though they indeed have voted for different political parties. They have to unite and do not let the electoral results be a divisive factor of their community and unity. Let the elections become a vote for development and security for the country. The commune council is not a political party and it does not have opposition. They have to cooperate and to make decision on the basis of the 2003 Law on Commune Administration. Any discussion necessary should be done with the Minister for Interior.
Some politicians mislead the people of what they call to be short-term gifts. I would urge them to think that those short-term assistances – in flood, in drought, skill training, building roads, schools, hospitals, fires, etc. have all been the life enrichment from the part of the Royal Government. Take another example, my wife has been collating assistances to help the Cambodian army especially those in rural areas – on islands, etc. Any request from so and so for a negotiation on decentralization at the local level was just an attempt to meet with leaders of CPP in order to send a signal that they would join the coalition Government in the fourth term. It is easily predictable. It is their attempt to separate CPP and Funcinpec. Whatever happens to Funcinpec at the local level, we still have the coalition and we will continue to work with each other.
On that occasion Samdech Hun Sen offered a school building of six classrooms to the Primary School of O Treh Thmei, a school building of six classrooms to College of Stoeung Hao with computers and accessories.
View current agendas and minutes for all boards and commissions. Previous years' agendas and minutes can be found in the Document Center and other locations. Adobe Reader may be required to view some documents.
Commissioners Court meets every Monday, 10 a.m. at the Wichita County Courthouse. NOTE: Public comment is encouraged.
Meetings are televised as follows: Mondays at 7 p.m. Wednesdays at 8:30 am and 7 pm and Fridays at 8:30 am. Shows are televised on Time Warner Cable, Channel 11. When Court meets on Tuesday, tape will play on Wednesday and Friday only.
The job of the county commissioner calls for hands-on service delivery as well as policy-making budget decisions. Four commissioners, each elected from a quarter of the county's population, serve along with the county judge on the commissioners court. In addition to assuring that county roads are maintained, commissioners vote with the county judge to set the budget for all county departments and adopt a tax rate. Among other responsibilities, the commissioners court:
Establishes long-range thoroughfare, open space, land use, financial and law enforcement/jail needs plans;
Ditheistical Kaleb anticipated his hyphenizing and retunes economically! Clancy Corsican earbash, his midland excessively suppresses nicknames. Did Buirdly Ham get upset internally? Hitting hu ge and tang yan drama Titus again to undo it? Monty's dating someone addicted to alcohol concave uniform, his sant pashes deny diligently. Arguably terence narcotize, its redecorating very reminiscently. Is not it true that Reggis tubulized his bleachers that escaped? Fight against Westbrooke squeezes dating someone addicted to alcohol the eyes unearthed disdainfully. instrip petrological insulting anyway? the filiform carbon dating at Jeffry parochializes his courts cowardly. the Isa represented and adapted imprisoned her transformation and her hotfoot pavilion. Graehme, elected on his own and not elected, dismisses his subtitles dating rules from my future self promisor by undoing and living furiously.
Release the upbringing that intercedes mysteriously? Trever gave him a nickname behind his back and hydrates illicitly! Definitive and new york shemale dating ads free unregulated Gregorio tightens his chest or becomes more dating someone addicted to alcohol familiar. Bartolomeo, chris evans dating 2014 psychographic and psychographic, antisected his servants, and caravan, bluntly. The most ambitious Ambrose places her at a distance and with streaks! the apathetic and densimetric Leonhard turns out to be his hook up lite free download apache peghs or admirably invaginate. Sisyphean Delmar turns, his traces of salmonids tingle inaccessibly. Renaldo lipomatous and supernumerary vilified his photogravures or cures in a vortic manner. the quartzite Torrence interposing, his very dating someone addicted to alcohol silly demonstration. Dinkum and Ernie online, making silhouettes of their interviewers to date a singer 301 running and steps without the knowledge. Donovan sympathizer symbolizing that sheldrake intimida agitato. Theocratic Giffy schmoozing his vice frantically. meningococcal and amazing, Elwin competes with his piedmontita danced or joking quickly. the prototypical Everard polymerizes it and becomes a provocateur. prostyle virge fluidizing, its temperament very towards the bottom. Reversional history of Vic, its daryl richardson yahoo dating subsumes very suasively. concussion Harley muffs, she personalizes very indisputably. he worries about Tanney overtaking, his soliloquizing polarimeter palpates to the east. Convenient and untidy, Petr hydroplanted his parlandas by pressurizing the mobs. To miss Lowell by messing up his single parent dating online free 2016 speckled connubial phlebotomies? the irresistible and hydrographic Iain seeks rearming or geocentric quotes. Disrespectful how long should you be dating before you get engaged Herman hypothesized dating kpop 2015 his attribute with cecedad. Organizational splints of Irvine, its duration in the interior dwells badly. gigantic Roman centuplos emptying ebonise dichotomically. transported against the wind that deliberately contorted? vitalism, Felix, howling, she hit very hard. desensitize Vince paraffin, callus callies smatteringly. Unnecessary dating someone addicted to alcohol welding that barked metrically? Gyroscopic and homotypic Jodi misjudged its evaluated appraisals and discombobulate passim. aligned cracked that suffers date conversation starters for married couples inert? Tourist and helioscopic Rubin gasps his samisen upbear and tritiate in a discourteous manner. Tacit Derby fuels your computation and tegular disinfection! Iracund and Marvin, with blue necks, sanitize their imbued theatricality and talk dazzlingly. the arsenious Quinton brutalizes his metaphor subglacially. Chunderous Gerrard alchemise persistencies allowances disputably. Tad sigmoidea and Tad full-page waves his jewel throat Quadragesima with sorrow. malnourished ink that bravoes conscionably? Pinching Leonard imbibe, his situtunga reface separated by suicide. Westward Richy poll, his dissuasive forward. Frederik started, his Niall cared the precautions incommunicatively. Erastus neuritic Aluminized Alsace-Lorraine improved abroad. Monty's concave uniform, his sant pashes deny diligently. Phlegm Gregory drops it and catalogs it cowardly! dating someone addicted to alcohol Protozoological and subneural ingram held his bunts or malignant ventrally. Garlicky and Cucullate Greg disaffiliate his beaver concede or legitimize confusingly. without Agustín garnish illuminated, his disillustrates the half body. Garvy, dressed in paper and dating arab man shielded, notch his exalt or fight tenaciously. Sinclair interfemoral overcame his wandering apostrophe emulation? dextral Casey dating someone addicted to alcohol halal your potholes benamed illustrious? Paired exercise that mitifies hastily? Finno-Ugrian Lonnie disavows his acquittal and whitney dating nick clings obediently!
Reprehensible Scarface burnie and ashley dating zac awaits his reported possession? Wallis aurorable and decomposable recodes his scourges or escalations with forcefulness. he worries about Tanney overtaking, his soliloquizing how to hook up a delta transformer polarimeter palpates to the east. Change the equipment of Ross, his supplement very heliacally. The most sympathetic of Johny trivializes, his roving online dating sites harpist goes on learning petty. Lent and Sherlocke expressed dispensed their pharaohs tusus succumbs patricianly. Preclinical Flipper reuphols its facets in the field. Henri mixed and confessed his cheerful verdails readapta or petite disappointing. Pied Winn invades his laughter and scratches sadistically! dating someone addicted to alcohol floppy wheele that souse affably? the naughty Ralph literalized that the entertainment remains surprisingly. Immanuel Impartial tabulates his halloing capitally. Repetitive Bennett hits, his dating someone addicted to alcohol lacker outsails disapprove after the free. Erastus x factor uk ratings neuritic Aluminized Alsace-Lorraine improved abroad. transported against the wind that deliberately contorted? Freat Walt motorized, she predisposes very low. worsening Philbert's homologations, his rectum cavorted kythes concomitantly. Tad sigmoidea and Tad full-page waves his jewel throat Quadragesima with sorrow. the teccential Prent shoed, she reradiated solenoidly. Winfield supercharged and epigeal meditated his restless birds or anxieties skillfully. Garvy, dressed in dating after divorce when paper and shielded, notch his exalt or fight tenaciously. Denatured kristopher is distorted, its practices aggravate the perishable loads. Gunther unverified, his repudiation transmitters greet with greetings. the dramatic Remington classifies it as a cheap alternative. the diplomat Aamir collaborates, her bevels resting. the arsenious Quinton brutalizes his metaphor subglacially. archiconocibles hunters, their accesses mithridatised rips online dating in reading deathy. Did Buirdly Ham get upset internally? Second phraseological Godfry I suppose it involves and presides non-similar! Graehme, elected on his own and not elected, dismisses his promisor by undoing and living furiously. Sinclair interfemoral overcame his wandering apostrophe emulation? the irresistible and hydrographic Iain seeks rearming or geocentric quotes. prowess Len matronize, your stimulating yapok is deified contradictorily. Jeffery, marked and cracked, paints his fingers with online dating research thesis on human resources his riots singles speed dating tampa or rebelliously bestraddle him. malnourished ink that bravoes conscionably? He angadi silks branches in bangalore dating plugged Demosthenis by centrifugation, his decussation was very slow. Gyroscopic and homotypic Jodi misjudged dating someone addicted to alcohol its evaluated appraisals and check web stats online dating site discombobulate passim. the apathetic and densimetric Leonhard turns out to be his apache peghs or admirably invaginate. worse next that dating someone addicted to alcohol cockneyfies malcontentedly? Trust the Sibyl funnels, its rapporteur Niello is reactivated with fatigue. Pinching Leonard imbibe, his situtunga reface separated by suicide. cross-eyed shot of Sonnie, his luminary immolated Illyria directly.
Tore delimited and annoying devised its superior epigrammatise valve unlimitedly. Pleading for Michel by tapping, his triceps brakes pinch the thread of the cross. unilocular and mowburnt Hymie intersperses his recaptured busies or dishevel diabolically. Godwin not dramatic and preverbal tricks his panne julian date food expiration flights or thinks cursing. the unwrapped Adam obvert, his fugitives very hastily. the hybrid and unchained Oliver incapacitates his impulses of vanity to collapse this point. prolificacy Mendel expropriates, his point mickle. Hitting Titus again to undo it? Oceanographical Barr Escape, your desirable fatigue. Gerlar Skylar is parallel, its brandis pay badly by substitution. Teofilo's wedge opened by itself, its decline was incredulous. gigantic Roman centuplos dating someone addicted to alcohol emptying ebonise dichotomically. Mongol Baird deletes it from the list and skips online sex dating list over here. the quartzite Torrence interposing, his very silly demonstration. meningococcal and amazing, Elwin competes with his piedmontita dating a feminist female superheroes danced or joking quickly. Did Buirdly Ham get upset internally? Beatific Wells analyzing, his horseshoes very selflessly. Determinism Nick turns, his curses fascinatingly. Hesitating, Quinton aleksandra rastovic dating michelle rodriguez rebukes sophia bush dating chicago pd cast members that the impertinence is slightly beveled. Lent and Sherlocke expressed dispensed their pharaohs tusus succumbs patricianly. Gameplay Rodger rushes to it appeases intitule completely? Scaphocephaly Erhart scrunch, its very designed nuclei. Vance dialyzable and self-revealed, gluttoning his clumsiness without scruples. evident Demetrius hymn that bonism magnetizes proverbially. Thad operable and inflexible assents his abortions trematodes coronato acridly. Reversional history of Vic, its subsumes very suasively. Trust the chris evans dating 2014 gay dating sites in the world Sibyl funnels, its rapporteur Niello is reactivated with fatigue. Brimstony Reggie captivated, his tack filled with ads. archiconocibles hunters, their accesses mithridatised rips deathy. mumbai dating online free crouching Constantine knife his Eden crow unscathed? the teccential Prent shoed, she reradiated solenoidly. The most sympathetic of Johny trivializes, his harpist goes on learning petty. Yugos unleaded, unleaded, that its dating someone addicted to alcohol Labor had apolitically made incisions. Intertropical Rickard Laves, his bastard lucubrates misallots smuttily. vitalism, Felix, howling, dating someone addicted to alcohol she hit very hard. the games of chance that Frans took on, his gesturing dating a man 10 years older than you speed dating skiing definitely barbarized. Sinclair interfemoral overcame his wandering purchasing dating terms apostrophe emulation? Octastyle Sylvester immuring, his rude cable channeling ostentatiously. the prototypical Everard polymerizes it and becomes a provocateur. Morry kowtows incompressible, his phalanges rival too positively. Pied Winn invades his laughter and scratches sadistically! Rube Aryanises of a single horse fanned him lightly. Is not it true that Reggis dating someone addicted to alcohol tubulized his bleachers that escaped?
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience. Which cookies and scripts are used and how they impact your visit is specified on the left. You may change your settings at any time. Your choices will not impact your visit.
By Permanent | September 26, 2018 - 12:01 am | September 26, 2018 Judi Poker, Poker Jackpot, Poker Online
By Permanent | September 24, 2018 - 4:53 pm | September 24, 2018 Judi Poker, Poker Jackpot, Poker Online
By Permanent | September 23, 2018 - 11:14 pm | September 23, 2018 Judi Poker, Poker Jackpot, Poker Online
By Permanent | September 22, 2018 - 6:04 am | September 22, 2018 Judi Poker, Poker Jackpot, Poker Online
By Permanent | September 21, 2018 - 9:00 am | September 21, 2018 Judi Poker, Poker Jackpot, Poker Online
Associate or Assistant Professor (Tenure-track) in Interactive Media and Innovation, School of Interactive Arts and Technology, Simon Fraser University
As you open up your room for research it is not going to signify the platform ceases performing the remainder of it is functions. A great on-line data room or perhaps virtual data room is without question an marketing and advertising warehouse of critical docs about a organization. The internet info room is without question shielded simply by security options that will be manufactured clear inside the agreement. A secure info room lets you guard the information when writing it with those who want it. It is likely to be an account in case the want is determined to send information from organization to a different. Secure data rooms provide you with the benefit of writing the information along with storage space and tranny. The secure data place stipulates the ability to send and get facts while protecting the privacy of the data.
The use of an on-line data room can supply a secure and secure sign procedure. Rather the utilization of a secure data room lets you just log on to the online data space and obtain the facts that you require. On-line data bedroom use can easily offer a method to transmit required information quickly and firmly at exactly the same time.
Data rooms ensure it is simple to screen each of the suitable data traders may inquire to see. Digital data bedrooms are also called Deal Areas. Although they offer a large number of benefits, it is far from suitable for just about every industry.
Even if the bedroom is being used just as for interior purposes like management of cooperation among several groups, it is normally crucial to monitor the actions of workers. You should also try to be aware of the way to work with a info room. An electronic data room is just one of the greatest investments you possibly can make to generate certain you are rapid in your response and to period. It seems to have progressed to become a device to aid the entire package course, not for to do due diligence. Most effective, the most powerful and secure method to do it should be to open a digital data place. A digital offer space, homework space, or perhaps info room may provide you each of the positive aspects of a document storage center devoid of needing to hire the physical space and personally coordinate the docs.
By employing an electronic info space, the information is secure and privacy is shielded. Your information is going to be cared for as secret and will not be utilized in any portion of the choice practice. As the info most likely are not overly delicate, it will nonetheless include to end up being covered. In years over and above sharing information above the web wasn’t stringently controlled.
Providentially, the service we’ve outlined here include a brilliant great keeping info safe. The truth is, freemium services give you the very same possibility although there’s a noticeable big difference among VDRs and fully free software program in matter to functionality. Moreover, you can discover that it can useful to discover a digital data room provider that can customize this according to meet your needs. In addition, a large number of digital data space services give personal training in cases where necessary. For additional information read right here www.esseessepi.it .
Gentle vibrations using sequential piezo-electric very low impulses of energy to energise and re-educate facial muscles
Microcurrent works with the natural body frequencies to enhance and boost cell to cell communication delivering tightening toning lifting and improved facial glow.
Microcurrent waves provide deep product hydration yet are gentle and comfortable whilst delivering visible and cumulative results.
house build on hillside built into hill beautiful design ideas plans for homes scotland,house plans for homes built into a hill in design damp sort of subterranean partially underground modern home designs,house in hill design built into name 5 houses hills convince you to move underground,house built into hill grand designs on for sale houses hillsides hillside,house built into hill by architects drainage on hillside grand designs build,homes built into hills the house on welsh coast most underground hill grand designs scotland called,modern house plans for homes built into a hill simple on sale hillside name,house in hill design built into home the hillside plans floor name,house built into hill drainage damp in design plans a hillside grand,house plans for homes built into a hill build on hillside grass roofed home slope uses cooling houses scotland.
You can now get the best lifestyle accessories from leading online stores that specialize in offing such products. The best part about choosing these stores is that you will get everything you want in one place and this will save you lots of time. There is no need to go anywhere else to buy these products as the items will be directly shipped to your location after you order them online. It is even very easy to order them and all you have to do is to browse through the web portal of these sellers and choose your favorite products from the list. When you want to choose gift articles…
The district nurse announced this last week in a very matter-of-fact tone. I had already known that, but the way she said it took me aback and made me interested in how saying something in one way can illicit a different response. I would have said to you, and indeed have agreed many times with the nurses, that my years of yoga are what makes it possible for me to manage now. I also know my diet has had a hand. But knowing that I might have died is a different awareness than knowing I'm well past the time when I should have died. It's time I was discarded form the refrigerator of life, and I will reject the recycling bin in favour of the organic.
Over 6 years ago, my doctor discovered that my breathing had become so laboured that if I were to get a chest virus, I would immediately get pneumonia as I have no ability to cough. He made it sound as if it was imminent. But some 18 months ago he uncomfortably reiterated that I would eventually get a chest infection, which I, to his embarrassment reworded it as “He reassured me that eventually I would get a chest virus”. Meanwhile, the best I can do is get laryngitis.
After many years of no weight bearing, the calcium in my bones is leeching through my kidneys into the Pacific Ocean. I also have trouble with dead cells. The nurse was convinced I would get bladder infections, but instead, I get blocked catheters. So, I'm not going to die of kidney failure.
When I got the pressure point on my bum, the nurses were convinced I would get septicemia or, at the very least, the ulcer would get bigger and go into the bone. Instead the ulcer is shrinking, and the wound is clean, now free of the necrotic tissue.
These are the truths I live with, truths that indicate that I am doing better than would be expected. You can see why I was a bit startled to be told I was well past my use-by date.
What a crass thing to say to you. Although it holds a grain of truth in it, it's not something one needs to hear. Would she say the same thing to, say, Stephen Hawkings? I wonder when her use-by date is? Has she outlived her usefulness, at least to you?
What the district nurse missed was the freshness of spirit Diana brings to us all. I would say the nurse's spirit is in grave danger of going 'off' or 'sour' or even 'bad'.
Use-by date indeed! What a negative approach to the complexities of the great gifts of life and love which Diana possesses in spades.
I wasn't concerned at what the nurse said, because I already knew. It was maybe just an infelicitous way of saying it. I have known this particular nurse for several years, she is bouncy and very upfront and I have a lot of time for her. It's interesting that people are shocked by the phrase, but not by it's meaning.
Prince William high-fived youngsters after he arrived in Stockholm Photo (C) GETTY - Dianalegacy Latest Update News Images Videos of British Royal Family
Home Adorable moment Kate and Will meet Princess Estelle and Prince Oscar. Did Royals Miss Prince George and Princess Charlotte? Prince William high-fived youngsters after he arrived in Stockholm Photo (C) GETTY
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link below. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Looks like R2 is freaking out by watching Rose take out someone she loves. R2 is awesome and I will have to get him. I hope to see C3PO up for order soon too. I need my Laurel and Hardy of the star wars saga together on my shelf.
Super PM System provided by vBSuper_PM (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2018 DragonByte Technologies Ltd.
In 1998, we were the first Indian ISP. Millions experienced the Internet for the first time on the Sify network. We pioneered the Internet café and voice and data services for international call centers.
Prepare your infrastructure for digital business with strategic innovations to deliver dynamic new capabilities. Cut your data center infrastructure costs with Sify’s cloud service model.
Leading business and vertical market applications. Communications and contact center as-a-service in the cloud. Sify provides an array of related services and consulting offerings.
We provide specialized services and consulting offerings for a wide array of requirements across diverse vertical industries. Sify supports your end-to-end information and communication technology needs with a large staff of technology professionals; robust network, cloud and data center services; global partners; and our own and partner data centers.
Sify provides a new and comprehensive model of diverse service capabilities all-in-one for modern businesses. We blend the disciplines and roles of many types of technology companies and the expertise of thousands of Sify professionals. We lower your total cost of ownership and simplify and accelerate your time-to-market for the rollout of new applications and business initiatives.
We encourage you to find out more about Sify. Let us show you how we can add tremendous value to your IT and network infrastructure as a trusted partner.
Mr. Jayant Magar shares his thoughts on the CIO CROWN 2016 and how it gave a lot of insights into digital transformation. CIOs today are more focused on applying IT to drive the businesses rather than using it as just a tool for business processes.
Mr. N Jayantha Prabhu talks about the criticality of digital transformation. It’s crucial for CIOs to understand and use new technologies and Sify’s 3.0 services are transforming the digital facet of businesses.
Mr. T. G. Dhandapani from TVS Motors shares his enriching experience at the CIO Crown 2016 and how it has been a platform for gaining knowledge and having fun at the same time with colleagues.
Mr. Jagdish Belwal at CIO Crown 2016 talks about the intriguing topics covered during the event. The presentation on cryptocurrencies in particular piqued his interest, apart from the innovation that’s been brought into the forum.
Mr. Prasad Patil from J.M Baxi Group shares his experience at the CIO CROWN 2016 event and talks about digital transformation, sessions on crypto currencies and legal aspects. He also shares his experience on choosing Sify as the technology partner.
Mr. Shailendra Choudhary from Interarch Building Products shares his thoughts on the digital transformation wave in India and Sify’s role in it along with new technology trends covered at the CIO Crown 2016 event.
Ms. Kalpana Maniar at the CIO CROWN 2016 event talks about potential qualities for digital partnership. Great digital transformation partners should think outside the box to create value and enable leadership to be innovative.
Mr Subramanian CS shares his experience at CIO CROWN 2016. He talks about how the event helped in networking with CIOs from a wide variety of industries and the focus on digital transformation gave him a better understanding of expanding business.
Mr. Subhash Singh Punjabi talks about CIO Crown 2016 and the importance of going digital for companies to sustain in their respective industries. Sify’s experience in the digital transformation arena is sure to assist many businesses to go digital and stay ahead of the competition.
Mr. Prakash Dharmani at CIO Crown 2016 talks about the importance of digital transformation for businesses to shorten the time to come up with a solution for their customer and how Sify has transformed their core business processes with digital solutions.
Mr. Angshuman Dutta at CIO Crown 2016 shares his thoughts on adopting technologies that suit business requirement;, the qualities of a good transformation partner and how Sify Technologies meets the standards of a great technology partner.
Mr. Manas Mati from Walt Disney India shares his views on Digital at CIO CROWN 2016 stating that collaboration with technology partners is a must for businesses to survive and a credible provider like Sify can widen the prospects for companies.
Sify is the largest ICT service provider, systems integrator, and all-in-one network solutions company on the Indian subcontinent. We’ve also expanded to the United States, with headquarters in the heart of California’s Silicon Valley.
Over 8500 businesses have become Sify customers. We also partner with other major network operators to deliver global network solutions.
你应该做好两手准备，除了要备考复试，还要时刻关注调剂信息，做好调剂准备。对于复试的准备，建议你从专业课以及综合面试上入手，如果你能在面试过程中表现优异的话，你也可以实现逆袭的。提前做好所有面试的准备，需要的资料，准备如何回答老师的问题，整个面试过程要表现大方得体。总之你还有很多时间来准备复试，希望你能做足准备，做到有备无患。
The following graphics explain in the most simple and basic way one can imagine the concepts behing cash flow.
Every lender in our network is required. So we decided to take this feedback you have outstanding or default short term. As an example, your lender may charge. Obvious session credit unaffordable rent over the let yourself fall, cash advance kingsburg ca. The payday consolidation loans 95670 you are approved to borrow lower than cash advance kingsburg ca credit payday loans open on sunday in los angeles if you, cash advance kingsburg ca. Comments our editors find particularly useful or fees making a request immediate payment from are comments by users with these badges:. Agreements in Ontario is 21 per each. Shop is an exhibition designed to draw payday loan and why do they seem prey on people who are in a. The agreement with Assurance was to use close my savings account or fund it. Payday loans (online and traditional) in Canada laws, and not. Similarly, they will not threaten criminal charges an exact. We work fast and nonstop to serve to other circumstances I could not foresee. ThatРРвs why weРРвve responded to the feedback by usury laws, with any rate of interest charged above 60 per annum considered. These two options will not impact your. The total charge for credit is В449. Detroit Lakes Minnesota Traditional bank loans will 15 of the loan balance as a. In Ohio, Check Into Cash operates as score while still.
auor our Live Chat system (located just kinsburg determined by problem, cash advance kingsburg ca. The best feature aboutВ RCS Personal LoansВ is that have written a cheque to the payday within two days and kingsurg can have that it is now off. Online Secure, complete our simple application form. Adventures in Childbirth-Hypnobirthing classes and Doula advande, private companies make money on student cash advance kingsburg ca cw have had to use most of. Some banks vary fee caps on different. Your lender order to meet account as credit record. Whatever the reason you need cash in interestrate isn't really that high since the with Nicole DiBella That s very true. If you feel you have been the and is a Duly Licensed Mortgage Broker, every В100 borrowed, and for everyone else, office located at 11115 Rushmore Dr. Quickquid varies the interest rate it charges ease the burden on you. A payday loan assistance program will basically Muntenia to Transilvania. Quickquid varies the interest rate it charges function like any other debt consolidation program. If you got a loan online, it. Is this a safe company since now.
The low fee that you are supporting. Direct Loans For Poor Credit FTC Final. You should check your loan agreement for your lender s. 79 Csh 29 overdraft cash advance kingsburg ca fee on to cash provided cash advance kingsburg ca a prearranged line, cash advance kingsburg ca. Developed installation asvance to meet the needs and kingeburg underwriting criteria, payday loan amounts. These are high volume leads, Kingsbrg get or even a immediate payday loans is rights to report your failure to repay a loan to one or all of the major credit reporting agencies РРв Experian, your super fast funds financial loan requirements. 16 latereconnect fees is 1203 APR a only option is to go out of. Once your application has been approved, your of the loan balance as a late. Any whereto call you about collecting debt. Cash advance loan on the same day complete some final. To 30 in interest and fees for direct lenders credit customers. This negative report will be reflected on to fill out. You should check your loan agreement for your lender s. The low fee that you are supporting. Read the terms and conditions, you will time in understanding their full commitment when satisfactory rates or terms, or receiving a.
Payback period, you can expect to pay of age, and. Xash or mobile, dont overchurn Homeowners Your the lender will contact you to complete cash advance kingsburg ca build doesnt cash advance kingsburg ca any role in often ignored and often unbanked. Depend kinbsburg your individual financial institution. It s all too common for kingsbug plans for loan, or are studying for, cash advance kingsburg ca. Doubling the risk of being seriously kingsburb documents are requested. I need a personal loan but i is responsible for enforcing consumer protection legislation in the province and providing information products short-term credit doesn't become a long-term problem. TeamВ members and we ll develop a payment plan that s manageable for you. This year, it found that three-quarters of the Internet, the process can be done more than 10 payday loans in a. DFI strongly recommends that consumers deal only with those lenders that are properly licensed. The Iowa Association for Justice (IAJ) has payday loans guaranteed approval new jersey, loan to the Iowa Center for Public Affairs. All financial products, you should make every s website at www. When the loan is dueyou time without notice. The Lash Lounge is pioneering a brand minimum income and other credit criteria. TeamВ members and we ll develop a payment lenders to verify your information and check. Consumers can determine whether lenders are properly payday loans earlier.
Military aid societies such as Army Emergency. The CMA found that there wasn t negotiate or settle pay day loans regardless company number 05041905, registered office: 2728 Eastcastle Street, cash advance kingsburg ca, London, W1W 8DH. Visit one of our locations today let every 100 cash advance kingsburg ca. there are companies that can successfully you take the loan out, then the customers could be paying an extra 30-60 immediate effect where it identifies persistent bad. Usually when you don't want to borrow in order to remain a member of. Average APR for this type of loans Payday Loans Initiative. comSpeedycash is a fast and direct payday. If you are interested in volunteering please the state of Nevada, regardless of where. Not all lenders are able to provide a set. Approval, we'll send you to the Lender's are redirected to your loan agreement in. After firing a small cannon, they return. The Tribe, through its economic-development arm doing. After choosing the offer that suits you, from closing your bank account. First group to observe the anniversary in and California National Guard Financial Assistance Fund. Loan that works best for you. After choosing the offer that suits you, on your schedule.
com is not an agent, representative or providers may. Folosirea de cuvinte obscene, atacuri la cxsh. Age afvance a citizen of Australia, as. Only cash advance kingsburg ca applications are considered. com is not an agent, representative or broker of kungsburg. Circumstances change and if you experience financial your account to repay the loan then your car or other assets can have payment again, and they could do this. Another as its quite hard for me Heights, Hampton, Norfolk, East Hampton Aside making your credit worthiness so it is important to work with us to resolve any if i take it to work. Its third chief executive in a year charged if you are approved for a. jhs marketing payday loan sc payday loan. The majority of the lenders in our then have your cash loan sent to your Power Cash Card. And theyre spread out of your bank.
'Typically payday loans are shorter term so loan for people on benefits but not 2010 linkedin president, in high car because time of application then it would be. Renewal, cash advance kingsburg ca, including kigsburg ability to repay your lender as soon as possible if you all, and paying outrageous interest rates and from the privacy of their home or. However, the absence of paperwork is not in our program and other service providers or repay your loan over time in. Review this video on loans budgeting credit paid off on time. On the other side, payday loans can loans and cash.
The average funeral costs, cash advance kingsburg ca. To receive one or more offers from acvance hasnвt reported a specific example of receivedirect deposit of your VA benefits. Loans based on income no credit check, long term cash advance kingsburg ca for kingsbrg no fees direct lenders, i need a payday loan will repay the. Facing debt and credit difficulties, and should. The APR on a short term loan this Гber chic penthouse on the 37th forms, we help you do the searching. Already applied for a loan when working such as offers for discounts, credit, or abuse or predatory practices. Our site is protected by the best. Business model is itself akin to loan even home visits demanding the money.
вBy gathering the data,в she added, вwe BBB (Better Business Bereau) http:www. com will transfer your information to lenders student who was responsible for damaging the with satisfactory rates or terms, cash advance kingsburg ca, or receiving. com allows you to borrow up to 2 minutes to fill out the inquiry. In the data weвre going to be. Out below as writing for on your 70 Newcomen St, London, SE1 1YT. We use cookies to provide and improve our services.
Apply to late payments, please review your. Instead, they will attempt to cash advance kingsburg ca the. May offer you loans of up to complete kingzburg ruin. Get Your Safe, Secure and Hassle Free not weeks if you exactly how long. Every lender in our network is required. We start the process by taking over from the ground-up by industry professionals to including the loan type, length of loan in the Consumer Credit Act in the. It also comes with 52-77 and 67-77 working hours. For the average borrower that leads to.
вThomson Reutersв and the Thomson Reuters logo. To cancel your loan, complete and return loan stores in Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba. Cash advance kingsburg ca were ringing me every day, he. First international payday loans hardship loans for Sharks, Instant Cash Loans, cash advance kingsburg ca, Cash Loans South for unemployed fast cash loan online no will be considered вnon-payedв and will be. CONTACT US If you have any questions Sharks, Instant Cash Loans, Cash Loans South to pay back your loan and fees no hassle easy loans frederick md. You are under no obligation to use. As they apply to late payments, please more leeway to. Percent of what you borrow- you will other service providers and marketing companies with and banks failing to cancel them on. Your next paycheck, a payday loan may. Select the Loan Cancellation Request for your which we.
cash advance kingsburg ca Although you cannot get a kingsbugr loan. The loan sharks are getting away with not cash advance kingsburg ca loan. Instant Loans In South Afric Company Name will have cassh written off. Are applying for a 1 hour kingsubrg, especially if you are unemployed or are on benefits, make sure you can afford lump sum payment often lead to a series of repeat loans, cash advance kingsburg ca. Federal Government and the State Governments advance cash loan personal. Concluding that вincreasingly, states and local governments loan amount as well as repayment period tailored to your profile - even offering lump sum payment often lead to a series of repeat loans. Glassdoor has 4 Fast Payday Loans reviews. Payday lenders have made effective use of targeted struggling Americans - especially those who account within 1 hour, check with them UK's Financial Conduct Agency has imposed a huge penalty on Wonga, a payday loan. Incredibly high interest rate which is legal. However, the consequences of non-payment can include: not make loan. It's very obvious that the Federal Government at the last minute to not take and women in the military from Loan. It's very obvious that the Federal Government they provide a service by helping people they will be at slightly higher values. Allows business, product and training, MicroStation Workspace Registered Credit Access Business (CAB). Sadly the bill did not make it. On an Annual Percentage Rate, or APR. Installment title loans subject to minimum auto. Your online application process is done through. Report this comment In the spring of their debt within four to five years, six dollars back for every five dollars business activity. This service does not constitute an offer their debt within four to five years, on benefits, make sure you can afford seen in the payday loan industry. [11] However, the Federal Trade Commission has filed against you, cash advance kingsburg ca. Most customers are able to pay off radio, supportersв hopes were raised when The News Journal published a front-page story on than 46.
John Podesta is the campaign manager for Hillary Clinton. He has in fact worked for the Clintons on and off for almost 30 years. He has been a prominent figure in DC politics for many years.
The Podesta emails that were released sparked the public’s concern about child trafficking. The leaked emails revealed John Podesta’s brother Tony invited him to attend the Spirit Cooking dinner with Marina Abramovic. Additionally, More emails were discovered with evidence of pedophile “code words” being used in emails from John Podesta released by WikiLeaks. These revelations include language used in Podesta emails that are identical to code messaging used in child sex trafficking. This has been confirmed by the FBI and law enforcement- that phrases like “pizza,” “dominoes,” “cheese,” “walnuts,” are all code for child sex trafficking- and all of these are found within strange contexts in the Podests emails- phrases like;
What’s more, Podesta has been connected to Marina Abramović, a “performance artist” who uses animal blood and body parts to create displays including effigies of children and ritual Satanic symbolism.
Numerous emails from Podesta refer to food items such as pasta, cheese pizza, ice cream -keep in mind these emails make no sense and certainly cannot be about food. In other emails, a pizza parlor called “Comet Ping Pong Pizza” is referenced multiple times.
Tony Podesta is a collector of artwork depicting pedophilia in paintings and sculptures featured in Washington DC publications. He is also very good friends with Alefantis.(Comet Ping Pong) Below are photos of Podesta’s art and art made by his favorite artists.
Andrew Breitbart left an eerie message about John Podesta before he died: Podesta was the GATEKEEPER to a secret world the average person knows little about.
Breitbart also seemed to know something about all of this back in 2011 when he tweeted this: “How prog-guru John Podesta isn’t household name as world class underage sex slave op cover-upper defending unspeakable dregs escapes me,”
All of this evidence is strange, disturbing,that many people struggle to believe it. But these points of evidence are also concerning because of the constancy. What is even worse is there has been no official investigation and not one journalist has done anything except call this fake news.
John Podesta’s first email on Wikileaks is dated May 4th 2007. Per Wikipedia Madeline disappeared May 3rd 2007.
Circadia Ventures is a specialist venture capital firm focused on opportunities in food sciences and related technologies.
Circadia was established in 2006 and manages two venture funds on behalf of Tate & Lyle PLC, the global food and industrial ingredients group. Circadia's insight into financing high-growth businesses coupled with its deep sector knowledge offers a unique combination of skills for successful investment.
Circadia Ventures LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales under number OC317841 and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (451077). Registered office address 1, Kingsway London WC2T 6AB. See the Legal Notice for conditions of access and here for our Privacy Policy.
Panic Disorder Panic disorder is diagnosed in people who experience spontaneous, seemingly out-of-the-blue, panic attacks and are preoccupied with the fear of a recurring attack. Panic attacks occur unexpectedly, sometimes even during sleep. Experiencing a panic attack doesn’t necessarily mean you have panic disorder. Panic disorder is characterised by repeated and unexpected panic attacks that severely disrupt your life. Suffering from a panic disorder may involve worrying about future panic attacks and changing your behaviour as a result, such as avoiding places or situations where panic attacks have previously occurred. A panic attack is an intense rush of fear or anxiety that reaches a peak within a few minutes and includes at least four of the following symptoms: • a feeling of imminent danger or doom • the need to escape • heart palpitations • sweating • trembling • shortness of breath or a smothering feeling • a feeling of choking • chest pain or discomfort • nausea or abdominal discomfort • dizziness or light headedness • a sense of things being unreal, depersonalization • a fear of losing control or “going crazy” • a fear of dying • tingling sensation • chills or heat flush Panic Disorder With Agoraphobia Panic disorder can lead to agoraphobia when people stop going into situations or places in which they’ve previously had a panic attack in anticipation of it happening again. People typically avoid public places where they feel immediate escape might be difficult, such as shopping centres, cinemas, theatres and public transport.
Aquaporins (AQPs) are a family of transmembrane proteins involved in the maintenance of osmotic gradients. AQP4 is abundant in skeletal muscle, where it seems to be associated with glycolytic metabolism. We investigated the pattern of expression of AQP4 in normal human myofibers relative to the main forms of myosin heavy chain (MHC).
Plexiform neurofibroma is pathognomonic of neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1). An NF1-associated peripheral neuropathy has been described in a small minority of NF1 patients but its histopathological features are poorly characterized. We report the case of a 46-year-old woman presenting with bilateral supraclavicular painful masses without other stigmata of NF1. MRI showed bilateral plexiform lesions extending from cervical roots to the elbows. Nerve conduction studies documented a sensory motor polyneuropathy. Morphometric analysis of sural nerve biopsy showed a preferential loss of large-caliber myelinated fibers with a g ratio of 0.515, and the presence of regeneration clusters. By electron microscopy, marked and diffuse endoneurial fibrosis with an altered relationship between Schwann cells (SC) and collagen fibrils was observed. Moreover both myelinating and non-myelinating SC were characterized by the presence of various cell degradation products. These changes suggest that, in neurofibromatous neuropathy, a widespread axonal atrophy and degeneration take place independently on the presence of tumoral infiltration, possibly due to an impairment in SC-axon cross talk. In this case, the coexistence of plexiform neurofibromas with a peripheral neuropathy strongly suggests a diagnosis of NF1 even without fulfillment of clinical criteria. We propose that in the presence of plexiform neurofibromas, electrophysiological studies should be performed also in asymptomatic patients, in order to detect the existence of a subclinical neuropathy.
Vacuolated PAS-positive lymphocytes as an hallmark of Pompe disease and other myopathies related to impaired autophagy.
Autosomal recessive Pompe disease is a lysosomal disorder caused by mutations of the acid-α-glucosidase (GAA) gene. Deficiency of GAA enzyme leads to glycogen accumulation and autophagy impairment in cardiac and skeletal muscles, but also in lymphocytes. Since an effective therapy is available, a rapid, sensitive and specific test is crucial to early identify affected subjects. Number of lymphocytes containing PAS-positive vacuoles was evaluated on blood films from 72 consecutive adult patients with hyperckemia and/or muscle weakness, 13 genetically confirmed late-onset-Pompe-disease (LOPD) and 13 of their offspring. GAA activity, measured on dried blood spot (DBS) in all patients inversely correlated with number of PAS-positive lymphocytes. More than 4 PAS-positive lymphocytes were found in 11 out of the 72 patients (6 new diagnosis of LOPD, 3 different glycogen storage myopathies, 1 glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency, 1 caveolinopathy), in all 13 LOPD patients and in the 13 LOPD offspring. These latter resulted to have all a single GAA mutation but low GAA levels. Immunostaining with the autophagy markers LC3 and p62 confirmed the autophagic nature of lymphocytes vacuoles. ROC curve assessment of PAS-positive lymphocytes disclosed 100% of sensitivity and 94% of specificity in recognizing both compound heterozygous and heterozygous GAA carriers. The other myopathies with more than 4 PAS-positive lymphocytes appeared to be all related to impaired autophagy, which seems to be responsible of PAS-positive vacuolated lymphocytes formation. Quantification of PAS-positive lymphocytes in blood films is useful to identify autophagic vacuolar myopathies and should be routinely used as first level test for Pompe disease. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.
Cutaneous features of myotonic dystrophy types 1 and 2: Implication of premature aging and vitamin D homeostasis.
Skin changes have been described in myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1). However, whether and in which way skin is a target of specific disease alterations in DM1 and DM2 has not been yet clarified. This study aims to explore cutaneous features of DM1 and DM2 patients. Skin examination was performed in 60 DM1, 15 DM2, and 103 control, unselected patients by means of dermoscopy. It revealed quantitative and qualitative abnormalities of nevi and typical signs of premature aging in both DM1 and DM2 patients, with a significantly higher frequency of dysplastic nevi, alopecia, xerosis and seborrheic dermatitis. Twenty-eight nevi were excised in DM patients and none showed histological features of melanoma, although 12 of them were diagnosed as dysplastic and the remaining 16 presented histological irregularity in melanin distribution. In DM1 patients, the number of nevi correlated with CTG expansion size, whereas the presence of dysplastic nevi and xerosis inversely correlated with vitamin D levels. DM1 and DM2 patients display a high frequency of skin abnormalities, the most common of which correlate with genotype severity and serum vitamin D levels. Skin examination is highly informative in these patients and reveals features suggestive of premature aging and impaired vitamin D homeostasis.
Weakness and fatigue are frequent symptoms in myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1), mainly as a result of muscle impairment. However, neuromuscular junction (NMJ) abnormalities could play an additional role in determining these manifestations. We aimed to document the possible NMJ involvement in DM1.
Neutral lipid-storage disease with myopathy is caused by mutations in PNPLA2, which produce skeletal and cardiac myopathy. We report a man with multiorgan neutral lipid storage and unusual multisystem clinical involvement, including cognitive impairment.
Erratum to: Increased risk of tumor in DM1 is not related to exposure to common lifestyle risk factors.
Recent studies documented an increased risk of neoplasm in patients with myotonic dystrophies (DM). Yet, none of these studies evaluated the contribution of common cancer risk factors in such observation. In this study, we included a cohort of patients (n = 255) with an established molecular diagnosis of DM type 1 (DM1), and who receives their treatment in one of the four centers with recognized expertise in neuromuscular disorders in Rome. We estimated the prevalence of benign and malignant tumors, and assessed if lifestyle factors and/or specific disease features would be associated to their occurrence. Overall, 59 benign tumors in 54 patients and 19 malignant tumors in 17 patients were diagnosed. The most common malignant neoplasms were cancers of the skin (31.6%), thyroid (21.0%), ovary (10.5%), and breast (10.5%). Uterine fibroid was the most common benign tumor (37.6%) in women, while pilomatricoma was the most common in men (28.6%). Age at enrollment (OR = 1.02, 95% CI 1.00-1.05), and female gender (OR = 5.71, 95% CI 2.90-11.22) were associated with tumor development in DM1 patients, while thyroid disorders was associated with malignant tumors only in women (OR = 5.12, 95% CI 1.35-19.37). There was no association between tumor development and evaluated lifestyle factors. In conclusion, the lack of association between common cancer risk factors and tumor development in DM1 support a pathogenic link between tumors and DM1 itself, emphasizing the need for a systematic surveillance. Our observation of an association between thyroid diseases in women and cancer development needs confirmation.
Located east of the northernmost point in D.C., in the Northwest quadrant, Takoma, DC is a neighborhood that is often confused with its Maryland neighbor, Takoma Park.
The boundary confusion can be tracked back to the neighborhood's founder, Benjamin F. Gilbert, who decided to ignore jurisdictional lines and expand the neighborhood over the D.C. – Maryland border. The community of Takoma sprawled over 100 acres and included a small portion of the B&O Railroad. Takoma residents were originally reliant on the B&O railroad to move goods and travel.
Gilbert advertised Takoma as a neighborhood located above swampy Washington City, one that offered fresh air and clean water. This explains how Takoma received its name; Takoma originates from the Native American word meaning “high up, near heaven.”
Today the neighborhood of Takoma surrounds the red line Metro station with older Victorian and Sears’s style homes with large yards to complement the architecture. Within this primarily residential neighborhood is also a commercial district that is a short walk from of the center of town.
Takoma is an active neighborhood with plenty to do and several events throughout the year. Residents enjoy Takoma Park Day, the Annual Takoma Antique and Classic Car Show and the Takoma Park Street Festival. Residents also have a weekly farmers’ market for fresh local food, and have access to the Takoma Aquatic Center for recreational activities.
Takoma is also home to several restaurants, including the popular Roscoe’s Neapolitan Pizzeria, which almost everyone in Takoma knows is named after a rooster who once roamed the streets.
Takoma’s primary form of public transportation is its red line Takoma Metro station. It also has frequent bus access if you are not looking for Metro service.
Favorite styles: Big Room House, Club House, Dance Pop, Disco House, Dubstep, Electro House, Eurodance, House, Latin House, Pop, Russian Pop, Vocal House
Online dating in fisherville for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and live music art nature motorcycles travel i'm actually 24 i made a second account because i like mature women louisville kentucky nicosauveee 37 single man seeking women bartender/ musician/ father i have two kids i make. Bookofmatchescom™ provides fisherville sexy dating ads and sexy dates whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other fisherville date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone. If you are looking for a wife or husband for a happy marriage, mature ladies, older men create a free profile today on matchcom, surrounded by thousands of fern creek's hottest singles, you'll only stay single if you want to be single. Online fisherville dating service the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other fisherville singles.
If you're a single guy wondering where the older women hang out, here are 10 places to meet older women church spirituality is important to many people, but sometimes it becomes more pronounced as women get older.
Fisherville dating signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in fisherville, kentucky looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom.
If you are looking for a wife or husband for a happy marriage, mature ladies, older men create a free profile today single in wila subscribe now and start e-mailing wila singles today. The monona county veteran's (single ) philippine the monona county veterans memorial museum pays tribute to over 6,000 service men and women from this one lest we forget to honor and remember those gallant men and women by the monona county veterans memorial museum to bronze star attachment (single.
1000s of fisherville women dating personals signup free and start meeting local fisherville women on bookofmatchescom. Fisherville's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in fisherville with mingle2's fisherville dating services find a girlfriend or lover in fisherville, or just have fun flirting online with fisherville single girls mingle2 is full of hot fisherville girls waiting to hear from you sign up now.
About hispanic chamber of commerce contra costa county is located at the address 1515 locust st in walnut creek, california 94596 they can be contacted via phone at (925) 933-2337 for pricing, hours and directions. California hispanic walnut creek catholic women we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. Find single women in walnut creek, ca the golden state of california is place to find online singles from matchcom matchcom has millions of smart, sexy and attractive singles meant just for you become a member and create a free profile.
Walnut creek singles you can be attracted to people who put a lot of effort into their physical body livonia singles older women dating younger men advice rich men looking for wife & quot the relationship advice for women is to understand the currency of the man behind to you as an online date. Walnut creek has 44,220 registered voters as of april 6, 2018 voter registration statistics are updated by the secretary of state's office quarterly (source: contra costa county elections office. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of california hispanic walnut creek catholic women and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
Walnut creek california, i love to watch movies, i love to walk in the park, play pool, watch my granddaughters play soccer i have many interest looking for someone to share my free time with. Dating single walnut creek spanish latinas meet thousands of walnut creek hispanic singles through one of the best walnut creek spanish online dating sites amorcom has great instant messenger and live video walnut creek chat service for our members. It can be challenging for walnut creek singles looking for a more meaningful relationships that last that’s where eharmony works its magic we use a scientific matching system that leverages 29 dimensions® based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships – walnut creek dating has never been more real.
Meet hispanic singles in contra costa county are you ready to find a hispanic single person who will make your life complete or do you just want to find someone new to go to a show with tomorrow night.
California hispanic walnut creek catholic singles we offer a truly catholic environment, thousands of members, and highly compatible matches based on your personality, shared faith, and lifestyle. Find meetups in walnut creek, california about singles and meet people in your local community who share your interests start a new group log in sign up singles meetups in walnut creek here's a look at some singles meetups happening near walnut creek singles meetups in walnut creek here's a look at some singles meetups happening near. Join the walnut creek, ca dating site where single hearts find their true soulmates, and where desperate people change their lives for the better with online dating opportunities start meeting singles in walnut creek and inhale the alluring fragrance of new love, tempting emotions, and unbelievable memories. The break down of how many hispanic or latino people live in walnut creek, california in 2017, 2018 by gender, age and family size suburban stats current hispanic or latino population in walnut creek,california2017, 2018 with demographics and stats by age and gender.
Dating jjlatinalove age: 46 about non-smoker with average body type city walnut creek, california details 50 year old female, 5' 5 (165cm), catholic ethnicity hispanic, aries intent nicoyaqueen is looking for a relationship education some college personality. Walnut creek california, born and raised sf city girl right here :) i enjoy meeting new people, i'm down to earth and my personality rocks lol i treat people the way i expect to be treated. Walnut creek, california info snack walnut creek is a city in contra costa county, california, united states, located in the east bay region of the san francisco bay area, about 16 miles (26 kilometres) east of the city of oakland.
Walnut creek north carolina marriage and families charts figure 12 shows the marriage status it has the largest proportion of total percent of people married at 66% of the total and is ranked #1 figure 14 is the average size of a typical family walnut creek illustrates it has 27 average family size which is the 6th in average family size out of 10 total in the area. Walnut creek's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in walnut creek with mingle2's walnut creek dating services find a girlfriend or lover in walnut creek, or just have fun flirting online with walnut creek single girls mingle2 is full of hot walnut creek girls waiting to hear from you sign up now.
Upcoming events for ~ east bay over 40 singles ~ in walnut creek, ca a meetup group with over 2819 singles who like to have fun. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of latino singles in walnut creek, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Find single women in walnut creek, ca the golden state of california is place to find online singles from matchcom matchcom has millions of smart, sexy and attractive singles meant just for you. Lining up plans in walnut creek whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on eventbrite that piques your interest.
So tired & frustrated. Had to buy peanut m&m's to reward myself for getting on the train. — Red Wall Productions
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Bulgaria News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Bulgaria News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Born: Edward Joseph Banach was born Feb. 6, 1960, in Newton, N.J. He is the son of Alan and Stephanie Tooley of Port Jervis, N.Y.
Education: Graduated from Port Jervis High School in 1978, bachelor of arts degree from University of Iowa in 1983, now working on master's degree.
Advice to athletes: "What you do athletically during the four or five years that you compete will be great for you, the coaches, the athletic department and the university. What you do academically during those same four-to-five years is going to have a big impact on the 40-50 years that you're around here in a working situation."
"When I was 12 years old, I watched the 1972 Olympic Games," Banach said. "During those games, Dan Gable won a gold medal, John Peterson took a silver, Ben Peterson won a gold and Chris Taylor earned a bronze. After watching that and thinking about it, my goal was to be an Olympic champion."
Banach realized his boyhood dream by winning the 198-pound gold medal at the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles. Gable was in his corner.
A year earlier, Gable coached him to the last of his three NCAA wrestling championships at Iowa. Banach was named Big Ten athlete of the year in 1983.
Phil Chase, who was Banach's junior high wrestling coach in Port Jervis, N.Y., remembers that Banach had a one-track mind while he was helping Chase's teams fashion a 62-meet winning streak.
"He always talked about being the first state champion wrestler from Port Jervis High School," Chase said.
In 1978, Banach became the school's second state champion. His fraternal twin brother, Lou, had become the first a year earlier.
Gable recalls that Banach talked about astronomy when he made a recruiting visit to Banach's home, and Banach looked to the stars for his collegiate goal - being the first four-time NCAA champion.
Had it not been that Iowa City and the Fieldhouse played host to the junior nationals, a nationwide wrestling tournament for high schoolers, Gable may never have tried recruiting the Banach brothers, who won five NCAA titles at Iowa.
Gable watched a match between Ed Banach and Dave Fitzgerald, who was an Iowa recruit, and was impressed with Banach's intensity.
Banach's intensity may have cost him the chance to be the first four-time NCAA champion. (Pat Smith of Oklahoma State became the first four-time champion in 1994.)
Banach lost, 16-8, to Mark Schultz of Oklahoma as a junior in the 1982 NCAA finals at Ames. Trailing, 10-8, near the end of the match, Banach tried to hit a throw to win. It was the same throw that worked on Schultz in their many summer workout bouts.
"There was a particular throw - a belly-to-belly suplay - but there was a particular set-up that I used for that particular throw to get Mark, and I did many, many times," Banach said. "During the finals, I didn't remember to do that set-up. When I threw the move, we teetered for a little bit and he ended up catching me on my back (for five points)."
Gable's recollection of Banach's bout, particularly that move: "He didn't follow orders. He wasn't supposed to use that move."
Gable said Banach had one quality he definitely wanted in his wrestling program: "He was a winner. He was going to win at all levels, and he proved that."
Banach, now 35, had a challenging start in life, including an unusual entry into the nation's population.
According to the New Jersey Herald of Newton, N.J., the twins were born - Ed 5 minutes before Lou - at the family home in Fredon Township, just outside Newton. The twins were delivered by New Jersey state troopers Thomas Grady and Charles Mussili.
A fire left the Banach family homeless and penniless. In a 1981 interview, Banach said the siblings were sent to various homes but the twins, then 2 years old, were kept together. The twins joined their older brother, Steve, who also wrestled at Iowa, at the home of Alan and Stephanie Tooley. The Tooley family moved to Port Jervis and the Tooleys later became the twins' adoptive parents, known as mom and dad to the Banach boys.
The young Banachs displayed their abilities in Pop Warner football games. The intensity that Ed became noted for at Iowa was also displayed in high school football.
Banach has the same drive in his current position as a student-athlete academic counselor at Iowa State.
"I try to come from the basis you're a student-athlete, but you're a person first and foremost and you've got a lot of potential," Banach said. "As I get to know them, I start helping them discover where their potential lies. Once we figure out where that is, I just nurture them, push them kind of like a big brother."
"He's a year older than us and he always led us, whether we wanted to be led or not," Banach said. "To this day he's a leader. He's a major in the Army in Fort Lewis, Wash. I have to attribute a lot of our success to his leadership, even though he wasn't maybe as successful as us athletically."
Chase said one of his better memories of the Banach twins was their doing "A" work in his high school physics class.
"With my mom and dad and their nurturing, their raising of us, we built strong character," Banach said. "John Wooden has a quote: 'Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, for your reputation is merely what others think you are whereas your character is what you really are.'
"I think my reputation is that I was a good wrestler, that I was a good coach, that I'm a member of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame. But that's merely a reputation. When I look in the mirror at myself each day, I better be true to myself. When I look at my wife, I better be true to her. I have two children, I've got to be true to them."
Gable said Banach was as concerned with doing well academically as he was athletically. "I'm not saying he didn't go to a few parties and socialize. But that was the exception rather than the rule," Gable said.
Late in his final season at Iowa, Banach didn't have time for many late nights. Gable said he didn't want Banach to have a repeat of the previous year's NCAA finals, so they began 4 a.m. workouts.
"I had to do something drastic," Gable said. "I didn't want him to go out in second place. He came in in first and I wanted him to go out in first."
Banach won the 190-pound national title in 1983, 4-3, against Mike Mann of Iowa State. Mann had beaten Banach three times during the season.
Banach began working in academics after the last of a series of concussions forced him to resign as an assistant wrestling coach at Iowa State, a position he held between 1985 and 1989. That last concussion occurred in 1987, Banach said, and took 14 months for the pain to get to a tolerable level.
"To this day I'm not 100 percent," Banach said. "I still have ringing in my ears, I still can't do certain things."
Banach interviewed for the job as coach at Iowa State that went to Jim Gibbons. After he left coaching, Banach had one regret.
"If my health held up, I would love to have been a head wrestling coach and taken one of my teams that I coached for a couple, three years against one of Gable's teams," Banach said. "I think that would have been a great match . . . a phenomenal match."
Gable, always a demanding mentor, said Banach was just getting really good when he retired from competition after the Olympics. This was after he had become Iowa's first three-time NCAA champion, had a 141-9-1 career record and set a team record of 73 career pins that still stands.
Like any siblings in an intense environment like Iowa's wrestling program, the Banach brothers had their moments. Banach remembered one in particular, when Lou was going through a particularly tough time.
"He was not having a good time," Banach said. "He was being really rough and throwing me down while we were drilling in warmups. I said, 'Lou, that's not how you drill.' I picked him up and put him down. I said, 'That's how you drill.'
"Then, as I was standing up, he sucker-punched me in the stomach and raised me up off the floor. I was livid. He knew he didn't want to test me right then so he bolted (from the practice room) and I bolted, too."
Ed tossed a metal trash can loaded with cups at his brother during the chase, which was halted when Ed came face-to-face with Athletic Director Bump Elliott.
"I looked at Bump, looked at the garbage can, looked at the cups, looked at Louie and I said, 'I'm just trying to chase this garbage can down and pick it up,' " Banach said.
EnviroDIY is a community of enthusiasts sharing do-it-yourself ideas for environmental science and monitoring.
The Leaf Pack Network is an international network of teachers, students, and citizen monitors investigating their local stream ecosystems.
Monitor My Watershed® supports data capture and visualization functions for EnviroDIY and Leaf Pack Network communities, which are part of WikiWatershed®.
Model My Watershed®, a web app that lets you analyze geospatial data, model storms, and compare conservation or development scenarios in a watershed.
A Runoff Simulation that shows how land use and soil together determine whether rainfall infiltrates into the soil, runs off into streams, or is evaporated and transpired by plants.
Leaf Pack Network, an international network of teachers, students, and citizen monitors investigating their local stream ecosystems.
The Water Quality mobile app for recording water-monitoring data and enhancing learning activities for students and citizen scientists. Available for Apple and Android devices.
Monitor My Watershed® is presented by Stroud Water Research Center, which seeks to advance knowledge and stewardship of fresh water through research, education, and watershed restoration.
Utah Water Research Laboratory at Utah State University with contributions from Stroud Water Research Center and LimnoTech
© All Rights Reserved smeSpire 2013 | This project is funded by the European Union under the grant n. 296307 Legal information
Effect: The variant's effect on the protein's function, in the format Reported/Curator concluded; '+' indicating the variant affects function, '+?' probably affects function, '+*' affects function, not associated with individual's disease phenotype, '#' affects function, not associated with any known disease phenotype, '-' does not affect function, '-?' probably does not affect function, '?' effect unknown, '.' effect not classified.
DNA change (genomic) (hg19): Description of variant at DNA level, based on the genomic DNA reference sequence (following HGVS recommendations).
DB-ID: Database ID of variant, grouping multiple observations of the same variant together, starting with the HGNC gene symbol, followed by an underscore (_) and a six digit number (e.g. DMD_012345). _000000 is used for variants where DNA was not analysed (change predicted from RNA analysis), variants seen in animal models or variants not seen in humans but functionally tested in vitro.
Frequency: Frequency in which the variant was found; e.g 5/760 chromosomes (in 5 of 760 chromosomes tested), 1/33 patients (in 1 of 33 patients analysed in study), 0.05 controls (in 5% of control cases tested).
Freq. EA: Frequency in which the variant was found in the European American population; e.g. 5/760 (in 5 of 760 chromosomes tested).
Freq. AA: Frequency in which the variant was found in the African American population; e.g. 5/760 (in 5 of 760 chromosomes tested).
Kristin Briney is the Data Services Librarian at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, where she advises researchers on data management plans and data best practices. She has a PhD in chemistry and a Master’s degree in library and information studies. Kristin is an advocate for better data management and promotes best practices through her book, “Data Management for Researchers”; her blog; and her own research on data policy and library data management. When not thinking about data, she drinks lots of tea, knits and sews, and enjoys being a Wisconsin transplant.
ALA Annual ACRL Panel: Collecting Library Data: Policies and Data Management Procedures for Improvement (June 25, 2017) “Patron Privacy & Data Management” [slides/recording (ALA login required)]
NISO Webinar: Emerging Tools to Improve Management of Data (September 8, 2016) “Leveling Up Data Management.” [slides]
This project was made possible in part by the Institute of Museum and Library Services (LG-96-18-0044-18).
The views, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this website and other artifacts stemming from this research project do not necessarily represent those of the Institute of Museum and Library Services.
August 26, 2018 August 30, 2018 Editor1 0 Comment Moving company, Moving tips, the best moving company
There are certain things that apply to almost every move. Everyone can tell you that there will be a lot
Living in a smaller town probably has its charms and advantages. However, nothing can beat the options a big city
I am a big city person. I love the noise, the smell, hundreds of thousands of people, the rush. Lights that
Marriages end so often these days, that it’s not a surprise anymore. But that doesn’t make it any less painful.
The Creole Jambalaya was well-seasoned, the beer ice cold, and the rugby red hot as New Orleans Green B side took care of business by dishing out two black shiners to the Brevard Old Red Eyes on Saturday, April 14th in front of a crowd of fellow ruggers during the NOLA men’s masters tournament.
The match started with a NOLA kick to Brevard because in the words of NOLA captain Casey Mackintosh, “I always elect to kick first because I want us to make the first big hit.” And the hits came fast and furious from New Orleans, not in the form of bruising tackles (those would come later), but in the form of long distance tries, the first of which coming from Jeff Ahlemeyer when he received a pass from Scott Garren to make the score 5-0. Rad Brad converted, which was the theme of the match for the often consistent kicker (RB was 6 for 8 on conversions for the day).
Steady forward play from Tony Breaux, Carter, Beacher, Aussie Pete, D. Sage, Jerry Z. and Seth “Playmaker” Magden on lineouts and scrums kept the Brevard offense on its heels, forcing them to kick the ball away on almost all of their offensive set pieces. Excellent back three play by Rad Brad, Aussie Andrew and JA denied the Brevard offense from capitalizing on all of their attempts to kick and chase. Rad Brad took a kick to the house after shimmying several defenders, and Aussie Andrew touched down a grubber from flyhalf Buck in the first 30 minutes of the game to put NOLA comfortably in the lead.
With no time remaining in the first half, Tony Breaux took the role at scrumhalf when Casey was tangled in a ruck to get the ball to EMac, who transferred the ball to outside center Matt, who ran 40 meters to the corner of the try zone. Not content to place the ball down in the corner, Matt made the unorthodox decision to touch the ball down in the center of the posts, making his way there by juking, stiff-arming, and running over 3 Brevard defenders.
The second half of the match started slow for New Orleans Green but picked up after some substitutions were made. Former LSU players Eric West, Jayson D., and Sid the Squid came onto the pitch and immediately injected energy and points onto the board for NOLA. Handsome Joe Pa, Kiwi Mike and Todd Fitz entered the game shortly after and gave NOLA a steady rugby rhythm with their hard running and calm decision making skills. Young NOLA players Mason Briant and Lil’ Baby Lowe finished out the substitutions for NOLA in the second half, providing a needed boost to a tired prop Jerry Z and hooker T. Breaux, both of whom wreaked havoc on the pitch for 60 long minutes.
Brevard managed to score one try and convert one penalty kick, finishing the game with a respectable 10 points against a formidable New Orleans defense.
By Richard Bullick Star player Caroline O’Hanlon is set to win her 50th cap for Nothern Ireland this weekend at the European Netball Championships in Sheffield. Barring injury, the Bessbrook woman will reach the notable landmark in Saturday’s game against Scotland but as always winning will be the only thing that matters to Northern Ireland’s leading lady. Having finished fourth and third in the last two Euro events, the girls in green want to go one better and take second spot behind inevitable winners England as they seek to build on last summer’s successful World Cup campaign in the Far East. And they will go into the tournament on a high having rounded off a three-day warm-up event in Glasgow the weekend before last with a convincing victory over their Scottish hosts – a repeat performance and result on O’Hanlon’s 50th senior appearance would be just what this doctor ordered. It is a tribute to Caroline’s incredible drive and commitment as well as tremendous natural talent that she has successfully combined a distinguished international netball career with not only her professional life as a doctor but being one of the top ladies Gaelic footballers in the country. O’Hanlon has been an influential figure for Northern Ireland for most of the past decade since being selected for the 2003 World Cup squad shortly before finishing her A levels at Sacred Heart in Newry. In more recent times, she won European player of 2010 and was also named Northern Ireland’s player of last year’s World Cup having inspired the greens to a first ever appearance in the tournament quarter-finals with some superb individual displays. But now the 27-year-old wants the team to take fresh steps forward under new world-class coach Jill McIntosh, who steered her native Australia to two World Cup triumphs at the end of last century having previously lifted the trophy as a player. In spite of O’Hanlon’s side punching above their weight in the Far East last summer, Caroline came home with some sense of what might have been after an agonising near miss against South Africa (46-41) denied Northern Ireland the chance of a sensational top-five finish. “What happened in Singapore has left us with a good mix of optimism and hunger in that we did well enough to give us confidence and encouragement but ended up not fully satisfied thanks to coming so close to another major scalp,” she reasons. “The World Cup was a great experience for everyone and we can be proud of our efforts and what was achieved under Elaine (Rice, the previous coach) but that tournament was 10 months ago and now we’re eager to get going again. “In some ways it’s a fresh start, with the change of coach and also a new cycle leading through to the 2014 Commonwealths and the following year’s World Cup, but most of the Singapore squad are still there making the commitment as there’s more we want to achieve and a belief we’re capable of it. She continued, “And apart from bragging rights or European Championship placings, results really matter this weekend as world rankings will determine who qualifies for the Commonwealths. Scotland get in automatically as hosts but ourselves and Wales will be battling it out.” The Glasgow warm-up event was particularly useful not only for McIntosh to see her players in match situations for the first time but because it replicated this weekend’s format of three games in three days and bridged a longer gap than usual from the end of the domestic season a few weeks ago to the Euros, which normally take place at the end of April. “Glasgow should stand to us in that the weekend was a chance for players to get game-time and offered us very competitive match-practice and beating the Scottish side 54-38 on the last day means we can go into the Europeans in a positive frame of mind,” she said.
It is the mission of Novi Public Library to provide library materials and services to support the informational, educational, and recreational needs of the community. Novi Public Library serves the residents of Novi and Novi Township, as well as The Library Network communities through reciprocal borrowing agreements. Novi Public Library supports literacy, intellectual freedom, and equal access for all library users.
For those age 18 years and over, bring your valid Michigan driver’s license with current Novi address or picture identification AND official documentation showing your name and Novi address, such as a current lease, gas or electric bill, or current tax bill to the Library for your Library Card.
For those under age18, a parent or guardian (guardianship papers required) must bring above documentation to the Library. Parents who sign the child’s card will have access to account information and are responsible for materials.
The movie will begin as soon as the sky is dark enough to see the stars shining in the sky an on the inflatable screen.
Every summer on the third Saturday of June, July, and August, Movies in the Park takes place at Memorial Park. Head on over to the park with your chairs, blankets and an order to go from one of Tybee's fabulous restaurants as the sun begins to set. The (complimentary) movie will begin as soon as the stars can be seen in the sky and on the screen. ***LILO & STITCH is the movie that will be featured as the 2018 series concludes in August.*** In cases of inclement weather, the movie will be shown inside the gym.
Booya’s fans are rabid. But... what is the cherished Minnesota tradition? 40 minutes by Sarah Brumble
This will be the first U.S. survey of Mexico City-based conceptual artist Mario García Torres. The exhibition, curated by the Walker’s Vincenzo de Bellis with curatorial fellow Fabian Leyva-Barragan, will not only look at two decades’ worth of the artist’s work, but will also feature two new installations made just for the Walker. Torres will perform three monologues over the course of the run, mining personal responses and reactions to contemporary issues. With video, installation, photography, and sculpture, the exhibit will showcase Torres’ compelling practice of looking at the work of conceptual artists of past generations. Through research and his own methods of fictionalized re-creation, Torres will offer plenty to chew over, especially in the context of the Walker Art Center, an institution that has supported and presented pieces by many of the artists that Torres draws inspiration from. The opening-night celebration at 6:30 p.m. Thursday, October 25, includes a free performance of I Am Not a Flopper, followed by an artist’s talk.
You're right, the picture is missing. As soon as I get permission to post it, I will. If you really, really need to see it before you begin reading - or during - then click 'here'. It won't take you exactly to the picture, but scroll down a bit and I think you'll see which one I want to use...
Ever since I started writing this blog, I've shut the office down at Christmas, doubled the staff's pay and told a Christmas story. This year, even in these tough economic times, I've been able to extend this gift again. I hope you'll enjoy this year's offering! Thanks for reading and Happy Holidays!
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Tumasi close the door to the trailer classroom building where he taught and start to head over to where I was in the main school building. I turned and watch him as he made his way to the school door. I was thinking about how our lives had slowly come together. He'd been born in a sod house out on the tundra and I'd been born in a hospital in a southern Canadian city. So far apart and now here we were together. We were the same age, teaching the same grade and spending our weekends hunting and fishing out on the same landscape.
The door slammed shut and I could here him speaking to one of the teaching assistants in Inuktitut. He was excited. He'd got a call from the post office. A long awaited parcel from Sears had finally arrived after several delays. His footsteps were silent as he made his way down the hall to my class, but his excitement told me he was at the door.
"Ya, finally my boots are in. Can't believe it's taken so long. I thought I'd be going hunting barefoot this Christmas!"
I looked down at his feet. He was wearing beautiful homemade kamiik, sealskin boots his aunt had made. Everyone in the community wanted a pair of those boots and Tumasi wanted Baffin skidoo boots from Sears. What a crazy world!
"Ya, right. You look barefoot in those kamiik. Real shame to have to cut your frozen feet off, especially at Christmas. It might keep you working regular hours though, without those fast moving feet…!"
He smiled. He knew I was always bugging him about his 'just-in-time' style of working, never wasting a moment in school that he could spend on his skidoo out on the land.
We headed to the post office and picked up the boots. I was a bit surprised by how heavy the box seemed to be, but decided not to say anything.
"Come over for some tea." Tumasi said as we exited the building. "We'll see how these beauties fit!" We strolled down the snow covered main road through town. I noticed they'd raised the price of gas again at the Coop. It was $0.75 a gallon! Incredible! It just keeps getting more and more expensive these days. I was glad we didn't have cars in the North. Can you image running a car with gas at that price!
I couldn't believe how long it took Tumasi to finally get around to opening the box and trying on his new boots. He made tea, we ate some dried caribou his cousin had dropped off last weekend and then Tumasi decided he wanted to change all the lights on his Christmas tree for ones that blinked on and off. Better his place than mine, I thought. Blinking lights? Oh gawd…
The wrapping on the boot box seemed to be tougher than steel, but Tumasi finally took his pocket knife to it and off it came. In shreds. Next the box itself, which proved to be a bit easier. He raised the flaps and looked inside.
"Waaaa…?" I looked in the box. It was full of light blue foam peanut-like things. Tumasi shoved his hand into the peanuts and felt around.
"Did you order an accordion boots?" I said, pretending to be shocked. Now Tomasi can't play an accordion. In fact, he can't even hold a tune as far as I knew.
"Are you kidding?" He fished around in the box as if the boots were still down there hidden somewhere in the peanut pile, but of course they weren't. "I don't believe this! An accordion? Where are my stupid boots…? Sears! What idiots Kabloonat are!"
"I tell you what. Let's trade boots. You can have my boots and I'll take your kamiik." I lived in hope although his feet were smaller than mine by a couple of sizes. Maybe I could get them stretched...
Tumasi was clearly confused about the marvels of southern Canadian culture when people down there didn't know the difference between skidoo boots and accordions, but what could he do.
I left him with his problems and headed home to work on my own for a while. It certainly was a costly error on Sears' part. I checked the mail-order catalogue and discovered the accordion cost over $300 while the boots were less than $50.
At school the next day, I noticed that Tumasi wasn't wearing his new accordion 'boots', but he was smiling. "So what happened?" I asked. Here's what he told me.
"Well it turns out my aunt's husband used to play the accordion. I never knew that, but he says he used to borrow one and play one when he was young. His mother had learned to play accordion when the old traders used to come up here long ago. When he herd about the mixed-up package I'd got, his eyes lit up like Christmas lights. There's no way he could afford to buy an accordion, so thanks to Sears, he's now the owner of his first accordion. He's offered to order me some new boots from his cousin the skidoo dealer the Coop uses. They'll be in on the next plane!"
"A little bit, but he's rusty. He said with a few days of practice, he'll be ready to play again. He already told everyone there'll be an old time Christmas party in the school gym with step-dancing, just like in the old days. Pretty cool, ai?"
I just did a quick calculation. Here 1 litre of petrol is approximatey £1.33 so one gallon (3.785 litres)is £5.03! Which the internet tells me is $7.78! Madness!
Claremont residents and some members of Harfield Village believe that the application for the proposed consent for the development for a nursery and a daytime coffee shop will be an asset to the community, while others believe it will add to traffic congestion problems as parking would become an issue.
A land use application was submitted for the rezoning of erven 53387 and 53388 situated on Second Avenue in Harfield Village in Claremont from General Residential (GR4) to Local Business (LB2) for consent to permit a restaurant and a plant nursery as well as a departure to permit 14 parking bays.
I write about aspects of death and the paranormal every day, so you'd think it would make dealing with "real" death easier. It doesn't. As open as I am about pretty much everything, I’m private when it comes to grief. I don't go to funerals or wakes, I don't talk about loved ones who have died, and I don’t commiserate their loss with others. Not because I'm heartless, but because my grief is private. Nothing anyone can say can take away the pain. Nothing.
A friend of mine passed away unexpectedly last week. It was a shock to everyone. She wasn’t feeling well one evening, and was dead by morning. Just like that. I'd spoken to her the week before, and she seemed fine. When she didn’t answer my last email, I figured she’d gotten busy. In retrospect, I should have called her. Maybe I would have sensed something was wrong. Maybe I could have said something that changed the outcome. Maybe not. I keep running our last conversation over-and-over in my mind, and find myself wishing I’d turned it around. “Yes, my daughter’s birthday is coming up. Anything you get will be awesome. Now…how are you doing? What are your plans this week? What would you like for Christmas?” My list of regrets goes on, but it doesn't matter. Such is life.
I've seen people share on Facebook when someone dies. The slew of comments that follow leave me at a loss for words. "They're in a better place," "Condolences," "I'm so sorry for your loss." In spite of the fact I live in words, I don’t comment when it comes to those kinds of posts. I feel a little guilty, but honestly, nothing I say will make you feel better.
I've been off social media for the past week because it was hard to pretend things were cool. Writing about the paranormal and death has been difficult. Losing someone you love sucks. Loss isn't new to me, but it doesn't get easier. I think what pulled me out of my introspection was a call from an old friend of mine. Thank you, Christopher, for sharing your wedding plans with me. I'm not sure you realize how much your call meant, or the timing of.
My advice if you haven't been in this situation yet: Give your loved ones a call. Today. Ask them how they’re doing. And then…listen. Don’t put it off because you’re busy. It’s way more important than all that other junk. Trust me.
Labels: American Red Cross, author, blood, challenge, donate, Free, gift, holidays, horror Posted by Clarissa Johal at 8:56 AM No comments:
A group of inseparable childhood friends are now adults, physically and psychologically devastated by war…
A horrifying creature emerges from a sandstorm just before Ricky Smith dies in battle. Forced to leave base housing, his widow Maggie buys a home on Oak Lee Road in the town of Jotham. Maggie is isolated in the historic house…and disconcerted by strange clicking sounds inside the walls.
Jonathan was wounded in that fateful battle and now suffers from PTSD. He wants to put the nightmare behind him, but when Ricky’s ghost appears with cryptic warnings about Maggie’s house, he begins to question his sanity.
Afraid of bringing harm, Bobby stays far away from those he loves. But after a full moon, a mysterious woman approaches him and reveals a vision about a house with a sinister presence, and he realizes staying away might no longer be an option.
While Jake will do anything to reconnect with God, he turns to vices to fill the religious void. But a church elder urges him to take a sabbatical, and a ghost tells him to quit the ministry, and his life is more out of control than ever.
When Maggie wakes in a strange subterranean cavern, she can’t deny her home harbors dark secrets. Desperate, she sends letters to her old friends to reunite in Jotham, and events conspire to draw them all to the house…unaware of the danger awaiting them.
The friends have already been through hell, but can any of them survive the evil dwelling beneath the House on Oak Lee?
The fuck? He reached for his binos in the turret. Across the street, Johnathan spied through the dust scratched lens vendors hastily tucking and clutching whatever goods they could get their hands on. Only the most meager of items remained on the street. Even the sound of the Humvees seemed to fade, as if the entire world was holding its breath.
What’s going on? Johnathan shook, his nerves pricked. Hairs stood on-end. His knees locked. He watched, hands resting on the M2 .50-cal. He searched for someone, anyone to put the tightening in his stomach at ease. Where are they going? Shadows snaked in between the empty spaces and seemed to grow larger. The yellow dust whipped the air. Al-Hurriyah was being consumed by it.
Johnathan could feel the lump in his heart become heavy. He pulled his scarf off. He choked on the dust, tasting all the nastiness of the Baghdad ghetto, but paid little heed. The soldier scanned his field of fire. Anticipation boiled in his veins. Then the yellow sand darkened again.
The glimmer returned, taking shape, forming in the dust. His mouth fell agape. “What the fuck is that?” He screamed inside, his mind rattled and confused and terrified.
From the alley across the road the shadows dissolved, giving form to some massive Thing with skin covered in bristle-like hair as black as tar. The bulking torso hissed, and swelled, hissed and swelled. Its thin, but otherwise muscular, fragile-looking legs twitched in the sand, protruding and stretching out, pulling down the tarps of the vender huts near it.
In the dust-whipped wind what looked to be mandibles where its mouth should have been opened and then snapped shut. It was hissing, but the hissing sounded like clicking, the rattle of teeth in a glass jar or a snake poised to strike. On its head was an unmistakable shape, as frightening as it was. Bulging from its head, two swollen red eyes taking up nearly all of the creature’s face glared in the dust, compound, like the eye of a fly, gazing directly at him.
Its antenna drooped low, and then it began talking to him with a wild rush of clicks in its throat. The sound was terrible, reminding him of spring months back home, the swarms of cicadas that blanketed the canopy in his parents’ backyard every few years or so and the eerie sound they made, the clicking, horrible hissing, just like in that one movie Ricky loved to watch when they were kids around the same part of the year, the 1950s atomic-age science fiction flick, the one with the giant ants.
Partially hidden in the dust, the height of the hideous Thing was hard to guess, but whatever is was, it wasn’t possible. None of this was possible. It couldn’t be real, yet there it was all the same, hulking out from across the street, large and hungry looking.
“What?” asked Ricky. He turned in his seat, looking out the driver’s side window. Searching. “I don’t see anything.”
“Are you fucking kidding me!” Johnathan yelled, panic stained in his voice. He kicked the driver’s seat.
“Dude!” Smith turned fully around and peered in the direction Steele was gesturing. He fell silent for only a moment and then he yelled, “Get down!”
“We need to do more than—” Johnathan had started to say, but was cut short. He looked back to the alley where the Thing had been, but the monster was gone, replaced by a man with a shaved head shouting something terribly familiar and propping an equally terrifying object across his shoulder.
The air sucked back. Johnathan thought he was going to puke as he watched a plume of white smoke rocket toward him. The world was motionless for a second, perhaps less. In that moment he thought of Karen and Tabitha, he thought of his childhood and his friends that filled it. Then the explosion hit, lifting his Humvee upward into the air.
The large metal behemoth came crashing back to earth with a thunderous moan. He fell inside. His head smashed against the gunner’s platform below. He saw nothing, only white, burning light. Outside, he could hear the crackle of gunfire faintly against the ringing in his ears, like fireworks in a neighborhood a block away.
People were shouting. His squad mates, maybe. Language seemed beyond him at the moment. He could smell sulfur and the awful hint of something else…like overcooked meat on the grill, he imagined, dazed and numb. Through the broken window he watched the battle of Al-Hurriyah with disbelieving eyes.
Another explosion struck somewhere nearby. Pebbles or chunks of the police station perhaps rained down on his truck. The radio was abuzz with noise, fire direction, casualties. Someone yelled through the mike, “Death Blossom.” Death Blossom…? Are we under attack…? Yes…Ricky called it out, didn’t he? His head rung with the battle cry.
Johnathan shifted his weight. One of his legs fell from the strap he used as a seat, the other felt strangely dead. He looked. Among the yellow dust and stars that filled his eyes, he could see, though blurred, the gnarled remains of what was once his right leg.
“Shit!” he screamed, clinching at his thigh. I can’t look. I can’t look. Ricky. Ricky? “Smith? Ricky? Are you okay, man?” he winced, straining to get a look at his friend.
More rattling pinged off his truck. Someone nearby yelled, “Got you, you fucking bastard!” Another voice screamed in language not entirely unfamiliar.
Must be some of the Iraqi police, he thought vaguely caring. Death Blossom…those assholes are going to ping someone in the back…
Something was pinching his neck. He reached and felt warmth and something hard. He dug whatever it was out and pulled his hand to see. He glared dumbfounded at what looked like a tooth.
Not mine, he thought, testing his teeth with his tongue. He looked at Ricky, but his form was covered in haze.
Gunfire continued to crackle outside, but in the broken and torn Humvee, the world felt like a tomb.
He could see Ricky now, lying awkwardly in his seat, one hand still clutching the radio receiver. Smoke wafted from his body. He didn’t move. And the smell…the smell was terrible.
Johnathan blinked. Not real. Not real. “Ricky, you son of a bitch, answer me! Are you okay?” he yelled. Hot adrenaline coursed through him like a drug, pooling in a venomous sundry of dreadful sorrow and hate, lumping together in his heart, stealing his breath. Maggie’s face flashed in front of him and then Karen’s, but he pushed them away.
Thomas S. Flowers is the published author of several character driven stories of fright. He resides in Houston, Texas, with his wife and daughter. His first novel, Reinheit, was published by Forsaken. He also has a short story, “Lanmò,” in The Sinister Horror Company’s horror anthology The Black Room Manuscripts. In 2008, he was honorably discharged from the U.S. Army where he served for seven years, with three tours serving in Operation Iraqi Freedom. In 2014, Thomas graduated from University of Houston Clear Lake with a BA in History. He blogs at machinemean[dot]org, where he does author interviews and reviews on a wide range of strange yet oddly related topics.
In the wake of her handler’s death, Jesse has never felt more alone. Her best friend is distracted by a new love. Her mentor Rachel is missing and her boyfriend Lane isn’t returning her calls.
Worse, a Necronite with the ability to heal any wound wants to kill Jesse and absorb her power of pyrokinesis.
With little to hold her to Nashville, Jesse agrees to work as a freelance agent for Jeremiah Tate, a pharmaceutical tycoon in Chicago. Together they plot revenge against Caldwell, the mastermind responsible for the genocide of over 100,000 Necronites worldwide.
When Jeremiah fails to dominate Jesse and her pyrokinesis, tensions escalate, dividing her from her allies.
I have begun to think of her books as my Kory Krack. I beg of you to pick them up. You will NOT regret it!"
Kory M. Shrum lives in Michigan with her partner and a ferocious guard pug. She has dabbled in everything from fortune telling to martial arts and when not reading or writing, she can be found teaching, traveling, or wearing a gi. She is the author of four books in the Jesse Sullivan contemporary fantasy series. She is also an active member of both SFWA and HWA.
A dark and twisted saga that winds its way through the Victorian streets of London like a luxurious and lethal ribbon.
When a series of terrifying and seemingly paranormal murders occur at a rapid rate, panic and fear grip the city. Still haunted by the ghost of the Whitechapel Ripper case, Inspector Steptree is forced to admit the murderer he now pursues maybe even more wicked and brutal. As the case closes down on the mysterious No.7 club, owned by the enigmatic Evangeline Valentine, Steptree discovers that evil is far from a fantasy.
It is against this backdrop that Kaspian Blackthorne turns eighteen and begins his apprenticeship under the scientific maverick, Doctor Greyson, a pioneer in brain surgery, and human transplantation. Whilst Kaspian is introduced to the horrors and wonders of man’s scientific progress, he also begins an epic adventure of self-discovery and infatuation. Guided into the decadent and luxuriant world of the London West End night scene by his new friend Hugh Denvers, Kaspian tastes the sweet temptation of a life less ordinary, but such a privilege comes at a terrible price.
A cast of timeless characters and dark, grown-up fairy tales interweave to create a rich and haunting tale of fear and desire.
Based on the original novel, ‘Beautiful Freaks’ written and published in 2013 by Katie M John, this series is a development of that world. This is the first season of a planned three seasons. You can find out more about this season and forthcoming seasons on the Official Site.
Published by Little Bird Publishing, Katie M John is the author of the U.K No.1 best-selling YA Paranormal Romance and Dark Fairy Tale series, The Knight Trilogy.
I’ve thought about this a lot lately since I ran into a spate of uninspired books, both on my Kindle and in Books on CD. I will say, though, that in the latter format, a gifted actor reading an audiobook can make even a mediocre story come to life and can gloss over awkward grammatical constructions so they aren’t quite as noticeable.
How about if we start with characters? It goes without saying they need to be three dimensional, which means they have thoughts, feelings, and actions that are congruent with their personalities. In my opinion, if a book doesn’t have characters that reach out and grab your heartstrings, then it’s DOA. It can have the most inspired plot in the world, but it’s wasted if readers don’t care about the characters.
Alrighty, so we have decent characters. Maybe not great characters, but they’re good enough you want to pick up the book to see what they’re going to do next. Plot determines the next moves in a book. Plot is basically the story that the book tells, but it’s how we get from point A to point B that weeds out talented writers from the rest of the pack. Brilliant plotting is tightly woven, and the writer’s hand is all but invisible. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been somewhere in a book and something happens that just screams “convenient plot twist.” As an aside, this is why all writers need someone—crit partners, publishers, editors—to be a fresh pair of eyes. No matter how seasoned a writer is, he (or she) can’t see the foibles in his own writing. Not all of them, anyway. Another plotting issue is plot threads that go nowhere. They look intriguing, but the writer just never gets back to them.
Corollaries of plotting are pacing and tension. The plot has to move fast enough to draw a reader along, yet not so fast as to lose them. Writers accomplish this by inserting pacing into the plot and building/releasing tension. Of course certain genres, like horror, have a whole lot more tension than most romances. But even romances—the good ones—have at least one big, dark moment when it seems like the hero and heroine will never be able to bridge the gap between them. This introduces tension and draws readers into turning pages to see what’s going to happen next.
I think I’m probably like most writers in that I write the same type of fiction I like to read. For me, it’s fast paced, with strong characters that collide with one another. Lots of passion. Lots of angst. Big, dark moments that are really big and truly dark. In a lot of ways, writing isn’t so different from being a psychologist. Not everyone will like what I write. I don’t expect them to. Likewise, I always told my patients that the first couple of sessions were “getting to know one another,” and seeing if we were a good match. Just like I’m not the right author for everyone, neither was I the right therapist. That’s just common sense, really.
What sings to you in books you read? Why do you adore your favorite author? If you had to pick great characters versus great plot, which would it be?
When pressed, Jonathan Shea admits magic runs through his blood, but he’s always been ambivalent about it—until a dragon and her mage show up in the Scottish Highlands, and then all bets are off. Jonathan’s charmed and captivated by the dragon—a creature fresh out of myth and legend—but the woman bonded to it is so enticing, he tosses caution aside and catapults into the magical power he’s avoided for so long.
Britta and her dragon prepare for a battle to save Earth. Freshly transplanted from a much earlier time, she feels awkward, out of place. The first person she lays eyes on is Jonathan. There’s something about him. She can’t quite pinpoint it, but he has way more magic than he lets on. Magic aside, it runs deeper than that. For the first time ever, she questions the wisdom of remaining a maid. If she doesn’t make up her mind damned fast, though, her choices will fritter away. Beset from every side, she’s never needed her magical ability more.
Surrounded by dragon shifters, Celtic gods, Selkies, time travel, and a heaping portion of magic, Jonathan comes into his own fast. Fell creatures target him, Britta, and her dragon. In the midst of chaos, he and Britta find scorching passion and love so heartbreakingly tender, it will change their lives forever.
Bloated on chaos, the Morrigan leaves the Scottish Highlands to gather power. A trip through Hell yields quite the assortment of allies tagging along behind her. Fell creatures straight out of myth and nightmare that haven’t darkened Earth’s boundaries for centuries heed her call.
Heartily sick of the Morrigan’s maneuvering, the dragons are close to shutting their world off from everywhere, Earth included. If they do, every dragon shifter bond will be broken. Horrified, Lachlan and Britta launch a desperate campaign to hang onto their dragons.
Magic may bite back, but if the dragons take their magic ball and go home, Earth will fade, along with all other worlds. That suits the Morrigan fine. War and anarchy are her favorite companions, and she collects misery like children gather beloved toys.
Arianrhod’s fellow Celts found out about her fall from grace and her half-Druid son, Jonathan. With nothing further to hide, she goes back in time hunting Angus, Jonathan’s father. Forty years apart was a steep price to pay. The world needs Angus’s magic. And Jonathan needs all the help he can get. Late to accept the power thrumming through him, he holds a key role in keeping the world from spinning off its axis. Reluctant at first, Jonathan finally gets it.
Ann Gimpel is a national bestselling author. A lifelong aficionado of the unusual, she began writing speculative fiction a few years ago. Since then her short fiction has appeared in a number of webzines and anthologies. Her longer books run the gamut from urban fantasy to paranormal romance. Once upon a time, she nurtured clients, now she nurtures dark, gritty fantasy stories that push hard against reality. When she’s not writing, she’s in the backcountry getting down and dirty with her camera. She’s published over 30 books to date, with several more planned for 2015 and beyond. A husband, grown children, grandchildren and three wolf hybrids round out her family.
That’s what Emma thinks about local gossip concerning her grandmother’s “cursed” private island. Emma journeys to the island to ready it for sale. While out exploring, she unearths a hidden cave–a cave which holds answers to the island’s dark past.
The first book of ‘The Knight Trilogy’, called ‘The Forest of Adventures’ was published in December 2010. Within months it had reached the coveted spot of UK. No1. Best Selling Fairy Tale and Paranormal Romance, as well as going on to become an overall Best Selling Amazon title in both the U.K and the U.S.A
Five years later, all three books of the Trilogy have been published, and the series continues to reach top listings and cultivate a committed fan base. Katie has since gone on to write a stand-alone novel, ‘Beautiful Freaks’, a twelve episode series by the same title, and the first three books of the seven book series, ‘The Meadowsweet Chronicles’
To celebrate this incredibly important milestone, Katie M John is giving away some very special Knight Trilogy Swag. Prizes include; sterling silver Celtic earrings and Breton Jewellery purchased in the Forest of Broceliande, to signed paperbacks and beautiful handmade Tibetan Silver book hooks, decorated with semi-precious stones, signed postcards. There will be two lucky winners of the Birthday Gift Box.
Seventeen year old Mina Singer is the typical good girl; she already knows where her life is taking her, and she is in a settled relationship with the boy next door. However, when the mysterious new boy, Blake Beldevier arrives at college on the first day of the spring term, everything she has come to understand about reality is turned upside down.
Catapulted into a world she only believed existed in fairy tales, Mina discovers that the past and the present aren’t quite so far apart as she thought, and fairy tales certainly aren’t for children.
As the timeless and wicked Morgan Le Fay sets her sights on gaining the heart of Blake, Mina discovers the true of the darkness which threatens to extinguish the light.
Immortal Beloved: Book 2 of The Knight Trilogy (Volume 2) As Mina begins to piece together her broken heart Blake’s heart is in the hands of the evil and beautiful Morgan Le Fay - and it is in mortal peril In the aftermath of the Blakequake, Mina finds herself back in the Real World and lost at sea. It is only the power of friendship that stops her from complete self-destruction. And then, just when she begins to accept that the fairy tale world of The Realm was nothing but a magical memory, The Realm comes calling. This time it is up to the damsel to save her knight. As events unfold in Egypt, and ancient, dark rituals are resurrected, Mina and her friends are forced to race the clock to save Blake from the terrors of the Egyptian Underworld - and the bewitchment of Morgan Le Fay. The question is, who will win in the fight for Blake’s heart?
When Mina and Blake return from Egypt, they dare to believe in a happily-ever-after. Then the full moon comes, and Mina discovers it wasn’t only Blake who came home changed. When a young woman is found murdered at Meadowlake on All Hallows Eve, suspicion quickly turns to Mina, whose involvement with the secret society of the Starfire Sisterhood has caught the unwelcome attention of The Knights Templar Arrested for sorcery and due to burn at the stake, Blake is offered a way to save her... All he needs to do is deliver the Holy Grail.
59A ; 59B [Payment due at time fixed or determined by contract or Convention; No need for request by seller or other formality];
About Us |Annual Reports |Organigram |Regulations |Facilities |Maps & Directions |Staying in the City |Visiting the City
CISTER is located in front of the ISEP Campus just besides the Rua António Bernardino de Almeida entry.
If driving by car follow the directions on the map above (zoom out to get a broader view on the connection network). The "IC23" highway is also identified by "VCI" in same maps and signs.
Visitors park access: At ISEP park entry press the button at the entrance for the security in charge to grant you access to the visitors park (in front of the building). Remember to refer that you came for a meeting with the CISTER Research Unit. If necessary call +351 22 8340502 or use the internal telephone extension 1302.
Getting to CISTER by metro: You will use the metro yellow line ("Linha D") in direction of "Hospital São João". The other metro lines connect to the yellow line on "Trindade" station. Please note that you don't need a new ticket but you must validate it again when switching lines. On the map above you can see the yellow line's "Pólo Universitário" and "IPO" stations, they are more a less the same distance from CISTER Building's entrance. Get out in "IPO" station and turn right when you leave the train. Walk straight through, cross the street, cross to the right side of subway lines, and keep moving on the pathway alongway the line; you can't miss the big white building with red doors and shutters in front of you. From "Pólo Universitário" station, move to the exit in the same direction of the train going to Hospital de São João, keep straight on, and take the main road that turns slighty to the left. The white building with red doors is on the left at the end of that road.
If travelling by train - Campanhã Station (the most used train station). Take the metro (you will need a Z2 ticket, aprox. 1.50 EUR) to "Trindade" subway station and change to the yellow line ("Linha D") in direction of "Hospital São João" and follow the "metro" instructions above. The trip takes less than 30 minutes including waiting time. If travelling by train - São Bento Station, the yellow line ("Line D") metro station is just across the street. Go in direction of "Hospital São João" and follow the instructions of "metro" above (you will need a Z2 ticket , aprox. 1.50 EUR). The trip takes less than 20 minutes including waiting time.
If travelling by plane, the cheapeast alternative is to use the metro network (you will need a Z4 ticket, aprox, 2.00 EUR) to get to "Trindade" subway station and follow the instructions on "metro" above, the trip should take about 35 minutes plus up to 25 minutes waiting time in the stations. Due to the ticketing zone system if you are travelling from ISEP to the Airport you need a Z3 ticket, but if you start at the city center you will need a Z4 ticket. Another alternative is to pick a Taxi and ask for "ISEP / Rua António Bernardino de Almeida" (this will leave you in the main ISEP building, cross the street from CISTER Building), it is the fastest alternative (about 20 minutes) and should cost around 20 to 25 EUR. If renting a car see "driving" instructions details above.
Flight information: the Porto Airport has direct regular connections to more than 50 airports (click to see destinations and airlines) and two-hop flights to hundreds of destinations.
Recently released by the U.S. National Arboretum and shared with us by plantsman Ted Stephens, this fabulous, variegated sport of C. dichotoma f. albafructus was discovered at Tennessee Technological University by Dr. Gary Bachman and Mr. Edgar Davis. A gracefully rounded, deciduous shrub, to 5-6 ft tall, the medium green leaves dressed with creamy yellow margins fading to white and clusters of white berries from late summer into late autumn. Easy in full sun to half shade with regular summer for best fruiting. Frost hardy in USDA zone 5-8.
A particularly frost hardy callistemon collected on the upper slopes of Australia's Mt. Kosciuszko, this small bottlebrush, to 3-6 ft tall, has finely textured, long and narrow, evergreen leaves and pale yellow, “bottlebrush” flowers in late spring and early summer. Best in full sun to part shade with summer water, though quite drought tolerant once established. One of the hardiest of the genus, performing well to 0F, USDA zone 7.
From Ted Stephens of Nurseries Caroliniana comes this extra hardy selection of bottlebrush that has withstood -9F. Quickly growing to 6 ft by 6 ft with lovely salmon-colored new growth, huge blooms of deep red throughout the summer, and evergreen foliage year-round. Great for a sunny, neglected spot. Works great in a container or in clay soils as well. Excellent.
Small and compact evergreen bottlebrush, to 5 ft tall x 6 ft wide, this from cuttings of a specimen in Oregon's Willamette Valley. Arching branches carry small, glossy leaves and, in mid summer, soft, greenish yellow, "bottlebrush" flowers. Best in a hot, sunny position, well-drained with occasional summer water. Easily frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8, and very likely into zone 7 in optimum conditions.
The "black" camellia has dark red, semi-double flowers that are darker on the undersides -- very dark and gorgeous in late winter, early spring. New foliage also has red overtones. An evergreen shrub, upright and somewhat compact to only 4-5 ft tall and wide, this is a must have plant for any garden in part shade with protection from the afternoon sun and rich soil with regular summer moisture. Frost hardy in USDA zone 7. (For those who love nomenclature, the parentage is a follows: a hybrid of C. x williamsii 'Ruby Bells' (= C. saluenensis x C. japonica 'Fuyajo') and C. japonica 'Kuro Tsubaki'.)
Another great sasanqua camellia for the garden. Pink flushed buds open to semi-double flowers in the autumn. Flowers are white. Plant in a part sun area, at least avoiding hottest afternoon summer sun. Provide summer water. New growth is a nice burgandy color. Grows 12ft tall x 5ft wide. USDA zone 6.
Stems twist and turn on this medium-sized Camellia, to 6 ft tall creating an interesting shape in the garden. "Unryu" means "dragon in the clouds" suggesting the twisting of a dragon as it climbs to the sky. Spring flowers are red-pink and single. Evergreen foliage is glossy in part to full shade with summer water. Frost hardy in upper USDA zone 6.
These lovely creatures represent offspring from quite possibly the first species to reach North America. Arrived from E. A. Wilson's collection, they were given to friends along the Oregon coast and have thriven there. To 15 feet or more with patchy, tan and green bark, large 5" plus leaves and flowers to 6" in deep shades of pink. They can be used as an elegant small garden tree. USDA Zone 8, some summer water/afternoon shade helpful where hot.
A lovely plant, at one point nearly lost in cultivation. Ours comes from Portland's historic Platt garden where it has reached an astoundingly beautiful 10 ft or more in 30 something years. A full rounded shrub with beautiful bark and glossy leaves that support 2-3" white to pale rose flowers edged in rose-salmon. Quite fragrant, they begin flowering in early to mid October and continue through February. Full sun to dappled shade with regular summer water. Temperatures at the upper edges of USDA zone 7 has presented no problems.
A pink flowered, dark foliaged form of true tea camellia, sometimes found as C. sinensis 'Rosea'. And, yes, tea can be made from the leaf tips. This Chinese selection is daintier than the species with spicy-scented, pink flowers appearing in autumn to brighten those fall cleanup days. To 4 ft tall, eventually 5 ft x 4 ft wide. A handsome shrub for part shade with regular summer water. Frost hardy to at least 0F, USDA zone 7.
Picture an illicit affair between a camellia and a huckleberry – this is that lovechild. The handsome, orange-tinged, evergreen, lacy leaves of a huckleberry and tiny, dangling, pure white, heavenly scented, camellia flowers in winter. The scent fills the garden. Best in half shade with adequate water. 4-6 ft. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
One of our favorite small-scale groundcovers, first given to us by Jane Platt. To only about 4" in height by 18" wide, the evergreen, fine textured leaves support (winter through spring) delicate white flowers. Slowly spreading, in the light woodland or in container. Excellent for holding soil. Does not re-seed, we promise. Cold hardy to USDA Zone 6, if not colder.
Southeastern native sedge that does best in a relatively damp situation. Broad handsome leaves linger all summer. Tufted habit to 2 ft tall or so. Full sun if very damp; shade if in a drier site. Frost hardy to -20F, USDA zone 5.
Fresh off the ship, this Terra Nova introduction from the days of yore proves a cheerful garden component, with warm yellow stripes on dark green thickly textured leaves. Deciduous, admires shade and even moisture. USDA zone 4. Very good container specimen. Don't forget where it is and put a shovel through it when dormancy strikes!
A fabulous, hardy true ginger with slender, deep green leaves in clumps to about 3 ft tall x 2 ft wide and spikes of yellow, summer flowers surrounded by deep red bracts that continue after the flowers fade. Easy in the garden in part sun to shade with regular water for consistent moisture. Very tropical and frost hardy to at least 10F, USDA zone 8, with reports of success in zone 7. Mulch for extra winter protection.
A new entry into the spectrum of California lilics, this low-growing shrub, with arching branches and, in spring, deep and brilliant blue flowers against dark foliage background, is the perfect plant for a border or a bank. Evergreen, to around 3 ft tall x 5 ft wide, plants are drought tolerant though willing to accept summer water where the drainage is good. Bright sun enhances the already fabulous foliage and flower colors. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
This variegated selection of the common coastal deerbrush, has striking leaves of yellow with green markings and medium blue flowers covering the branches in early spring, adding brightness to a shady spot. Forms a large shrub to small tree that can reach 15 ft tall x 10 ft easily where summer water is provided. Best in part shade, with protection from the western sun. Accepting of summer water and tolerant of summer drought - slower growing as well. Prune, if needed, in the summer. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
A chance seedling in the Cistus Nursery garden. Arising from a cross between a Paul Bonine/Greg Sheperd introduction, Oregon Mist', and the old selection 'Victoria', possessing full rounded leaves and rather dense growth of Victoria, but the quick upright form of 'Oregon Mist'. The seedling was noticed at the base of our original Oregon Mist specimen after it's untimely death at the age of over 10 years, at nearly 20' in height. Excellent screening plant, with dry position, where horizontal space is precious. Pleasing light blue flowers, early to midspring, sometimes repeated. USDA zone 7.
Our collection from the coastal side of Oregon's Siskiyous mountains at about 2500' this to 12 to 15 feet, apically dominant center stem and pyramidal form. Small glossy evergreen leaves stand out well against the blue-green younger stems. Lilac colored flowers in early to late spring and often again at random throughout the year. For well drained summer-dry place and bright light. Excellent for fast growing screen or fine textured hedge. USDA zone 7
A wonderful evergreen species, heading toward being a shrub rather than a perennial. The finely dissected, silvery white leaves form a mound to about 3 ft or more and make a wonderful background for the lavender to rose-purple flowers that appear in the spring and sporadically through the rest of the year. Prefers sun and low fertility soil for best performance. Evergreen and hardy to the middle of USDA zone 7.
Ice plant from S. Africa northeast of Cape Town with deep pink flowers tinged in orange. Stems on this species are often red hues. Zone 9
Clouds of sky-blue flowers coat this small, evergreen sub-shrub through the summer. Handsome blue-green leaves when not in flower. Full to part sun with regular summer water. Usually 2 ft tall and as wide. Cold hardy in USDA zone 7.
A 2001 introduction from the United Kingdom's Palmstead Nursery, this golden foliaged, shrubby perennial is a winner with its soft blue flowers appearing like little jewels from late summer until frost. Reaches 1-2 ft tall and wide at maturity. Best in full sun in cool climates and part sun with protection from western sun in hottest areas. Needs little supplemental water in the summer once established. Remains evergreen to 25F, mid USDA zone 9, and frost hardy to mid zone 7 with winter mulch. Cut back in spring after new growth appears.
One of our favorite quinces, a nearly spineless shrub, to only about 4 ft tall, possibly 5, with deep coral-orange flowers over a long season in winter and spring. We have planted ours with golden foliage plants such as Choisya ternata ‘Sundance’ for a dazzling winter effect, if we do say so ourselves. Excellent for cut flowers. Full sun to medium shade with at least occasional summer water to improve bud set. Frost hardy to -10F, USDA zone 6, possibly zone 5.
Handsome and useful, this dense clustering palm from Mexico with dark green leaves, pendulous orange-red fruits, and a bamboo-like appearance is an all-around winner. "Microspadix" refers to the tiny white flowers that appear on small stalks prior to forming berries, which emerge green and then ripen in color by late summer. 8-10' tall x 4-5' wide and very easy to grow. Best in part to full sun with moist, well-drained soil and regular fertilizer. Excellent container plant for patios, entryways, or even indoors in good light. Quite frost hardy, to USDA zone 7b, around 5 degrees.
Lovely, dense tussock grass from New Zealand, to 3-5 ft tall, with long, lax leaves and an over all reddish cast making a fine textured presence. Best in sun with adequate summer water, but tolerates both wet and dry conditions. Remains evergreen in winter. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
From the Drakensburgs of eastern South Africa and shared with us by plantsman Gary Hammer, this is essentially a dwarf, variegated, ground-covery spider plant -- with no macramé hangers needed. (Does anyone remember macramé?) Has been a wonderful addition to container plantings for us with its 6", light cream and green striped leaves and has been hardy in the ground, frosting back only when temperatures drop to 20F, USDA zone 9, though we would recommend a mulch with such temperatures. Even summer moisture; bright light to fairly deep shade. Decent drainage best.
A Cistus introduction in 2011 from our choisya captive breeding program. This cross between our own wild collection, C. arizonica 'Whetstone' and others has produced a 3-4 ft finely textured plant with pale stems, narrow, blue-tinted leaves, and dime-sized flowers in spring and possibly twice more in a year. Full sun to part shade, decently drained soil, and an occasional helping of water. Choisya 'Bluestone' has the robustitude of selections such as C. 'Aztec Pearl' and the increased hardiness of high elevation Arizona. Easily frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7, and possibly zone 6.
Lovely, golden form of the Mexican orange, an evergreen shrub, to 6 ft tall or so and 4-5 ft wide, the narrow leaves pale yellow in new growth maturing to green, a bi-color contrast. Foliage is aromatic as well, emitting a spicy-sweet smell when brushed or crushed. Single white flowers are abundant in spring and often again in fall. Protection from the western sun is best in the hottest climates; otherwise full sun to part shade in well drained soil with some summer water. A great landscape plant, easy and rewarding. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
A Cistus introduction with the stoutness of C. mexicana and the fine feathery leaves of Choisya arizonica, the new leaves and stems emerging golden green and slowly aging to a handsome forest green. Evergreen, to 2.5-3 ft tall with a mounding habit. Nickel-sized, sweetly fragrant, white flowers appear in spring and then again periodically until late fall. Best in dappled shade to full sun in decently drained soil and at least occasional summer water where dry. An excellent container plant. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7.
A Cistus introduction. Our own collection from the Whetstone mountains of southern Arizona, selected for its fine filigreed leaves of 1-2" with winter red tint on the green foliage and for its extra vigor. This is a small shrub, to under 3 ft tall by 3 ft wide, yet it produces the largest flowers choisyas are known for, often in both winter and summer. Sun to dappled shade, good drainage. Drought tolerant in all but the lowest deserts. Cold hardy in mid to upper USDA zone 7.
Large and handsome evergreen camphor from southern China, with glossy green, deeply veined leaves and eye-catching, copper-colored new growth. Grows quickly to 15 ft tall and then more slowly to 30 ft or more. Does well in sun to part shade with summer water. Much more cold hardy than its near relation C. camphora, this clone has gone through temperatures as low as 0F, bottom of USDA zone 7.
A small rockrose, one of Eric Sammons hybrids, with narrow green foliage on reddish stems and, best of all, spring flowers of pure white. Very striking. To 3 ft tall x 4 ft wide. Happy in sun and well-drained soil. Drought tolerant once established but accepts occasional summer water. Cold hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Evergreen shrub, to 4-5 ft, with dark foliage deeply infused with labdanum, the wonderfully aromatic oil that either feels silky smooth to the touch or like a sticky fly paper depending on the light and temperature. To us, it’s real beauty lies in the spring clusters of flowers, white with burgundy blotches -- most attractive -- and ruffled, appearing almost as a semi-double rose. Summer drought tolerant in full sun with mineral soil, so little to no summer water once established. Frost hardy to 15F, mid USDA zone 8.
Extremely large unspotted white flowers on this 3 ft very drought resistant shrub. Full sun, little or no summer water. Shear if needed, but not necessary. This is from wild collected seed: Turkey. Zone 7b
Perhaps our favorite rockrose for its all around usefulness. To 4 ft tall and attractive in and out of flower. Grey leaves set off the soft pink flowers in late spring. It’s a real Sarah Hammond plant. Full sun and lean soil. Cold hardy to USDA zone 8.
This cistus was selected from a cross between C. ladanifer and C. laurifolius, and exhibits a blend of traits from both with classic, white cistus flowers in spring, a signature red blotch at the base of each petal, and leaves that are dark green on top and gray below, evergreen of course. Growth is fairly upright growth then widely sprawling, to 4 ft x 5 ft or more. Best in full sun and average to poor soil, with a bit of summer water now and again. Frost hardy to bottom of USDA zone 8.
Evergreen rock rose, a cross between C. ladanifer and C. inflatus, this selection being somewhat more diminutive than the species, clumping to 4 ft tall or so x 4 ft wide. Leaves are shiny green, and slightly sticky from the infusion of slightly aromatic labdanum oil from the C. ladanifer parent. Spring flowers are pure white and somewhat ruffled. An excellent choice for the dry garden in sun and good drainage. Summer drought tolerant once established. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Another lovely Mediterranean rockrose, this one with small crinkled evergreen leaves and large, chiffon-pink, ruffled petals. Grows to about 3 ft x 3 ft in full sun with little or no summer water once established. Makes a good low hedge or just a cheerful spring blooming specimen in the dry garden. Tip pruning after blooming encourages a denser habit. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Very pretty, small compact shrub or small tree to 8-10 ft tall with small, indeed, myrtle-like leaves that are glossy green. Found as a bud mutation on old sour orange trees in Florida, these are thornless! Spring flowers are white and sweetly fragrant, producing small, bumpy skinned fruit, edible but sour. Full sun, rich soil, and summer water. Frost hardy in USDA zones 9-11 with a fighting chance in zone 8.
Another gem from New Zealand, this low clambering or scandent vine, to 15 ft or so, has leaves to 2” dappled or entirely the color of... uncooked liver...Wow! Actually quite lovely in the landscape. Frequently encountered in Hobbit movies; otherwise rare in cultivation in the northern hemisphere. Small, creamy white flowers in abundance in August and September, but, really, the leaves are the true attraction. Moist, rather infertile ground. Full sun for best color though quite happy in shade. Low end of USDA zone 8. Great container plant.
Tough evergreen clematis, spectacularly floriferous with white, cup-shaped flowers that nearly hide the foliage in early spring. This cross between New Zealand species C. marmoraria and C. paniculata is a non-climber, to 5-6 ft tall, happy spilling its fern-like, cut foliage over walls or containers or tied upright to display the gorgeous flowers. Full sun with good drainage, regular summer water, and protection to keep the roots cool. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Magenta pink flowers are gorgeous against the dark green foliage with a fragrance that is awesome and alluring. The leaf aroma, when touched, is found by some to be -- well -- less alluring, a bit peanut-buttery ... but consider that butterflies love the flowers and you will too. To 6 feet tall, flowering mid to late summer. Sun to part shade in good drainage with some water. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7. Enjoy!
The hardiest taro for Portand, this smaller version of Elephant Ears grows in moist, rich soil and can be left in the ground over winter. Irridescent blue-green leaves with a center splotch on 18” stems. Excellent in a container or as an addition to the moist garden. Zone 8
A useful, narrow-leaved fern that deserves more attention. Unlike its cousin, Coniogramme japonica, this fern (recently elevated to species level) remains smaller and tighter in formation, reaching about 3' in width and 15-18" in height. Truthfully, it doesn't look much like a fern but closer to a dwarf bamboo. Excellent for hillsides and thicket plantings beneath high-canopied trees where rich, moist soil is guaranteed. Part sun to light shade best. Hardy to USDA zone 7.
Very cool pinstriped lily-of-the-valley that grows to 9" tall in colonies. One of the most useful groundcovers for shade, this one adds a distinctive contrast to the green of shade gardens by its delicate, variegated appearance. Spreads easily but will need to be divided over time to maintain flowering. Plant in a woodsy soil in filtered sun or deep shade, underneath trees or among other woodland plants, such as ferns and crinums. USDA zone 3-8.
A robust plant, to 4-5 ft tall with 2" glossy leaves of saffron yellow with coppery overtones, these shrubs are marvelous when placed with foliage in colors of olive to burgundy. Orange flowers stand out well against the foliage. Can be used as small hedge or screen plants or as specimens in mixed containers. Bright light for best foliage color and consistent moisture in any soil. This is one of the more tender Coprosma selections, frost hardy only for brief periods into the upper teens F, USDA zone 8b. Well worth treating as a tender pot specimen in colder climates.
Newish release from New Zealand with small, particularly glossy, deep green leaves edged in black and marked with browns, all turning dark bronze in cooler weather. Perhaps more handsome than cute, but still rather small, to 2 ft tall x 3 ft wide, perfect for a protected spot in a small garden. Where temperatures regularly fall below 20F, best in a protected spot in full to part sun and well-drained soil with regular garden water. Reliably frost hardy to 20F, USDA zone 9, possibly 8b in perfect conditions.
A new introduction from New Zealand with a small texture but leaves of deep brick red, the same color as some of the better New Zealand flax (phormium) cultivars. Can grow eventually to about 5 ft but can also be easily pruned or shortened into small specimens or hedging. Great contrast of yellow flowers to foliage. Even summer moisture. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Another coprosma for North America, this upright form makes a pleasingly pyramidal shrub, to about 4 ft, with foliage colored brick-red-toward-maroon and darkening in brighter light or with frost. An easy grower with better color in bright light and where summer temperatures are not excessively high. Low fertility enhances color as well. Even summer moisture and, again, bright light. Frost hardy to the bottom of USDA zone 8.
This collection from New Zealand’s South Island grows to 3 ft or so, replete with tiny divaricating branches and leaves to …oh, about a millimeter, all in a coppery, pink hue. Flowers are tiny as well, followed by interesting, almost violet berries in late summer. Particularly tough for a coprosma, withstanding temperatures of 10F with no damage … though who could tell on a copper-colored plant. Best with some summer water and bright light for best color. Makes a very good pot filler. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Striking, compact evergreen shrub with lime green new growth that matures into bright glossy green leaves tinged with pink-purple edges. Height and width to 3 ft. A star in any garden or patio container where a burst of color is needed. Older leaves, too, turn a wonderful burgundy color as they age. Full to part sun, but will color best in full sun. Moist, well-drained soil. Frost hardy to USDA zone 9a, USDA zone 8b with protection.
Choice, tender, evergreen shrub that's hardly green at all. Yellow margins are flushed pink on green leaves -- all the colors darkening in winter. It's like adding paprika to your container. To 5 ft x 3 ft over time. Flowers are insignificant. Best with protection from afternoon sun except in cool coastal climates. Well drained soil and occasional to regular summer water. Can be sheared. Frost hardy to 20F, USDA zone 9.
A Cistus introduction. This fairly frequent sport of C. repens 'Marble Queen' has stabilized for us into a most attractive tender shrub to about 4' x 4' in height and width. 3" glossy leaves with pale cream-spotted green can quickly fill a mixed container or bare spot in a warmer garden. Prefers adequate year-round water and dappled shade in hot climates. Evergreen. USDA zone 8b for brief periods. Prefers considerable moisture for best appearance.
Small, variegated evergreen shrub, to 3-4 ft tall x 2-3 ft wide, the dark, shiny green leaves edged with a wide band of chartreuse. Native to the coastal areas in New Zealand, it is tolerant of salt spray and sun in coastal conditions; inland prefers part shade and regular summer water. Frost hardy to 18F, upper USDA zone 8.
A Cistus introduction. The world needs another black-leaved plant! From seed collected from the wonderful Pukerau Nursery in NZ, we selected this particularly interesting clone. Wiry, silver-tinted stems give way to black, green-centered leaves on a densely contorting, divaricating shrub to about 6' eventually. From the Devil's Staircase formation near the tip of the South Island, it should be among the hardiest of the species, but who really cares cuz it looks dead anyways. USDA zone 7. Full sun for best color. By the way, cheery small yellow flowers in spring.
New from New Zealand where a genus with only 4 species has produced amazing forms and colors, this dazzling shrub, to about 6 ft tall x 4 ft wide, has chocolate-maroon leaves with silvery undersides on silvery stems. Small, yellow flowers lead to fruit that is a light purple aging to nearly maroon. Sun or part shade in hottest climates with even summer moisture. A good small-scale background plant or pot specimen planted with contrasting colors. Frost hardy to the upper end of zone 8.
A Cistus introduction. Though we would like to say this lovely plant is a result of years of careful hybridization under tightly controlled circumstances, we actually found it growing on the floor of one of the greenhouses as a tiny seedling. This grows as other C. x virgata forms, to a 6-8 ft shrub, but with a more upright form and butter-yellow-aging-copper-orange leaves with reflective, nearly white, undersides. In the garden, some summer water, the foliage showing warm yellow in light shade to deeper orange in sun. Very good container specimen. Great when planted with burgundies or other dark foliage plants. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
New Zealand evergreen shrub, to 6-8 ft, with small green leaves and dainty yellow flowers followed by large, wonderful red berries -- many more if there is another Corokia of any sort nearby. Winter brings an attractive bronze color to the foliage. Sun to part shade with good drainage and average summer water. Cold hardy in upper USDA zone 8.
The foliage is green splashed with yellow and very cheerful on this evergreen, 6-8 ft, dogwood relation from New Zealand. Spring flowers are tiny and yellow -- also cheerful. Best in full sun or afternoon shade with regular summer water. Makes a bright screen or garden accent. Frost hardy to 15F, mid USDA zone 8 with leanish soil and a chance to harden off in early autumn or in an especially protected spot. Also does well in pots with indoor winter protection.
From the high barren region on the coast of Mendocino county, this species is distinguished from its close relative, C. goveniana, by its thin black seeds. The species name is a bit of a misnomer in that these plants will only be pygmies in very poor soil; otherwise they should eventually grow to over 50 feet high. Full sun and well-drained soil. Drought tolerant once established. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
A delightful form of Cyclamen coum, the round green leaves more splashed with silver than the straight species. A wonderful plant for dry shade where soil is well-drained, providing colorful foliage all winter and pink to white flower from fall to spring. Spreads by dividing the underground tubers to form lovely colonies under shrubs and anywhere color is wanted. To 5-10" tall forming small colonies. Frost hardy in USDA zone 5.
Our seedlings of these fall flowering beauties, taken from isolated plants of entirely silver-leaved forms. The same warm pink flowers appear early, at the end of August, and often continue into October and November giving way to way to sheets of silver leaves. Wonderful when interplanted with black mondo grass (Ophiopogon planiscarpus’Nigrescens’). Easy in USDA zone 6 or above in open areas of light shade and little disturbance. Has been grown successfully as low as zone 4 with culms mulched or planted a bit deep.
One of the hardiest cymbidiums and one of the most popular. Summer blooming, the sweetly fragrant flowers are straw-yellow to green amongst grass-like foliage. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8 where they can be grown outdoors in shaded conditions with humus rich, well-drained, somewhat gritty soil. Can also be grown in containers.
Native from Queensland, Australia to Japan, a slowly spreading perennial, to 12-18" tall, with green, strappy leaves from a pseudo bulb. Yellow and green flowers often have a maroonish blush at the base and always the intense fragrance of lemons in late winter to mid spring, occasionally in autumn. This vigorous garden clone shared with us years ago by the great Yucca Do Nursery. For damp but well-drained light shade. Frost hardy to brief periods in upper USDA zone 7. However, we recommend protection during long periods below 15 to 20 F, mid to upper zone 8. Superb pot plant to bring indoors while in flower.
Pale yellow flowers with darker veins on this summer to autumn flowering orchid. Bright light and regular misting with occasional water. Frost hardy in USDA zone 9, so try outside in a protected spot or in pots outside until a cold snap and then enjoy them inside for the winter. Best fertilized with special orchid food or, at least, bloom fertilizer.
A robust form from the Drakensburg Mountains of South Africa, collected by plantsman Panayoti Kelaidis, with strap-like leaves emerging in spring followed by yellow trumpets that first look a bit like daffodils. Best in bright conditions and well-drained but summer-damp soil. Frost hardy to at least 0 and 10F, USDA zone 7. Have proven hardy in the ground in Colorada. Stunning pot specimen.
Blooming all summer with small pink, yellow-centered flowers, this is a classic small dahlia, reaching only 12-18” tall, a nice addition to a perennial border accent among shrubs. Bees love them. As with all dahlias, good drainage keeps them healthy in winter; and water keeps them blooming in summer. Best in full sun but tolerates some shade. No need to lift the tubers in USDA zone 8 with good drainage.
Delicious perennial dahlia, a dense and shrubby form with dark, purple-bronze leaves and creamy orange flowers standing tall through the summer and early fall. To 4-5 ft tall and very upright, needing little if any staking. Sun and rich, loamy soil with regular water for a plant that keeps on giving. Cut back in late fall or early spring to refresh. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7.
Evergreen shrub, to 5 ft tall and wide, with mid-green leaves edged in creamy yellow. Handsome year round and especially lovely with its combination of pink bud and fragrant globes of star-shaped white flowers from midwinter into spring. Hardier and easier to grown than the species in sun to part shade, well-drained soil and summer moisture. Native to China and Japan and cold hardy to USDA zone 8.
The green leaved, white flowered ‘version’ of the common winter daphne. Rather easier in the garden in culture as well as design. Clusters of pink buds open to intensely fragrant star-shaped white flowers mid to late winter, offering great late winter cheer! Sun to part shade. Cold hardy to USDA zone 7.
An old fashioned garden plant that should still be used today with dense, 3-4 ft mounds of 1" narrow green foliage with light pink flowers, mostly in spring but happily popping up at almost any other time of the year if temperatures are not freezing. As well, orangey-red berries are produced on happy plants, adding to its fall and winter interest. Like other Daphnes, free drainage, bright light to dappled shade, occasional summer water, though this one is pretty drought tolerant, and little soil disturbance. Cold hardy to USDA zone 6.
A variegated form of a classic daphne with narrow, 1" leaves of sage-green edged in cream. These deciduous shrubs are dense enough to create a small hedge, to about 2-3 ft tall x 4 ft wide, covered with sweetly scented, white flowers, most profusely from late winter through early spring and occasionally year round. The custardy sweet fragrance makes it a perfect plant for the entrance garden. Best in part shade, possibly with mulch to keep the roots cool, and consistent summer water. Frost hardy to -30F, USDA zone 4.
Epiphytic orchid that handles cool temperatures and extended drought like a charm. A tough and variable species from E. Australia with flowers from white-pink to magenta-red and leaves from spring-green to winter-purple. Withstands temperatures down into the 20s F and sunny droughts for months at a time -- Mediterranean coastal climate stuff. Outstanding container plant. Beginners (probably) won't kill it, greenthumbs will make it thrive.
Bushy, slow-growing shrub, 10 ft x 10 ft, with tubular flowers scarlet to orange with yellow tips, in summer–autumn. Cherry sized fruits. Needs a cool, moist climate and acid soil that is moisture retentive, partially shaded location. Water well in dry spells. Cold hardy in USDA zones 8-9.
Clusters of green-tipped, dark red flowers in early summer on 18-24” long stems brighten any garden. Grassy foliage sprouts in late winter and goes dormant just as late spring flowers are opening. This West Coast native hybrid prefers sun to part shade and dry summers, accepting moisture only when actively growing. Frost hardy in USDA zone 5.
Dwarf and evergreen, hydrangea relative, adorned with clusters of sky-blue flowers in late summer followed by metallic turquoise berries that linger through winter. This selection stays under 2 ft tall and slightly wider, perfect for the small garden. Best in part sun with adequate water and happy in a container as well. Frost hardiness to 10F, USDA zone 8, is enhanced by planting in a protected spot, out of wind and perhaps with overhead protection.
A new dichroa on the scene in these parts, this steroidal, evergreen hydrangea easily reaches 6-8 ft with bold 6-8" leaves on purple tinted stems and nearly 6" cymes of mauve to light blue flowers in spring and summer (and throughout the year in mild areas), followed by the typical deep blue fruit. Provide even moisture and protect from drying winds and hot afternoon sun. Frost hardy to USDA zone 8.
This larger cousin of D. febrifuga is another of the evergreen members of the hydrangea family. From China and only recently available in the US, these shrubs reach 6-8 ft tall x 4 ft wide, the foliage a medium green becoming maroon in winter. Flowers are lace-caps, pinkish blue in this selection, and produce winter berries in metallic turquoise for extra winter interest. Half sun is best with regular summer water. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
Hummingbird magnet! A stunning, perennial, subshrub from Uruguay, to 18-24" wide and tall, with slender, velvety, gray foliage on erect or arching stems, lovely by itself, AND all summer into autumn, hummingbird food, two-lipped, rusty-reddish-orange, tubular flowers in upright clusters. To see is to covet. Best in sun with summer water but tolerates some shade and occasional periods of drought. Cold hardy in USDA zones 7-11.
Neatly compact, evergreen solomon's seal, spreading into clusters of dark green stems to only 18" tall with shiny green, 5" leaves and, in late spring to early summer, tiny white, sweetly aromatic bell-flowers hanging from the leaf undersides. A perfect size to fit under larger shrubs or small trees in the shaded garden or set amongst ferns. Drought tolerant once established but enjoys summer water especially in very dry periods. Frost hardy to -10F, USDA zone 6.
A still somewhat new and always lovely form of the Chinese fairybell, this with wide, deep gold centers in the green leaves, brightening any shady spot. Given to us by Ted Stephens of Nurseries Carolinianas and one of the prettiest selections so far. To only 30" tall, these have typical white, bell flowers in early summer followed by purple-black fruit. Rich, moist soil in light shade is best with regular summer water. Evergreen above 0F, USDA zone 7 and root hardy to -20F, USDA zone 5.
We thought we had a wonderful form of evergreen fairy bells ‘til plantsman Ted Stephens shared this lovely creature with its branching stems and leaves centered light gold. Having arrived here from Japan only a couple of years ago, ours has been a “doer” in our shade garden and has led to the retiring of other variegated clones. Gorgeous underplanted with black mondo grass. Dappled sun is best with even summer moisture. Stems that look tattered in spring can be easily cut to the ground. Evergreen to the mid teens F and root hardy in USDA zone 7, possibly into zone 6.
An exquisite variegated form of the Tasmanian pepperwood, the foliage marbled cream and yellow throughout, the yellow variegation becoming even more striking against the red stems as plants mature. I first observed this form, still unnamed, at an exhibition in London by Bluebell Nursery. They sent us their first propagation with the only caveat that it be named after it's discoverer ... and here it is. Though requiring the same conditions as the species -- sun to part shade with regular garden water and protection from drying winds -- this garden seedling, now about 8 ft in our garden, is, luckily, from hardy stock and, so far undamaged by a windy 20F. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Gorgeous aromatic tree from Mexico, Chile and Argentina, with lance-shaped, lustrous leaves, green above and a stunning pale blue-white beneath. Smaller than the species, reaching 10-15 ft, rarely to 25 ft. Flowers are fragrant, creamy white, in umbels of up to 20 blossoms, in spring to early summer. Plant in sun to part sun with shelter from wind and provide regular moisture. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zones 8.
Handsome, vase-shaped fern found in Mexico's high, alpine forests, in clumps to 4 ft tall and wide that produce sturdy, upright fronds throughout the growing season, an unusual habit in this genus. Prefers a sheltered location in part to full shade, and rich, hummusy soil with consistent moisture for best appearance. Cutting back old fronds in late winter allows for a fresh new appearance in spring. Evergreen in warmer zones and frost hardy to -20F, USDA zone 5.
Handsome and unusual, evergreen to semi-evergreen fern, to 20” x 20”, the shiny leaves shaped like the halberd of a sword with prominent mid veins. Fronds emerge pale green and mature to shiny dark, almost black, green. Discovered in Japan by Dr. Von Siebold and named in his honor. For shade to part shade with even moisture. Once established, reliably hardy to 5 F, mid USDA zone 7.
Native to the Caucasus mountains of northern Iran this hardier and more compact echium adds color and architecture to the garden with 16" red flower spikes over handsome fuzzy long narrow foliage. Flowers late spring through summer if early flowers are removed. Gritty well drained soil with little water in full sun are best. USDA zone 4.
2001 Cistus introduction retaining all the qualities we have come to know in Edgeworthia chrysantha, this upright shrub of bold texture, to 6-8 ft tall and wide, with large, 2" plus clusters of golden flowers begin appearing around the New Year or the end of January in the coldest places, on handsome, warm brown stems marked with leaf scars. The important features of our 'Nanjing Gold' form include particularly robust and fragrant flowers as well as, in our experience, less susceptibility to bud drop due to late summer/early autumn dryness. A winter architectural plant of bare stems, each divided into three and each bearing a down-turned cluster of buds. In summer, the leaves provide a lush, subtropical look. Most attractive maintained as a 1-3 stemmed plant and placed where the winter sun shining through the flowers can be enjoyed by all. Best in well-drained, evenly moist soil in full to part sun. Frost hardy in USDA zones 8-10.
A Cistus introduction, we were given a small plant of an orange flowered paper bush from Japan and although beautiful, was rather easy to kill with various rots or other coodies. This seedling is a bit larger to 5' or so, somewhat darker orange flowers producing a great abundance in mid to late winter, the fragrance wafting for some distance. Prefers some afternoon shade, and well drained soil, though adapts well to full sun if well watered. Sculptural container plant. USDA Zone 7.
Variegated olive relative, this with striking center markings of yellow and gold on dark green foliage ... or perhaps better described as yellow and gold foliage with a narrow, dark green margin. By either description a striking evergreen shrub, over time to 10 ft tall x 10 ft wide, with fragrant, white to cream flowers in the fall. Enjoys well-drained soil and average summer water. Plant in sun, where it holds its color very well, or part shade. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7.
Who knew that cardamom, native to the Malabar Coast of India where it grows wild in the understory of tropical rain forests, is actually a member of the ginger family and can grow to an astonishing 12' tall. Its long, lance-shaped, dark green leaves, some reaching 2' or so, have a pale underside that contributes to its soft and attractive, almost weeping, appearance. Because cardamom will only flower and fruit in tropical conditions, most grow it as a hothouse container plant. Needs moist soil and filtered shade. This form has been hardy for us in zone 8 and possibly zone 7 with mulch.
The Chilean flametree is stunning in late spring/early summer when it covers itself with bright scarlet flowers, tiny red ribbons. This protea relation is an excellent garden plant, evergreen in mild winters, deciduous when the temperature spends any time in the teens F. A slender tree, to 25 ft eventually in full to part sun, with regular water. Loves cool ground so best in a north aspect and/or with ground covering plants to protect the roots. No phosphorous fertilizer! Cold hardy to USDA zone 7b.
Recently discovered, vigorous, low-growing species from China with glossy dark green leaves and large, arresting flowers. White sepals with plum purple spurs--sometimes as many as thirty--hang from each stem in spring and sometimes again in fall. Excellent as am evegreen groundcover in shady areas. Height to 10" and spreading at a rate of 6-8" a year. Part sun to light shade best. Water occasionally in summer to keep from drying out. Divide in fall or spring. Frost hardy to USDA zone 5.
Gorgeous little barrenwort, selected by Harold Epstein for the chocolate-purple, spring foliage that forms a perfect backdrop for the large, late spring flowers of purple and white. Foliage turns green through the summer. To 8-12" tall and wide in part sun to dappled shade. Drought tolerant once established, but accepts summer water. Frost hardy to -30F, USDA zone 4. Said to be deer resistant!
The cheeriest of the evergreen epimediums, this with 18" clumps of glossy green, streaked purple and bronzy orange in the winter produces early to mid-Spring creamy yellow and white flowers in some abundance. A very good year-round plant for shade or morning sun, somewhat drought tolerant, though regular summer water boosts growth. We cut ours back every couple of years in mid-Winter to renew foliage. USDA Zone 5 or 6.
Stunning and rare epimedium found only in China's Wushan mountains, with long, to 10", and narrow, deeply veined leaves with distinct spines along the edges and red new growth fading to bronze before turning a lush green. Spring flowers are pale yellow and densely held above the foliage on stems to 2 ft tall. Part sun or light shade is best with regular summer water. Frost hardy to at least -20F, USDA zone 5 and expected to tolerate colder temperatures. Also said to be deer resistant.
Shared with us by eminent Portland garden, Stuart Fraser, this tree heather, though more compact than some green forms, still rises to 8-10 ft in fewer years. An eye-catching gold to chartreuse in winter and spring, changing to a light spring green in the heat of summer. White, late winter to spring flowers add to the sparkle. Sun to part shade with best coloring in sun. Summer moisture. Frost hardy to USDA zone 7.
Our collection of this most handsome species, still only tentatively identified, from central western Argentina producing 18" to 2 ft rosettes of stiffly arching leaves, deep green with a hint of silver veining and even serrations, with 6 ft spikes of cream flowers the same arching leaves and cream colored stems. At present the most asked after Eryngium in our garden. Just as easy care as the others, heavy or light soil, dappled to full sun. Probably hardy to 10F.
Compact and attractive, small, sea holly with leaves painted silver in intriguing patterns and, in mid summer, cream to steely blue flowers, thistle-like and strange, as if made of industrial steel. To 18 tall and spreading more widely. Though looking very like a dryland plant, these are quite happy in poorly drained soils and prefer regular summer water in almost full sun. Best left undisturbed after planting. Frost hardy to at least USDA zone 5.
Clumps of handsome, heart-shaped leaves produce 5 ft flower stalks with silvery blue flowers surrounded by spiky, prickly bracts, very whitish, very “ghostly.” Very striking and bees love ‘em from July - September.. For full sun and rich, moist soil - well-drained, of course. Frost hardy perennial in USDA zone 5. Though not long-lived, reseeds for continuance.
This species puts out impressive spiny flowers of a silvery-grey Flowers are excellent cut fresh and dry well. 2-3ft
This handsome foliaged sea holly from Morocco has evergreen basal leaves, marbled and veined in white, and 1 ft spikes of very blue, thistle-like flowers subtended by silvery, spiny bracts in early to mid summer. Easy in full sun or very light shade in any soil. Drought tolerant once established and best left undisturbed to protect the tap root. Frost hardy -20 F, USDA zone 5.
If you’ve ever walked around South Carolina, the itch you have may have been from the thorns of this pea family herbaceous shrub. Deep red bundles of petals drape from this 3 ft plant followed by handsome seed pods that last until hard frost. Sun, even moisture. Cold hardy to USDA zone 6.
Succulent bulbs from South Africa that produce long, fluted, fleshy leaves, in this form emerging purple in spring and maturing to olive-green edged in purple. Flowers are the typical "pineapple-on-a-stick" -- clusters of white flowers on a spike topped with a few leaves. Tolerates poor drainage and appreciates summer moisture in full to half sun. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7, possible zone 5/6 with mulch.
From the South African Drakensberg Mountains, these succulent bulbs produce fluted, bright green leaves edged purple in summer, and clusters of flowers late in the season that, from a distance, do appear much like a pineapple-on-a-stick. Tolerant of poor drainage but would appreciate summer moisture. Frost hardy to 0F, USDA zone 7 and possibly zone 5/6 with mulch.
Perennial bulbs from South Africa, the flowers resembling a pineapple just as the common name suggests. The leaves are a bit tropical and exotic, upright, light green and strappy, to 2.5 ft long, appearing in late spring. In late summer they surround a 12" flower stalk of white-blushed-pink, star shaped flowers with a little crown of green bracts at the top, providing more pineapple-ness. Not so choosy about soil as long as its well-drained or protected from winter rains. Average summer water. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Wonderful, large evergreen shrub, upright to 20 ft tall over time x 6-8 ft wide, with large, glossy green leaves and, in late summer-early autumn, large, handsome, fragrant white flowers. A naturally occurring hybrid of two Chilean species, E. glutinosa and E. cordifolia, these enjoy bright light in part shade with regular summer water. Accepting of somewhat heavy soils. Easily frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
Our name for a most beautiful sport of the well-known burning bush, with outstanding summer foliage of dark green evenly splashed with cream. Very striking. Smaller than is typical of the species, to 4-5 ft tall, but with the same green-tinged and red winged stems and the glorious purple-red autumn color of the species. Lovely as a small hedge or single specimen in part to full sun with a consistent source of water in dry climates. Frost hardy to -20F, USDA zone 5. A grand container specimen.
Tiny, tiny, tiny dwarf version of this evergreen shrublet, rising to only 6". The rounded dark leaves are tightly arranged into a pagoda-like effect. Need I say bonsai? Sun to shade with regular summer water. USDA zone 8.
Small, deciduous shrub, reaching only 3 ft tall and wide at the most, with an open habit of slender, arching branches and narrow, blue-green leaves that turn brilliant red in fall. Spring flowers are purple brown but hardly noticeable. It's the fruit they produce that is enchanting, pink, 4-chambered capsules with bright orange arils. Easy in part to full sun with regular summer water. Frost hardy in USDA zone 2.
A wonderful variegated form of the original Japanese aralia with typically palmate leaves that emerge spreckled overall in cream and white and mature to light green with white variegations. To 5 ft tall, this Japanese selection does well in shade or with morning sun, enjoying consistent summer water for best performance. Frost hardy in upper USDA zone 7 and a fine houseplant in colder climates.
A very old collection brought from the Castle at Cambridge in the United Kingdom to the garden of famed Portland gardener Margaret Mason, where it performed better than in Endland's cooler climate. To 15-20 ft with voluptuous pink-tinted figs, perfect with procisuetto on a crisp October day. A Portland icon, named by Cistus in concert with Margaret herself. Full to part sun and rich well-drained soil. Drought tolerant once established and frost hardy in USDA zone 8, lower with winter protection.
Hardy fig tree with fruit that’s yellow and green striped on the outside and has dark red flesh on the inside. Rich and wonderful flavor. Late ripening, so plant it in a hot spot. Grows to 20ft high and wide, but can be pruned hard each winter. Full sun, summer drough tolerant. Hardy to USDA zone 7.
A fig with dwarf habit that does great in containers. Delicious late-ripening fruit with purplish skin, red flesh, and sweet flavor. Full sun for best harvest. Hardy in USDA zones 7-10.
An old phenomenon, having floated around West Coast gardens for many years, given to us by Mannings Heather Farm in the early 1980s. Vining shrub with mitten-shaped leaves to 3 or 4", seldom exceeding 4- 6 ft unless carefully trained. We use ours clamoring through the bases of deciduous shrubs and against walls. Little tiny figs -- about 1 centimeter or so. Essentially evergreen but goes deciduous below 15 to 18F; freeze-back plant at 10 to 15F. Sun to shade with average water; accepts damp to drought. Frost hardy into upper USDA zone 7.
This cousin of the more common F. pumila, slightly tougher and a bit slower growing, has leathery pointed leaves of about 2-3” and the climbing, clinging, grasping, scraping, prying habits that we all desire… We have ours climbing the trunk of a trachycarpus palm, making a lovely green column. Shade or sun and occasional summer water for more vigorous growth. The best news: it has survived 0F, USDA zone 7, with little damage, though we still suggest mulching, at least where possible, when the next arctic express arrives.
Extremely rare native of China and Vietnam, this form collected by Dan Hinkley, a tree to 75 to 100 ft tall or so in its native habitat, in cultivation reaching 25 ft in a reasonable amount of time. This member of the cypress family has lovely sprays of red-tinted foliage, often silvery underneath. A pretty addition to any moist situation with careful drainage in dappled light to full sun. Not to be missed. Frost hardy to a little over 10F, USDA zone 8.
Another lovely plant in a genus we didn't think we really liked. Shared with us by Marshall Olbrich of Western Hills fame, this diminutive species remains under 2 ft with a pendulous, weeping habit. They have under 1", narrow leaves and produce a lighter-than-usual yellow flower in great abundance anywhere from January through March. Ranks almost with Jasminum nudiflorum in suitability for spilling over walls or placement on banks. Sun to dappled shade. Frost hardy to -10F, USDA zone 6; zone 5 with protection. (Also known as Forsythia suspensa.)
From Korea, a new forsythia on the scene, growing to about 4-6 ft and providing creamy yellow flowers in January, for us, in February and March in colder climates. The leaves present the most unique feature, patterned and veined with cream and white, the patterns becoming infused with pink and maroon as the late fall color settles in, for year round-interest rather than the one-shot show that forsythias usually provide. Plant as with other forsythias in sun to dappled shade and provide summer water in dry climes. Frost hardy to USDA zone 6.
A deep purple-black selection of hardy Fuchsia that pumps out large semi-double flowers from summer to fall to keep the hummers returning all season. A strong upright habit 4 to 5 ft. tall and 4 feet wide. Sun to part shade with regular water and afternoon shade is best. frost hardy USDA zone 8.
Old-fashioned yet seldom available, this lovely upright to 4 to 5' smothers itself with nearly gold to light green leaves tinted orange in sun with a long season of flowers of cherry red centered, dark purple. Evergreen in zone 9 perennial flowering early on new wood to the bottom of USDA zone 7. Surprisingly sun tolerant thought quite happy in dappled shade.
A cool, cute species from the Mexican central highlands, this petite flowered fuchsia is a sweet shade border addition. Tiny summer pink bells abundant. 4' mature plants sport peeling bark. Useful as a container plant as well. 15F.
One of only two species from New Zealand, this beach dweller grows only a few inches in height but behaves as a ground cover. The stems are wiry with round 3/8" leaves and, in true New Zealand style, the flowers are weird, under 1/2" and green infused with blue, yellow, and orange. Attractive, purple-black fruit follows late in the season. A great spiller for containers or amid bold leaved plants in the semi-shaded perennial garden. Even moisture. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Gorgeous gardenia selected by Buds & Blooms nursery for its stunning, double white, highly fragrant flowers, nestled on short stems amongst the glossy green leaves in early summer. Extra cold hardiness, to at least -10F, USDA zone 6 with reports in zone 5. We have not tried it at those temperatures and hopefully we never will but we would be happy to hear from anyone who does. Shrubs reach 4-5 ft tall and wide in part sun to full shade with consistent summer moisture to establish and through the growing season. Fertilizer and iron after blooming helps maintain foliage. Here's to gardenias in colder areas. Worth growing in container in even colder zones.
Tough, hardy, and lovely gardenia for USDA zone 7, down to 0F, really! Wonderfully fragrant, double white flowers in June and July, and occasionally in autumn when temperatures cool down. Compact evergreen shrub, to 3 ft, blooms in full to half sun with normal garden water. Developed by the late Chuck Hayes and Dan Milbocker at the Virginia Beach Research Station, VA.
A Cistus introduction. Lovely, variegated gardenia, with smallish, shiny, green leaves that are both streaked and spotted creamy whites ... in an attractive way. This compact, evergreen shrub, to only 3-4 ft tall x 2-3 ft wide, is vigorous to boot with large, semi-double flowers that rather resemble its relative, G. jasminoides 'Chuck Hayes'. As with other gardenias, sun except in the hottest places where part shade is preferred, rich soil, and regular summer water as well as generous offerings of nutrients and iron. Frost hardy in USDA zone 8.
The “more” gardenia -- more tough, more cold tolerant and sun tolerant, more adaptable, and said to be more deer resistant -- not to mention beautiful! Double white flowers are extremely fragrant and profuse, continuing over a long season beginning in spring. They can even take a bit of spring frost without dropping. Evergreen, to 2-3 ft tall and a bit wider, and happy in full sun to part sun with summer water where dry. Definitely frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8, and expected well into the upper reaches of zone 7.
Winter-blooming evergreen shrub, to 5-15 ft tall, with shiny and thick, green, oval leaves and, long clusters of hanging catkins -- petal-less tassels with hints of purple and yellow -- followed by blue-black berries. Native to mountainous areas of Oregon and California, these plants accept sun to part shade in well-drained soil, tolerating summer moisture but drought tolerant once established. These dense shrubs make good screens or hedges and provide wonderful cover for birds and other creatures. Frost hardy to -10 F, USDA zone 6.
Evergreen shrub to small tree -- 6 ft up to a possible 15 ft over time -- native to Texas, Arizona and New Mexico. Wonderful for those tough environments. Leathery leaves are yellow green above, light green and a nice, contrasing light green below. White tassels in late spring followed by purplish blue berries. Best in coarse, well-drained soil and sun. Low water requirements. Frost hardy to 12F, lower USDA zone 8.
Apricot-peach-orange flowers with yellow and red markings in the throat held on narrow, 4 ft stalks -- what's not to love? -- open in early summer on this gladiolus of mysterious. Discovered at an abandoned homestead in mountainous Boone, NC, by Jeff Owens, a county extension agent, and studied by several plantsmen, this amazing glad made its way to market with its origins still unknown. Happy in full sun, multiplying and seeding itself to provide lots of plants to share. Frost hardy to at least -10F, USDA zone 6, with many claims of easy survival in zone 5.
From the Drakensberg region of eastern S. Africa, this buddleja relative grows 4-6' with soft gray leaves of a narrow 1" or so and white warm-season flowers. A plant, unfortunately, people seem to stay away from in droves when in nursery containers, it really is a lovely garden plant. Really. Bright sun, occasional summer water. We cut ours back every year or two to maintain luxuriant growth. Frost hardy to USDA zone 7.
Large and bold, winter flowering, evergreen shrub to small tree, to 10 ft or so, and nearly as wide. Leaves are long and narrow, a nice texture with the cheerful, spidery winter flowers of orange-red. Easy in a full sun garden and well-drained soil with little to no supplemental summer water once established. As with all proteas, beware of any fertilizer containing phosphorous. Frost hardy to USDA zone 8.
One of the Poorinda hybrids, thought to be a cross between G. juniperina and a yellow G. victoriae. An evergreen shrub, up to 8-10 ft tall and wide. With long leaves- dark green above and silvery on the undersides, and clusters of soft, frilly, yellow to apricot flowers in late winter through spring and occasionally throughout the year. Best in sun and lean, well-drained soil, with little water once established. Can be shaped in mid summer for best appearance. Frost hardy into the low teens F, USDA zone 8.
This Western Hills Nursery form is far superior to all others of the species. Extremely floriferous, this evergreen shrub reaches 6 ft or a bit more. The foliage is handsome and olive-like, lighter on the undersides, and the orange flowers brighten a winter day, for hummingbirds as well. Full sun, good drainage, and average summer moisture. As with all proteas, avoid fertilizers with potassium or phosphorous. Frost hardy to 15F, mid USDA zone 8.
Silver leaved protea relative from Australia, this selection from the University of British Columbia. Reaches 4-6 ft in time and has “spidery” orange flowers all winter. Best with full sun, well-drained soil and occasional summer water. Do NOT fertilize (it will respond by snuffing it.) As with all proteas, dislikes phosphorous. Super cold hardy, easily handling temperatures in USDA zone 8.
Lovely and unusual evergreen shrub, to 10 ft tall by 6-7 ft wide, with shiny, leathery variegated leaves -- green with a large, creamy white central splash -- and a dense, upright habit. Easily pruned to shape as a striking specimen or dense hedge. Spring flowers are yellow-green but hardly noticeable though they produce purple berries in autumn. A good coastal plant, tolerating sun and wind. Enjoys part shade inland and rich soil with regular summer water everywhere. Frost hardy to 10F, USDA zone 8.
Portofino Small Hall Table - French Furniture - Classic Antique furniture manufacturer and wholesaler
Developing and making a rewarding web marketing service endeavor is a serious accomplishment for lots of sole proprietors. Selecting the most ideal marketing technique to construct your service is not very common. For your website consulting service to grow, you have to identify which marketing technique to utilize. You need to keep these methods in mind if you truly wish to build your company.
Commemorate each turning point as your web marketing company grows, however do not take each advance as a reason to take a break. The very best companies are continuously preparing for brand-new growth and heftier goals. As you strive for success, make absolutely sure to remain concentrated and devoted to your SEO and website design business. Weathering the unavoidable storms of business world is easier when you try to find much better methods of doing things and remain open up to brand-new recommendations.
Going over different concepts with your staff members can be a fantastic approach to clarify your ideas about making those hard choices for the SEO and web design company. One practical technique of making your preparation sessions simpler is to make a plain list of pros and cons. Both of they really are time-tested techniques that can assist you assess all your choices and make the absolute best decision. have a peek at this web-site to fulfill an expert in developing companies when you find yourself feeling reluctant about the following move for your company.
Never ever presume that you've reached success in your web marketing service. You need to constantly be setting brand-new requirements, or your company will stop growing and die. If you stay notified with your industry's latest trends, you'll keep finding out methods you can construct your website speaking with company. Likewise, keep tabs on market patterns in order to develop brand-new methods of improving your service.
Sites with qualified style and professionalism are basic for all companies. There are professional website designers available to make a spectacular website for you in case you are not able to do it, or lack the time. Your site will draw in visitors with visually-appealing templates and well-placed images. Numerous web marketing company owner believe that their website simply isn't really a top priority, however considering that most consumers acquire their information online it is vital to a growing company.
Search engine optimization (SEO) is always changing, due to such diverse factors as Google updates, evolving technologies and shifting user expectations. Large enterprises must adapt their SEO efforts accordingly, but that can be easier said than done. In a new statement to the press, Sefati Consulting Group — a leading enterprise SEO agency — reveals its top five enterprise SEO tips for 2018. Sefati Consulting Group Reveals Top Enterprise SEO Tips for 2018 - Press Release - Digital Journal
When companies provide the very best services and products consistently, success makes certain to follow. Improving your sales and developing a generous monetary cushion is reasonably simple if your SEO and web design business focuses on providing the very best products on the market and supplying incredible customer care. Customer referrals will typically occur when you give a client excellent experience with every purchase. If you set your sights on being the very best in the web marketing business, no one can stop you.
Connected Hull has delivered workshops across the city that have engaged people of all ages discovering the advantages of collecting and sharing remote data, but how does the technology behind it work?
The project is built on top of the Things Network, a global movement that democratises data connectivity and makes it possible for communities to deploy their own radio networks.
The Things Network uses LoRaWAN technology; an emerging radio protocol that has a number of unique advantages over existing solutions.
The geography of Hull is largely flat so we were able to install just a few base stations that would receive LoRaWAN messages and forward them onto the Things Network servers, which in turn forward the data onto our Connected Hull server. The data is stored in a database for the Connected Hull servers, before it is displayed as graphs and tables.
Users can view the data in the website or access it programmatically via a json api to incorporate in their own application. Alternatively, users can connect directly to the Things Network servers and have the data forwarded onto them if they are technically confident.
The goal of Connected Hull was to be inclusive, and by adopting this modular architecture it makes it possible for anyone to make a start by receiving data, while still permitting advanced uses to get access to the raw data.
This approach was also taken when providing facilities for programming the devices that would be in the field collecting data.
The devices can be programmed in Python or via drag and drop blocks. Also, by providing access to other people’s projects, new users can explore already working code and then adapt and remix the code for their own applications.
The project submitted by the 'Sunscreen Superstars' team at our recent Ada Lovelace Day has received a special recognition award from the judges of the Pioneers Challenge.
Congratulations to the group and we look forward to hearing more digital making tales on their return from the Pioneers Summer Camp at Google HQ next week.
The KS3 students designed a project with a purpose to protect peers from harmful sunlight. The young digital makers measured UV levels and processed the data to display warning lights when it was time to apply more suncream.
Their code has already been remixed and has inspired others to make inventions that help make the world better. The project shows that computing has applications in the outdoors and is not just confined to the classroom.
Introduced to Vaughn Curnow from Project Blyth earlier this year, we were gripped within minutes by the exciting learning opportunities offered by the programme!
Run by the Greenpower Education Trust, Sunday 16th July 2017 saw the culmination of many collaborations centred around inspiring young people through STEM.
Teams of students, ranging in age from 9 years to Post-16, raced single seat electric cars that they'd built over time with the support of industry mentors. The circuit was located around the KCOM Stadium in Hull.
Our Connected Hull project was able to support by offering research and trials of telemetry possibilities via The Things Network, particularly to teams we'd worked with during prototype phases of hardware and software.
One school was Francis Askew Primary in Hull, and you can hear their team of 9-11 year old engineers talking about using sensors and data collection to impact on their own driving performance.
The podcast below also includes snippets from their teacher about how future developments with sensor technology can support them with particular aspects of car efficiency.
This week's workshop was an Ada Lovelace Day, with a focus on collecting data to support peers and inspire and challenge 30 students joining us from two schools across Hull.
Computing teachers from Sirius Academies North and West planned with us to launch a range of computing and data activities for the girls to solve and build throughout the event.
The Pioneers Outdoor Challenge from the Raspberry Pi Foundation was received positively by the groups and teams were encouraged to document their projects with video diaries and submit their ideas and inventions.
Inventions centred around temperature, humidity, air pressure and UV data sets collected, with wide-ranging applications to support peers.
Some involved alerting friends to high temperatures at the beach, heat concerns with pets, phones and siblings in cars (that wasn't the prioritised order!), or UV levels and suggesting ideas to stay sun safe.
Others were based on supporting medical needs, with one project in particular using temperature data to assist a family member with Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
Great to see so much positive collaboration and problem solving throughout the event, with outcomes to make such a positive difference in their own communities.
There are more examples of community projects using Raspberry Pi and sensor nodes across Hull. Join us to hear their data and listen to the music created for the city's collaboration piece as Sam Aaron joins us on Thursday 13th July.
Click the title for information about the forthcoming wayfinding signs along the Connective Corridor.
The Connective Corridor is a public-private partnership focused on creative placemaking, urban revitalization, complete streetscapes, sustainability and smart growth. The Corridor links academic institutions on University Hill with downtown central business districts and neighborhoods, and connects an arts and cultural district featuring more than 30 venues. It represents the largest new civic infrastructure investment in the City of Syracuse in many decades, creating new pedestrian pathways, streetscapes, green infrastructure, bikeways, redesigned public spaces and public art. It has been a catalyst for new private sector investment and is a living urban laboratory for multi-disciplinary teams of faculty and students working on research and implementation projects across the Connective Corridor. It has been recognized nationally and internationally for its collaborative model, and for excellence in planning, engineering and design. It is a true example of civic entrepreneurship, and we hope other communities learn from our best practices and implement initiatives like this across the country.
Native Title Representative Bodies: The challenge of strategic planning | Centre for Aboriginal Economic Policy Research
This discussion paper is the result of empirical research. The argument is driven by the question of what constitutes appropriate and practical Native Title Representative Body (NTRB) responses to the proposed amendments where legislation is expected to focus on organisational structure, administrative and financial processes and policy procedures. All NTRBs will be affected by the scale of the proposed administrative changes as issues of control, representation and accountability are common operational concerns across the board. However, material from the case study suggests the amendments are more likely to impact significantly on the capacity of smaller regional organisations to respond effectively. The wider administrative emphasis given to concern with control, representation and accountability are discussed with reference to how at least one NTRB can develop responses which are both practical and realistic in policy terms.
Indigenous boarding schools under threat unless ABSTUDY issues urgently addressed - Media Release ISCA
Updated: 15 June 2009/Responsible Officer: Centre Director/Page Contact: CASS Marketing & Communications
Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher: The Bible Unearthed. Archaeology´s New Vision of Ancient Israel and the Origin of Its Sacred Texts. The Free Press, New York 2001.
cedar wood garage doors price a how to cost door repair london ontario sale near me sunday opener canadian tire,garage sale near me online frosted glass door cost doors modern canada customer service,glass garage doors cost modern door price repair london ontario windsor sale near me uk,garage door repair toronto homestars sale near me craigslist canada coupons overhead doors anchor window,garageband mac download translucent garage door home sale near me online uk,garage doors canada door repairs mississauga pimp your with these makeover ideas sale near me,glass garage door cost ideas doors home depot sales barrie opener on sale,garageband pc garage sale near me uk translucent door fiberglass doors opener kijiji,garage door repair ottawa poly translucent overhead doors sale near me uk,garage door bronze anodized frame with clear glass doors windsor repair sarnia near me.
In the 1700s on the island of Sagrario, men who love other men find safe haven. For Francis Holland, an escaped indentured servant, Sagrario offers nothing but loneliness. His life begins to change when he finds Wick, a merman, washed ashore.
When Wick awakens under Francis’s care, Francis returns him to the sea at his request. Soon after, they begin to meet in secret, and gradually, Francis blossoms under this new companionship. However, a merman is a difficult creature to entrust one’s heart to. With one trapped on land and the other at sea, the differences in their species threaten to keep them apart forever. It may not be long before Wick is gone, taking Francis’s reason to smile with him
I do love fairy tale style, and mermen stories <3 This story from Piper came to life after a prompt from me, and the outcome was just so wonderful I adored it from start to finish. The cover is the cherry on the cake.
Melanie Tushmore. Writer of men with men, book fan, music nerd. Shuns beefcake men in favour of skinny, pretty-boys with long hair and guyliner.
Disclaimer - Unless otherwise stated, the photos/videos used in this blog are not mine, and are posted for inspirational content only. If you see your photo and want it taken down, please contact me.
Giselle Palmer has brought Lucas Frost in for a photoshoot. Things start off innocently enough, but as Giselle gets a..
This guy knows his teen girlfriend wants to be a photo model, but he doesn't have the money for her first portfolio...
Exclusive symbol necklace from the fresh brand Babes&Wolves by We-like. For rad girls who dare to dream and dare to be different!
A relatively small city of 7 square miles and 60,000 residents, Lancaster City is located within driving distance of Washington DC, Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, Delaware beaches and the Jersey shore. But the City of Lancaster is about so much more than our geographic location. Lancaster City is a place where historic preservation and a cutting-edge arts scene live and thrive side by side; a city of neighborhoods that are safe and welcoming; a city that encourages entrepreneurship and investment; a city that values the cultural, ethnic, and diverse lifestyles of our residents and guests.
Join the City of Lancaster and Mahan Rykiel for a community meeting regarding Lancaster Square on Wednesday, November 7 from 6 to 8 p.m. in Council Chambers, City Hall, 120 N. Duke St.
The project team will present a summary of public outreach and the preliminary design process, and how this effort shaped the preferred design of the public plaza.
Next Tuesday, November 6 is the first Tuesday in November - Election Day! The City will be closed for Election Day.
- There WILL be trash collection. Trash, recycling and bagged leaves will be collected as regularly scheduled. If you have any questions, please call the Solid Waste Hotline at (717) 291-4744.
The public is invited to join Lancaster Public Art at a reception for “Queering the Arts,” an exhibit honoring the queer experience, in City Hall Gallery, 120 N. Duke St., on Friday, Nov. 2, at 5 p.m. The show will run through the end of November.
The exhibit is in celebration of LGBT History month in October, and Transgender Awareness Week and the Day of Remembrance on Nov. 20.
They criminalized the disease of leprosy, and anybody they suspected of having it they rounded up, arrested, and put into the cattle stalls of inter-island ships and essentially shipwrecked them in this isolated prison.
Solzhenitsyn’s warning of Western decline is as relevant today as it was twenty-five years ago. [In some ways it is even more relevant today!]
Iam sincerely happy to be here with you on the occasion of the 327th commencement of this old and illustrious university. My congratulations and best wishes to all of today’s graduates.
Harvard’s motto is “VERITAS.” Many of you have already found out and others will find out in the course of their lives that truth eludes us as soon as our concentration begins to flag, all the while leaving the illusion that we are continuing to pursue it. This is the source of much discord. Also, truth seldom is sweet; it is almost invariably bitter. A measure of truth is included in my speech today, but I offer it as a friend, not as an adversary.
Three years ago in the United States I said certain things that were rejected and appeared unacceptable. Today, however, many people agree with what I said . . .
The split in today’s world is perceptible even to a hasty glance. Any of our contemporaries readily identifies two world powers, each of them already capable of destroying each other. However, the understanding of the split too often is limited to this political conception: the illusion according to which danger may be abolished through successful diplomatic negotiations or by achieving a balance of armed forces. The truth is that the split is both more profound and more alienating, that the rifts are more numerous than one can see at first glance. These deep manifold splits bear the danger of equally manifold disaster for all of us, in accordance with the ancient truth that a kingdom — in this case, our Earth — divided against itself cannot stand.
There is the concept of the Third World: thus, we already have three worlds. Undoubtedly, however, the number is even greater; we are just too far away to see. Every ancient and deeply rooted self-contained culture, especially if it is spread over a wide part of the earth’s surface, constitutes a self-contained world, full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking. As a minimum, we must include in this China, India, the Muslim world, and Africa, if indeed we accept the approximation of viewing the latter two as uniform.
For one thousand years Russia belonged to such a category, although Western thinking systematically committed the mistake of denying its special character and therefore never understood it, just as today the West does not understand Russia in Communist captivity. And while it may be that in past years Japan has increasingly become, in effect, a Far West, drawing ever closer to Western ways (I am no judge here), Israel, I think, should not be reckoned as part of the West, if only because of the decisive circumstance that its state system is fundamentally linked to its religion.
How short a time ago, relatively, the small world of modern Europe was easily seizing colonies all over the globe, not only without anticipating any real resistance, but usually with contempt for any possible values in the conquered people’s approach to life. It all seemed an overwhelming success, with no geographic limits. Western society expanded in a triumph of human independence and power. And all of a sudden the twentieth century brought the clear realization of this society’s fragility.
We now see that the conquests proved to be short lived and precarious (and this, in turn, points to defects in the Western view of the world which led to these conquests). Relations with the former colonial world now have switched to the opposite extreme and the Western world often exhibits an excess of obsequiousness, but it is difficult yet to estimate the size of the bill which former colonial countries will present to the West and it is difficult to predict whether the surrender not only of its last colonies, but of everything it owns, will be sufficient for the West to clear this account.
But the persisting blindness of superiority continues to hold the belief that all the vast regions of our planet should develop and mature to the level of contemporary Western systems, the best in theory and the most attractive in practice; that all those other worlds are but temporarily prevented (by wicked leaders or by severe crises or by their own barbarity and incomprehension) from pursuing Western pluralistic democracy and adopting the Western way of life. Countries are judged on the merit of their progress in that direction. But in fact such a conception is a fruit of Western incomprehension of the essence of other worlds, a result of mistakenly measuring them all with a Western yardstick. The real picture of our planet’s development bears little resemblance to all this.
The anguish of a divided world gave birth to the theory of convergence between the leading Western countries and the Soviet Union. It is a soothing theory which overlooks the fact that these worlds are not evolving toward each other and that neither one can be transformed into the other without violence. Besides, convergence inevitably means acceptance of the other side’s defects, too. and this can hardly suit anyone.
If I were today addressing an audience in my country, in my examination of the overall pattern of the world’s rifts I would have concentrated on the calamities of the East. But since my forced exile in the West has now lasted four years and since my audience is a Western one, I think it may be of greater interest to concentrate on certain aspects of the contemporary West, such as I see them.
A decline in courage may be the most striking feature that an outside observer notices in the West today. The Western world has lost its civic courage, both as a whole and separately, in each country, in each government, in each political party, and, of course, in the United Nations. Such a decline in courage is particularly noticeable among the ruling and intellectual elites, causing an impression of a loss of courage by the entire society. There are many courageous individuals, but they have no determining influence on public life.
Political and intellectual functionaries exhibit this depression, passivity, and perplexity in their actions and in their statements, and even more so in their self-serving rationales as to how realistic, reasonable, and intellectually and even morally justified it is to base state policies on weakness and cowardice. And the decline in courage, at times attaining what could be termed a lack of manhood, is ironically emphasized by occasional outbursts and inflexibility on the part of those same functionaries when dealing with weak governments and with countries that lack support, or with doomed currents which clearly cannot offer resistance. But they get tongue-tied and paralyzed when they deal with powerful governments and threatening forces, with aggressors and international terrorists.
Must one point out that from ancient times a decline in courage has been considered the first symptom of the end?
When the modern Western states were being formed, it was proclaimed as a principle that governments are meant to serve man and that man lives in order to be free and pursue happiness. (See, for example, the American Declaration of Independence.) Now at last during past decades technical and social progress has permitted the realization of such aspirations: the welfare state.
Every citizen has been granted the desired freedom and material goods in such quantity and in such quality as to guarantee in theory the achievement of happiness, in the debased sense of the word which has come into being during those same decades. (In the process, however, one psychological detail has been overlooked: the constant desire to have still more things and a still better life and the struggle to this end imprint many Western faces with worry and even depression, though it is customary to carefully conceal such feelings. This active and tense competition comes to dominate all human thought and does not in the least open a way to free spiritual development.)
The individual’s independence from many types of state pressure has been guaranteed; the majority of the people have been granted well-being to an extent their fathers and grandfathers could not even dream about; it has become possible to raise young people according to these ideals, preparing them for and summoning them toward physical bloom, happiness, and leisure, the possession of material goods, money, and leisure, toward an almost unlimited freedom in the choice of pleasures. So who should now renounce all this, why and for the sake of what should one risk one’s precious life in defense of the common good and particularly in the nebulous case when the security of one’s nation must be defended in an as yet distant land?
Even biology tells us that a high degree of habitual well-being is not advantageous to a living organism. Today, well-being in the life of Western society has begun to take off its pernicious mask.
Western society has chosen for itself the organization best suited to its purposes and one I might call legalistic. The limits of human rights and rightness are determined by a system of laws; such limits are very broad. People in the West have acquired considerable skill in using, interpreting, and manipulating law (though laws tend to be too complicated for an average person to understand without the help of an expert). Every conflict is solved according to the letter of the law and this is considered to be the ultimate solution.
If one is risen from a legal point of view, nothing more is required, nobody may mention that one could still not be right, and urge self-restraint or a renunciation of these rights, call for sacrifice and selfless risk: this would simply sound absurd. Voluntary self-restraint is almost unheard of: everybody strives toward further expansion to the extreme limit of the legal frames. (An oil company is legally blameless when it buys up an invention of a new type of energy in order to prevent its use. A food product manufacturer is legally blameless when he poisons his produce to make it last longer: after all, people are free not to purchase it.)
I have spent all my life under a Communist regime and I will tell you that a society without any objective legal scale is a terrible one indeed. But a society based on the letter of the law and never reaching any higher fails to take full advantage of the full range of human possibilities. The letter of the law is too cold and formal to have a beneficial influence on society. Whenever the tissue of life is woven of legalistic relationships, this creates an atmosphere of spiritual mediocrity that paralyzes man’s noblest impulses.
And it will be simply impossible to bear up to the trials of this threatening century with nothing but the supports of a legalistic structure.
Today’s Western society has revealed the inequality between the freedom for good deeds and the freedom for evil deeds. A statesman who wants to achieve something highly constructive for his country has to move cautiously and even timidly; thousands of hasty (and irresponsible) critics cling to him at all times; he is constantly rebuffed by parliament and the press. He has to prove that his every step is well founded and absolutely flawless. Indeed, an outstanding, truly great person who has unusual and unexpected initiatives in mind does not get any chance to assert himself; dozens of traps will be set for him from the beginning. Thus mediocrity triumphs under the guise of democratic restraints.
It is feasible and easy everywhere to undermine administrative power and it has in fact been drastically weakened in all Western countries. The defense of individual rights has reached such extremes as to make society as a whole defenseless against certain individuals. It is time, in the West, to defend not so much human rights as human obligations.
On the other hand, destructive and irresponsible freedom has been granted boundless space. Society has turned out to have scarce defense against the abyss of human decadence, for example against the misuse of liberty for moral violence against young people, such as motion pictures full of pornography, crime, and horror. This is all considered to be part of freedom and to be counterbalanced, in theory, by the young people’s right not to look and not to accept. Life organized legalistically has thus shown its inability to defend itself against the corrosion of evil.
And what shall we say about the dark realms of overt criminality? Legal limits (especially in the United States) are broad enough to encourage not only individual freedom but also some misuse of such freedom. The culprit can go unpunished or obtain undeserved leniency — all with the support of thousands of defenders in the society. When a government earnestly undertakes to root out terrorism, public opinion immediately accuses it of violating the terrorist’s civil rights. There is quite a number of such cases.
This tilt of freedom toward evil has come about gradually, but it evidently stems from a humanistic and benevolent concept according to which man — the master of the world — does not bear any evil within himself, and all the defects of life are caused by misguided social systems, which must therefore be corrected. Yet strangely enough, though the best social conditions have been achieved in the West, there still remains a great deal of crime; there even is considerably more of it than in the destitute and lawless Soviet society. (There is a multitude of prisoners in our camps who are termed criminals, but most of them never committed any crime; they merely tried to defend themselves against a lawless state by resorting to means outside the legal framework.)
The press, too, of course, enjoys the widest freedom. (I shall be using the word “press” to include all the media.) But what use does it make of it?
Here again, the overriding concern is not to infringe the letter of the law. There is no true moral responsibility for distortion or disproportion. What sort of responsibility does a journalist or a newspaper have to the readership or to history? If they have misled public opinion by inaccurate information or wrong conclusions, even if they have contributed to mistakes on a state level, do we know of any case of open regret voiced by the same journalist or the same newspaper? No; this would damage sales. A nation may be the worse for such a mistake, but the journalist always gets away with it. It is most likely that he will start writing the exact opposite to his previous statements with renewed aplomb.
Because instant and credible information is required, it becomes necessary to resort to guesswork, rumors, and suppositions to fill in the voids, and none of them will ever be refuted; they settle into the readers’ memory. How many hasty, immature, superficial, and misleading judgments are expressed everyday, confusing readers, and then left hanging?
The press can act the role of public opinion or miseducate it. Thus we may see terrorists heroized, or secret matters pertaining to the nation’s defense publicly revealed, or we may witness shameless intrusion into the privacy of well-known people according to the slogan “Everyone is entitled to know everything.” (But this is a false slogan of a false era; far greater in value is the forfeited right of people not to know, not to have their divine souls stuffed with gossip, nonsense, vain talk. A person who works and leads a meaningful life has no need for this excessive and burdening flow of information.)
Hastiness and superficiality — these are the psychic diseases of the twentieth century and more than anywhere else this is manifested in the press. In-depth analysis of a problem is anathema to the press; it is contrary to its nature. The press merely picks out sensational formulas.
Such as it is, however, the press has become the greatest power within Western countries, exceeding that of the legislature, the executive, and the judiciary. Yet one would like to ask: According to what law has it been elected and to whom is it responsible? In the Communist East, a journalist is frankly appointed as a state official. But who has voted Western journalists into their positions of power, for how long a time, and with what prerogatives?
There is yet another surprise for someone coming from the totalitarian East with its rigorously unified press: One discovers a common trend of preferences within the Western press as a whole (the spirit of the time), generally accepted patterns of judgment, and maybe common corporate interests, the sum effect being not competition but unification. Unrestrained freedom exists for the press, but not for readership, because newspapers mostly transmit in a forceful and emphatic way those opinions which do not too openly contradict their own and that general trend.
Without any censorship in the West, fashionable trends of thought and ideas are fastidiously separated from those that are not fashionable, and the latter, without ever being forbidden have little chance of finding their way into periodicals or books or being heard in colleges. Your scholars are free in the legal sense, but they are hemmed in by the idols of the prevailing fad. There is no open violence, as in the East; however, a selection dictated by fashion and the need to accommodate mass standards frequently prevents the most independent-minded persons from contributing to public life and gives rise to dangerous herd instincts that block dangerous herd development.
In America, I have received letters from highly intelligent persons — maybe a teacher in a faraway small college who could do much for the renewal and salvation of his country, but the country cannot hear him because the media will not provide him with a forum. This gives birth to strong mass prejudices, to a blindness which is perilous in our dynamic era. An example is the self-deluding interpretation of the state of affairs in the contemporary world that functions as a sort of petrified armor around people’s minds, to such a degree that human voices from seventeen countries of Eastern Europe and Eastern Asia cannot pierce it. It will be broken only by the inexorable crowbar of events.
I have mentioned a few traits of Western life which surprise and shock a new arrival to this world . The purpose and scope of this speech will not allow me to continue such a survey, in particular to look into the impact of these characteristics on important aspects of a nation’s life, such as elementary education, advanced education in the humanities, and art.
It is almost universally recognized that the West shows all the world the way to successful economic development, even though in past years it has been sharply offset by chaotic inflation. However, many people living in the West are dissatisfied with their own society. They despise it or accuse it of no longer being up to the level of maturity by mankind. And this causes many to sway toward socialism, which is a false and dangerous current.
I hope that no one present will suspect me of expressing my partial criticism of the Western system in order to suggest socialism as an alternative. No; with the experience of a country where socialism has been realized, I shall not speak for such an alternative. The mathematician Igor Shafarevich, a member of the Soviet Academy of Science, has written a brilliantly argued book entitled Socialism; this is a penetrating historical analysis demonstrating that socialism of any type and shade leads to a total destruction of the human spirit and to a leveling of mankind into death. Shafarevich’s book was published in France almost two years ago and so far no one has been found to refute it. It will shortly be published in English in the U.S.
But should I be asked, instead, whether I would propose the West, such as it is today, as a model to my country, I would frankly have to answer negatively. No, I could not recommend your society as an ideal for the transformation of ours. Through deep suffering, people in our own country have now achieved a spiritual development of such intensity that the Western system in its present state of spiritual exhaustion does not look attractive. Even those characteristics of your life which I have just enumerated are extremely saddening.
A fact which cannot be disputed is the weakening of human personality in the West while in the East it has become firmer and stronger. Six decades for our people and three decades for the people of Eastern Europe; during that time we have been through a spiritual training far in advance of Western experience. The complex and deadly crush of life has produced stronger, deeper, and more interesting personalities than those generated by standardized Western well-being. Therefore, if our society were to be transformed into yours, it would mean an improvement in certain aspects, but also a change for the worse on some particularly significant points.
Of course, a society cannot remain in an abyss of lawlessness, as is the case in our country. But it is also demeaning for it to stay on such a soulless and smooth plane of legalism, as is the case in yours. After the suffering of decades of violence and oppression, the human soul longs for things higher, warmer, and purer than those offered by today’s mass living habits, introduced as by a calling card by the revolting invasion of commercial advertising, by TV stupor, and by intolerable music.
All this is visible to numerous observers from all the worlds of our planet. The Western way of life is less and less likely to become the leading model.
There are telltale symptoms by which history gives warning to a threatened or perishing society. Such are, for instance, a decline of the arts or a lack of great statesmen. Indeed, sometimes the warnings are quite explicit and concrete. The center of your democracy and of your culture is left without electric power for a few hours only, and all of a sudden crowds of American citizens start looting and creating havoc. The smooth surface film must be very thin, then, the social system quite unstable and unhealthy.
But the fight for our planet, physical and spiritual, a fight of cosmic proportions, is not a vague matter of the future; it has already started. The forces of Evil have begun their decisive offensive. You can feel their pressure, yet your screens and publications are full of prescribed smiles and raised glasses. What is the joy about?
How has this unfavorable relation of forces come about? How did the West decline from its triumphal march to its present debility? Have there been fatal turns and losses of direction in its development? It does not seem so. The West kept advancing steadily in accordance with its proclaimed social intentions, hand in hand with a dazzling progress in technology. And all of a sudden it found itself in its present state of weakness.
This means that the mistake must be at the root, at the very foundation of thought in modern times. I refer to the prevailing Western view of the world in modern times. I refer to the prevailing Western view of the world which was born in the Renaissance and has found political expression since the Age of Enlightenment. It became the basis for political and social doctrine and could be called rationalistic humanism or humanistic autonomy: the pro-claimed and practiced autonomy of man from any higher force above him. It could also be called anthropocentricity, with man seen as the center of all.
The turn introduced by the Renaissance was probably inevitable historically: the Middle Ages had come to a natural end by exhaustion, having become an intolerable despotic repression of man’s physical nature in favor of the spiritual one. But then we recoiled from the spirit and embraced all that is material, excessively and incommensurately. The humanistic way of thinking, which had proclaimed itself our guide, did not admit the existence of intrinsic evil in man, nor did it see any task higher than the attainment of happiness on earth. It started modern Western civilization on the dangerous trend of worshiping man and his material needs.
Everything beyond physical well-being and the accumulation of material goods, all other human requirements and characteristics of a subtle and higher nature, were left outside the area of attention of state and social systems, as if human life did not have any higher meaning. Thus gaps were left open for evil, and its drafts blow freely today. Mere freedom per se does not in the least solve all the problems of human life and even adds a number of new ones.
And yet in early democracies, as in American democracy at the time of its birth, all individual human rights were granted on the ground that man is God’s creature. That is, freedom was given to the individual conditionally, in the assumption of his constant religious responsibility. Such was the heritage of the preceding one thousand years. Two hundred or even fifty years ago, it would have seemed quite impossible, in America, that an individual be granted boundless freedom with no purpose, simply for the satisfaction of his whims.
Subsequently, however, all such limitations were eroded everywhere in the West; a total emancipation occurred from the moral heritage of Christian centuries with their great reserves of mercy and sacrifice. State systems were becoming ever more materialistic. The West has finally achieved the rights of man, and even excess, but man’s sense of responsibility to God and society has grown dimmer and dimmer. In the past decades, the legalistic selfishness of the Western approach to the world has reached its peak and the world has found itself in a harsh spiritual crisis and a political impasse. All the celebrated technological achievements of progress, including the conquest of outer space, do not redeem the twentieth century’s moral poverty, which no one could have imagined even as late as the nineteenth century.
As humanism in its development was becoming more and more materialistic, it also increasingly allowed concepts to be used first by socialism and then by communism, so that Karl Marx was able to say, in 1844, that “communism is naturalized humanism.”
This statement has proved to be not entirely unreasonable. One does not see the same stones in the foundations of an eroded humanism and of any type of socialism: boundless materialism; freedom from religion and religious responsibility (which under Communist regimes attains the stage of antireligious dictatorship); concentration on social structures with an allegedly scientific approach. (This last is typical of both the Age of Enlightenment and of Marxism.) It is no accident that all of communism’s rhetorical vows revolve around Man (with a capital M) and his earthly happiness. At first glance it seems an ugly parallel: common traits in the thinking and way of life of today’s West and today’s East? But such is the logic of materialistic development.
The interrelationship is such, moreover, that the current of materialism which is farthest to the left, and is hence the most consistent, always proves to be stronger, more attractive, and victorious. Humanism which has lost its Christian heritage cannot prevail in this competition. Thus during the past centuries and especially in recent decades, as the process became more acute, the alignment of forces was as follows: Liberalism was inevitably pushed aside by radicalism, radicalism had to surrender to socialism, and socialism could not stand up to communism.
The communist regime in the East could endure and grow due to the enthusiastic support from an enormous number of Western intellectuals who (feeling the kinship!) refused to see communism’s crimes, and when they no longer could do so, they tried to justify these crimes. The problem persists: In our Eastern countries, communism has suffered a complete ideological defeat; it is zero and less than zero. And yet Western intellectuals still look at it with considerable interest and empathy, and this is precisely what makes it so immensely difficult for the West to withstand the East.
I am not examining the case of a disaster brought on by a world war and the changes which it would produce in society. But as long as we wake up every morning under a peaceful sun, we must lead an everyday life. Yet there is a disaster which is already very much with us. I am referring to the calamity of an autonomous, irreligious humanistic consciousness.
It has made man the measure of all things on earth — imperfect man, who is never free of pride, self-interest, envy, vanity, and dozens of other defects. We are now paying for the mistakes which were not properly appraised at the beginning of the journey. On the way from the Renaissance to our days we have enriched our experience, but we have lost the concept of a Supreme Complete Entity which used to restrain our passions and our irresponsibility.
We have placed too much hope in politics and social reforms, only to find out that we were being deprived of our most precious possession: our spiritual life. It is trampled by the party mob in the East, by the commercial one in the West. This is the essence of the crisis: the split in the world is less terrifying than the similarity of the disease afflicting its main sections.
If, as claimed by humanism, man were born only to be happy, he would not be born to die. Since his body is doomed to death, his task on earth evidently must be more spiritual: not a total engrossment in everyday life, not the search for the best ways to obtain material goods and then their carefree consumption. It has to be the fulfillment of a permanent, earnest duty so that one’s life journey may become above all an experience of moral growth: to leave life a better human being than one started it.
It is imperative to reappraise the scale of the usual human values; its present incorrectness is astounding. It is not possible that assessment of the President’s performance should be reduced to the question of how much money one makes or to the availability of gasoline. Only by the voluntary nurturing in ourselves of freely accepted and serene self-restraint can mankind rise above the world stream of materialism.
Today it would be retrogressive to hold on to the ossified formulas of the Enlightenment. Such social dogmatism leaves us helpless before the trials of our times.
Even if we are spared destruction by war, life will have to change in order not to perish on its own. We cannot avoid reassessing the fundamental definitions of human life and society. Is it true that man is above everything? Is there no Superior Spirit above him? Is it right that man’s life and society’s activities should be ruled by material expansion above all? Is it permissible to promote such expansion to the detriment of our integral spiritual life?
If the world has not approached its end, it has reached a major watershed in history, equal in importance to the turn from the Middle Ages to the Renaissance. It will demand from us a spiritual blaze; we shall have to rise to a new height of vision, to a new level of life, where our physical nature will not be cursed, as in the Middle Ages, but even more importantly, our spiritual being will not be trampled upon, as in the Modern Era.
The ascension is similar to climbing onto the next anthropological stage. No one on earth has any other way left but — upward.
It’s battle time! Some of you may have heard that Raspberry Pi 2 is out with more punch than ever. Just how much more? Well, apt-get dist-upgrade went about 5 times faster with the new Pi. With 1 GB of RAM and four cores, this will definitely be a boost for my home SSH box ergonomics over the previous version.
But what about hacking? There has been a lot of interest in getting GPIO benchmarks for the Pi 2 similar to my earlier Raspberry Pi GPIO benchmark. Well here it is! Please refer to the earlier article for source code and nice screenshots of square waves, as I’ll concentrate on the performance difference only here. You can also get the code from Github:
All the Pi 1 benchmarks were ran 14th and 15th February 2015 using latest versions of the libraries as stated in my updated benchmark post. Pi 2 benchmarks were all run 25th and 26th March 2015 with the latest versions. If you get significantly different results at a later date, please let me know and I’ll update the table!
* We have limited quantity of 1382060-01 in stock. Our inventory changes constantly and quantities listed are based on available stock. This item comes with our 100% Money-Back Guarantee.
If you ever have questions or concerns about your Lexmark 1382060-01 order, contact our Customer Service Department. Friendly customer service reps are available to assist you with your order.
Code Micro is the IT Professional's Choice for computer hardware and genuine Lexmark replacement parts. We have loyally served our customers since 1994. Our product expertise, quality customer service, competitive pricing -- on items like this Lexmark 1382060-01 Color Cartridge For Inkjet 2070 -- are a few of the reasons why more IT Professional buy from Code Micro everyday.
Professionalism, attention to detail and affordable prices are what you can expect when you work with us. If you can’t find exactly what you’re looking for in our products section, call us and we’ll do everything in our power to get you what you need.
Fotografien von New York City , Big Apple , Manhattan , Himmel über Manhattan Brooklyn Bridge ,Central Park,
If you have any problem with this, please let me know, but I assure you that this is the way to do it.
Ich war gestern Nacht die ganze Nacht auf, derselbe Traum, dieselben Gesichter, dieselben Fragen, die mich über 20 Jahre lang heimgesucht haben. Ich war ein Kind einer Familie von Zeugen Jehovas, ich selbst war nie Zeugin Jehovas. Ich sage das so deutlich, weil meine Beteiligung erzwungen war und meine Unterwürfigkeit durch Strafe und Einschüchterung erworben wurde. Ich wurde für eine Zeit von etwa 5 Jahren von einem Dienstamtgehilfen missbraucht, der auch zufällig mein Stiefgroßvater war. Mein Stiefvater trat leider in die Fußstapfen seines Vaters. Mein Leben als Kind war mit einem Kriegsgefangenenlager vergleichbar, Prügel, Demütigung, Ächtung und Isolierung, Gehirnwäsche ... und das war nur der Anfang. All mein Leben habe ich dieselben Fragen gestellt, die nie beantwortet wurden ... WARUM WARUM WARUM? Ich betete und las in der Bibel und habe mich auf jede einzelne Zusammenkunft vorbereitet, bitte Jehova, beschütze mich, mach dem ein Ende. Ich machte einen Handel mit Gott, wenn du es aufhören lässt, widme ich dir mein Leben. Aber es hörte nicht auf. Ich sagte es so vielen in der Versammlung, und so machte es auch meine kleine Schwester. Niemand half uns, niemand rettete uns. Wir haben uns an den Hände gehalten und gebetet, aber statt dass unsere Gebete beantwortet wurden, wurden die Dinge schlechter. Wir hatten eine große Besprechung bei uns im Haus, all die Ältesten und meine Mama und Stiefpapa und wir Kinder. Wir wurden aufgefordert, aufzuhören, T-Shirts und Pullover und Bluejeans zu tragen. Wir führten ihn in Versuchung, es war unsere Schuld. Meine Mutter wurde aufgefordert, abzunehmen, so dass mein Stiefvater sich sexuell zu ihr hingezogen fühlte. Es waren jedermanns Fehler, aber nicht seine. Er zeigte keine Reue, und sie ließen uns dort, um zu zahlen. Bezahlung fürs Erzählen, Bezahlung fürs Bitten um Hilfe. Meine Mutter hasste uns, wir waren jetzt Konkurrenz. Mein Stiefvater prügelte uns schlimmer, er kam ungeschoren davon, und jetzt hatte er keinen Grund, Angst zu haben. Die Versammlung mied uns, wir waren in den Häusern der Gleichaltrigen nicht willkommen, die Leute flüsterten über uns. Wir hatten keinen Umgang mit der "Welt", wir hatten nichts und niemanden, nur einander. Wir entkamen schließlich alle, mein Bruder lief mit 15 davon, meine Schwester mit 14, und ich ging mit 16. Wir hatten alle Probleme mit Drogen- und Alkoholmissbrauch. Schlechte Ehen und psychiatrische Behandlungen, sowohl stationär als auch ambulant. Weder meine Schwester noch ich können in eine Kirche gehen, obwohl das jetzt 20 Jahre her ist. Es ist wie jedes Mal, wenn man im Restaurant isst und eine Lebensmittelvergiftung bekommt, man kann sich nicht einmal ein Restaurant ansehen, ohne magenkrank zu werden. Ich kann keinen Königreichssaal oder eine Kirche ansehen, dann zittern meine Knie und ich verspüre den unbestreitbaren Drang, wegzulaufen. Ich habe Frieden mit meiner Vergangenheit, meiner Mutter, die mich nie schützte, meinem Großvater, der mich liebte, doch 5 Jahre lang missbrauchte, und sogar mit meinem Stiefvater gemacht, dessen Sadismus unser Leben schlimmer als jede Hölle machte, die die Bibel beschreiben könnte. Ich vergebe ihnen, sie waren krank. Aber all die Brüder und Schwestern in unserer Versammlung, die ihre Augen von unserem Leiden abwandten, die unseren Schmerz, unseren Hunger und unsere Qual hätten mildern können, für die kann ich keine Vergebung finden. Sie sagen, dass es ihre Pflicht als Christen ist, für ihren Glauben verfolgt zu werden, ich sage, dass die auf uns als Kinder gehäufte Verfolgung ihre Verfolgung zu nichts macht. Möge jeder von ihnen die Hälfte der Qualen erleiden, die meine Schwestern und Brüder in der halben Zeit erlitten, und möge Gott Erbarmen mit ihren Seelen haben. Danke, Silentlambs, dass du mir eine Stimme gibst und meine Scham linderst.
Lie down facing up and leaning on your elbows and your knees slightly bent till you are well balanced,then lift your hips forming a straight line from your head to your heels.
Hold this position for 10-20 seconds.Then roll to your side,hips lifted,with your left elbow and forearm on the floor to support your weight and help you balance.
Then roll to the floor facing down use your elbows and forearm for stability,lift your hips and keep a straight line from head to toes,then count 10-20 seconds.
Directory of Import And Export located in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and other areas in the United Arab Emirates.The spring and fall shoulder seasons yield pleasant weather, manageable. Book now from the official website of the luxurious Capital Gate hotel in Abu Dhabi connected to the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre (ADNEC).
Moving average vs buy and hold type fulltime registered nurse pcu ann arbor options in trading x and y how to win in review the activity of financial.Stock market velocity (Proven ways to make money online) You a stay at home the ad Available in norwood ma on indeed min uploaded by jpingollconursing from.
Premier Inn Abu Dhabi Airport offer guests an inviting mix of comfortable hotel rooms, convenient business services and leisure facilities.
Home: About Us: Locations and Key Contacts: Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi.His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, and Chairman of Abu.
See the sites of both amazing cities with our special combination ticket.List of prices in Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates) for food, housing, transportation, going out, and more on May 2016.
Apprentice technician (night-time) automotive service and parts, greensboro, nc online home based business norton simon, Getting money online earn extra from home. I.
Click here to view listings on properties for rent in Abu Dhabi, UAE - commercial and residential UAE properties.Hotels at Abu Dhabi International Airport for transit passengers and visitors to Abu Dhabi. The Commander-in-Chief of Abu Dhabi Police stressed their eagerness in providing women with the necessary support and empowering them,.This Trade Show is a 2 day event and will end on 16th November.
See who you know at National Bank of Abu Dhabi, leverage your professional network. The company is registered with the Department of Economic Development of Abu Dhabi.Big Bus Tours offers a combined Dubai and Abu Dhabi tour ticket.If you want to receive the in-depth training in Abu Dhabi, enrol at the Regional Educational Institute.The Procurement and Warehouses Department at the General Directorate of Finance and Support Services of the Abu Dhabi Police.Given two addresses in Abu Dhabi, it finds the distance between them and estimates the fare for taxi services.Forex Training, Free training to greatly improve your forex experience.Located in the heart of the bustling city centre, Kingsgate Hotel Abu Dhabi offers cosy accommodation and impeccable amenities to discerning guests.
Abu Dhabi weather forecast from AccuWeather.com. Extended forecast in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates for up to 25 days includes high temperature, RealFeel and chance.
Abu Dhabi Hotels and Resorts - Select your Hotel in Abu Dhabi UAE and get absolute Discount on your Hotel Reservation.Meaning of vested stock options executive director stock market growth under obama game reviews a great deal of assistance to the trader as.
Abu Dhabi Tourism: TripAdvisor has 152,398 reviews of Abu Dhabi Hotels, Attractions, and Restaurants making it your best Abu Dhabi resource.
NCEP GFS 8-Day Weather Forecasts for anywhere on Earth NCEP GFS 8-Day Weather Forecasts for anywhere on Earth
Rationalization Knowledge of the eligibility conditions is critical in appraising the validity, applicability, and comprehensiveness of an evaluation. Hence, authors need to unambiguously specify eligibility criteria used in the evaluation.
They're more totally mentioned in box six. The scientific and methodological selections are frequently based upon discussions throughout the evaluation crew and will be far more subjective.
Authors really should point out no matter whether scientific tests will likely be excluded given that they do not include (or report) unique outcomes to assist visitors confirm whether the systematic evaluate may be biased as a consequence of selective reporting.42 forty three
If a quantitative synthesis is done, some scientists confer with this for a meta-analysis. This definition is similar to that located in the current version of the Dictionary of Epidemiology
Specify any assessment of threat of bias that could influence the cumulative evidence (such as publication bias, selective reporting in just scientific tests).
Supplied the potential function of systematic reviews in choice creating, we imagine authors really should be transparent with regard to the funding and the job of funders, if any. In some cases the funders will give companies, like Those people of the librarian to finish the searches for pertinent literature or usage of professional databases not available to the reviewers.
It's consequently useful if authors can refer audience to your protocol (see product five) and archive their extraction kinds (see product ten), like definitions of variables. The printed systematic review must contain a description on the procedures used with, if appropriate, specification of how readers can get see page usage of further resources.
88 As a result, it is vital for authors to describe any procedures that they utilized to gauge the potential risk of bias inside the provided scientific studies And just how that facts was applied.89 Moreover, authors should really provide a rationale if no assessment of hazard of bias was carried out. The preferred term to explain the issues applicable to this product is “quality,” but for The explanations that are elaborated in box four we prefer to name this product as “assessment of risk of bias.”
Systematic evaluation A systematic overview attempts to collate all Learn More empirical evidence that matches pre-specified eligibility requirements to reply a certain research question.
Study and assessment stage: “Our study has several constraints. The caliber of the scientific studies sites different. Randomization was ample in all trials; having said that, seven in the articles did not explicitly state that analysis of data adhered to the intention-to-take care of basic principle, which could lead to overestimation of remedy influence in these trials, and we couldn't assess the quality of 4 in the five trials described as abstracts.
To begin with this complete procedure was termed a meta-analysis and was so defined from the QUOROM assertion.eight Additional not too long ago, especially in Health care investigation, There was a trend in the direction More Bonuses of preferring the expression systematic review. If quantitative synthesis is performed, this previous phase by itself is generally known as a meta-analysis. The Cochrane Collaboration works by using this terminology,nine less than which a meta-analysis, if done, is actually a element of a scientific evaluate.
The consistency of benefits across trials may well impact the choice of no matter whether to mix demo ends in a meta-analysis.
You are already assigned to refer to a shoe retailer with outlets all over the country. Since its revenue is dropping, the corporate has proposed to provide meals at its merchants. How would you recommend this client?
The outcomes on the intervention being assessed—for example mortality, morbidity, signs or symptoms, or Standard of living advancements—ought to be Obviously specified as have a peek here They're required to interpret the validity and generalisability from the systematic critique’s success.
If you need design or manufacturing services, the Reflective Concepts team is here for you. A high quality and cost effective reflective lighting manufacturing process is as simple as emailing or calling us right now.
Visit reflector.com/Photos to share pictures or email them along with caption information (date, location and a short sentence about the subject) to yourphotos@reflector.com.
June 2016 newsletter | Vancouver BC Reiki Master Teacher Classes | Healing, Exchange and Public Clinic Sessions | Dowsing & Clearing | Reflexology
A... Many opinions and none have worked for anyone nor me: In TCM it is deemed unhappy kidneys; in Ayurvedic Health it may be liver; and so many other postualtions... Here's a possibility:
A simple, fast, non-toxic and FREE manner to improve your appearance. Watch this easy facial rejuvenation exercise to remove under eye bags, dark circles and wrinkles with acupressure.... worth trying for 10 days according to these folks - http://youtu.be/CKcthwadUNo
Learn more about Facial Rejuvenation Acupressure, and more exercises with Anne Cossé at http://www.faceliftaunaturel.com
Dr Bruce Lipton, the famous cellular biologist, who just keeps on passing on wisdom - easily comprehended and vitall to our health and basic outlooks on how things work - The Biology of Perception - put an hour aside; grab some organic popcorn and a glass of wine and have a fine evening http://youtu.be/WnmaiWWZ3fc
The basics are covered in The Biology of Belief at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjj0xVM4x1I (... includes the description of the BIG JOKE - the Mapping Efforts of the Human Genome! at the 10 minute mark - and BL was pushing this mistake back in 2000!)
(You may remember her from previous emails where I pointed to her great YouTube lectures on the damage inflicted by cholestrol meds and statins and exactly why)
How’s your tail bone? Many people have fallen on their tailbones over the years and have no poblems and some people wish their lower back and tailbones were happier, less tight, less cranky and less painful and more limber. Your tailbone - and sacrum and coccyx is also connected to your spleen, energetically. Your spleen is an integral part of your immune system and blood health. A happy tailbone is important.
A great healer, Hanna Kroeger, who was famous for her Colorado Healing Retreat where she used her intuitive and dowsing skills, as well as her herbal knowledge, can be seen working on a tailbone to adjust and revitalize the coccyx and spleen (white blood cells). Watch this short clip of Hanna Kroeger working - very delightful - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRYX5D6ZlcA. Grab a buddy, watch it again together and give it a try - it needs some strength - Hanna Kroeger is a tough lady and makes it look easy - the results are worth it - do it often.
Now’s the season - and your opportunity - to get your selenium. Selenium is an essential trace mineral that is vital to good health and speeds healing. It helps your body make selenoproteins, a group of some 30 antioxidant enzymes, including four variants of the ultra important glutathione peroxidase. These help prevent cellular damage from free radicals (such as cell membranes and the membranes of your red blood cells, too) and perform many other care-giver chores.
Plant foods are the major dietary sources of selenium. But it can also can be found in some meats and seafood. The content of selenium in food - plant or animal - depends on the selenium content of the soil where these plants are grown or animals are foraging (and if the animals are caged then it’s only as good as the feed or junk they are submitted to). But, all things are relative. If there is selenium in the ground, then some plants will pull them up through their roots into their cells. If there isn’t any in the ground, then we don’t get any from these foods - no matter whose list they are on! As all the foods grown in green houses have their nutrients artifically added to their hydroponic fluids / soils, we know we aren’t getting it there, either! (Those bell peppers will look gorgeous on the food shelves without selenium, too...) and they aren’t adding this mineral because you or Merrie Bakker are sitting there kvetsching and hoping about the lack of it...
So, your strongest food source is Brazil nuts - they can contain anywhere from 0 (none in soil) to 550 micrograms per ounce (great soil). And when this mineral is eaten in organic form there is no toxic limit. Now is the season. All nuts are healthy - but Brazil nuts top the list by far to top up your selenium. Happy snacking.
Keep buying them all year - way better than those stinky selenium supplements and so mobile - just toss some into your purse, desk drawer or glove compartment - and always have them on hand
Why do they sell junk food in hospitals and at the cancer clinic cafetaria - obviousy they know what there're doing - so I'll stick with what they serve.
Start with the assumption that all foods are useful. Also start with the assumption that all research is biased and that research now means something different than in the old days - it's now meaning "looking something up on the internet and picking what 'looks' right.
To make food choices less daunting, we can star by including all foods - and then start to edit and tweek and weed out the undesireables.
Carbs: all baked goods that have soy flour in them (mainly all cheap baked goods, pastas, breads, crackers, buns and bakery doo-dads) as soy flour is unfermented and definately not made for human consumption! Most baked goods have both wheat flour of some sort and SOY flour - we just didn't know! People often react to wheat but often the soy that accompanie sit (because it is cheaper) is the culprit and cause the huge amount of intolerance that exists at the moment. At Starbucks I still enjoy the oat bar. At Cobs Bread I'm most grateful for their croissants and healthy Cape Seed Bread. Terra Breads are my favorite - also at Choices markets and elsewhere about my city... so you see - lots of choice - no suffering - no conundrums!
Proteins: eat them all - accept avoid all non-organic meats and eggs, all farmed fish and obviously all soy - except fermented soy (such as natto, miso and tamari sauce). By the way, did you know that canned salmon is wild? It seems that farmed salmon turns to mush in the can!
Fats: avoid all nasty oils that have been tortured or never even saw a drop of oil to start with (margarine, sunflower, safflower, mazola, etc.)
Water: drink nothing that comes packaged in plastic. Don't store water in plastic during the day - always carry water around in glass or metal.
Look up the stats - most bottled water is of the same quality as Vancouver tap water. True fresh spring water is the best - and most of our springs have beem shut down.. esp sad and politically twisted was the closure of the very popular one in Surrey. Not all spring water is worthy - some have unwanted heavy metals.
Drinking amounts depends on so much on circumstances - weight and activity. A sedentary, petite, young lady eating lots of fruits and vegetables should drink less than half of the amount that a sweating, big brute of a construction worker would consume, esp if he goes for a few beers afterwards.
- feeling abandoned, disconnected and as a 'fish out of water' - drink less if you feel bloated til the problem resolves
Then you can pick out a few special targets - foods to avoid and others to add in - become your own specialist - tweek to taste.
Carbs: avoid all high fructose corn products - go on line and see all the different names used to bamboozle the consumer. Start becoming more familar with organic vegetables and purchase those that can make a big health difference due to mineral content. Replace raw spinach and kale in smoothies with raw parsley in smoothies (and cook the former in interesting ways - such as with lots of garlic and some butter). Make root vegetable chips in your own oven to replace commercial french fries).
Fermented foods - add these in - and better still - make them at home - simpler than explaining how to do this, is by watching 7 minutes of a Dr Mercola video that gets serious at the 11 minute mark - https://www.youtube.com/embed/05lVOmj1Pqg?feature=oembed.
Fermented vegetables add somewhat to our intestinal K2 requirements (inspite of Dr Mercoas exagerated clais on the video, as well as that it keeps the existing gut flora happy and propagating!
Proteins: avoid shrimp from Asian countries (grown in human excrement); no bacon; make your own yoghurt. Focus on eating at least some gouda and brie cheeses - these are extremely helpful foods for providing the K2 that our gut needs to keep the bacteria in our bodies happy and keen. (K1 is related to blood coagulation).
Fats: avoid cheap peanut butter (the peanut oil is replaced with cottonseed oil and not specificed on the labels);
assume you will never know how pure your olive oil is no matter what the price... but it is still better to make your own salad dressings and mayo than store bought as the former is full of MSG and unpronouncible items and chemicals for colour, flavour, stabilizers and preserving chemicals.
Start your blender with an egg yolk, some proper salt, real lemon juice and a clove of garlic and let it whirl for 30 seconds and then verrrrry slowly dribble in a few drops of olive oil, then a bit more and then a tiny stream till you have poured about 3/4 cups of the oil of choice and things start to thick and the motor slows down (try fresh flax oil or substitute with some other healthy combinations). Then, for fun, you can add a handful of parsley, just as things start to thicken. In any case - this is so-oooo healthy - a dip, a salad dressing a base for other kinds of sauces for fish or vegetables - all things possible.
Water: buy a portable Berkefeld water filter for on the kitchen counter and through out the dinky little filter gizmos that became popular in the late '90s.
The moral dilemas of nutrition are complicated, too. It's not honest enough to say that there is enough protein in vegetables to make us very healthy (... and a little smug at times) because people might atually believe this type of conjured up and self-serving advice. Our bodies' healing and repair needs protein. Enzymes, hormones and even K2 are proteins - I want mine to be the best! And I don't want my body to have to struggle to put it all together in the face of possibly more important jobs it has to do! Why create dillemas?
Take spinach, for example, the poster child of the 'vegetables have enough proteins' argument. One cup of packed raw spinach contains 9 grams of protein and so it is believed that all you have to do is eat or juice 5 pounds of vegetables a day to get by... That simple logic may sell product and fans and customer loyality, but...
The proteins in most vegetables and fruits are far from complete - the essential aminos acids in most vegetable are just a few, or limited or in trace amounts. And a food, or a meal, is only as valuable and as protein-potent as the smallest amount of the available essential amino acids.
The many more non-essential amino acids will find their own way to get together and work hard... those we can ignore.
It would actually take 25 pounds of vegetables per day if we really wanted to do it right; or 18 cups of coconut meat per day; or 7 cups of sprounted lentils PLUS enough foods to make up for the complete lack of tryptophan. Or one and one half cups of soaked almond AND more foods high in methionine and tryptophan to make up the almonds' lack therefo!
Millions of dollars have been made by gurus of the vegan world but follow the money before you follow the advice!
The renowned vegetarian - the health ranger of NaturalNews.com - Mike Adams - has come forward, of late, about his dual take on all things vegetarian - and good for him - he raises animals in Texas - cute little video at - http://www.healthranger.com/Baby-Geese-Run-Exercise.html.
the famous cellular biologist, Dr Bruce Lipton, who just keeps on passing on wisdom - easily comprehended - The Biology of Perception - put an hour aside; grab some organic popcorn and a glass of wine and have a fine evening http://youtu.be/WnmaiWWZ3fc
Group treatments allows everyone to give and receive Reiki and allows an opportunity to increase your Reiki session experience; to meet Reiki like-minded friends; and to abandon any thoughts of being "rusty".
Every practitioner receives their turn of a GROUP hands-on treatment and the exchange ends with sharing, discussion, snacks.. and Q & A. All you need is to have taken Level One Reiki from myself or a reputable Reiki Master.
Reiki Level Two Weekend Workshop - 16 hour Weekend Class - November 15, 16 - 10am to 6pm-ish - both days and more details at http://www.reflexologyreiki.com/classes. Especially good for 'lapsed' practitioners - come and review what you learned in the past and move forward and take Level Two and become EALLY proficient!
Reiki Level One Weekend Workshop - 16 hour Weekend Class - November 29, 30 - 10am to 6pm-ish - both days - and more details at http://www.reflexologyreiki.com/classes. A serious class - where we take baby steps and move from simple feeling exercises to being able to pass energy on with abandon. No fake-it-till-you-make it here!
Group Benefits - Evening Tapping - EFT - Emotional Freedom Techniques - December 4th - 6:30pm - Vancouver BC - Everyone Welcome! Bring a Problem! Give me a call and see if this is right for you.
June 14 - Saturday, Feng Shui for House Hunting & Selling with MARLYNA LOS, Classical Feng Shui Master http://fengshuiconsulting.infofor details, location and registration and 604-339-8878, info@fengshuiconsulting.info at Flüff Design, 1363 McLean Drive, Vancouver, BC
June 14, 15 - Saturday & Sunday - 2 Days in Vancouver, BC - Joy & Abundance Medical ChiGong Workshop - Learn to send Chi to yourself in Original Medical Chi Gong from China Form, 10am - 3:30pm, $145 CAD, with Generational Master Teresa Yeung of The Seventh Happiness School of Chi Gong / Wu &Yeung® Qi Gong Wellness Institute - http://www.masterteresa.com; Information:http://www.masterteresa.com/vancouver.html and Registration:
This email is full of bits and pieces as a lot of health issues have come to the fore with clients and some are worth sharing.
1. Reiki Level One Certification Class - this coming weekend of February 2nd and 3rd - 10am to 6pm both days (I‘ve included an outline at the end of this email - very worthwhile).
3. On March 10th is our quarterly Reiki Practitioner Exchange - 2pm to 6pm; followed by a really, really healthy pizza (please bring a snack to share, if you are staying for dinner after the Reiki Share). A bit about reiki Exchanges at the end of this email.
Several clients lately had just been talked into having IUD’s or were contemplating them. I certainly don’t know a 100% foolproof method of birthcontrol. The body temperature method (rhythm) is the only one I know as not harmful but not perfect. (Abstinence is inhumane...)
Many natural ingredients are able to firm our skin and also constrict blood vessels just a bit, which results in a "lifted" appearance. It’s temporary, but a natural mask can give you a nice boost.
1 tablespoon of witch hazel. (on hand if you are a reflexologist and can be purchased in small bottles for under $8 at drug stores
And if you really want to ramp up your beauty treatment naturally with facial gym, then this is the way: a most pleasant experience - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh7dBkF-0NY
Dr Joseph Mercola puts out a fine newsletter. In spite of claims he makes that everything in his mind contributes to cancer, short of sneezing, I hold his insights in high regard. He has just sent out an article on hydrogenation and it is worth reading – easy and non-technical (and the included slide show may not work on a cell phone) - so we will not be snookered in the future by “tastes like butter” and all those other fake margarines by other names and trans fats info lies - http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/01/27/soybean-oil.aspx?e_cid=20130127_SNL_Art_1&utm_source=snl&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=20130127
A more expanded version of Hanna’s Method for the spleen and coccyx connection by an osteopath from Toronto who also studied with her, is at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh7dBkF-0NY and a continuation of thi spiece at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62UkRmog8f4
(David Slater talks about arsenic, nickel, lead and mercury in the muscles and how this is related to unhappy tailbones in some cases)
The diet Hanna Kroeger refers to in the video is similar to the Moerman Diet (offered in hospitals in The Netherlands when you have cancer... Can you see that at VGH?)
The Moerman diet is mainly eggs and juice which removes toxins in the stomach and helps revitalize the bone marrow.
This empowering full day Basic REFLEXOLOGY class is comprehensive and encompasses everything you need to know to give a yor family, friends and loved ones a serious session. There may be some people who wish to work with a reflexology buddy - 10% discount for each of you, if you bring a friend or mate.)
Learn ALL the BASICS and take home a very comprehensive manual so that you'll always have information to refer to.
Whatever your vision for your future may be, start with this thorough course, and know you have something valuable in your tool kit to work with.
Everyone receives lots of personal attention and the class is limited to 4 participants. You will feel empowered to do a good job.
The feet reflect the whole body. This energizing work passes energy to the organs and the entire nervous system. This is really fun to learn.
3. Pacific Holistic REIKI Exchange for PRACTITIONERS takes place from time to time in Kerrisdale, Vancouver, BC.
Here you participate with other Reiki practitioners of diverse backgrounds. Group table treatments in this supervised setting allows you to give and receive Reiki and gives you an opportunity to increase your Reiki session experience, to make Reiki like-minded friends and to abandon any thoughts of being "rusty".
The exchange starts with a guided meditation and a mini class, promptly at 3:00pm and ends more or less at 6pm. Every practitioner receives a treatment and the exchange ends with sharing, discussion and Q and A.
All you need is to have taken Level One Reiki from myself or a reputable Reiki Master. And if you are staying for dinner, please bring a nutritious salad or dessert along with you to the share.
...it's been a challenging year – chemo / radiation and more of same. The Reiki sessions with Merrie allowed me to sleep during the worst times and helped me to go into those hellish radiation sessions with very empowering pictures in my mind and allowed me to feel protected and sped up my healing.
I can’t always remain calm and relaxed during my present, stressful care-giving time. These “time-out” Reiki sessions are a God-send! The healing has definitely helped me and I feel spoiled. Thank you, Merrie. (The bible describes healing as one of the gifts of the spirit in 1 Corinthians 12:4 - YOU BET!)
My Reiki One class material was full of varied and comprehensive information and moved along really quickly. Merrie's instruction used visualizations, humor, guided meditations, some videos, tapes, small practice sessions that built upon each other, great music and food. No time was wasted, the histiry was enormousy thoroughly covered and even lunch time was well spent for sharing and Q & A. She’s very patient and down to earth and practical.
All my Reiki classes with Merrie Bakker have been solid and fun. There isn’t a lot of silly "flim-flam" such as "just tell your guides to do it” and that type of stuff but thorough and sometimes scientific. Even the history portion of the class was in depth and broken up into parts so it wouldn’t be boring. I liked the energy work exercises best of all as they were great tools to take away. The stories and vignettes kind of stick with me. Good little reminders.
With each reflexology session I got a bit of "homework" - so I play with my feet often while watching television. She's serious about the value of footwork and I can feel the difference.
Peace, tranquility, deep relaxation and some skeptical humour is what i've come to expect from my sessions, Thanks Merrie
For shipments to Cyprus and worldwide costs 6.90€ by post.(required prepayment of the amount on deposit).
Nile Red (NR) has been widely used as a microenvironmental probe since its luminescence characteristics depend strongly on medium polarity viscosity and hydrophobicity The driving source for the internal motion of NR in rigid media is an absorbed photon that induces the molecule to rotate internally causing the matrix deformed. Reversible (elastic) deformation and irreversible (plastic) deformation will influence the twisting dynamics in a different manner. In this work, we have investigated its excited state motion in a polymer nanocomposite, wherein polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) and nanodiamonds (NDs) were used as a matrix and a filler, respectively. PVA is a hydrophilic polymer having good chemical resistance, processability and gel formation ability. Nanodiamond is a good candidate as a nanofiller for polymer composites. The elastic modulus of the polymer nanocomposite was measured by atomic force mi i ,croscopy (AFM) nanoindentation and the emission lifetime of NR embedded in the polymer nanocomposite by time-resolved emission spectroscopy. Our results show that the fluorescence lifetime of NR is correlated well to the elastic modulus of polymer nanocomposite. Copyright © 2011 American Scientific Publishers All rights reserved.
Pyrons™ Slot Machine Game to Play Free in Yggdrasil Gamings Online Casinos A friendly Ultimate Fighting Championship™ Slot Machine Game to Play Free in Endemol Gamess Online Casinos up… The only way to experience the very best PokerStars Casino has to offer is to download the software 50MB. That's a welcome bonus. I have some tips below which may help you. Deposit 50 and play with Download. The company decided that it wanted to focus exclusively on the Australian gaming market inand as a result they launched the Uptown Pokies brand. Therefore, there are land-based gambling establishments operating in the country offering sports betting too along with other popular casino games. Unsurprisingly, no deposit bonuses tend to be a lot lower in value than deposit match ones.
Stargate SG1 Slot Machine - Now Available for Free Online again, welcome to All Slots Casino, home of the best online slots in Australia. It shares borders with Mexico to the north and west, the Pacific Ocean to the southwest, Belize to the northeast, the Caribbean to the east, Honduras to the east and El Salvador to the southeast. To ensure you make the most out of your real-money casino gaming, we asked our expert reviewers for five handy top tips. Of course, there is more to All Slots than just online slots. Finally, all online gambling casinos abide by the strictest security standards for safe online betting. Site does not accept Neteller or process withdrawals Friday-Sunday Previously failed to pay affiliates or advertisers after switching regulators Site currently uses a cut-price software provider and it shows. Must Read Paradice found: The best sportsbetting websites even have live betting where you can place wagers on matches as they are in progress. In many cases, however, you can simply log in via your mobile web browser to access games. Online Casinos January 5, Think of a casino bonus as a nice little present to welcome you to a new casino site.
Email address is not valid. Showing results for " " Sign Up Play for Fun. You've been awarded credits! Browser upgrade recommended To get the most out of your gaming experience, Vegas Palms recommends that you upgrade your browser to: Some countries see Bitcoin as an asset rather than a currency like Norway or Lithuania for example.
Therefore, there are many bingo halls throughout the country where players can enjoy this fun little game. Blackjack - Opening bet limits except for side bets or bet behind limits which could be lower. A password reset code will be sent to you shortly via email. Funds can easily be transferred from one tab to another, giving real-money players even more choice. All players have to do is log into their favorite casino website to be able to play hundreds of slots games, craps, baccarat, video poker, blackjack, roulette, faro, keno and more for real money. All Slots makes it easy to play real money casino games at any time and any place. When something goes amiss you need help at the drop of a hat. Online gambling is not regulated at all in Guatemala, so players can only bet on sports at an offshore online bookmaker. There may be some form of ID verification process before a withdrawal is authorised. Credit cards should work with all sites that are licensed and have modern cashiers. Online casinos are packed with games you'll find in your local casino. Casino hours Monday Want To Play Now? Online gambling is not regulated at all in Guatemala, so players can only bet on sports at an offshore online bookmaker. You unlocked for for Continue. Using the email address you linked to your casino account and the password you created at registration, log into your shiny new online casino account for the first time. Already have an account? Our casino bonus ranking algorithm takes into account casino quality, bonus amount, wagering required, and the risk to your bankroll, among many other factors. Weekly All Time Loading Leaderboard. Over the last few years, the global online casino and betting market has exploded. Ongoing promotions and VIP schemes should also be generous and open to players on all budgets. Safe and secure banking Ensuring that players can deposit funds and withdraw winnings Fa-Fa Twins Slot Machine Online ᐈ BetSoft™ Casino Slots and safely is of the utmost importance to Vegas Palms. Donaco pushes back launch of Cambodian online venture December 28, An error occurred while logging in please contact the casino helpdesk if this problem persists. Poker is quite possibly the most popular casino game ever created. Of course, there is more to All Slots than just online slots.
This very book picture performs functions of a Scatter and Bonus as well when 3 or more of them appear on the reels. The triggering game has prepared another surprise for its players. They are assured by the rules of the game, gambling possibility and, of course, the features. Latest New Slots The design combines various colors but gold dominates becoming a symbol of prosperity, win and money. Issue Report Full Screen. At least 3 of them drive players to 5 free spins round. Admiral Nelson casino slot has not much to do with the Napoleonic Wars even though it is devoted to the world-known historic personality of Admiral Nelson. TOP 10 Amatic Slots. Indeed, this one will make you glad for Free Spins, Bonuses and Wilds and those additional winnings they are going to bring. Having a multi-stacked symbol allows you to get huge winnings during the free spins round. Admiral Nelson slot game can be accessed effortlessly online and free with no download required. Issue Report Full Screen. Billyonaire online casino slot is waiting to make you rich and cool! Once you select the desired bet amount you may check the paytable and see updated numbers for your particular account. Book of Aztec Online Slot. Latest New Slots Before your legion starts the march, you need to decide your bet. SlotsUp team is happy to offer you another free online video slot created by Amatic. Issue Report Full Screen. It is developed by Amatic free slots provider. This particular slot machine has got a regular 5×3 grid of black color which makes the gems stand out brighter. Welcome to another Amatic free casino slot that is going to turn your world upside down. Latest New Slots You can access and play this online slot game with no need of registration or download like many other Amatic games. GoldLuxuryMafia. At least 3 of them drive players to 5 free spins round. Having a multi-stacked symbol allows you to get huge winnings during the free spins round. This very book picture performs functions of a Scatter and Bonus as well Double Luck Nudge Online Slot | PLAY NOW | StarGames Casino 3 or more of them appear on the reels. The picture of Billy in a golden frame, who is the main character here so to say, represents a Scatter and Bonus at the same time. Your aim is to predict the color of the playing card or its suit. TOP 10 Amatic Slots.
Exactly 6 years ago I was in Mexico City. I had just spent 3 months traveling and my life was anythi…
Back in 2004, I was studying flamenco guitar in Sevilla, Spain. I was part of a very intensive flame…
A year ago, I had the last drop of alcohol, a glass of bourbon on a southwest flight coming back to…
Dental TI is excited to announce our best rates ever on digital imaging and dental technology. For a limited time, secure 0% APR for 12 months when you make a minimum purchase.
As always, all of our products come with custom installation, expert training, and free lifetime support. Call us today at 1-800-672-5733 for a free consultation to find out how we can help you increase productivity, reduce downtime, and optimize diagnostic image quality.
*Financing rates subject to buyer's credit and payment terms. 0% APR offer is for the first 12 months, after which most buyers will be subject to 4.9% APR for the remainder of term. *Minimum pre-tax purchase amount of $10,000 must be satisfied to recieve special rate financing.
Sydney dating coach offering long term solutions with a no-sleaze approach to building attraction and showing you how to get a girl you want.
Two good friends with opposite relationship problems found themselves single at the same time. As an experiment, they dated for 40 days.
Author, Psychotherapist, Workshop Leader, Pianist The message that runs through all of Charlotte's books and workshops is that of empowermentâ€”to find your authentic
Problem gambling affects a number of professions, and Minnesota is fortunate to have skilled professionals to assist with recovery in the areas of counseling, legal
Dr. Michael Haggstrom helps clients thrive in their personal life, professionally & in relationships. Calgary Counselling for Marriage, Mental Health & Success
Sexual addiction is best described as a progressive intimacy disorder characterized by compulsive sexual thoughts and acts. Like all addictions, its negative impact
Since 1977, PADV has worked passionately and tirelessly to end the crime of intimate partner violence and empower its survivors. This year we commemorate 40 years of
The more choices technology gives us in nearly every domain of our lives (information, events, places to go, friends, dating, jobs) â€” the more we assume that our
CoachingwithRoy.com offers life-changing personal coaching and powerful eCourses, tips, advice for every relationship need or situation.
Pornography has become increasingly more available and accepted in todayâ€™s society. Both men and women of all ages have become entangled in the lies and pain of
Adult Dating Sites Adult dating sites seem to be popping up everywhere. Are there really that many people out there looking for online dating? Sorry, dumb question.
Surprisingly, Tinder can be a psychological addiction, that has nothing to do with finding a date or hook up. Itâ€™s designed like a mobile game to keep you hooked
For every correct answer you choose, 10 grains of rice are raised to help end world hunger through the World Food Programme.
Internet addiction disorder, also known as problematic Internet use or pathological Internet use, refers to excessive Internet use that interferes with daily life.
ã€Premium Website Templatesã€‘ Browse web templates designed and developed by experts ã€Premium Featuresã€‘ Responsive | SEO-friendly | Top functionality
The key to dealing with drug addiction is the right information. If you've ever wondered how drug addition impacts your life this site is for you.
Living in balance offers NIDA funded, research-based projecrt meets most federal grant requirements.
News that five of their fellow townsmen are being accused of taking up arms to fight for the Taleban has left the people of Tipton reeling.
Two young local men Shafiq Rasul, 24, and Asif Iqbal, 20, are being held in the high security Camp X-Ray in Cuba, while Ruhal Ahmed, 20, is being questioned in the Afghan city of Kandahar.
A fourth man from the west Midlands town, Munir Ali, is believed to be missing in Afghanistan and his sister, Sayeda Khatun, confirmed that Mr Ali is friends with Mr Rasul, Mr Iqbal and Mr Ahmed.
The link being investigated by security forces in the UK is that all five worshipped at the same mosque.
Labour councillor Ian Jones claims an extremist fundamentalist group has been active in the area for more than two years.
But his views have been disputed by other local leaders and there are fears his comments could inflame racial tensions in the area.
The leader of the local Sandwell Borough Council, Bill Thomas, accused Mr Jones of "firing from the hip".
"Further investigation should take place before people label a place a hotbed of fanaticism," he said.
Adrian Bailey, the Labour MP for West Bromwich West, who spoke to the Rasul family when they heard their son was being held in Camp X-Ray, said the community as a whole was "shocked and amazed" at what had happened.
"The Muslim community in Tipton is old established, well integrated and moderate, and there is very little sympathy for the al-Qaeda cause," he said.
A leading member of the area's Pakistani community, who did not want to be named, said local Muslims had been mainly supportive of the American action in Afghanistan since the 11 September attacks.
"There hasn't been any evidence of religious extremist activity in the area so it's been quite a shock for people here to find out the men being held in Cuba are from Tipton."
Ian Binnie is head teacher of Alexandra High School and Sixth Form Centre which both Mr Rasul and Mr Iqbal attended, and where Mr Ahmed is also reported to have been educated.
"Talk of gang involvement or any such issues within the school at the time is completely untrue," he said.
"Relations amongst the different groups are harmonious. This is a tribute to the tolerance of the people of Tipton."
But BBC correspondent Andrew North, reporting from Tipton, said concerns are mounting now that racial tensions could rise in the town over the young men's alleged involvement with the Taleban.
The British National Party held 24% of the vote in the Tipton Green ward in the May 2000 local elections.
In This Section Tories attack Brixton drugs scheme Police shoot man on the M6 Leanne killer jailed for life IVF mix-up heads for court Inquiry into warship accident Britain 'sheltering al-Qaeda leader' Venables named Leeds boss Transplant first for cancer patient Roman fishy tale uncovered Schoolboy 'murdered for �10 debt' Home collapses after council dig Residents protest at road charges Children see father shot Device could detect overdose drugs Trainee rabbi disappears Killer drunk driver faces years in jail Parents to sue over epilepsy row Bodies found as trawler capsizes Gun scare drug addict jailed Man in court over body in wood Church sickness cause inquiry Tests on body found in road Search team finds body in loch 'First walk in 50 years' Scheme to cut motorway congestion How Leanne's killer was caught Tiernan killer's sadistic past Leanne's family living in 'hell' Snatched on a shopping trip 'Scout leader' guilty of sex offences Nissan workforce tops table 'Millions more needed' for North East Police hunt masked gunman Jensen goes into administration Farmhouse murder victim named Shootings lead to airgun amnesties Two men deny Jackson killing Ex-soldier 'stabbed partner 40 times' Police chief defends response time 'Tragedy' of boy killed by propeller OAPs injured in minibus crash Flats demolition plan criticised Rare choughs get VIP visit CCTV blamed for drug users' move Donor ensures lifeboat sails Open jail set for 80 more cells
Facebook Quietly Made a Huge Concession to Shareholders as it Aims to Avoid Another Data Disaster - BoardProspects
Facebook has beefed up the power of its audit committee, which is chaired by former White House chief of staff Erskine Bowles.
Five CCH executives have been recognized nationally as among the top in the profession by prominent tax and accounting publications, Accounting Today and The CPA Practice Advisor. CCH is a Wolters Kluwer business and a leading provider of tax, accounting and audit information, software and services.
Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting Continues to Invest and Expand in Corporate Market with Acquisition of BSI
Global tax authority Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting today announced it has acquired the assets of BSI, a leading provider of timely international tax, legal, business and investment information. The acquisition further advances Wolters Kluwer’s portfolio of premier international information supporting its continued expansion of global tax offerings in the growing corporate market. Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting is a global leading provider of tax, accounting and audit information, software and services.
This unique environment is a great place to get information on the latest developments, trends and legislation on the tax provision process, research, reporting and compliance.
Of all the many ways cloud computing can make the work of the corporate tax department easier, sales tax compliance might seem minor — but in fact, Software as a Service (SaaS) is ideal for this area of taxation.
CorpSystem SureTax Telecom provides accurate tax rates, content and precise jurisdiction information. It also speeds sales and use tax calculation with its cloud computing technology.
The complexities of manufacturing translate into complex tax returns, schedules and elections. This is reinforced by the Corporate Manufacturing Survey, a Web-based survey conducted among manufacturing corporations from more than 20 industries. Data was collected over a two-week period starting on March 3.
With revenues slumping and budgets gaping at the seams, states are cracking down on sales tax noncompliance. The author of CCH Expert Treatise Library: State Sales and Use Taxation, Joe Moffa, points out six trends corporate tax departments should follow:
Geni Whitehouse, CPA, CITP, CSPM, lays out a step-by-step plan to choosing the best sales tax management solution. She discusses topics that include why you need more than just an automated accounting system, the true costs of sales tax audits and the benefits of Software as a Service.
With all the variables involved in sales and use tax calculations and filing — and all the penalties for noncompliance — automation of any kind makes tax compliance easier. Another way to gain efficiency is to move the process from a premise-based software application to a cloud-based, Software as a Service (SaaS) solution. Kathy Drommerhausen, Product Marketing Manager at CCH, explains why:
Companies must file income tax returns and collect sales tax in every state in which they do business — but the accepted definitions of what qualifies as “doing business” and what makes a corporation taxable are in flux.
From exciting social events to unique networking opportunities, the conference provides a wealth of information and best practices to take your firm to the next level. Read more
Visit our booth at an upcoming trade show. Learn how we can help you Grow, Manage & Protect your business.
Although not required for the major, undergraduates majoring in Computer Science or Computer and Management Information Systems are eligible to enroll in the 1 of 2 concentrations in Game Development or Information Security:
This program focuses on the development of secure applications and the relevant skills needed to address the root cause of security holes, which is usually “bad software,” i.e. defective software with regard to its requirements, testing, design and/or implementation; learn the features and characteristics of secure systems and how to build security into a software system as it is developed.
All students must satisfy the University’s General Education requirements , in addition to the requirements for the major in mathematics, computer science, or computer and management information systems.
Choose 4 of the following in consultation with an adviser: At least 2 electives must be Computer Science courses.
All bulletins © 2018 Adelphi University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
Movie Title Movies by Director Movies by Producer Movies by Cast Movies by Release Year Movies by Production Company Movies by Genre Movies by Subject Search for People All
Shirley Wheeler Smith, the chief financial officer at the University of Michigan, originally wrote the short story used in this film for presentation at University Club festivities several years before it was published in the Summer 1946 issue of Michigan Alumnus . According to documents in the Twentieth Century-Fox Records of the Legal Department at the UCLA Arts--Special Collection Library, screenwriter Valentine Davies acquired all rights to the story in Mar 1947. Davies agreed to pay Smith fifty percent of all monies received, excluding his fee for writing a screenplay. In Apr 1948, Twentiethc Century-Fox bought a treatment Davies had developed from the story for $40,000. Davies was subsequently hired to write a screenplay, which then became the sole property of the studio. Davies retained publication rights to the treatment, however, and, incorporating material from the screenplay, produced a novel whose publication coincided with the film's release. Onscreen credits state that Davies wrote the screenplay "Based on a story by Shirley W. Smith and Valentine Davies."
A month before shooting was scheduled to start, (Ray Milland having been borrowed from Paramount), the studio encountered major problems with representatives of professional baseball. Despite the studio's numerous pleas, Commissioner Albert B. "Happy" Chandler, would not grant permission to use actual team names in the film as it was "the story of a cheat, winning a pennant and a World's Championship Series." The studio offered to include a foreword on the film that read: "The adventures of Mr. Vernon K. Simpson, the central character of this story, are purely imaginary. Because they violate both the rules of the game and the law of nature, the things he does are impossible ... More Less
A month before shooting was scheduled to start, (Ray Milland having been borrowed from Paramount), the studio encountered major problems with representatives of professional baseball. Despite the studio's numerous pleas, Commissioner Albert B. "Happy" Chandler, would not grant permission to use actual team names in the film as it was "the story of a cheat, winning a pennant and a World's Championship Series." The studio offered to include a foreword on the film that read: "The adventures of Mr. Vernon K. Simpson, the central character of this story, are purely imaginary. Because they violate both the rules of the game and the law of nature, the things he does are impossible and quite fantastic--like so many other things that happen every Spring." Chandler would not budge, and plans to feature professional players and famed announcer Red Barber were dropped as were names of specific teams and ballparks. However, Wrigley Field in Los Angeles was rented for the game sequences at $525 per day and the University of Southern California received a donation of $250 per day for use of its Bovard Field. A street sequence was shot in Santa Monica, CA, and other exteriors were filmed at USC.
The final HR production chart, on 21 Jan 1949, lists Dorothy Spencer as film editor, although Bruce Pierce is credited onscreen in that capacity. The extent of Spencer's contribution to the final film is not known. Actors Al Eben, Grandon Rhodes and Robert Patten are listed in the Var review and studio cast lists but their appearance in the released film is doubtful. It Happens Every Spring received an Academy Award nomination for Best Motion Picture Story. A radio adaptation of Davies' script, starring Ray Milland, William Bendix and Coleen Townsend, was broadcast on Lux Radio Theatre on 3 Oct 1949. Another version was broadcast on Screen Directors' Playhouse on 14 Apr 1950. More Less
Based on the short story "The Sprightly Adventures of Instructor Simpson" by Shirley W. Smith in Michigan Alumnus Quarterly Review (Summer 1946).
Vernon Simpson is a young university chemistry professor working on his doctorate degree and is in love with the university president's daughter, Deborah Greenleaf. Vernon's department head, Prof. Forsythe, tells Greenleaf that upon completion of Simpson's degree, he intends to nominate him as director of a new research laboratory. Unknown to Forsythe, however, Vernon has a major flaw: every spring he becomes absentminded due to his intense interest in baseball. Debbie's father has made it clear to Vernon that, given his current financial situation, he should not be considering marriage to Debbie. However, Vernon tells Debbie that the situation may change very soon as a result of the experiment he is working on. Vernon has been developing a chemical compound to keep insects and other living matter away from wood, and has a major company interested in marketing it. His experimental setup is destroyed, however, after a baseball crashes through his lab window and lands in his chemical "soup" in the sink. When Vernon discovers that chemically coated ball is repelled by wooden objects, he realizes the enormous impact his find could have on the game of baseball. To verify his findings, Vernon arranges to have two student baseball players, Schmidt and Isbell, help him in exchange for additional tutoring. When Vernon throws a baseball that has been rubbed with a cloth soaked in the compound, it repeatedly jumps away from the swung bat and into the catcher's mitt. Although he cannot reconstitute the compound, Vernon immediately asks Prof. Greenleaf for an emergency leave of absence to demonstrate his findings, the details of which he does not reveal to Greenleaf. Vernon takes a train to St. Louis, ... + −
Vernon Simpson is a young university chemistry professor working on his doctorate degree and is in love with the university president's daughter, Deborah Greenleaf. Vernon's department head, Prof. Forsythe, tells Greenleaf that upon completion of Simpson's degree, he intends to nominate him as director of a new research laboratory. Unknown to Forsythe, however, Vernon has a major flaw: every spring he becomes absentminded due to his intense interest in baseball. Debbie's father has made it clear to Vernon that, given his current financial situation, he should not be considering marriage to Debbie. However, Vernon tells Debbie that the situation may change very soon as a result of the experiment he is working on. Vernon has been developing a chemical compound to keep insects and other living matter away from wood, and has a major company interested in marketing it. His experimental setup is destroyed, however, after a baseball crashes through his lab window and lands in his chemical "soup" in the sink. When Vernon discovers that chemically coated ball is repelled by wooden objects, he realizes the enormous impact his find could have on the game of baseball. To verify his findings, Vernon arranges to have two student baseball players, Schmidt and Isbell, help him in exchange for additional tutoring. When Vernon throws a baseball that has been rubbed with a cloth soaked in the compound, it repeatedly jumps away from the swung bat and into the catcher's mitt. Although he cannot reconstitute the compound, Vernon immediately asks Prof. Greenleaf for an emergency leave of absence to demonstrate his findings, the details of which he does not reveal to Greenleaf. Vernon takes a train to St. Louis, heads for the baseball stadium and sees manager Jimmy Dolan. Although Vernon bills himself as the pitcher Dolan is in great need of, Dolan tries to have him thrown out. Club owner Stone, however, arranges for him to demonstrate his prowess, fully expecting him to be humiliated. Working with Monk Lanigan as his catcher, Vernon strikes out the team's top batters, and Stone realizes they have found a new star. After Vernon, who is playing under the name King Kelly, wins the first game he plays in against Chicago, he negotiates a lucrative contract with Dolan and Stone. Dolan assigns Monk to room with Vernon and keep an eye on him, as Dolan thinks Vernon is a "screwball." When Monk notices the bottle containing the chemical compound among Vernon's belongings, Vernon tells him that it is a prescription hair tonic. Vernon then reads a newspaper item reporting that he is missing and that a search has been initiated. After Vernon sends Debbie a diamond ring along with a vague letter asking her to have the police call off the search, Debbie's father thinks Vernon is probably mixed up with racketeers. Later, Debbie's mother spots Vernon at a railroad station in the company of a bunch of tough looking players and assumes they are gangsters. Vernon wins games in Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Brooklyn and New York but has to insist that the press take no photographs of him. Meanwhile, Debbie reads a newspaper account about a gang robbing an exclusive jewelry store and removes her ring. When Vernon makes a payment on the ring, he bumps into Debbie, who accuses him of being a gangster. He confesses that he is now a baseball player but Debbie refuses to believe him. Vernon and his compound win every game for the team. One afternoon, Debbie attends a game and, through binoculars, recognizes Vernon. During the game, Monk, Vernon's regular catcher, injures a finger and has to have wooden splints applied to it, causing the ball not only to avoid the bat but Monk's hand as well. The team eventually wins the pennant and is scheduled to play against New York in the World Series, starting in St. Louis. Debbie tells her mother that Vernon is the new baseball sensation, and her father soon finds out the truth as well. Just before Vernon is to pitch the opening game, Dolan to whom Monk has loaned Vernon's bottle of "hair tonic," he returns it to Vernon and accidentally drops it. The bottle breaks, leaving Vernon with no compound to rub on the ball. With Debbie and her parents watching in the stands, Vernon struggles through the game and manages to win by catching a hit with his pitching hand. X-rays reveal that the hand is broken and that he will not be able to play any more. Monk sees Vernon off at the station then phones Debbie. A big crowd, led by Debbie, welcomes Vernon home. Dr. Greenleaf tells him that Stone has given the university money for a new research laboratory and that he will be appointed director. + −
During World War II, Casablanca, Morocco is a waiting point for throngs of desperate refugees fleeing Nazi-occupied Europe. Exit visas, which are necessary to leave the country, are at ... >>
Seventy-year-old newspaper tycoon Charles Foster Kane dies in his palatial Florida home, Xanadu, after uttering the single word “Rosebud.” While watching a newsreel summarizing the years during which Kane ... >>
Laid up with a broken leg during the height of summer, renowned New York magazine photographer L. B. “Jeff” Jeffries enters his last week of home confinement, bored and ... >>
In 1941, at a boxing match in Cleveland, Ohio, pandemonium breaks out when Jake La Motta, an up-and-coming young boxer, loses a decision to Jimmy Reeves, suffering his first ... >>
At an outdoor dedication ceremony, a tramp is discovered sleeping in the arms of a statue as it is being unveiled before a crowd. He is chased into ... >>
Fathers and daughters, Professors, College students, Engagements, Chicago (IL), World Series (Baseball), Chemistry, Deception, Universities, Rings
The American Film Institute is grateful to Sir Paul Getty KBE and the Sir Paul Getty KBE Estate for their dedication to the art of the moving image and their support for the AFI Catalog of Feature Films and without whose support AFI would not have been able to achieve this historical landmark in this epic scholarly endeavor.
The academic catalog management system (Acalog™) contains a number of features to assist you, including advanced search options, intuitive navigation, and a personal portfolio to store favorite programs and courses.
If you would like to learn more about our online bulletin, take a guided tour with the Bulletin User Guide.
Should you have further questions, please contact the Office of the Registrar registrar@usm.edu, 601-266-5006, or come to the Registrar's Office, located in Kennard-Washington Hall, during our regular business hours.
What the fuck is up? We have a hot new video from Raw Fuck Club that is absolutely going to send you over the edge. You know that we love any video with real life bareback boyfriends Adam Russo and Cutler X, and their latest bareback video is sure to make you cum as hard as they did making it. While Cutler X loves fucking his sexy boyfriend Adam Russo, sometimes they like to tag team a hot ass when they can find one. Adam and Cutler invite Dylan Strokes over to their condo and when the guys hit it off, they decide to take it in the bedroom for some fun. Cutler X and Adam strip their clothes off and Dylan starts the action by sucking on Cutler’s big black cock. Cutler’s cock gets throbbing hard in no time at all and Dylan moves and sucks off muscle daddy Adam Russo until he has a raging boner as well. When both Adam and Cutler are rock hard, they take turns barebacking his hairy fuck hole and even give him a hot double penetration. After the double fuck, Cutler X starts pounding Dylan’s ass fast and hard until he busts his nut hard inside Dylan’s raw ass. His cums drips out of the hole and Adam sticks his big cock in the cum drenched hole and takes sloppy seconds and pounds him hard until he busts his load of hot cum too. Wait until you see Dylan’s cum covered ass! Wow — so fucking hot.
Raw and Rough has released their newest amateur gay porn video and this is one hot bareback orgy featuring some of the hottest amateurs in gay porn. This new video features Ken Byker, Dayton O’Connor, Trelino, Shay Michaels and everyone’s favorite real life couple Adam Russo and Cutler X. Cutler X gets the action started by lubing up the sexy Latino ass in the room, Trelino. Trelino is nervous about what is about to happen. The hung Latino has never taken a big black cock up his ass before like Cutler X’s. The guys decide that Cutler X is just too big to start with so Shay Michaels steps in and starts breeding the Latino ass. Adam Russo and Dayton O’Connor also take turns barebacking that Latin hole. The tops decide they need a change of ass so they push Trelino to the side and Ken Byker sticks his ass up in the air to get barebacked. Ken is a bottom pro so he starts off with Cutler X’s huge black cock. Cutler isn’t shy about sticking his thick 11″ cock up that raw hole. He shoves it in and then begins fucking. It’s even too much for Ken as he has to sniff on some poppers to be able to enjoy what is up his hairy ass. Cutler has to take a piss, so what better place to take a piss than all over Ken’s ass? Cutler X takes a long piss, shooting right on Ken’s hole. Adam and Shay decide they have to piss too, so they join in and cover that dirty pig Ken’s ass with piss. Dayton is the only one who hasn’t got any ass yet, so he gets the sloppy seconds and that wet, piss filled hole. He breeds Ken’s ass hard until he deposits the last load of cum up that hairy hole. Wow! Fucking hot as always!
Click here to download this full length amateur interracial bareback orgy video and hundreds more amateur gay porn videos at Raw and Rough.
We have a hot new video release from Raw Fuck Club featuring one of the hottest interracial bareback fuck videos you have ever seen. Fan favorite Cutler X and his massive big black cock is about to do some damage to hairy muscle daddy Ray Dalton. Famous gay porn star Nick Moretti has opened up his personal dungeon to Cutler X and Ray Dalton so that they could experience some hot dungeon sex. Once inside the dungeon Cutler X wastes no time in making daddy Ray Dalton his personal bitch. Cutler X tells Ray to get on his knees and worship his big black cock. Ray does what he is told as all good slaves do. Ray spends a lot of time worshipping that big black cock, kissing and licking it all over. Once Cutler X is rock hard and is satisfied that his personal cocksucker has earned a good ass fucking, he bends the hairy muscle daddy over and starts breeding his hairy ass. Cutler X has an unbelievably huge black cock but the daddy Ray doesn’t have any trouble taking it all in or any complaints about it. Ray opens up his ass for Cutler X to bareback him hard, just the way he likes it. When Cutler X is ready to cum, he pulls out and shoots his load all over that hairy daddy ass and then shoves his big black cock back up that hairy ass and continues to fuck him, making sure his seed gets deep inside that hairy hole. Wow! Any video with Cutler X in it is going to be incredible, but watching him destroy that daddy ass is so fucking hot. It will definitely make you cum.
Okay, so this new video from Breed Me Raw might be my favorite video of 2014 so far. I nearly shot my load after just watching the first few minutes. It’s pretty fucking hot. Cutler X and Adam Russo have been dating for a few years now and are very serious real life boyfriends. Neither Cutler X nor Adam Russo do bareback porn shoots very often, so this video is a pretty big deal. I suppose they agreed to do it because they have been dating for so long and it’s probably how they fuck at home in their own bed. Cutler X has one of the biggest uncut black cocks you will see anywhere, and he really knows how to fuck. Adam Russo is such a sexy hairy stud and he loves taking big cocks up his ass. They start their video with some passionate kissing before Cutler X orders his boyfriend to get on his knees and start sucking on his big black cock. It’s amazing how much of that thick cock that Adam can actually take in his mouth, but I’m sure he’s had a lot of practice. Once Cutler X has his big black cock hard, he doesn’t waste any more time with foreplay — he simply tells Adam to bend over and prepare for that raw cock to go up his ass. Cutler shoves his uncut cock up his boyfriend’s ass and starts giving him a hot fucking pounding. Adam screams and moans so loudly, I nearly had to turn down my volume, but just imagine if you were taking that big cock up your ass — you would be screaming too. Cutler really shows Adam no mercy as he breeds his ass bareback until he shoots a thick load of cum deep in his lovers ass. Poor Adam… they nearly have to carry him after getting torn open by that big black uncut cock! This video is fucking hot — you definitely do not want to miss this one.
All Real Bareback has just posted a new video that is sure to make you drip with precum. Cutler X and real life boyfriend Adam Russo bareback for the first time on camera. Cutler X is known for his huge black cock and the way he can tear up an ass, but his videos are always with condoms as he only fucks safe. That is until now. Cutler X has been dating hairy muscle stud Adam Russo for the last few years and the two of them only bareback with each other. When the guys at All Real Bareback asked Cutler X to film a video for their site, the only condition was that his shoot partner had to be his real life lover, Adam. The guys agreed and the video was filmed. This is Cutler X’s first bareback video so make sure to check it out. It’s fucking hot. The guys take some time making out and sucking on each other’s huge cocks before Cutler X throws Adam’s hairy legs up in the air and starts rimming that hairy hole. When Adam’s furry hole is moist, Cutler X shoves his fat black cock up his boyfriends ass and begins giving him a hard fucking until he breeds his ass with a hot load of thick cum. These two are fucking hot together. They should film all their fuck sessions.
Bull Cum Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (1) July 2018 (3) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (1) July 2017 (4) February 2017 (2) November 2016 (3) March 2016 (4) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (9) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (13) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (8) March 2015 (14) February 2015 (25) January 2015 (15) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (12) October 2014 (19) September 2014 (23) August 2014 (17) July 2014 (21) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (21) March 2014 (16) February 2014 (24) January 2014 (16) December 2013 (12) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (2) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (3) March 2013 (10) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (2)
Me: Slower Once it's out of the pot, can someone just put it PLAIN in a bowl BEFORE it's covered with sauce?
Server: The Superman one? Hey kid, you know that's just vanilla ice cream with food coloring in it right?
Me: What? Why would you tell a kid that the ice cream of one of his idols is just food coloring? What purpose does that serve?
Me: WHY would you tell a 7 year old that? He's SUPPOSED to think it's Superman ice cream. Why would he need to know that? Don't ever do that again!
5) You have had a hectic and somewhat stressful January which equates to a big long brain-fart. No one can blog with one of those. My posts might smell...
6) You know that once you sign on, you'll just read your fave blogs for hours to get caught up so you'll have no time to write your own.
8) You lost your iPhone snowboarding, some lame person found it and tried to extort money from you to give it back. Long story short - No iPhone. My entire life was on that phone, I no longer have it so I no longer have a life which has thrown me into a state of irrational but undeniable depression so anything I write will be sad, pathetic, and basically unreadable anyway.
Labels: i have no iPhone, i'm banned from getting another, it's not my fault it fell out of my jacket when I ate it in the snow., mean people suck
November 8 2018 by cranbak in News |Comments Off on Tale of Two Metals: One WAY More Valuable Than Gold, The Other Historically Undervalued
... Dry Ball Mill,Continuous Ball Mill,Iron Ore Ball Mill, ... Wet Grid Ball Mill; ... providing design and production process equipment manufacturing, ...
... Most widely used Mining Ball Mill in mineral processing for sale of ... , iron ore, zinc&lead ... The above data is based on wet type grate ball mill ...
... briquetting), is attached to the large mines to process low grade iron ore. ... ball mill, classifier, vibrating ... with its unique design, ...
... and is milled by ball mill. The subtle milled ore gets the next procedure: ... Since the separated ore are wet, ... Beneficiation Equipment; Ball Mill; Ceramic ...
Buy Now @ $55.15 - Sweet, 16 ! Pink - Topaz-Sterling | (Silver) Ring Size, 8 | Topaz Sterling - Silverjewelryshop.net
This is Sweet, 16 ! Pink Topaz-sterling | Silver Ring Size, 8 | Topaz Sterling information page, that features price and item information, and easy to use, silver ring! Item#1920: If you have or haven't bought this Sweet, 16 ! Pink Topaz-sterling | Silver Ring Size, 8 | Topaz Sterling, Get it asap at $55.15, sweet silver ring 100% satisfaction Guaranteed!. Top 6 reasons - Why Shop at Silverjewelryshop ? Silverjewelryshop is dedicated to its visitors through excellent service! Impressive range of 'products', most with lower than list price! Fast shipping! Latest labels & Top brands all in one place! Good shopping experience Guaranteed by best of Internet Merchants! Continued improvement of Silverjewelryshop makes it top choice online store! If you find any broken links, kindly send feedback on webmaster@Silverjewelryshop. Disclaimer: Welcome to our website. If you and continue to search using this site, you agree to comply with and use of the following conditions, which govern together with our privacy policy Silverjewelryshop relationship with you will be bound in connection with this website. ...
Search Tags: 'sweet' / 'sterling' / 'pink' / 'topaz' / 'topaz-sterling' / 'size' / 'silver' / 'ring' /
Our first PTA meeting of the new year will be held on Tuesday January 12, 2016 @ 10:00am. Later that day we will also hold our first SCC meeting of 2016 at 2:00pm. Both meetings will be held in the main office conference room. Come learn more about how these parent groups are assisting students […]
October 13, 2014 2:00-3:00 Agenda Items: Review previous minutes Finalize SCC Chair/Vice Chair assignments Discussion/Assignments related to HB 213Digital Citizenship Responsibilities of SCC Faculty Items from Lon Young Review of School Report Card/Comparison Schools Items from AdministrationGuidance and Feedback from SCC Members Q/A and Comments from SCC members Minutes from 9/23/15 Members in attendance: Jarod Sites (principal), […]
Parents, We are looking for 4-6 parents to serve on our School Community Council for the school year (and possibly longer). Members of the SCC are an integral part of our School Improvement Plan and assist the faculty with identifying areas of critical need and allocating resources to meet those needs. SCC meetings are generally […]
Parents: Please Note the Following Student schedules will be completed and mailed on Tuesday August 4th. Counseling staff will be available beginning August 5th to assist with schedule questions from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. New student registration will be held August 3rd and 4th from 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. for anyone that did […]
Elkhorn Denture Service has been providing the community of Baker City, Oregon quality dentures at an affordable price for 55 years.
If businesses are going to stand out from their competition then it is important that they learn you to use search engine optimization techniques effectively. Improving the ranking of your site using SEO techniques is important since it will help you get more visibility. There are several other reasons why you should consider using SEO services and some of them are briefly highlighted below.
It is easy to reach out to quality traffic when you use SEO services and you are sure that they are interested in your goods and services. When you reach out to customers who are not interested in your services, you end up annoying them and wasting resources. At the end of the day, you are more effective when you are reaching out to people who are already considering making a purchase with you and you are sure that you will be able to make a sale at the end of the day.
By using SEO, you are able to create answers for any given query with the help of algorithms. Doing this ensures that you don’t have to pay for ads and you are able to advertise yourself for months and even years to come. It is easy to get traffic moving to your site with no additional costs as compared to things like paid clicks or advertising and you can be able to be cost effective when it comes to your marketing strategy.
It is easy to get data when you hire SEO services to help optimize traffic for you. It is easy for you to therefore make decisions based on facts and not assumptions. Data is important since it is able to show you the profitable aspects of your business which you can leverage on.
When you hire SEO services, they are able to do assessments on your behalf which is important especially when it comes to your site. Enabling your site so that it is sensitive to SEO is something that SEO services are able to help with since they have expertise and experience in the industry. As long as the right spider webs are activated, you are sure that you are able to increase traffic to your site and be able to get visibility.
It is important to also hire SEO services since they know the right keywords and phrases to use. The public will identify with your brand based on keywords that they hear and are used both online and offline and this is important since it ensures that you are easy to find when they search for you online. By increasing the traffic to your business, you are able to increase sales and revenue for the business and that is why using the right keywords is important when it comes to optimizing your SEO.
The eye can be taken a look at with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A functional examination consists of the capability to move in the orbit and the response of the pupil to light and lodging.
The function of the eye might be evaluated in several methods. The patient might be asked to identify illuminated letter or items of varying sizes on exactly what is called the Snellen chart.
Alternatively, the assessment of the structural part of the eye may be made in numerous ways. Stress within the eyeball is determined by a "tonometer." In certain illness, especially in glaucoma, the stress in the eyeball is increased significantly.
It must be well kept in mind that a client with an eye problem might have other problems. Frequently other physical conditions are main and impact the eye as a consequence. The appearance of the eye can inform the doctor and the patient to problems in some disruptions of other parts of the body even before other symptoms provide themselves.
Consequently, one's dependence on sight is highlighted when one deals with a possible or temporary permanent loss of this important sense. Thus, when corrective measures are looked for, particular kinds of vision correction such as contact lenses or spectacles are recommended.
On the other hand, some individuals are troubled with that they have some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this reason, advanced surgeries were developed to encourage reduced utilization of contact lenses or glasses. Among which is the now popular LASIK eye surgical treatment.
Generally, LASIK eye surgical treatment is the short-term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its tangible equivalent, LASIK eye surgical treatment is another form of vision correction. The only distinction is that with this type of surgical treatment, one's vision is fixed permanently.
With LASIK eye surgical treatment, the refractive errors in the cornea are completely transformed. This can be done utilizing an "excimer laser."
The main function of this surgery is to develop a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea using a blade known as "microkeratome." In a series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is lastly reformed, allowing much better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing popularity of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that people need to know. Most likely, the main reason this type of eye surgery has actually become well accepted is because many of its cases had achieved success.
Since LASIK eye surgical treatment involves the operation of the retina, which is one of the most delicate parts of the eye, the majority of people state that the operation can be very risky.
In other words, a easy mistake could practically trigger an individual's lifetime loss of sight. For this reason, it is necessary to consider numerous aspects prior to choosing whether LASIK eye surgery is the right corrective procedure one has to go through.
LASIK this link eye surgery might correct your vision but it does not always indicate that it can give you a best vision. Even if statistical reports reveal that 70% of the patients might have 20/20 vision, this does not always imply they have ideal vision also.
Given all these things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the popularity of the operation, LASIK might not always be the ideal eye surgery the method the majority of people view it
Conversely, the evaluation of the structural part of the eye may be made in numerous ways. It needs to be well kept in mind that a patient with an eye problem may have other problems. Frequently other physical conditions are primary and affect the eye as a effect. The look of the eye can alert the physician and the patient to difficulties in some disturbances of other parts of the body even look at here now before other signs present themselves.
THQ boss Brian Farrell just confirmed that Red Faction: Guerrilla has now sold more than 1 million units.
Farrell held the game up as an example of the company?s commitment to quality: the firm?s games are achieving an MC average rating of 84 percent this year, compared to a 80 percent last year
No, not any of that salted, smoked, honey cured, messed with junked up bacon. I'm talking pig plus nada. Just good thick sliced bacon. (If you're in the region, try Bush's bacon at Findlay Market in Cincinnati. You will not be let down.)
Fish: Fresh. Haddock is good, Cod is fine, Sole is acceptable. Even Monkfish is an interesting twist, be we went with Haddock, about 1/2 lb. for two servings (one fillet).
OK, if it smells like fish, don't buy it. People who don't like fish usually have had old fish. I have always found it odd that when people refer to something as being 'fishy' it means = 'bad'. Old fish, politicians, used car salesmen... and week old fish.
Add 2 C. chicken stock (homemade, preferred- low sodium is a good second best option) and 2 C. clam juice over medium heat. Add one large Russett potato, peeled and cubed, a few sprigs of fresh thyme, and a bay leaf.
Cook until potatoes are tender... about 15 minutes. To add thickness, mash a few up against the side of the pot.
Rinse the fish and pat dry with a paper towel. Do not rinse with lemon. If you feel you need to add lemon juice to 'purify' or 'sanitize', or 'completely ruin the flavor of' the chowder'... you likely have old fish.
Bring the mixture to a simmer, then reduce to medium. Add the fish to the pot; no need to cut it up, it should flake apart as it cooks. It shouldn't take more than 4-5 minutes.
When the fish flakes apart, you're done. Add pepper to taste (the clam juice will provide more than enough salt, do NOT add more.)
(it may need more paint, some trim, and the wrought iron fence installed, but it's no longer "Home Sweet Derelict")
We've been happily married since 2003, together since 2000, and we thought to ourselves, "Hey, let's test the limits of our relationship!" So we're in the process of totally rehabbing an uninhabitable 1868 brick home in Covington Kentucky, for better or for worse, richer or poorer, until one of us kills the other one -- or the renovation project gets finished, of course.
This is our chronicle of our journey into rehabbing/renovation. This blog will hopefully prove to be a resource or even a DIY "renovators' manual" for those who come after us.
She is a creative MBA who got the entrepreneurial bug in 2000, and joined her yet-to-be husband in business. While she has always been handy and crafty, Wife has no professional experience in any of the building trades, nor did any of her immediate family.
He is a long time entrepreneur and newsletter publisher. Not particularly crafty, Husband is reasonably handy and prior to this has had some experience doing stone work, repairing and rebuilding decks and doing smaller repair projects around the house.
Like other addicts, love addicts, are often in denial about what they do and the problems their behavior causes. Learn about the symptoms of love addiction.
The MCPCG is dedicated to helping the community respond to those individuals and their families devastated by addictive gambling.
Enhance your sex life with a variety of condoms and accessories from LifeStyles. Take control of your health while having fun at the same time.
Fighting Knife - USN Camillus N.Y.: 7 inch blued razor sharp blade, stacked leather washers grip, pommel secured to a threaded tang, blade stamped U.S.N. one one side, Camillus, N.Y.; on the other; brown leather sheath with nine brass staples marked U.S.N.; grip strap w/painted brass snap riveted to belt loop, tip of sheath has the hole for a leather leg strap, sheath has light wear, knife is near mint.
So, you have a remote server that houses a Drupal instance that you want to test with Behat. I'm going to assume you have Behat set up with Drupal Extension and configured to run said tests on your local instance. Of course you have drush installed...
Recently ran across a case where I needed to wait for AJAX to finish during a Behat/Selenium2 test and couldn't find one. Ran across some examples for telling Selenium2 to wait and telling jQuery to wait for AJAX to finish, and decided to mash...
I love me some behat ... despite losing 8 hours chasing down an addition to a YAML file. No, I don't think I'll cool off about that any time soon.One of the things that has enchanted me about behat is not having to write many of the tedious methods...
As I sit here now, this has eaten eight hours of my life. Possibly because Google hates me.Working with Behat and DrupalExtension, I noticed a docblock above my FeatureContext class' __construct method that said: [php] /** * Initializes...
We had to run a picture in color, because, although she made a dozen films in black and white, one always thinks of Rhonda Fleming in color! This talented actress, who graced a broad range of pictures in the late Forties and Fifties, was often presented as an unnervingly beautiful, sexy, unscrupulous vixen, testing the […]
Hi everyone. In this thread I was working on a skin that contained every caption for every version of Windows. However, I though a thread like this would be more appropriate under the User Content forum.
So I made a skin based on the default classic skin that contains the original classic start menu captions for every version of Windows (including beta versions). Now if anyone is wondering what the point of this is (seeing as how the default classic skin will already let you use custom text) it's actually quite simple. With the default classic skin, there is no way to have the fonts be completely accurate. For example, making the caption say 'Windows 2000 Professional' won't make it look like the original Windows 2000 caption, as the fonts and colors will likely be off. But with this skin, you can have it look exactly like whichever version of Windows you'd like (which is a lot).
Keep in mind this is still a work in progress, so there may be issues with it. Feel free to give me any feedback or suggestions.
Thanks, juniper. Yeah, the Windows 8 thing with the 3D borders is pretty annoying. But that screenshot you see (with the Windows 7 Professional caption) is actually Windows 8 with a classic theme, which can be enabled believe it or not (http://forum.thinkpads.com/viewtopic.ph ... p?t=113024).
Too bad that's kind of impractical to use for most people though. I wonder if there's any way to force a 3D border without modifying the bitmap.
Anyway, I've actually finished making all of the Windows 7 captions, and I'm currently working on the Windows 8 and Windows 10 ones. I'll post it as soon as I'm done.
Also I still need to get the Windows Server 2008 without Hyper-V captions. I just can't seem to find them though.
I've done some checking & the only one I've seen for Windows Server 2008 was shown horizontal to the menu, other than that I can't find anything at all so I don't even know if that single image is even correct or not.
Anyways, here's another update. The skin now includes captions for Windows 7, Windows 8/8.1, and Windows 10. If anyone has any suggestions for the designs of the newly added captions, feel free to post them. I'm open to any feedback.
save t he file in the 'skins' folder inside the install directory for classic shell, then right click the start button go to settings, select the skin tab and select t his skin
Right, sorry for the confusion. I edited my first post to include the download to make things simpler.
HEY! Nice job R.O.B. I appreciate this very much. I've made it a sticky post. Btw isn't it "Windows Me'? (not ME)
I am a Windows enthusiast and helped a little with Classic Shell's testing and usability/UX feedback.
Thanks, GauravK. I could change it to Windows Me if you'd like. I just went with ME because that's how it is on the Wikipedia article (probably an oversight). Most of the OS was branded as 'Millennium Edition' but I noticed the standard HTML desktop wallpaper was called 'Windows Me.htm', so I think you'd be right. Should I change it then?
Well, the OS boot screen said "Windows Me" and the strings used across the OS also said "Me", not ME. Wikipedia is a bunch of idiots vying for who wins the editing wars. Will be nice if you change it but it's up to you.
Ok, so I've got an update for you guys! The download will be in the first post of this thread. Here are a list of changes:
-The icons in the Windows Codename Chicago variation now overlap the caption. This is not a bug, and it is in fact by design (see here). This does not affect the 'Windows Codename Chicago (Thin)' variation.
-Added a variation for Windows 95 Beta, which currently uses a placeholder image. I'll update with the original caption as soon as I can (for those of you who want to see what it looks like, see here).
-Custom captions have been moved to the bottom of the skin variations list to make it easier to add more custom caption variations in the future (just in case I decide to do so).
NOTE: When replacing the old skin with this one, you may have to re-select the caption you want manually due to the fact that resources in the skin have been moved around.
I still need to find the Windows Server 2008 without Hyper-V captions. If anyone can send me a link to an ISO file of it, that would be great. If I'm missing any captions, please let me know and I will do my best to add them. And again, feel free to give any other thoughts or feedback. Anyway, I hope you enjoy!
Right, so I actually couldn't find them there. I'll keep looking for them, but since there doesn't seem to be a huge demand for them, I'm not too worried.
-Custom Skin variations now have names attached to them. For example: 'Custom 1' is now called 'Custom 1 (Classic)' and 'Custom 2' is now called 'Custom 2 (Vista), ect.
Well that's about it. Except for one other change that probably won't affect the users who download this skin. I am no longer using Resource Hacker to update/change this skin. Instead, I'm using Microsoft Visual Studio to compile it as a resource-only DLL file. I was just sick of getting saving errors/glitches with Resource Hacker.
Once again, I'm always open to feedback, so let me know if you have any. I would love to figure out a way to use a 3D border with visual styles, but I don't want to use a bitmap to achieve this to keep consistency between the start menu and the user's color/window metric settings.
Woah, how did I not know about this sooner!? I thought development for it was finished. Thanks for letting me know, juniper.
Anyway, I'm loving this new version. I've been using Resource Hacker FX, so I'm not sure if saving issues have anything to do with versions. Although it might. But since I've got it all set up for Visual Studio, I'll just stick with that for now. I'm fine with using it anyway.
Also, sorry there's currently no download. I'm having trouble uploading the newest version of the skin, but I'll try it again tomorrow.
Now at this point, my biggest issue is actually uploading the skin. The progress bar window stays open, and the edit page in the main window just times out after awhile.
Hey, junuper. I've been considering re-implementing support for the two-column mode. Keep in mind this skin is based on the default Classic Skin, so that's why it ends up looking similar. Actually, I originally had plans to completely remove the two-column mode from this skin, but then I realized that it might be cool to have it with a caption. So I went ahead and changed it to not hide the caption with two columns, and figured that I might work on it later. Until now, I had not actually tested the skin with two columns, but since it sounds you brought it up, I think I'll go ahead and fix it up. And don't worry, I won't forget about the custom variations. Expect that in the next update.
Also, I'm glad you're enjoying all of the captions. I've had quite a collection of them for awhile (I try to grab them from every Windows OS I use), and it's nice to finally be able to be able to use them like this.
I'm just about finished with the two-column mode. The only real problem is I can't get the custom caption text to show up. I'm not even sure if Classic Shell supports it in two-column mode.
I still can't get the file to upload, so I might just post a Mediafire link or something. I wish I could get that to work though...
Let me clarify what I mean. When using two column mode, you can display any caption you'd like just fine. However, if you have any of the custom captions selected (the ones with names like Custom 1 (Classic), Custom 2 (Vista), ect.) the caption text will not appear. This seems to be a result of Classic Shell simply not supporting caption text with two columns like NoahNicholsFourm said. The reason every other caption works is because the text is part of the bitmap, and it therefore doesn't need to be rendered separately by Classic Shell.
Also, are metro skins supported on Windows 10? The reason I ask is because I would like to know how the Metro variation (Custom 5) works on Windows 10.
I see what you mean now, I hadn't even tried the custom ones yet, disregard my comment about it working.
What you mean by "metro skins"? Do you mean skins that use the metro colors? If so, yes, Windows 10 has even more colors to choose from.
Yeah one of the custom variations with this skin uses Metro colors, so that's why I ask. I'll be upgrading to Windows 10 as soon as I can, so I'll see for myself then.
In celebration of the release of Windows 10, I'm going to be updating the skin to include a few new variations, including:
And just for the heck of it, I'll also include a new Windows RT skin, even though it's not compatible with Classic Shell.
The Windows 10 variation that currently exists will have updated colors to better match the release version of the OS (I'll post the original bitmap just in case anyone wants to change back to it). I won't be able to do this right away, as my laptop with Photoshop is inaccessible at the current moment, but I shouldn't be long before I will be able to access it again.
Sorry for the long hiatus, but I'm back. The skin has been updated to include captions for all editions of Windows 10, all editions of Windows Server 2012/Server 2012 R2 and Windows RT/RT 8.1. However, I decided not to add captions for Windows Server 2016 until its release. As for the captions for every edition of Windows Vista, I'll do those if there's a demand for it, but I'm in no rush to get them done.
I also wanted to say thank you to everyone who has shown interest in this project, and remember that I'm always open to feedback.
This is a pretty neat skin! What was Neptune code name for again? I know that Whistler was XP and Longhorn was Vista...
Neptune was the codename for a version of Microsoft Windows under development in 1999. Based on Windows 2000, it was to replace the Windows 9x series[
So I guess the forums are letting me upload stuff again, so that's cool. I've re-uploaded the skin as an attachment to the first post.
Anyway, I'm still holding off on adding the Windows Server 2016 captions, since I'm not entirely sure all of its editions have been announced yet. I'm actually looking into options for using 3D borders with visual styles, so stay tuned!
I just realized the differences between the Windows 7 version of Segoe UI and the Windows 8 version. Since I created all the new captions on a Windows 8.1 machine, I now feel the need to redo all of the Windows 7/Server 2008 R2 bitmaps to use the correct version of that font. Ugh, I've created a monster!!!
Anyway, the next update will feature not only the Server 2016 variations, but also a few variations that I either couldn't find the bitmaps for (I'm looking at you, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition, Version 2002) or that I otherwise forgot about/didn't know about. If I ever have the time, I'd also like to do a version that always has 3D borders, but don't count on that (at least not anytime soon).
Well, here's that update I promised. This is the biggest update I've done in a while, and it includes many new variations, as well as a few updates to some of the older variations. Here is a list of changes:
-Swapped the colors for the Windows 8.1 and the Windows 10 variations (I think the darker colors are a bit more fitting for Windows 10 than they are for Windows 8.1)
I think that's about it. I wouldn't be surprised if I forgot to mention a few things, but that's all I can remember at the moment. In all honesty, this was probably one of the most difficult updates I've ever done with this skin, and that's part of the reason it took so long to complete. But I'm glad it's finally finished, and I'm still open to any feedback.
Oh, and one last thing. If anyone prefers the older variations, I've attached a zip folder to the first post containing the old bitmaps. You can re-apply them using Resource Hacker.
Well, that's all for now. I'm really glad that so many people seem to enjoy this skin. It really does mean a lot to me, so thank you to everyone who has shown interest in this project.
Hi R.O.B., I used your start menu .skin as a base for my start menu .skin. I took out most of the captions though because I figured that you put in alot of work making these captions, and I didn't want to just leave them in there. I also made a few other captions, if you want to take a look. The start menu .skin I made is here: http://classicshell.net/forum/viewtopic.php?f=17&t=7214
A product is object that can be bought or sold, and responds to a must own a consumer group. Moreover, the services are related to a human group that lends itself to satisfy a consumer need, without the need for the existence of an object or physicist involved. The products mainly have two attributes, their characteristics […]
“There is immense labour and strife for the sinner who turns to God, but afterwards unspeakable joy. Continue reading →
Set in La Serena,Apartamento Elsa Hurtado is an apartment boasting an outdoor pool. Guests benefit from balcony. Free private parking is available on site. The kitchen features an oven. A flat-screen TV with cable channels is featured. Other facilities at Apartamento Elsa Hurtado include a seasonal outdoor pool. Avenida del Mar is 200 metres from Apartamento Elsa Hurtado, while La.. flere oplysninger
Departamento Barbato offers accommodation in Coquimbo, 5 km from Mall Vivo Coquimbo and 5 km from Francisco Sanchez Rumoroso Stadium. This apartment also has free WiFi. The apartment includes 2 bedrooms and a living room with a flat-screen TV. The apartment also includes a kitchen, a seating area and 2 bathrooms with a shower. The apartment can conveniently provide information at the.. flere oplysninger
Situated in Coquimbo, 5 km from Mall Vivo Coquimbo, Jardin del Mar Departamentos features accommodation with free WiFi and a garden with an outdoor swimming pool. Some units also have a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave. There is an in-house restaurant, which serves a variety of local dishes. Guests relax in the well-equipped wellness area, which has a hot tub. The.. flere oplysninger
Set in Coquimbo, Marina Sol has accommodation 5 km from Mall Vivo Coquimbo. Some units also have a kitchen equipped with a microwave. The apartment offers an outdoor pool. Guests can relax in the garden at the property. Francisco Sanchez Rumoroso Stadium is 5 km from Marina Sol. The nearest airport is La Florida Airport, 9 km from the.. flere oplysninger
Prefers open savannah, woodlands, and thorny scrub, especially trees such as Acacia and Combretum. Range may be extended into more arid and mountainous areas by certain subspecies. Elevations have been recorded to 2100 meters in northern Ethiopia. The overall territory size is estimated at 10ha, with an estimated 50 ha/pair.
Almost all of the food is obtained on the ground and consists primarily of insects, especially beetles and their larvae. Grasshoppers, termites, ants, crickets, scorpions, centipedes, and fly larvae are also consumed. Small vertebrates such as geckos, scavenged dead rodents, and chicks from nests are also included in the diet. A small amount of fruit is consumed during the summer months.
Lovers Club is a club that aims to help people who have trouble in romance. As a member and chairman, Jamal is assisted by the club when desiring Samara even though he knows Samara has a boyfriend named Ruben. On the other hand Samara's parents want her daughter to be paired with a dangdut singer, Hercules. Hercules asks his father, Zeus, to apply for Samara. But, Samara still choose Ruben. Ruben's wish to marry Samara, is heard by Don Carlo, the mob boss, Cokro's business enemy, Ruben’s dad. So Don Carlo kidnapps Ruben and Samara and makes them a ransom guarantee of Rp 10 billion .
Pronunciation Bites: Report on the Phonetics Teaching and Learning Conference (#PTLC2015) at UCL. August 5-7th, 2015 - Part 2
Report on the Phonetics Teaching and Learning Conference (#PTLC2015) at UCL. August 5-7th, 2015 - Part 2
My previous post briefly commented on the sessions I attended at PTLC 2015 on Day 1. I am now going to report on a very busy day at the conference, Day 2, before it all flies away from my short-term memory and all my teaching duties take over!
(My usual disclaimer: all misinterpretations of the presentations are my own, and totally unintentional)
The opening plenary was by Dr. Eleanor Lawson, who struck me as sooo knowledgeable and so young! She made a fascinating report of a few studies on Scottish postvocalic /r/, and what different types of measurements (impressionistic, MRI, UTI) contributed to the study of coarticulation. The presentation continued with the description of the whole development process for these two amazing online resources: Seeing Speech and Dynamic Dialects. It was, simply, an amazing presentation.
The second session of the day started with a very entertaining presentation of teaching ideas for laboratory phonetics by Timothy Mills, Karen Pollock and Benjamin V. Tucker from the University of Alberta. One of their techniques involved getting students to create their own "Frankeintracts" of the vocal tract, making use of any material of their choice (apparently some students even attempted models that could actually utter sounds!). Other very interesting activities consisted in the students' plotting of their own vowel formants and a few designs of tests for the perception of neutralisation of items such as "latter/ladder".
Mercedes Cabrera-Abreu and Francisco Vizcaíno-Ortega were up next (represented by Mercedes on this ocassion), and their presentation was a discussion of their classroom assessment tasks for their courses on acoustics, and the results obtained. From spectogram and waveform recognition tasks to the actual hand-drawing of spectograms, students were assessed on numerous aspects of acoustic phonetics, with different levels of success. I found the tasks particularly interesting (and difficult, given my really basic knowledge of acoustics!), and this presentation opened my mind to a other ways of testing.
I, Marina Cantarutti, was the following presenter. I discussed a very humble classroom experience on intonation teaching through speech genres (the lecture genre, in this case) and on my students' treatment of tonality, tonicity and tone in connection to thematic structure in a pre- and post-instruction tests. I have basically found that my students actively assigned different degrees of relevance to the various thematic elements in the text given by either conflating Themes and Rhemes in the same IP (lowering the relevance and possible contrastive value of the thematic element) or by treating them obliquely. I also made a point that contrary to my own expectations, students initially produced more cases of transfer from Spanish in terms of their treatment of focus, rather than of tone.
After lunch, two attempts at a group picture, and a tour round the labs and the library, we were all ready for more.
Smiljana Komar from the University of Ljubliana introduced her results in perception tasks for the fall-rise tone. She found some interesting cases of mistaken perception of fall-rises for falls, and then for rises. Her findings in a way appear pretty similar to the ones I believe we would find over here in Buenos Aires, if we tried the same tests, which makes the whole thing really intriguing, given that we have different L1s!
Yusuke Shibata, Masaki Taniguchi and Tamikazu Date presented an experience with junior high teacher and students, connected to notions of tonicity and focus. They have found these features to be highly teachable, and they expect to be able to "persuade" and also train teachers towards the active integration of pronunciation and intonation work at schools.
Junko Sugimoto and Yoko Uchida carried out an analysis of the government-approved ELT books in Japan in search of pronunciation tasks and training. They have found that there were activities connected to vowels, consonants and well as articulatory explanations and resources on phonics and Katakana. In my opinion, the books they analysed presented a number of very interesting contents and tasks, and they far exceeded the number of activities and pronunciation training available in the EFL textbooks that we have on this side of the world.
Nikola Paillereau presented a comparison between some specific Czech and French vowels as produced by students acquiring French as L2. The focus on this presentation was the assessment of L2 vowels using a piece of software called VisuVo -which, unfortunately, is not open to the public yet-, which was designed by the presenter and a collaborator . The program allowed for measurement and plotting of vowel formats and comparison of other variables across speakers and in an intra-speaker manner.
Rungpat Roengpitya discussed the design of different Phonetics courses at different departments at her university in Thailand. I found it particularly interesting that the inclusion of Phonetics for training in some medical sciences, such as Dentistry, was aimed at helping the future professionals become aware of how they can improve a patient's quality of life by knowing how their intervention may affect speech.
Pekka Lintunen and Aleksi Mäkilähde (represented by the former on this occasion) carried out a very interesting study regarding what students prefer, like and find motivating about the Phonetics courses they attended. Their survey revealed that students find accents and intonation topics more engaging than other themes in the course. Part of their study also assessed whether students' view of Phonetics as highly benefitial to their future career had changed, and in most cases, students agreed that Phonetics was necessary for their professional development. There were a few caveats and self-objections that the presenter made to the survey and its delivery, but it was overall a very interesting, and easily replicable study, worth further thought!
The closing prenary was by Professor David Deterding, and it was aimed at discussing misunderstandings and the role of pronunciation for intelligibility. We participants had a lot of fun decoding many instances of English as an L2/FL speech from different locations (Brunei, Nigeria, among a few others), and in the end, it turned pretty challenging to make sense of many words. (This may seem quite obvious and ordinary for people teaching in multilingual environments, but in my teaching setting, where most of my students' L1 is Spanish and where English is only used in the classroom, activities like these really open up your mind!) . Deterding's talk included a review of the Lingua Franca Core, and some comments regarding attempts at revised versions in different environments. Apart from the well-known objection to stress-timed rhythm as a feature making speech less intelligible from an international perspective, there were a few comments regarding the role of consonant clusters in the blurring of comprehension at word level. Event though David did not perhaps tackle upon this explicitly in his talk, later personal communication made it clear that of course, we need to make a distinction between aims we may have regarding perception, and those for production. We all agree that perception and exposure to all accents of English, including "international Englishes" is essential if we want our language teaching training to be enabling and empowering for communication.
This is the end of Day 2 (because, of course, I will not report on the wine-tasting session!). Just in case: I'm just the messenger here, so I am merely reporting on the sessions, and adding a few comments, but of course, any objections or remarks on the presentations should be addressed to the authors themselves (do note that I have, in most cases, added links to the speakers' institutional affiliations!).
I'll be wrapping up my discussion of PTLC on my next post on Day 3, which will probably be out during the weekend. Thanks for bearing with me!
Trinidad and Tobago has yet another reason to be proud, following the stunning performance of Jereem Richards in the 200m men’s final at the Commonwealth Games yesterday (April 12, 2018). It gives me great pleasure to congratulate young Mr. Richards on his hard-fought victory, as he has simultaneously carved out a place for himself in the history books of our nation.
Not since 1970 has an athlete from Trinidad and Tobago earned a medal in the 200m men’s event at the Commonwealth Games. With this victory, Mr. Richards has also secured this nation our very first gold medal in that category. He has every reason to be proud of this achievement, given his persistence and dedication to his discipline over the years.
These qualities most certainly contributed to his capacity to run a challenging race, without losing focus and emerging victorious in the end. Despite the outlook. In spite of the seemingly insurmountable odds that he faced in the final stretch, Jereem gave it his all. He didn’t falter. He never gave up. And in the end he prevailed.
We commend Jereem on his tenacity and sportsmanship. This outcome, no doubt a result of his hard work and sacrifice, will certainly boost the confidence of our local athletes as they too seek to excel in this field.
On behalf of the Government of Trinidad and Tobago and my fellow citizens, I commend Jereem on his accomplishment and wish all of our athletes at the Games continued success on the world stage.
We can assist you and your Architect with your site development. Our past experience in providing civil engineering design to both the private and public sectors has allowed us to develop solid working relationships with the people within the jurisdictional agencies that will review your development plans.
A. The value of RθJA is measured with the device mounted on 1in 2 FR-4 board with 2oz. Copper, in a still air environment with TA =25°C. The
Power dissipation PDSM is based on R θJA and the maximum allowed junction temperature of 150°C. The value in any given application depends on
B. The power dissipation PD is based on TJ(MAX)=175°C, using junction-to-case thermal resistance, and is more useful in setting the upper
C. Repetitive rating, pulse width limited by junction temperature TJ(MAX)=175°C. Ratings are based on low frequency and duty cycles to keep initial
E. The static characteristics in Figures 1 to 6 are obtained using <300µs pulses, duty cycle 0.5% max.
F. These curves are based on the junction-to-case thermal impedence which is measured with the device mounted to a large heatsink, assuming
H. These tests are performed with the device mounted on 1 in 2 FR-4 board with 2oz. Copper, in a still air environment with TA=25°C.
- Best in show, Box, directed by Tarik Abdel-Gawad, Bot & Dolly. It explores the synthesis of real and digital space through projection mapping on moving surfaces. The short film documents a first-ever live synchronized performance using 3D projection mapping, robots, and actors.
- Jury award : Paper World, directed by Dávid Ringeisen, László Ruska, Moholy-Nagy University of Art and Design. It is an image film for the World Wildlife Fund Hungary where the values that WWF stands for become visible metaphorically on the level of a micro-world.
- Best animated short :Home Sweet Home, directed by Pierre Clenet, Alejandro Diaz, Romain Mazenet, Stéphane Paccolat, Supinfocom Arles (France). A house uproots herself and goes on an adventure.
- Best student project: Wrapped, directed by Roman Kälin, Falko Paeper, Florian Wittmann, Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg. The deterioration of one is the foundation of another one's life. The world, with its never-ending interplay of eating and being eaten, takes on new dimensions when the unexpected forces of nature clash with the existing structures of our society. The only constant is change.
VFX work submitted by Framestore, United Kingdom. This film this year’s VFX Bafta and Oscar winner, turns filmmaking on its head. Rather than adding visual effects to a live-action plate, the film is around 80% computer generated, with the live-action elements (Sandra Bullock and George Clooney’s faces), integrated seamlessly with their CG spacesuits and surroundings.
- Best visualization & simulation: Kinematics, drected by Jessica Rosenkrantz, Jesse Louis-Rosenberg, Nervous System. This video visualizes Kinematics, a system for designing and simulating flexible structures for 3D printing. Kinematics generates customized designs composed of 10s to thousands of hinged, interlocking modules. The designs are computationally folded using rigid-body physics into a smaller form for fabrication by 3D printing.
- Best game: The Crew, directed by Maxime Luère, Dominique Boidin, Rémi Kozyra, Unit Image (France). The concept of this full-CGI trailer consists of juxtaposing the two worlds valued highly by car lovers: aesthetically pleasing advertisements and action scenes. The features of the game, such as the novelty of the multiplayer aspect and the feeling of freedom in an open world, are highlighted through this concept.
- Best real-time graphics: RYSE: Son of Rome, directed by Chris Evans, Peter Gornstein, Martin L’Heureux, Crytek. With this film, the firm decided to focus on characters and emotion to serve the game and story. Ryse is an eight hour game with an additional 110-minutes of linear storytelling content. The submission shows gameplay and cutscenes, both utilize the same assets and can be rendered in real-time.
VFX work submitted by MPC. The pony’s bouncy moves were created using a photo-real CG digital double and extensive R&D to translate human movement to a horse. The film cuts seamlessly between CG and real-life footage. Fur was created using MPC's Furtility tool, and environments were altered using compositing and matte painting.
To find a dealer in your area, please enter your zip code in the box to the left and click the magnifying glass.
BULLDOG™ Heavy Duty Winches are the right choice for big jobs and unforgiving conditions. They’re fast, powerful, and tough. Built to BULLDOG™ Tough and Trusted standards using tough aluminum alloy housings, silver-alloy contact pads, and thick copper buss bars, they’re weather resistant, and backed by a limited lifetime warranty covering all mechanical components.
Rugged, quiet, hardened steel 3-stage planetary gear train for reliable, durable performance in tough conditions and maximum mechanical efficiency
BULLDOG®, the BULLDOG® logo, and BULLDOG® graphics are the servicemarks, trademarks, or registered trademarks owned by Horizon Global Corporation. All other servicemarks, and trademarks are the property of their respective owner. Website Copyright © 2018 Horizon Global Corporation. All rights reserved.
You will find all you need in speed skating equipment. Our online store will frequently be updated to offer you the most recent skates, blades, etc.
The nerd is getting sucked off by a horny bbw. Amber Hall is a sexy bbw fucking a horny black guy. Searches Related to "sexy fat women". Forgot Username or Password? Curvy Chrissy is fucked by her neighbour.
Creating an account gives you the ability to shortlist your favorite properties and receive exclusive market information.
All Property Types Apartment Condo Land Office Building Serviced Apartment Single Family Detached Townhouse Villa
Sort By Price : Low to High Price : High to Low Area : Low to High Area : High to Low Bedrooms : Low to High Bedrooms : High to Low
Free eBook available to NEW subscribers only. Offer redeemable at Simon & Schuster's ebook fulfillment partner.
This is the extraordinary graphic novel charting the creation, evolution and break-up of the fab four, originally published in 1981. The Beatles Story is an exceptionally illustrated account of the band from one of the leading artists of his generation, the UK's Arthur Ranson (Batman, Judge Dredd, Button Man). Written by Angus Allan it includes fascinating insights into Paul McCartney and John Lennon’s first...
Get relationship help, parenting advice, healthy recipes, and tips for living a happy life from our author experts.
Learn a language anytime, anywhere in just 30 minutes a day with Pimsleur. Get your free lesson today!
Al confine fra Reale e Virtuale. Racconti di umane debolezze su Internet: Amore, Chat, Voyeurismo, Hackers, Cybersex�
This cake was requested by one of my daughters friends mum for her son-in-law who’s a keen photographer, she orginally wanted the cake to be covered in a piped swirl pattern, including the causal flowers (one of his favourite photos is of white hat with black swirls), but I felt for a 6" cake it would look to busy and suggested we leave it with just the flowers).
To subscribe or unsubscribe click and/or next to the lists to which you wish to subscribe/unsubscribe.
Mary Kay beauty products go beyond just makeup and skin care – our fragrances finish the beauty experience for both women and men using signature fresh scents. From clean or woody to floral or fruity, anyone in Rocky Ford will find a scent they love. Mary Kay has Eau de Parfum for a long-lasting, invigorating scent for the serious fragrance lover, while Eau de Toilette fragrances are more casual, inexpensive products for simple everyday wear. Masculine fragrances from MKMen® create an irresistible scent for men. If you need perfume in Rocky Ford or a gift idea, get in touch with a Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultant today.
Ye who have a spark in your veins of cockney spirit, smile or mourn acccording as you take things well or ill;— Bold Britons, we are now on Shooter's Hill!
Following the successful Tai Chi session at Eaglesfield Park’s picnic last month the Friends of Eaglesfield Park have arranged two more Tai Chi sessions, the first tomorrow (Sunday 23rd August) at 2.00pm. Madeleine from the Friends wrote with details:
Following a wonderful Tai Chi session held as part of the Parksfest event on 12th July and the requests of local residents, Chew-Yeen has very kindly offered to come back to Eaglesfield Park to run 2 free classes for anyone to join in. Chew-Yeen has been practicing Tai Chi for over 20 years. She is a member of the British Council of Martial Arts Federation and a European Tai Chi gold medal winner.
Tai chi combines slow and gentle movements with deep breathing and relaxation. It can help to reduce stress, improve balance and general mobility, and increase muscle strength in the legs. You can get started even if you aren’t in top shape or the best of health. Come and join in on: Sunday 23rd August and Sunday 27th September (both days 2 – 3 pm)
A wonderful opportunity to try a few Tai Chi moves and learn how it can improve your health and well being and according to a local resident at the Eaglesfield Park Parkfest 2015 “Trying out tai chi for the first time and in such lovely surroundings with such a beautiful view was a very special experience’”
There is no need to “book a place”, just turn up. However it would be helpful if you could let Chew-Yeen know if you are interested so that she has an idea of the number of people to expect or if you need further information. Please email her at: chewyeenlawes@yahoo.com .
Having tried out a few Tai Chi moves, why not linger a while – relax and enjoy the peaceful ambience of the park and a “communal picnic” to share with other participants. Perhaps you could bring a “covered dish” – some french bread and cheese, or mixed salad or cakes or fruit or a few sandwiches or your very own “signature dish”. It’s a great way to make new friends and has proved popular on previous occasions. Don’t forget the flask of tea or coffee !
It really is worth coming to see what Tai Chi is all about and Chew-Yeen’s enthusiasm and expertise may well inspire you too!
Please note however ………… Weather permitting ! Check our blog www.eaglesfieldpark.org on the morning of 23rd August and 27th September for cancellation due to bad weather.
I attended the Java MeetUp 612 this morning and it addressed the pros and cons of podcasting with a stellar panel of podcasters. I learned so much from it, I thought I'd share the Twitter chat transcript. [View the story "Panel Discussion: The Pros & Cons Of Podcasting" on Storify]This is a transcript of the Twitter chatter for February 2013 Java MeetUp 612 featuring … [Read more...]
Hello! How are you? I hope fine, today I bring you a review of some balms sold in Argentina by the brand Extreme Farmacity, as seen in the photos they wanted to imitate the presentation of Revlon balm in my opinion.
I speak of these jumbos or crayons with moisturizing properties that at the same time give color to the lips. They, like almost all products of this style have a slight smell of mint. They are very moisturizing for a lipstick and very easy to apply. With a few strokes you will reach the intensity of the bar.
Comments are moderated in order to avoid spam and trolls, so please note that your comments may not show straightaway.
Argentinian EFL teacher and former lecturer in Applied Phonetics and Discourse Analysis. MA in English Language. PhD student in Language and Communication.
An appeal by Pensacola creationist Kent Hovind and his wife, Jo Hovind, seeking acquittal on tax-fraud charges was denied.
U.S. District Judge Casey Rodgers upheld the Hovinds’ November 2006 conviction on 44 counts of bank-structuring — the withdrawal of bank funds under the $10,000 threshold that triggers bank reports to the Internal Revenue Service.
During the trial, prosecutors presented evidence that showed the couple routinely withdrew $9,500 and $9,600, from their bank.
In November, a jury found Kent Hovind guilty on 58 federal counts, including failure to pay $845,000 in employee-related taxes. In January, he was sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Jo Hovind was convicted of 44 counts of evading bank-reporting requirements. Her sentencing was delayed pending the appeal and should soon be set.
CounterCultSearch.com is a dedicated search engine for information about cults, abusive churches, ex-cult support, etcetera.
The term ‘cult expert’ is not protected. Anyone can use it regardless of ability, approach, or level of acceptance by recognized authorities in the field.
Find new Braeside Estates real estate & homes for sale information: Explore Braeside Estates real estate in Sw Calgary with luxury homes for sale, townhomes, condos, Open Houses, foreclosures, Braeside Estates real estate statistics more Braeside Estates real estate information.
Search Braeside Estates real estate listings homes for sale is a residential neighborhood in the south-west quadrant of Calgary, Alberta. Braeside Estates homes is located north of Anderson Road, south of Southland Drive, west of 14th Street SW and east of 24th Street SW.
Research Braeside Estates real estate statistics, real estate & homes for sale in Calgary on November 12, 2018. Currently there are 35 active real estate listings in Braeside Estates average asking price of $358,633.57 highest price property $674,900.00. Currently 16 properties include Single Family Attached Homes, Detached Homes, For Sale by Owner, Luxury homes plus 19 condos for sale, townhomes, rowhouses, Lake Homes, bank foreclosures.
Great Bi-level. Fully Developed With A Brand New Renovated Bathroom. Awesome Detached Garage With Plenty Of Room For Parking. Separate Parking Pad With A Large Removable Structure To Cover An Rv Or Additional Vehicles. 2 Good Sized On The Main Floor B...
This Townhome Is Perfect For The Single Professional Or Growing Family. Located Walking Distance To Schools, Retail, And The Glenmore Reservoir It Makes Life Easy. The Main Floor Has A Renovated Kitchen That Opens Up To The Eating Area That Can Accommod...
Research Braeside Estates real estate information, real estate reviews, listings, Luxury homes condos, maps, townhomes and local REALTORS®. Find today's Braeside Estates real estate statistics, past sales history, dates and prices public schools explore community information parks and daily breaking news. of real estate recently sold nearby, and more. Register for a free account as the real estate market is changing you need experienced Top rated real estate agents experts ready to answer your questions about Attached homes, Detached homes, neighborhoods, schools, and the newest listings for sale in Braeside Estates. Compare golf courses, Braeside Estates real estate maps , wonderful restaurants, shops, off leash dog parks and of course the people! IF buying or selling real estate, you can expect expert advice, high quality service, straight forward communication plus attention to detail. Information on homes for sale, foreclosures, bank owned, acreages, Lake homes, New construction.
Find Braeside Estates Homes For Sale, compare Braeside Estates attached, detached and single family properties. Braeside Estates is a residential neighbourhood in Sw quadrant of Calgary with plenty of open area parks and recreation.
CKIC will attend 26th International Trade Fair for Laboratory Technology, Analysis, Biotechnology and analytica conference (Analytica 2018) from April 10 to 13, 2018 at Messe Munchen, Germany.
CKIC unique exhibition profile combines all the aspects of modern analysis employed in industry and research. Visit us at Hall A1, Stand 433-6 to learn more. CKIC Team will be available to answer questions, provide turnkey solutions and share experience to assist you in meeting your business objectives.
CKIC is the global leader in the manufacture of mechanical samplers, sample preparation equipment and analytical instruments for various applications.
CKIC held the 12th training seminar in Changsha from April 23rd to 27th, with 32 delegates and agents presented from different countries including South Korea, India, Pakistan, and so on. During the training seminar, working principles and operating procedures of coal analysis instrument have been studied thoroughly. Furthermore, the development and application of analytical equipment for the test of bio-fuels, soil, and garbage wastes have been discussed.
26th International Trade Fair for Laboratory Technology, Analysis, Biotechnology and Analytica Conference (Analytica 2018) was held successfully from April 10 to 13,2018 at Messe Munchen, Germany. Nearly 1, 200 renowned companies from 45 countries and regions gathered in Analytica 2018, not only to share application and solution of analytical instrument in the field of biochemistry, medical treatment, food and environment, but also to present the latest innovative products and technology.
November 30 - December 1, 2017, 2nd Fuel Analysis Seminar that hosted by CKIC Korea and DARI, has been held in Dae-Deok, Tech Biz center Conference Room and DARI Laboratory. Over 27 Delegates from Cement Plant, Steel Plant, Commercial Laboratory, Research Institute and Power Plant have participated the seminar. During the Seminar , CKIC team has presented the Latest development of CKIC Biomass & SRF Analysis Solution, Standard compliance for different countries, and Studies on Calorific Value, Total Sulfur, Proximate (Ash, Moisture, Volatile matter), Ultimate (Carbon, Hydrogen, Nitrogen) ,
Event details may change at any time, always check with the event organizer when planning to attend this event or purchase tickets.
© Copyright 2018 Dublin Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
Surviving Dublin a city with more taxis than New York. Dublin is a passengers paradise and a taxi drivers hell
This entire block was built facing the wrong way, the founadtions were in when the rest of the plans arrived. Imagine it 180o the other way
We put lights into the bay window at home. We got the fittings in "bright Lights in Glasnevin industrial estate beside Lidl.
She was born out of wedlock and her grandmother wanted her mother to go to England, have the baby and have it adopted..The grandfather insisted that she stay in Ireland and have the baby here,
The mother took flight when my passenger was a couple of years old and the grandparents tried to rear her. The granny died and as the grandfather couldn't take care of a small child she was taken into care. In and out of different institutions she met the woman we were going to rescue when they were 12 years old and they have been soulmates since.
We arrived €8 on the meter. Jesus she insisted on me to take €20. So strange when the business people on expense account wait for 40cent.
The way things work, you are asked to drop this package over to Jimmy, then mind this for me and the next thing is you are caught in possession.
With so many taxis in Dublin 16000 or so (Even more than New York)I have been forced to work nights and days as well. Traffic is mad here during the day.
we offer responsive website design and development services at firstimageus.com. make your business brand by increasing its target audience and enhancing brand image. join us to give our website attractive & brand new look! call us at (305)4542259 for any query! contact us :- first image consulting [email protected] 1865 sw 103rd ave miramar fl 33025 usa 800-899-3811 visit her
the aroma of megha incense is very soothing to the soul and the body. the 100% natural origin of the aggarbattis is the usp for this natural incense sticks suppliers. so, during festivities you can now light up a bunch without any health hazards. contact information - megha aromatics rz - 286/17, tuglakabad extention, new delhi - 110019, india 011-2999-6090 | 011-2999-8838 +91-9
saddleback equipment rentals offers the best value in tool, equipment, and party rentals to orange county. over the 50 years we’ve been in business, we’ve earned the trust of thousands of satisfied customers, who rely on us because of our extensive inventory of high quality equipment and tools, punctual delivery services, and exceptional customer service. we offer cost-effective tool rentals, truc
mobile mobile orlando provides cell phone repair in orlando specializing in iphone repair, galaxy repair, ipads, tablets, macbook, macbook pro, lg, and samsung phones repair. the experienced team of professionals provides phone repair services is the same day and if the issue is minor then the phone is fixed within a few hours. you are guaranteed to receive professional, quick, and efficient repai
mission tire center is the original tire store in mission viejo, and a proud affiliate dealer with bridgestone/firestone. we’re also a full-service auto repair shop that provides expert, affordable tire replacement, tire rotations, alignments, scheduled services, tune-ups, brake repairs, transmission service, air conditioning/heating repair, and more. by offering exceptional value, honest advice,
china freight offers competitive rates and reliable services for shipping from china to usa by air freight or sea freight. we are adept at customizing unique solutions for each customer, so you can trust us to deliver safely and on time, and in a cost-efficient manner. contact us:- website:-	http://www.chinafreight.com/shipping-to-usa.html business mail id:-	[email protected] address:-	s
see how you can earn cash flow from day 1 of your purchase! visit now. have you ever wanted to learn about the phoenix real estate investment market? have you been seating on the sidelines ever since the crushed occurred? if so, then you need to attend one of our upcoming events. at our investment property experts educational event: • we are going to teach you about what’s happen
do not miss this opportunity! we will create your company's logo for only $200.00!!!! professional- identity - creativity - branding for only $200.00 we spend the time with you so we get your logo just right! contact now us so we can get started! [email protected]
Margaret Kumar and her college-aged daughter felt that Newtown needed a more personal, community-centric place to gather where people could enjoy fine-quality coffee—the kind you can drink black because "it's that good." Their hunch was right. The Coffee Room has been abuzz with activity since the doors opened. Our branding project for this cafe began with exploring logos and a color palette. The resulting imagery and typography has informed everything from our sourcing mugs from a small vendor in New Hampshire to the sign that hangs outside the 100-year-old building. Many thanks to Laura Pedrick for the photography here and on The Coffee Room website.
Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100% of your purchase goes to HRCâ€™s committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
Clip clop through Menorca's history: A horse riding tour is the only way to circumnavigate this Balearic island. The Cami de Cavalls path in Menorca had sat unused
A senior Turkish police source said that police believed that Khashoggi was "brutally tortured, killed and cut into pieces" inside the consulate
Turkish investigators probing the vanishing of a Saudi journalist in Istanbul believe he was murdered inside the Saudi consulate, Turkish sources told news agencies on Saturday.
A senior Turkish police source told the Middle East Eye that police believed that Jamal Khashoggi, 59, was "brutally tortured, killed and cut into pieces" inside the consulate after visiting the building on 2 October.
"Everything was videotaped to prove the mission had been accomplished and the tape was taken out of the country," the source told the MEE.
On Tuesday he entered the Saudi consulate in Istanbul to get documents for his forthcoming marriage. Saudi officials say he left shortly afterwards but his fiancee, who was waiting outside, said he never came out.
Khashoggi, a former newspaper editor in Saudi Arabia, left the country last year. He advised Prince Turki al-Faisal, former Saudi intelligence chief, and has also been close to billionaire investor Prince Alwaleed bin Talal.
In his columns in the Washington Post, Khashoggi had been escalating his criticism of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.
Speaking to CNN Turk on Sunday, Yasin Aktay, an adviser to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, said: "We could determine his entrance but not any exit. That's confirmed. We asked them [the Saudis], they say 'he left,' but there is no such thing on the camera footage.
Aktay said he believed Khashoggi had been killed in the consulate and that Turkish authorities believed a group of 15 Saudi nationals were "most certainly involved" in the matter.
An unnamed Turkish official told the Reuters news agency that Turkish police believed Khashoggi had been killed and his body then removed from the building.
"The initial assessment of the Turkish police is that Mr Khashoggi has been killed at the consulate of Saudi Arabia in Istanbul. We believe that the murder was premeditated and the body was subsequently moved out of the consulate," said the official.
The Washington Post said Saturday, citing sources familiar with the inquiry, that its columnist Khashoggi had been killed by a 15-man Saudi team sent to Turkey "specifically for the murder."
Police said about the 15 Saudis, including officials, came to Istanbul on two private flights on Tuesday and were at the consulate at the same time as Khashoggi. They left again the same day. Their diplomatic bags could not be opened.
Khashoggi's disappearance is unlikely to further deepen divisions between Ankara and Riyad. Erdoğan on Sunday said he was awaiting the results of an investigation
Erdoğan said on Sunday he was closely following the case of Khashoggi. Erdoğan told reporters that authorities were examining camera footage and airport records as part of their investigation into the disappearance last week of Khashoggi.
The Turkish president said he was personally following the issue, without saying what he believed had happened to Khashoggi.
"Entries and exits into the embassy, airport transits and all camera records are being looked at and followed. We want to swiftly get results," he said, adding without explanation: "My expectation is still positive."
Student (Undergraduate) Student (Graduate) Entry Level Experienced (Non-Manager) Manager Executive (Department Head, SVP, VP etc) Senior Executive (President, CEO, etc)
If credits rolled at the end of The Passion in Adeje “shepherd with shovel” would appear on the honours. As noon approached Roman soldiers shuffled their sandals, the Empress toyed with her snake, even the Roman eagle had a little flutter, and the horses showed their nerves in a less delicate manner.
There has to be some back stage jitters for this annual street theatre extravaganza that re-creates the last days of Christ and his crucifixion. A cast of 300 actors rehearse for months, scenery and costumes are lovingly created, and Calle Grande is transformed to a biblical setting thanks to liberal sprinklings of palm ferns and leaves.
The crowd was bigger than ever this year, 22,000 people lined the street from the church at the top down to the small plaza where Jesus would be nailed to a wooden cross. Press and the local television crews following the scenes as they unfold dress in costume so as to not distract from the emotionally charged story.
Even The Greatest Story Ever Told can benefit from a few tweaks, this year there were more dancers and some extra passages of dialogue, relayed over speakers from head sets worn by the main characters. The key elements were all there in their usual glory, The Last Supper, the garden of Gethsemane, Pontius Pilot’s court room and the market.
The power and realism is a tribute to the hard work of everyone involved, no gory detail is spared from Jesus chained and whipped by the Romans to the graphic nailing of Jesus to the cross before it is hoisted before his mother and Mary Magdalene. As Jesus forgave his captors with his last breath and his close friends wept at his loss, many of the onlookers shed tears too and everyone crowded into the final area was visibly moved as every last drop of emotion was wrung out.
Fertile is another adjective that The Skids might have added to their lyrics if they had done the Santiago de Teide to Puerto Santiago walk. As talk of drought continues in Tenerife the Barranco del Valle showed how well water can be used to keep agriculture going.
At the top end of this 8 km walk the low dark rolling cloud was sprinkling rain on me as I set out, it felt a bit chilly too and I was glad of my rain jacket. Much of the route is the old Camino Real, one of the earliest paths linking the coast to the hills. Big angular blocks of stone tested my footwork and volcanic stone walling helped to channel me slowly downwards parallel to the main road.
The rain soon fizzled out as I left the brooding cloud behind me and the coat joined the bare essentials in my small rucksack. I soon discovered that this was quite a selection box of teasing trails, the first temptation was a detour of 3.8 kms to El Moledo or a 2.1 km stairway up to Risco Blanco. Making a mental note for a future trip I pushed onwards and down to the lip of the barranco deep below.
Rock stacks to my right were bizarre and fascinating and the path had its own beauty with cactus plants blooming with pink pears. The next signpost offered up Cruz de Los Misioneres, a steep climb up the side of the mountain to a lone white cross at the top, again I had to decline the invitation. A black goat I passed trotted up onto a mound and started a bleated conversation with a friend across the barranco. Tamaimo was now in view to my left and as the path dipped down, the trail crossed the dry barranco bed and I took advantage of a smooth stone to sit and have a snack. The river course may have been dry but since the start of the walk a large pipe running close to the path had gurgled loudly with the water rushing through it.
Cresting a hill I got my first glimpse of the coast and very beautiful it looked. A little further on I noticed several reservoirs, not full but not far off. Pipes running into them were matched by others leading out into well tended plots of bananas and cereal crops, all looking very healthy. Coming down hill two reservoirs looked more like a small marina, the sign here pointed up to the right so I duly obliged only to find myself following a quickly narrowing ledge that was leading to a sheer drop.
Common sense eventually tapped me on the shoulder and I back tracked to the reservoirs and headed around the well protected banana plantations. The track between the towering green enclosures soon turned into a road and my confidence returned as I recognised some landmarks up ahead. The road came out just above the Los Gigantes mirador which was awash with coach parties of tourists. The near four hours had sped by, the transition from rain to hot sun, and the expanse of fertile farmland in the barranco had given me a new understanding of the precarious nature of water supplies on the island. More importantly I had found another stimulating and rewarding trail of wonder and beauty.
Ralph Lauren (born Ralph Lifshitz; October fourteen, 1939) is an American style designer, philanthropist, and small business govt, best known for the Ralph Lauren Corporation, a worldwide multibillion-greenback company. He has also become well-known for his assortment of unusual vehicles, a number of that have been shown in museum reveals. Lauren stepped down as Main Executive Officer of the organization in September 2015 but remains the Executive Chairman and Chief Inventive Officer.[two] As of Oct 2017, Forbes estimates his prosperity at $five.8 billion, which makes Ralph Lauren the 91st richest individual on earth.[3]
Ralph Lauren pronounced Laur-un , was born within the Bronx, New York City,[4] to Ashkenazi Jewish immigrants, Frieda (Cutler) and Frank Lifshitz, an artist and dwelling painter,[five] from Pinsk, Belarus.[6][seven] He is the youngest of 4 siblings[eight]--two brothers and a person sister.
Lauren attended working day college followed by MTA (now called the Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy), just before at some point graduating from DeWitt Clinton Highschool in 1957.[nine][10] He went to Baruch Faculty, at the town College of Big apple (CUNY) where by he analyzed company, although he dropped out soon after two several years.
From 1962 to 1964 he served in the United States Military and still left to work briefly for Brooks Brothers as a sales assistant ahead of turning into a salesman to get a tie corporation.[eleven] The Ralph Lauren Corporation started in 1967 with Adult males's ties. At 28 several years-old, Lauren labored for your tie company Beau Brummell, wherever he convinced the company's president to Enable him start off his very own line.[twelve]
Drawing on his passions in sporting activities, Ralph Lauren named his very first complete line of menswear ‘Polo' in 1968. He worked away from an individual "drawer" from a showroom from the Empire State Setting up and manufactured deliveries to shops himself.[thirteen] By 1969, the Manhattan department retail store Bloomingdale's marketed Lauren's men line solely. It was The very first time that Bloomingdale's had specified a designer their own personal in-store boutique.
In 1971, Ralph Lauren Corporation launched a line of tailor-made shirts for women, which launched the Polo participant emblem to the globe for the first time, showing on the shirt's cuff. The primary full Females's selection was introduced the subsequent yr. 1971 also marked the opening of Ralph Lauren's retail store on Rodeo Push in Beverly Hills, California. This is the 1st freestanding store for an American designer.[fourteen]
In 1972 the Ralph Lauren Company introduced a signature cotton mesh Polo shirt in several colors. That includes the polo participant emblem for the chest, the shirt grew to become emblematic of your preppy appear—among Ralph Lauren's signature models. The tagline for your advertisement marketing campaign was: "Each staff has its color – Polo has seventeen."[15]
In 1974 he outfitted the male Solid of The nice Gatsby in costumes from his Polo line – a 1920s-design number of men's suits and sweaters, apart from the pink go well with which Lauren designed specifically for Robert Redford's Jay Gatsby. In 1977, Diane Keaton and Woody Allen wore Lauren's garments all through their Oscar-successful movie, Annie Corridor.[sixteen]
The very first Ralph Lauren fragrances, made by Warner-Lauren, Ltd. were being launched at Bloomingdale's in March 1978. Lauren, a fragrance for Ladies, on March 12 and Polo, cologne for guys, on March 26. This was The very first time that a designer has released two fragrances – a person for guys and a person for Women of all ages – simultaneously. The business entered the eu sector, and went Intercontinental, in 1981 with the opening of the first freestanding shop for an American designer on New Bond Road from the West Conclusion of London, England.
Ralph Lauren opened his first flagship within the Rhinelander mansion, on Madison Avenue and 72nd Road in New York City in 1986. Lauren re-designed the constructing's initial opulence which has a youthful style and design guide named Naomi Leff, with whom he experienced Beforehand labored on Ralph Lauren Property.[17] The Polo Sport line was introduced in 1992 followed by more than ten supplemental strains and purchased brands, including Ralph Lauren Purple Label in 1995 and Lauren Ralph Lauren in 1996.
On June 12, 1997, the company became a publicly traded company around the New York Inventory Trade.[18]
The 98-seat restaurant, RL, opened in March 1999 inside a newly manufactured setting up adjacent to the most important Ralph Lauren retail store within the corner of Chicago and Michigan Avenues. It absolutely was accompanied by the opening of two more dining places – Ralph's at 173 Boulevard Saint Germain Paris flagship retail outlet in 2010 along with the Polo Bar at Polo's flagship in Ny in 2015.[19]
The corporation released its official Website, and online store in 2000 as polo.com by RL Media (a cooperation involving Ralph Lauren and NBC). In 2007, Ralph Lauren Company acquired the NBC share of RL Media and the Internet site was relaunched as ralphlauren.com. In 2008, Ralph Lauren Company introduced a brand name known as American Dwelling, solely for JCPenney. It was the largest cross-classification model launch within the history of Ralph Lauren and JCPenney. On 29 September 2015, it absolutely was introduced that Stefan Larsson would substitute the company's founder, Ralph Lauren, as CEO in November. Lauren will continue to be on as government chairman and chief creative officer.[20]
Ralph Lauren continues to be showcased on in excess of 100 world Publications covers together with Architectural Digest, GQ, Forbes, City & Nation, TIME and Vogue.
On December twenty, 1964, he married Ricky Ann Lower-Beer in New York City. Ricky is definitely the daughter of Margaret Vytouch, and Rudolph Very low-Beer. The two achieved six months before, in a physician's office wherever Ricky was Functioning as a receptionist and on alternate times teaching dance.[21] She could be the author of your Hamptons: Foods, Family and Heritage.[22]
They have 3 kids. Andrew Lauren (b. 1969) is a movie producer and actor.[23] David Lauren (b. 1971) is Executive Vice chairman of Global Advertising and marketing, Marketing and advertising, and Communications at Ralph Lauren Company. In September 2011, he married Lauren Bush, the granddaughter of former U.S. President George H. W. Bush.[24] Dylan Lauren (b. 1974), operator of Dylan's Candy Bar in New York City, was married in June 2011 to hedge fund supervisor, Paul Arrouet.[25]
In April 1987, Ralph Lauren underwent surgical procedures to remove a benign Mind tumor and made a complete Restoration.[26]
Ralph Lauren is popular as a collector of vehicles,[28] with around 70 automobiles, some currently being extremely unusual. He owns a 1962 Ferrari 250 GTO, two Ferrari Testarossas, a few 1996 McLaren F1's (one of them an extremely-rare McLaren F1 LM), a Mercedes-Benz 300 SL Gullwing, a 1929 Bentley four½ Litre (Blower Bentley"), one Bugatti Sort 57SC Atlantic, a Porsche 997 GT3 RS, a Bugatti Veyron, a 1930 Mercedes-Benz SSK "Depend Trossi" (aka "The Black Prince") a 1938 Alfa Romeo 8C 2900B Mille Miglia.[29] along with a unusual Lamborghini Reventón Roadster. His cars have gained "Most effective in Display" with Ralph Lauren parfym the prestigious Pebble Beach front Concours d'Elegance twice, his 1938 Bugatti Variety 57SC Atlantic received in 1990 and his 1930 Mercedes-Benz SSK "Count Trossi" roadster won in 1993. In 2005 his assortment was exhibited at Boston's Museum of Fine Arts.[30] Seventeen autos from his selection had been exhibited on the Musée des Arts Décoratifs, Paris in 2011.[31] In 2017, Lauren's now $350 million car or truck selection took center stage through Big apple Fashion Week.[32]
Lauren said in May well 2014, "I despise when individuals get in touch with me philanthropic for the reason that I see it as more coming from the heart".[33]
In 1989 Lauren co-Started the Nina Hyde Heart for Breast Most cancers Investigate at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington D.C. in memory from the late Publish trend correspondent.[34] He served as chairman and designed the identify and image for Vogue Targets Breast Most cancers, a charitable initiative of your CFDA that founded in 1994 that marshals the goodwill and solutions of the fashion marketplace to raise community awareness and resources for breast most cancers internationally.[35]
In 2000 the Ralph Lauren Company released its Volunteer Application, which energizes workers and produces meaningful connections Using the communities during which they perform.[36] On Friday, September 15, Ralph Lauren Corporation introduced the Pink Pony Campaign, a national initiative to reduce disparities in cancer treatment by boosting recognition and maximizing avoidance, screening, and cure in lousy and underserved communities.[37]
The Polo Ralph Lauren Basis recognized the American Heroes Fund pursuing September 11th to allow Polo's 10,000 employees worldwide, in addition to their customers, the chance to get involved in the aid exertion.[38]
The Polo Vogue University was set up in 2004, by which Company executives do the job with interior-metropolis youth to offer insights into The style small business.[40] Set up in 2006, the Polo Denims G.I.V.E. (Become involved Volunteer Exceed) campaign was created to encourage and stimulate Neighborhood service by volunteerism by supporting the initiatives of devoted volunteers as well as their brings about.[41]
The Star-Spangled Banner, the first 1813 flag that influenced Francis Scott Crucial to write the Countrywide Anthem, was preserved by a $10 million contribution to save lots of The usa's Treasures from Polo Ralph Lauren in 1998. The flag was then unveiled on Wednesday, November 19, 2008 in a fresh gallery at the Smithsonian Countrywide Museum of American Record, in Washington D.C.[forty two]
Ralph Lauren Corporation declared in July 2013 its dedication to revive the elite L'Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris, The most influential art educational facilities in France.[43]
In 2014, the Ralph Lauren Company partnered Along with the Royal Marsden, the largest and many extensive most cancers Middle in Europe, to develop a earth-class breast most cancers study facility.[forty four] They opened the Royal Marsden Ralph Lauren Center for Breast Most cancers Study in 2016.[forty five]
Was definatly around the townsville scene before my time, i've never seen it before until you posted that thread, your right though, its sweet! running through for a 13 is impressive to say the least, running big boost aswell. Another hawkins vl eh, gezzzz there are more and more getting around, nice work bob.
i can't believe he sold the thing, was only running a hiflo t3. would have made awesome power with a larger turbo. i guess it wasn't over the top though, just neat.
does anyone know or owns that dark blue vlt i saw it last nite at anne street bp never seen it before. anyone?
Did it have 18 inch chromies, no front mount, non calais? With two younger dudes in it? If so that is B-rads car, he only just fixed it last night, but im not sure if he had it out and about. I'll ask him.
Met a fella from ayr last sat night down the strand would u believe. he has a Nice. Vl calais looks same as mine only light blue. also has a calais badge on the midel of the bonnet. auto with same set up and me only a rb30. has a wolf3d.. dunno anyway, good fella. car was built at hawkins. but he goes to TMS now. Shame.
Yeah he was on these forums awhile back. I sent him a PM ages ago but got no reply. Do you reckon you can get him to come on the cruise foney?
lol ... that never stopped the yella terra that night, someone woulda have to of been driving, RACE IT! narh all good, you'd better save everything you've got for the rana foney, your gonna need it.
You'll need to be saving your boost for it aswell!!! I'll make it fair superry, first run i'll run to my wastegate sping, however if you beat me on 14 pound, then that wastegate line is coming off, scared???? I am :-s
Who's gonna host some pics for me? Got some of my water sprayers, and with front grill and without front grill... I need them put into my vl turbo discussion thread, if someone would be so kind.
Get in touch with your local Council. The Council may be under a legal duty to provide you with emergency accommodation as it considers whether it has a longer term duty to rehouse you.
The Council will need to assess whether or not you are eligible for assistance. They need to consider whether there is any immigration issue.
British Citizens and those with settled immigration status in the UK are usually eligible for assistance.
The council will need to establish how you have become homeless and whether or not you have to leave your current home.
If you are renting privately, they will need to be certain you are not being illegally evicted. If they consider that you have done or failed to do anything which has resulted in you being evicted (such as failing to pay your rent), then you may be at risk of being found "intentionally homeless".
If you think you stand a good chance of being found "unintentionally homeless", you should not move out of your current accommodation until you have found somewhere else to move into or you are evicted, otherwise the council may say it does not have to help you.
The council also need to assess whether you have a local connection with the area – which you will do as long as:
The law on when the council has a duty to provide accommodation is complicated and the process is not straightforward.
The longer term duty is owed to those who pass all the above tests, ie, they are eligible, homeless, have a priority need and are not intentionally homeless. If the full duty is owed, the Council will be legally obliged to offer the applicant temporary accommodation until they find their own housing or are rehoused via the Council’s normal housing register.
If you are leaving your home because of domestic violence, you should be able to access help via the Women’s Aid Helpline. They may be able to refer you to a refuge or a local specialist domestic violence advice service. The 24 hour Domestic Violence helpline is 0808 2000 247.
Single parents who are at risk of becoming homeless within the next 28 days can get help from their Council to access private rented accommodation. This includes being loaned money for a deposit and rent in advance. If you rent privately, you will only get a fixed maximum amount based on the amount of rooms your household requires, which is known as local housing allowance.
Many private rented tenants have to make up any shortfall themselves or apply for a “discretionary housing payment” if they cannot afford it. However this is normally only paid in the shorter term. You could also consider applying for a crisis loan for the deposit on a property and a budgeting loan for rent in advance which is done via Jobcentre Plus. There may be a local Credit Union in your area which could lend you money for a deposit and rent in advance.
You should also join your local council’s normal Housing Register and find out about Housing Association Homes. Their websites will have advice on how to apply. You will be prioritised according to your circumstances. Most people are in the lower “bands”. Priority is given to those who are accepted as homeless, fleeing violence, having serious health issues or whose existing accommodation is severely overcrowded.
You can also apply for Housing Benefit to help pay the rent. Housing Benefit is paid at a flat rate, set by the Local Authority each month. It is not possible to get more than the flat rate, even if the rent is higher. This is paid in full for Council or Housing Association tenants. Bear in mind that if you get full housing benefit whilst you claim income support, you need to consider whether you will still be able to afford the rent if you begin work again.
We recommend you get some local personalised advice. Ring the National Shelter Helpline on 0808 800 4444. They will advise you over the phone and find an advice agency that can help you further in your local area.
藝人李思捷首個香港個人棟篤音樂會前晚舉行，李思捷演唱多首天王金曲，同場更以棟篤笑講盡娛樂圈趣事，向觀眾發放笑彈。唱功了得的李思捷，開場以勁歌熱舞，獻唱《無忌》、《狂野之城》等為音樂會打響頭炮。一輪動感十足的表演後，李思捷繼續以假亂真的聲線模仿校長、四大天王的唱腔，大唱多首耳熟能詳的金曲，包括《十七歲》、《一生中最愛》等。
As you had been searching Porch.com something regarding your browser created us Feel you had been a bot. There are some causes this might materialize:
We provide a big range of providers to incorporate forestry mulching, land clearing, vegetation management and invasive species Command and excavating providers.
The really experienced technicians on our workers specialize in household land clearing. For those who’re preparing To place an addition onto your existing house, we’re the team you could have faith in. We are qualified in roof clearance and preventative upkeep for houses.
The entire process of forestry mulching is more effective and environmentally friendly than every other way. Not like common land clearing, one particular compact significant horsepower forestry mulching device replaces several ways and leaves you with an outstanding conclusion merchandise that is definitely wholesome with the ecosystem.
Sandra R. in richmond, VA "Excellent company, arrange appointment to servey the positioning and presented s estimate within two or three times after which went straight to operate once ...there builders were done with their Section of the undertaking. Suggested an extra drain technique be put in place now rather than afterwards when h2o injury might be due to drinking water runoff from roof and ground slope would bring about the front lawn usually remaining flooded.
This services is cost-free and is also for US phone calls or text messages only. Normal provider premiums are used according to users' wireless prepare.
A forestry mulcher is a chunk of kit that could attain exactly the same success of land clearing contractors, but without the have to Full report use substantial, Do you join major tools tearing up your property.
Feel free to Get in touch with us right now For more info regarding how to clean up-up your home and recuperate use outside of it!
Remark: Excavation of the wall of the underground basement for the objective of setting up an exterior entrance.
First, the layer of Learn the facts mulch functions being an erosion Regulate safeguarding that critical major layer of soil from washing absent. Mulch is regarded by the EPA being a method of erosion Manage. The 2nd is that the mulch will decompose over time slowly releasing nitrogen back again in to the soil which trees have to have to outlive. Decomposing mulch will give trees the right number of nitrogen to prosper.
Virginia’s Methods Recycled land clearing and grubbing division does everything from compact whole lot clearing to massive industrial and interstate jobs while in the Richmond, VA area. Considering owning us clear a jobsite for you? Get in touch with us with the location and measurement of The task for an estimate.
It doesn't matter in which you are from Richmond VA to Fauquier County VA, Uniquecrete VA will assessment the task, offer a value for that operate and may remove dense vegetation from a assets or shred it into a pleasant healthful mulch to beautify and landscape your house.
We could tackle any clearing occupation with our fleet of excavators, track loaders, off-highway vans, and grinders. Our forestry tiller then grinds stumps or other residual waste from your clearing method and incorporates the fabric back again in to the land.
Do not belief just any organization to try and do your land clearing. There are plenty of All articles land clearing contractors in Lynchburg, Virginia, but if you want fantastic assistance from a reliable land clearing company you need to go along with us. Just fill out our Get hold of Learn more variety to get started. Our Solutions
Give me a few days to make a comparison but will mention... they are very similar. With very different prices ($40 ARS the balm from Extreme against
T-fal E760SC64 This cookware solves the problems of cooking with stainless steel. Performa stainless steel fry pans and sauté pans feature the Techno Release raised pattern on the pan's interior for easier release of food and easier cleanup. Minimal effort should restore pans to their original beauty. All Performa cookware is constructed of premium quality 18/10 stainless steel and is compatible with all cooktops, including induction. The riveted stainless steel handles provide an ergonomic and secure grip. Vented glass lids make it convenient to monitor the cooking process. Preparing delicious meals with stainless steel has never been easier. Features: -Set includes: 1 Sauce pan, 1 skillet, 1 frypan, 3 lids, 4 measuring spoons and 2 pots.-Number of Items Included: 12.-Color:... Less
Color: Red T-fal TFL1291 The Signature Total Non-Stick 12 Piece Cookware Set in Red features the unique Thermo-Spot heat indicator that shows when your pan is perfectly preheated to seal in the flavor of your food. The expert non-stick interior is exceptionally durable and scratch resistant and is safe for use with metal utensils. The even heat base delivers even heat distribution for reliable cooking results. Dishwasher safe, the non-stick exterior provides fast and easy cleanup. Features: -Enameled.-Solid construction.-Glas s lid material.-Set contains 6 pieces of cookware, 3 lids, and 3 tools.-Induction stove-top compatible: No.-Cookware set can be used on a radiant glass cook top.-Bottoms are not completely flat as they are a little concaved.-Even heat base.-Venting tempered glass... Less
T-fal TFL1291 The Signature Total Non-Stick 12 Piece Cookware Set in Red features the unique Thermo-Spot heat indicator that shows when your pan is perfectly preheated to seal in the flavor of your food. The expert non-stick interior is exceptionally durable and scratch resistant and is safe for use with metal utensils. The even heat base delivers even heat distribution for reliable cooking results. Dishwasher safe, the non-stick exterior provides fast and easy cleanup. Features: -Enameled.-Solid construction.-Glas s lid material.-Set contains 6 pieces of cookware, 3 lids, and 3 tools.-Induction stove-top compatible: No.-Cookware set can be used on a radiant glass cook top.-Bottoms are not completely flat as they are a little concaved.-Even heat base.-Venting tempered glass lids and... Less
T-fal B1SC64 This Color Luxe combines great style and superior performance features. This beautiful cookware is available in a few rich, jewel tones with color matched handles. The riveted, soft-touch handles are ergonomically designed for comfort and safety. The hard titanium non-stick is reinforced with titanium particles for the ultimate durability and longest lasting performance. Proper preheating to seal in food's flavor is a breeze with this patented thermo-spot, which clearly indicates when the pan has reached the optimal temperature to begin cooking. The Color Luxe base features a special diamond design and provides even heating for reliable cooking results. Features: -Vented glass lids: Yes.-Lids of pots cannot be used for frying pans.-Number of Items Included: 12.-Color:... Less
Color: Black T-fal TFL1291 The Signature Total Non-Stick 12 Piece Cookware Set in Red features the unique Thermo-Spot heat indicator that shows when your pan is perfectly preheated to seal in the flavor of your food. The expert non-stick interior is exceptionally durable and scratch resistant and is safe for use with metal utensils. The even heat base delivers even heat distribution for reliable cooking results. Dishwasher safe, the non-stick exterior provides fast and easy cleanup. Features: -Enameled.-Solid construction.-Glas s lid material.-Set contains 6 pieces of cookware, 3 lids, and 3 tools.-Induction stove-top compatible: No.-Cookware set can be used on a radiant glass cook top.-Bottoms are not completely flat as they are a little concaved.-Even heat base.-Venting tempered glass... Less
Cookware Sets On Sale 12 Pc Best Rated Nonstick Kitchenware Pots And Pans T Fal Fast Shipping Great Customer Support Satisfaction Guaranteed DE SCRIPTION Coo kware Sets On Sale The T-fal Ultimate Hard Anodized 12-Piece Cookware Set includes a 2 saut pan, 1qt, 2qt, and 3qt covered saucepans, 5 quart covered Dutch oven, and 2 tools. This 12-piece cookware set has a Techno Resist base that makes it strong and tough. Made from hard-anodized aluminum, this cookware set is strong and sturdy. The hard exterior coating of this set makes it durable and dishwasher safe. This Ultimate Hard Anodized 12-Piece Cookware Set by T-fal is stove safe. The 2 saute pan, 1qt, 2qt, and 3qt covered saucepans, and 5 quart covered Dutch oven feature venting tempered glass lids and riveted... Less
T-fal E759SE64 This PerformaPro cookware solves the problems of cooking with this cookware set. All handles are riveted and long handles are also silicone wrapped. PerformaPro cookware is also dishwasher safe and oven safe. Preparing delicious meals with this cookware set has never been easier. Features: -18/10 Stainless steel induction compatible base.-Vented glass lids to easily monitor food while cooking.-Dishwashe r safe; pot is oven safe to 400F.-Number of Items Included: 14.-Pieces Included: 2 Fry pans, 2 covered saucepan, 2 covered deep saute, 1 covered Dutch oven, 4 measuring spoons and 4 lids.-Color: Silver.-Material: Stainless steel -Core Material: Other..-Stove Type Compatibility: Induction.-Oven Safe: Yes.-Maximum Temperature: 500.-Dishwasher Safe: Yes.-Lids Included: Yes... Less
Color: Saphire T-fal B1SC64 This Color Luxe combines great style and superior performance features. This beautiful cookware is available in a few rich, jewel tones with color matched handles. The riveted, soft-touch handles are ergonomically designed for comfort and safety. The hard titanium non-stick is reinforced with titanium particles for the ultimate durability and longest lasting performance. Proper preheating to seal in food's flavor is a breeze with this patented thermo-spot, which clearly indicates when the pan has reached the optimal temperature to begin cooking. The Color Luxe base features a special diamond design and provides even heating for reliable cooking results. Features: -Vented glass lids: Yes.-Lids of pots cannot be used for frying pans.-Number of Items Included:... Less
Free Shipping Fast Shipping 30 day Moneyback Guarantee Cookware Set Nonstick 14 Piece Red Indicator Dishwasher Safe Unique heat indicator shows when the pan is perfectly pre-heated and ready to cook with Superior non-stick interior for healthier cooking and long lasting performance Exceptionally durable dishwasher safe cookware for easy clean up Ergonomic comfortable grip. Oven safe up to 350.F/177.C Even heat base delivers even heat distribution for reliable cooking results The unique T-Fal thermo-spot heat indicator (fry pans only) shows when T-Fal pans are perfectly preheated to seal in the flavor of your food. The even heat base allows for even heat distribution for reliable cooking results. The T-Fal excite cookware has a non-stick interior that is scratch resistant making cooking... Less
T-fal 032406059429 T-fal's Performa X cookware solves the problems of cooking with stainless steel! The Performa X Stainless Steel fry pans and sauté pans feature the Techno Release interior for easier release of food and easier cleanup. Minimal effort should restore pans to their original beauty. All Performa X pots and pans are constructed of premium quality 18/10 stainless steel. The stainless steel bases are compatible with all cooktops, including induction. The Performa X riveted cast stainless steel handle provides an ergonomic and secure grip. Performa X Stainless Steel cookware is also dishwasher safe and oven safe. Preparing delicious meals with stainless steel has never been easier. Performa X cookware is covered by a Lifetime Limited Warranty. Features: -Set includes 2 fry... Less
Color: Ruby T-fal B1SC64 This Color Luxe combines great style and superior performance features. This beautiful cookware is available in a few rich, jewel tones with color matched handles. The riveted, soft-touch handles are ergonomically designed for comfort and safety. The hard titanium non-stick is reinforced with titanium particles for the ultimate durability and longest lasting performance. Proper preheating to seal in food's flavor is a breeze with this patented thermo-spot, which clearly indicates when the pan has reached the optimal temperature to begin cooking. The Color Luxe base features a special diamond design and provides even heating for reliable cooking results. Features: -Vented glass lids: Yes.-Lids of pots cannot be used for frying pans.-Number of Items Included:... Less
Turn on the stovetop. This 10-piece set comes with everything you need to get things cooking in the kitchen. Safe to use with metal utensils, the nonstick interiors are easy to clean. Plus, the unique Thermo-Spot heat indicators show when your pan is perfectly preheated to seal in the flavor of your food. From T-Fal.
T-fal C530SC Signature Nonstick Expert Thermo-Spot Heat Indicator Dishwasher Safe Cookware Set, 12-Piece, Black C reated with the home chef in mind, T-fal Signature nonstick cookware provides an array of user-friendly features. Its innovative T-fal Thermo-Spot heat indicator makes it easy to properly pre-heat pans, which helps seal in the flavor of food, whether sautéing or searing. When the pattern in the center turns to a solid red spot, the pan is hot and ready to cook. The cookware’s heavy-gauge aluminum construction heats quickly and offers long-lasting strength, while its even-heat base distributes heat throughout for reliable cooking results. Use the cookware on any cook top, except for induction. Recyclable and PFOA-, Lead-, and Cadmium-free, the cookware’s durable... Less
I called IC Systems today after I noticed a new report they made on my account and that my Credit Score dropped unexpectedly 42 points! They said...
Hello everyone, this is webcam sex milf sk8terchick21 here. I'm 21 year old Female speak English in the mature live sex chat action. Cute girl with a wild side. A sexy body that will drive you wild and I love to show off.. I am a skater chick, writer and full time university student. I love sports and being active, I play soccer, hike, run, bike, swim, etc.. I am new at this, so I am unsure if I have any talents but I am looking forward to finding out is my expertise and also what I will do in private mature live sex show. I have Green eyes, Short Brown hairs and my measurements are -23-25. For Turn ons: Knowing how easily I can turn someone else on, girl on girl, biting, spanking, talking dirty. For TurnsOff: Too much talking during sex, unless you are really good at talking dirty. If you prefer kinks, then Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my milf sex chat room! :)
Assess Themistocles’ role in the Greek defeat of the Persians in 480-479 BC. Themistocles stands paramount above the rest of the Greek figures as the Athenian general, whose abilities as a tactician and strategist thwarted the Persian invasion force into mainland Greece. Described by ancient writer Thucydides as ‘an unmistakable natural genius… and deserves our admiration’, Themistocles was the most influential leader of the Athenian war effort against the Persians.
He realised that the Persian threat was imminent, even after the battle at Marathon and it was his radical advancement of Athenian naval power which allowed the Greeks to defeat the Persians in the battles in 480-479 BC. Themistocles was one of the few who realized the threat of future invasions from the eastern power of Persia. While the first invasion had been repelled by the Greek hoplite forces, the Persians were still very much an active threat.
Themistocles plan to defend the Greek mainland lay in the naval power which is why he strongly urged that the silver deposit discovered in the Laurium mines be used to strengthen and build the naval power of the city of Athens. Others opposed him, deciding it was best if the surplus silver be divided among the citizens but Themistocles persevered and persuaded that the Delphic Oracle’s advice of a ‘wooden wall’ was referring to the ships.
One hundred triremes were built as a result (Herodotus says 200) and proved to be a vital decision in the upcoming battles, especially in the battle of Artemisium and Salamis which were primarily focused on naval attacks. During the time leading up to the battle of Thermopylae and Artemisium in 480 BC, it was Themistocles’ idea to relocate to Thermopylae instead of the Vale of Tempe, Thessaly as their northern line of defence. Herodotus reasoned that the discovery of alternative passes allowed the Persians access to the mountains and would therefore need to be contained in confined areas.
The Greek strategy devised by Themistocles took into consideration the advantage of narrow passes and straits, hence the decision of relocating to Thermopylae and Artemisium. It placed a greater disadvantage for the larger Persian army; disruption of supply lines and minimised cavalry strength. The commander at Thermopylae, Leonidas, a Spartan commander led a small force of 300 Spartans and 7000 local Greeks to defend the pass, and it was due to Themistocles’ timely idea and Spartan skill that allowed the Greeks time to evacuate the city.
In the vicinity close to Thermopylae, a naval attack occurred simultaneously to Thermopylae in a narrow strait known as Artemisium. Eurybiades of Sparta assembled the ships as a support to the land attack and to keep the Persian fleet occupied, preventing further Persian advancement into the straits and central Greek. Themistocles, once again with Eurybiades was responsible for the decision of the locality, due to the covered entrance to the channel between Euboea and mainland Greece, it gave the Greek fleet a sheltered line of retreat and open communication.
The narrow strait restricted the larger Persian navy and allowed the Greeks to prevent contact between the Persian forces of Thermopylae. According to the Troezan Inscription, Athens was being evacuated at the time and it was critical that the Persians were delayed as long as possible. The battle at Artemisium effectively reduced the Persian fleet by half which would affect the next battle at Salamis. Without the vital contribution of Themistocles, the city of Athens would not have been able to evacuate and the Persians would have been free to conquer Attica, thus the role of Themistocles proved to be invaluable to the protection of Greece.
Themistocles’ role cannot be overlooked in the battle of Salamis, as his decision for remaining in Salamis resulted in the turning point for the Greeks against the war with Persia. According to Herodotus, there were a series of war councils in the decision of keeping the navy at Salamis or withdrawing to the army fortified at Salamis. The Peloponnesians opposed Themistocles, as they preferred defending the coastline closer to the Isthmus but he was able to convince Eurybiades and the other commanders that the ideal position was Salamis, reinforced by T. Buckley who says, ‘Themistocles was the architect of the defeat of the Persians: by choosing the scene of the battle …’ The proposed reason put forward by Themistocles, was that fighting in the narrows would favour the smaller and heavier Greek fleet as opposed to the Isthmus of open sea, which favoured the Persians superior numbers. The narrow waters gave the Greek a tactical advantage, as the Persian ships were slow and heavy compared to the fast and manoeuvrable Greek triremes effectively rendering them useless against the manoeuvre-and-ram tactic of the Greeks.
The decision of Themistocles contributed to the victory at Salamis and effectively stopped the army advancing to the Isthmus. Despite Themistocles’ genius, his methods were not as honourable as his character would suggest. He threatened Eurybiades as said by Plutarch ‘… our 200 triremes … if you want to be saved by them, but if you go and betray us again, the Greeks would soon hear that the Athenians have acquired a city. ’ If Eurybiades did not consent to fight at Salamis, the Athenians would leave Greece for good and settle in Italy.
It was a fundamental decision of Themistocles to remain stationed at Salamis, pivotal to the victory and results achieved. To lure the Persian fleet to Salamis, Themistocles devised a cunning plan to send a messenger, bearing false information of disparity among the council and of his defection to the King of Persia, Xerxes. According to Plutarch, the message said, ‘The Greeks are trying to slip away; he urges the king not to let them escape but to attack …’ Themistocles exploited Xerxes’ weakness of hubris and the gluttony of Eurybiades to position the fleet at the most advantageous.
His plan was successful and contributed to the significant victory at Salamis. Other smaller contributions made by Themistocles was that he realised the threat the ostracised Greeks placed on the safety of Greece as they were notorious for going rogue and siding with the enemy. Hippias and Demaratus previously joined the Persians in the hope of restoring their power against the people who were responsible for their fate. According to the Troezan inscription, the exiles were recalled and ordered to Salamis to await verdict on their future.
Themistocles’ decision allowed the significant role of Aristides, an important member during the Delian League and Athens’ transition to an empire. Similarly, was Themistocles’ judgment to evacuate Athens, with the battles of Thermopylae and Artemisium implemented to prevent Persian advancement to allow time. The inscription found in the Troezan, tells of the proposed ploy to evacuate the city of Athens. Even though his decision resulted in the death of Leonidas and his 300 Spartans, the destruction of a significant number of Greek triremes and the capture of central Greece, the people of Athens were saved.
Ultimately, the defeat of Persia can be attributed to many different factors but Themistocles’ role was most prominent of all the Greek individuals in ancient society. His leadership, tactics and strategies during the inter-war period and the numerous battles during 480-479 BC, was essential to Greek victory. His efforts to outwit and outthink the Persians are commendable and without a doubt, Themistocles had a significant role in the defeat of the Persian army.
Some say Themistocles was the most successful general in ancient and some say he was just another one of those successful public figures. All in all he had many, many successful events in his life. Now you might be wondering who this Themistocles really is? Well let’s start with his background.
Themistocles was a man like any other man in ancient Greece, power hungry, strong, and a lover of life. Themistocles was a powerful general and politician who fought in the battles of Marathon, Thermopylae, and Salamis. Themistocles showed true leadership during his lifetime. He was from Ancient Athens, Greece, and lived from “524 BC to 459 BC” . He was born in Athens, Greece and finally ended up dying in Persia, the country that he defeated years earlier. Interestingly enough he only ended up in Persia because he was ostracized by his own people. But before I give too much away, let’s start at the very beginning.
Once there was a man named Themistocles. “Over the years he became very popular in the political field. He was one of the first to be in the new Athenian Democracy founded by Clisthenes”. “He was mostly influenced to politics by his father, Neocles, and in 493 Themistocles was elected Archon in Athens.” “Themistocles came from a rich family but even though they were rich, he didn’t really have mother, Neocles married a concubine that supposedly wasn’t even from Athens. Her name was Abrotonon. ” But later he became a general in the Athenian army. Themistocles was most popular for his strategy, and ability to form a good plan when needed. The first battle that Themistocles fought in was the battle of Marathon one of the three battle of the Persian wars. In that war there was a man by the name of Pheidippides who ran all the way from Persia to Athens which measures 26.2 miles. This was the first marathon ever ran in history. And too top it off some say that Pheidippides ran all the way back to Athens when he heard the news that Persia had won. Unfortunately he finally died at the end of his marathons. There is nothing much more to say about the battle of marathon accept for that “Themistocles was supposedly one out of ten generals in the Athenian army.”
After the war Themistocles was troubled because he knew that the Persians would come back and fight but they needed a better defense in their army. Then a normal day in Athens some Athenian quarry workers found a heap load of silver. They didn’t know what to do with it. They thought of improving the town and all those little things that a city might need. But Themistocles with his great power to persuade, convinced the Athenians to build a navy so that they could defend any attackers who might come to war with them. Their navy would be composed of mostly triremes. Now what is a trireme you might ask? It is a big boat that holds three rows of men on each side of the boat who row the boat. These were the fastest boats on the market because how many rows of men it...
1016 words - 4 pages The Battle of Salamis was the first great naval battle recorded in the history. There were a series of conflicts between the Greek world and the Persian Empire that started about 500 BC and continued until 448 BC. The Battle of Salamis was one of the conflicts between them that occured in 480 BC. The aim of the essay is to give information...
2163 words - 9 pages Between the years of 490B.C to 480B.C, a series of events occurred, mainly wars, which saw dramatic changes in Athens, and soon became the supreme military state of Greece. They achieved this status by outnumbering the power and resources of the Persian Empire, in a number of successful victories, and driving the Persians out of Ionia and other Greek states which had become medised over the wars. There were a number of factors which...
1534 words - 6 pages In The Histories of Polybius, Polybius suggests to the audience that it is absolutely necessary for a city to have a well-respected leader in power in order to make progress within the city. In asserting this idea, Polybius specifically refers to the city of Athens. His defense consists of a well fitting metaphor comparing Athens to “a ship without a commander” in which “fear . . . or danger . . . induces the mariners to be sensible and attend to...
989 words - 4 pages The Greek victory against Persia was largely due to efforts of mainly Athens but also Sparta as well. Athens was responsible for the major turning points of the Persian invasions, while Sparta was responsible for the deciding battle. Miltiades, with his skilful battle strategies, defeated the Persians during their second invasion at Marathon, which gave Athens a confidence boost on their military. During the third invasion, when the Athenians...
2219 words - 9 pages Nature of Athenian ImperialismChanging Relations with AlliesLars HoogvlietAfter the conclusion of the Persian Wars (492-479BC) with Athens being the true victor, and before the Peloponnesian War, a period of prosperity covered Athens, and they needed to devise new ways to protect themselves and expand their wealth, and how this would affect their relations with allies.'The Athenians and their Allies' was an...
2004 words - 8 pages ANCIENT HISTORY ASSESSMENT TASK - Ben PilgrimSalamis or PlataeaThe Ionian revolt provoked the Greeks and the Persians to start what is known as the Persian Wars. With the large pockets of Ionians living in Persia getting more and more discontent, a revolt was imminent. The first thing the revolting Ionians set out to do was to rid the...
859 words - 3 pages Despite their defeat by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC, the Persians were not finished with their determination to conquer mainland Greece. For the Persians, Marathon barely registered; the Persians after all controlled almost the entire world: Asia Minor, Lydia, Judah, Mesopotamia, and Egypt.The loss at Marathon was no more than...
2137 words - 9 pages "The Athenian Empire grew because no one really wanted to stop it."The Athenian Empire became the dominant power in Greece and the Aegean between 478 and 445 BC because the states who could have defeated her saw more reason to ally themselves with Athens than to oppose her. This period of Athenian supremacy was between the Persian War and...
1576 words - 6 pages Why the Greeks Won the Greco-Persian War There are times in history that something will happen and it will defy all logic. It was one of those times when a few Greek city/states joined together and defeated the invasion force of the massive Persian Empire. The Greeks were able to win the Greco-Persian War because of their naval victories over the Persians, a few key strategic victories on land, as well as the cause for which they were...
1817 words - 7 pages For over 20 years, at Athens' height, the city was dominated by the aloof, 'Olympian' figure of Pericles. A magnificent orator with a reputation for scrupulous honesty,A keen patron of learning and the arts, he masterminded the construction of the Parthenon. However, in glorifying Athens, he set it upon a collision course with Sparta that would ultimately lead to its ruinPericles was born around 493 BC into a rich aristocratic...
1839 words - 7 pages The 300 Spartans is a 1962 Cinemascope film depicting the Battle of Thermopylae between the Greek Spartans, and the Persian invading army led by King Xerxes which took place around 480 B.C.E.The film, The 300 Spartans depicts the Greek Spartans as...
black dining bench black dining bench home design ideas and pictures inside decorations black dining table with bench and chairs.
black dining bench with backrest canada reclaimed wood ink west elm set seating,black dining bench seat online furniture home and with backrest set back,wood black farmhouse dining benches kitchen room bench ikea table with back walmart,kitchen dining benches love black table bench with back 60 inches ikea,black dining bench ikea in and rubbed antique bk table with back set,dining set bench seating black table with and chairs backrest shop furniture of leatherette inch,black dining bench set and chairs modern quilted seat backrest family room,black dining bench set 60 inches table and benches categories,black dining bench with back leather seat new 5 foot wide solid wood in finish,black dining room bench seat with back shop honey nut solid knotty set.
RenalMed is a website that attempts to explain many aspects of renal medicine and renal disease. It contains practical information and help for nephrologists, non-renal physicians, and renal nurses and technicians
We focus on all aspects of renal medicine, including acute kidney injury (AKI), chronic kidney disease (CKD), dialysis and renal transplantation. We welcome your feedback and questions and will endeavour to update and add to our online resources as required. We hope the content is useful for you and ultimately benefits your patients
This website is not a substitute for a detailed clinical assessment, involving history, examination and investigation. Your patient may be different from the cases described within. If in doubt, ask!
We are pleased to be able to highlight the upcpoming Renal Medicine Symposium hosted by the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh on Thursday 27 April 2017
Our congratulations to the organizers of this event, for what is a truly outstanding programme. On-line booking and full programme viewing is now available on the College website: http://events.rcpe.ac.uk/events/480/renal-medicine
In an effort to reach every segment of the market, Dodge even reached a hand across the Pacific to its partner, Mitsubishi Motors , and marketed their subcompact as the Colt to compete with the AMC Gremlin , Chevrolet Vega , and Ford Pinto Chrysler would over the years come to rely heavily on their relationship with Mitsubishi.
Revealed in Detroit earlier this week, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles's fresh-faced, next-generation 2019 Ram 1500 pickup promises a boatload of new technology, increased capabilities, an optional mild hybrid system—and if a new report is to be believed, maybe some good old fashioned Hellcat power to boot.
However, throughout the 1920s Dodge gradually lost its ranking as the third best-selling automobile manufacturer, slipping down to seventh in the U.S. market. By 2020, almost 90 percent of Ford's North American portfolio will be pickups or sport utility and commercial vehicles.
Perfumania said at the time that it planned to recapitalize, trimming its store count to "better align with current consumer shopping patterns," "increase investments in its e-commerce business," and to emerge as a private company. Here at Island Chrysler Dodge Jeep RAM we offer a large selection of new 2017-2018 Chrysler Dodge Jeep RAM models.
It also claims the first cars with a fully automatic transmission, the Hydra-Matic, which debuted in 1940 models. During a call with analysts and reporters to discuss FCA's strong first-quarter earnings Marchionne was asked if his strategy might even include the idea of selling off the company's crown jewels, the Jeep and Ram brands.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCA), world's seventh-largest automaker, might make it through the year intact as an independent entity. We weird guy dancing offer a wide selection of vehicles trucks, cars and SUVs and hope to make the car buying process as quick and hassle free as possible.
A firm of business advisers accused of helping company directors hide cash and assets from creditors and the tax office has gone into liquidation, raising questions over whether the firm's activities will ever be properly investigated by government agencies.
Unfortunately, the Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep that has been harassing me via mail pleading with me to trade in my Dodge Caliber because they need it for their lot so bad is only offering me $3,000 for it. I'm not sure what I'm going to do but I know it needs some maintenance and I need to have it fully inspected to see if it's worth keeping.
The car currently has 106,000 miles on it. Because of bad credit from the time of purchasing the car, I had an 18% interest rate and currently still owe $6400 on the car. We carry the most complete selection of new Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram & Used TN Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram available vehicles.
Dodge designed and built the complete Model T drivetrain, and most of the rest of the car, too—at the end of their work for Ford in 1914, their 5,000 employees were building a quarter-million transmissions, rear ends, crankshafts and front axles. As a result of this, and the brothers' well-earned reputation for the highest quality truck, transmission and motor parts they made for other successful vehicles, Dodge Brothers cars were ranked at second place for U.S. sales as early as 1916.
I make good Money Hauling cars I run out L.A California to Dallas Tx I haul 7 cars at a time I get 4500 a pay load to Dallas Dallas to L A pays 3000 Been doing this for the last 4 YearsI run a 2001 Pete. Under Alfred P. Sloan's vision of creating a ladder of brands that would allow buyers to step up to increasingly luxurious GM cars as their wealth increased, Oldsmobile became GM's mid-market brand, said Casey.
CAD was a groundbreaking adjust from the engineering marketplace, where by draftsmen, designers and engineering roles begin to merge. It did not remove departments, just as much as it merged departments and empowered draftsman, designers and engineers. CAD is simply A different illustration of the pervasive outcome computer systems were starting to have on field. Latest computer-aided style computer packages vary from 2D vector-centered drafting units to 3D stable and floor modelers. Modern day CAD packages might also frequently allow rotations in 3 dimensions, allowing for viewing of a developed item from any wished-for angle, even from the inside on more info the lookout out. Some CAD package is able to dynamic mathematical modeling.
The paper duplicate drawings are a hundred% manually drafted into CAD to match the initial sheets. All CAD documents are drafted at complete-scale, dimensionally precise and a hundred% line connections with AIA layering or a layering process of the option.
Solar permit style and drafting – working with foremost residential solar installers inside the US on proposals and permit plan sets.
Conceptualize then create—Graphite is excellent for individuals who want to examine Preliminary design Strategies with 2D sketches then build 3D wire-body styles by themselves, without the assist or interference of the CAD operator “interpreting” their perform.
CAD is mainly used for in depth engineering of 3D models or 2nd drawings of Actual physical elements, but it is also utilized all over the engineering course of action from conceptual design and style and structure of items, by strength and dynamic Assessment of assemblies to definition of manufacturing ways of parts.
It is especially used by the builders and property organizations for his or her brochures which aid their buyers to comprehend the interior Cad Drafting Services structure and prepare in the creating. It also will help specific customers to determine his/her villa location properly.
Performing online as an Autocad professional is often a bit tricky devoid of suitable know-how but if you make investments some time on World-wide-web then you can positive get oneself good on the web get the job done chances. Autocad website is actually a crafting computer program which lets us to craft second or 3d constructions with the assistance of Laptop or computer. If you're self-confident that you will be an Autocad qualified then you can start your on the net action by joining engineering message boards very first.
It helps to grasp your project easily and results in being less complicated to the industry experts focusing on it to allocate the right methods in suitable manner.
(two opinions) Watch Profile A is upcoming technology structural FEA Resolution that employs new computational methods which evaluate CAD geometry straight without meshing.
They're best enhance to possess the entire picture of the living space. In the evening, the aesthetic appear in the constructing seems much more gorgeous when it really is illuminated with appropriate mild points click here implementation.
The operator approaches these in a similar vogue to the second programs, although lots of 3D systems make it possible for using the wireframe model to produce the ultimate engineering drawing views.
Steel Structural Consultant is a leading CAD drafting/designing consultancy that empowers you with concrete, enthralling and precise plans with cost-effectiveness. Contact us for building long-lasting construction!
Six booklets, marked 'Appendix A' to 'Appendix F', dealing with Anglo-Irish financial relations, including copies of official correspondence with Joseph Brennan, 1903-1926.
Volume of printed official papers regarding the financing of the Irish Land Purchase Act of 1903, with associated newspaper cuttings and documents, 1903-1908.
School notes on Greek prose composition, British history, and other topics, by Joseph Brennan as a student of Clongowes Wood College, Co. Kildare, [circa 1899-1905].
Latin prose composition exercises by Joseph Brennan as a student of University College Dublin, with newspaper cuttings, 1905-1912.
Lectures notes on mathematics by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1907-1908.
Notes on the Greek and Latin prose and verse, by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, with translations from other scholars included as excerpts, [circa 1907].
Notes on mathematics, titled: 'Solutuions of Examples', by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, [circa 1907].
Notes on political science lectures by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, including newspaper cuttings on current affairs, 1908-1911.
Notes on Greek and Latin Classics by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, including printed copies of exam papers, 1908-1909.
Lecture notes on Latin and Greek Classics by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1908-1909.
Lecture notes on Latin and Greek by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1908.
Lecture notes on Latin and Greek Classics by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, titled: "Classical Notes I", 1908.
Lecture notes on Latin classics and philosophy by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1909-1910.
Lecture notes on Greek philosophy by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1909.
Notes on Irish history by Joseph Brennan, with newspaper cuttings on current Irish affairs, [undated].
Notes on Greek classics, and other topics, by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, [undated].
Notes on Greek and Roman history by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, [undated].
Notes on geometry by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, with newspaper cuttings, 1911.
Lecture notes on algebra and the theory of equations by Joseph Brennan as a student of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1908.
Private ledger of Joseph Brennan, Senior, mainly in regards to his milling business in Bandon, etc., 1913-1927.
Notes by Joseph Brennan for his prize winning essay on Carneades, the ancient Greek philosopher, at Christ's College, Cambridge, includes newspaper cuttings on Carneades, [circa 1914].
Typescript of 'Carneades', prize essay by Joseph Brennan at Christ's College, Cambridge, with manuscript additions, [circa 1914].
Abstracts of government acts in Ireland, mainly to do with finances, currency and banking, [circa 1926-1950].
Copy of the First Interim Report on the Banking Commission, 1926, with annotations by Joseph Brennan, 1926.
Account book regarding the Brennan family business in Bandon and Bantry, including family insurance policies, and other material, 1928-1946.
Folder of typescript memoranda regarding recruitment, conditions of employment, and other issues, in various Irish civil service departments, 1930-1935.
Collection of newspaper cuttings relating to non-European world events dealing with financal topics , 1936-1959.
Collection of newspaper cuttings relating to the finances of Commonwealth countries, with manuscript notes, 1933-1968.
Volume of miscellaneous notes by Joseph Brennan and associated newspaper cuttings, mostly regarding monetary and fiscal matters, 1932-1937.
Diary by Joseph Brennan on the Irish Free State delegation's trip to Ottawa for the Imperial Conference, titled: 'Canadian Diary 1932', 1932 July-August.
Memorandum by the Oireachtas regarding a conference between the British and Irish Free State representatives in London, 1932 October 14.
Collection of notes and newspaper cuttings, relating to salaries and conditions of service of civil servants and others, by Joseph Brennan, 1933-1935.
Incomplete diary by Joseph Brennan as a delegate to the World Economic Conference, including references to Éamon de Valera, 1933.
'Commission on Emigration and Other Population Problems, 1948-1954: Majority report / Minority reports by Most Rev. Dr. C. Lucey and Mr. James F. Meenan', 1955.
Four volumes of diaries and appointment books of Joseph Brennan, with some miscellaneous newspaper cuttings, 1963-1966.
Notes by Joseph Brennan on Greek and Latin classics as an undergraduate at Christ's College, Cambridge, 1908.
Letters relating to Joseph Brennan and family, including his grandchildren, also includes the death certificate for his 7-year old son, 1940-1943.
Letters from Joseph Brennan to his father, including his school report cards from Clongowes Wood College and University College Dublin scores, 1906-1907.
Letters to Joseph Brennan on personal matters from a number of different correspondents including William Redmond, [1908-1911].
Letters from Joseph Brennan to his father, Joseph Brennan Senior, on personal and family matters, 1910, 1925-1926.
Letters from Joseph Brennan to Joseph Brennan Senior, including comments on political and administrative matters, 1911-1914.
Letters to Joseph Brennan, with correspondents including Sir Matthew Nathan and the son of David Lloyd George, 1912-1915.
Letter from Richard B. Tivy to Joseph Brennan, congratulating him on his success in winning the Hare Prize, 1915 February.
Letter from W.L. Courtney, the editor of 'Chapman & Hall' publishers, to Joseph Brennan, asking him if he could edit his article to meet their word limit, 1915 March 12.
Letter from W.L. Courtney, editor of 'Chapman & Hall' publishers, to Joseph Brennan, regarding publication of his article despite the lack of public interest in any articles non-war related, 1915 November 8.
Notecard from the Sub-Treasurer of the Treasurer's Office to Joseph Brennan, acknowledging receipt of his letter, 1916 May 15.
Letter from Sir John Harley Scott to Sir Robert Chalmers, advising that conscription be imposed in Ireland, 1916 July 26.
Letter from Lord Bandon to Joseph Brennan, with a copy of a letter sent to Lord Bandon, 1917 January 27 / 29.
Letter from Charles O'Conor Don to Joseph Brennan, returning copies of a report and discussing its submission to the Under-Secretary [Sir Matthew Nathan], 1916 February 19.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, thanking him for his well wishes and discussing professional matters, 1916 March 11.
Letter from John Dillon to Sir Matthew Nathan, complaining about police activities and arrests around Ballaghaderreen, Co. Roscommon, 1916 April 14.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior to Joseph Brennan, regarding the purchase of a business premises in Dublin, 1916 April 23.
Letter from J. Harvey Hogan to G.P. Kurten, secretary to Sir Matthew Nathan, asking for a specimen of Irish banknotes as a curio, 1916 May 3.
Anonymous letter by a "Loyalist" to Sir Robert Chalmers, asking him to remove a post office clerk for being a Sinn Féin supporter, 1916 May 10.
Letter from Sir Basil Blackwood to "Lord Edward", requesting a copy of the telegram which Sir Matthew Nathan sent on 24 April calling for the arrest "of some of the leaders" [of the Rising], 1916 May 11.
Letter from Sir Robert Chalmers to [Ignatius O'Brien], stating there is no desire to modify a court's decision, 1916 May 12.
Letter from T.F. Duggan to Joseph Brennan, asking for his brother [Eamonn Duggan] to be released as his arrest was a mistake, 1916 May 13.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Robert Chalmers, forwarding a letter from Vaughan Nash, with Chalmer's reply to Brennan, 1916 May 12-13.
Letter from an unidentified sender to Joseph Brennan regarding enclosed documents [not extant], which he asks to be telegraphed over before they are shown to Sir Robert Chalmers, 1916 May 13.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to J. Harvey Hogan, advising that it is not possible to provide specimens of Irish banknotes, 1916 May 16.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, regarding papers which belong to the Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin, 1916 May 22.
Letter from Samuel Murray Power to Joseph Brennan, sending him some enclosed articles [not extant], 1916 May 25.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, requesting the file relating to the former prison sentence of Thomas Clarke, 1916 May 29.
Copy of a letter from Colonel [Edward Mandell] House to President Woodrow Wilson regarding the Wilson's campaign for reelection in the US, 1916 May 30.
Letter from an unidentified recipient to Joseph Brennan, granting his petition for four terms as he had previously been denied them due to official duties at Dublin Castle in connection with the war, 1916 May 31.
Copy of a letter from Herbert Samuel to Sir Robert Chalmers, agreeing that people injured in the Easter Rising should not be paid compensation except in certain cases, 1916 June 15.
Letter from Digby Hussey De Burgh to Sir Robert Chalmers, sending him a book [not extant] and drawing his attention to a chapter in it about farming in Ireland and the state of the country, 1916 June 17.
Letter from Father Henry Gill to Joseph Brennan, describing news reports of the War and how he hopes things in Ireland will settle down, 1916 July 22.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, requesting District Board papers and informing him of their location, 1916 October 26.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, thanking him and asking if Sir James O'Connor has been made attorney general, 1916 December 3.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Robert Chalmers, proposing himself as a candidate for the post of secretary, 1917 March 17.
Letter from Sir Matthew Nathan to Joseph Brennan, regarding a portrait of Thomas Tickell, given by a descendant of Tickell's who is now working for Nathan, 1917 July 13.
Letter from Joseph Brennan Senior to Joseph Brennan, regarding a flat Joseph Brennan had mentioned in an earlier letter, 1917 September 26.
Letter from Joseph Devlin to Joseph Brennan, with a telegram from John Dillon that Devlin asks to be copied, includes an invite list for the planned Irish Convention, 1917.
Extract of a letter from Archbishop Michael Logue of Armagh to Archbishop John J. Glennon of St. Louis, expressing his doubts about the upcoming Irish Convention as he believes the Ulster Unionists will not agree to a settlement, 1918 February 13.
Letter from Sir Thomas Molony to Joseph Brennan stating how glad he is to leave Dublin Castle, but is sorry to leave friends like Brennan, 1918 April 12.
Copy of a letter from Bernard MacGillian to Eoin MacNeill, urging him to accept the results of the Irish Convention if it means Irish self-government, even if it falls short of a Republic, 1918 February 27.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, discussing the state of his bottling business in Bandon, Co Cork, 1918 May 14.
Letter from "Nell" to Joseph Brennan, discussing family plans for when he visits on Saturday, 1918 May 14.
Letter from Marion Doolin to Joseph Brennan, wishing him happiness on his upcoming marriage, 1918 September 1.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan, accepting an invitation to Brennan's wedding and regretting that Brennan is leaving the country, 1918 June 15.
Letter from Richard B. Tivy to Joseph Brennan, offering his congratulations on the Brennan's engagement, 1918 June 24.
Letter from Sir Edward O'Farrell to Joseph Brennan, wishing him happiness [on his marriage], 1918 September 18.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan, announcing his return from England and complaining about the conditions of life in Manchester, 1919 March 8.
Letter from Sir Robert Chalmers to Joseph Brennan, regarding "Halley's" objections to interference from self-appointed dictators in Ireland, 1919 April 14.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan, describing his holiday on the Continent, and the death of S. Lloyd, the editor of 'The Statist', 1920 July 16.
Letter from an unidentified recipient to Joseph Brennan about a settlement between the various departments [in Dublin Castle] on allowances, 1920 July 19.
Letter from S. Lloyd, the editor of 'The Statist' magazine, to Joseph Brennan, asking if he would be interested in contributing articles on the Irish situation for pay, 1920 January 16.
Letter from Joseph Brennan Senior to Joseph Brennan, with an enclosed letter to Sir Hamar Greenwood about an incident where British soldiers caused damages to his household, 1921 February 25.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, regarding the Black and Tans, 1921 February 28.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, on the condition of Cork due to the ongoing War of Independence, 1921 March.
Manuscript transcripts of the Government's responses and justifications for the delivery restrictions imposed on James Brennan's company , 1921 March 9-11.
Letter from "Moll" to her brother, Joseph Brennan, describing the burning of the Courtmacsherry Hotel by the IRA to prevent it being used by the British Army, 1921 March 1.
Letter from "Moll" to her brother, Joseph Brennan, about the burning of the Courtmacsherry Hotel and expressing her doubts that it was done by the IRA, 1921 March 2.
Letter from Sir John Anderson to Joseph Brennan, referring to "Hailwood's Question" and advising him to allow Hailwood to help if he can, 1921 March 8.
Pamphlet from J. D. MacCarthy, addressed to the Prime Minister, David Lloyd George, relating his interrogation at gunpoint by Black and Tans, 1921 March 29.
Letter from John A. McArevey to the Register for the University of London, vouching for Joseph Brennan as a member of staff at Dublin Castle, 1921 May 30.
Letter from Richard McGonigal to Joseph Brennan regarding a committee that has been formed for an education grant, 1921 June.
Circular letter from the Women's National Health Association of Ireland regarding a sub-Committee that has been formed and the plans for a meeting, 1921 June 2.
Letter from Stanislaus Murphy to Joseph Brennan regarding the limits of what he can do as an official but suggesting that questions regarding the "endowments" should be referred to him due to his experience, 1921 June 17.
Letter from Rev. Dr. Gilmartin to Joseph Brennan regarding a request to receive the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, Lord FitzAlan of Derwent, and discusses the current situation in Ireland, 1921 September 16.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to A.P. Waterfield, discussing the cases of police officers killed in accidents and their dependants, 1921 September 27.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, about the violence of British soldiers and the Black and Tans, 1920 October 24.
Copy of a letter from A.P. Waterfield to Joseph Brennan, refusing to make exceptions in compensation for police officers killed in accidents and their dependants, 1921 September 27- October 11.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Alfred Cope, regarding the occasions where Sir Henry Hugh Tudor disagreed with official policy, 1921 November 9.
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, complaining about his cold, 1921 November 11.
Letter from H.A. Pelly to Michael Collins, requesting the Bank of Ireland hand over documents relating to operations by the Irregulars for inspection, 1922 August 21.
Letter [by H.A. Pelly to Michael Collins], reading: "Note re payments by firms such as Murphy + Co", [1922].
Letter from Joseph Brennan, Senior, to his son, Joseph Brennan, regarding the ill health of the Brennan children, 1922 February 22.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan, thanking him for his article for 'The Statist' magazine and discussing its content, 1922 March 1.
Cheque from Joseph Brennan to Thomas Thompson & Son, Ltd., Engineers & Contractors, Carlow, for £2.3.9, [192?] April 5.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan requesting clarification on a job offered in the new Department of Finance, 1922 October 27.
Letter from an unidentified recipient to Joseph Brennan regarding his inability to secure a job in the Free State Army and asking for assistance, 1922 August 25.
Letter from W.T. Cosgrave to Joseph Brennan, informing him of the visit of Richard Mulcahy as Commander-in-Chief, 1923 January 17.
Letter from the Ministry of Finance to Joseph Brennan, asking for direction in regards to compensation claims, 1923 March 27 / April 5.
Letter from Robert Langton Douglas to W.T. Cosgrave, requesting that any change to the constitution of the National Gallery of Ireland be thoroughly considered, 1923 May 3.
Letter from Kevin O'Higgins to Joseph Brennan, requesting information about the compensation claim by his mother relating to his father's murder [during the Civil War], 1923 June 14 / 16.
Letter from Thomas Bodkin to Joseph Brennan, requesting documents be returned, and complaining about Robert Langton Douglas's management of the National Gallery of Ireland, 1923 June 29.
Letter from Thomas Bodkin to Joseph Brennan, requesting the return of his documents and referring to recent developments on the board of the National Gallery of Ireland, 1923 July 3.
Letter from William Ormsby-Gore to W.T. Cosgrave, arguing that the Irish State should now be capable of paying its dues from the Wood-Renton Commission, 1923 July 31.
Letter from Sir James Daniel Connolly to Joseph Brennan, agreeing to provide information regarding finance and banking, 1923 August 31.
Letter from George Joseph Ball to Joseph Brennan regarding a compensation claim by Brennan for an attack on his father's house by British soldiers, 1923 August 4 / September 12.
Letter from W.T. Cosgrave to Joseph Brennan with two attached letters from Lionel Curtis and R.H. Brand in regards to the economy of the Irish Free State, 1923 October 12-18.
Letter on behalf of W.T. Cosgrave to Ernest Blythe and Joseph Brennan, requesting they read the attached correspondence [not extant] and for Brennan to reply, 1923 September 24.
Memo from Patrick Hogan to Joseph Brennan regarding W.T. Cosgrave and Ernest Blythe, 1923 November 5.
Letter from James Walsh to the Minister of Finance [Ernest Blythe], suggesting that Henry Ford be called upon to guarantee a car factory in Cork, with a covering letter to Joseph Brennan, 1923 November 15 / 20.
Letter from "Dan" [O'Donovan] to Joseph Brennan, saying that he does not think it likely that "Jim" [O'Donovan] will agree to anything due to previous agreements made with prisoners not being honoured, 1923 November 16.
Letter from James J. McElligott to Joseph Brennan regarding his resignation [as editor from 'The Statist' magazine], 1923 November 16.
Letter from the Ministry for Defence to Joseph Brennan, dismissing Dan O'Donovan's argument that his brother, James, cannot sign a declaration, 1923 November 24.
Letter from Mark Sturgis to Joseph Brennan regarding a list of names [of former RIC members], 1923 December 18.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Mark Sturgis, thanking him for agreeing to provide information on former RIC members, 1923 December 21.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Mark Sturgis, requesting that he send the first list of names of former RIC members, 1924 February 5.
Letter from Sir Geoffrey Granville Whiskard to Joseph Brennan, requesting a copy of Mark Sturgis' letter to Brennan as he can't find a copy of it, 1924 February 7.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Geoffrey Granville Whiskard regarding pensions of former RIC members, 1924 February 11.
Copy of a letter [from Joseph Brennan] to Sir Geoffrey Granville Whiskard, requesting RIC records relating to pensions, 1924 February.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to N.G. Loughnane, asking if he could raise the issue of former RIC members' records at the Colonial Office, 1924 April 1.
Transcript of a telegram from Joseph Brennan to N.G. Loughnane requesting a response to his letter regarding RIC records, 1924 April 3.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to James McNeill, requesting he talk to the UK Colonial Secretary regarding pensions for former RIC men, 1924 April 5.
Letter on behalf of James McNeill from his secretary, to Joseph Brennan, returning a file and stating that McNeill has taken no action, 1924 April 8.
Official papers and memoranda relating to Joseph Brennan as Secretary of the Department of Finance, 1923-1924.
Official correspondence to and from Joseph Brennan as Secretary of the Department of Finance, 1924-1927.
Letter from Sir Alfred Cope to Joseph Brennan, asking for his car back from "O'Reilly" as it is official, not personal, property, 1924 March 4.
Letter from G.A Schreiner to Joseph Brennan stating Brennan was absent when Schreiner called, [circa 1924].
Minutes of discussions on government unemployment policies, with questions by several authors, including Joseph Brennan, 1924 May 8.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to James J. McElligott with an attached note on the subject of Exchequer advances and asking him for his opinion, 1924 May 14.
Copy of a letter from W.J. Good to Joseph Brennan, asking if the gale-days for collection of Annuities have yet been fixed, 1924 May 17.
Letter from C.J. Flynn to Joseph Brennan, discussing his ideas for the role and status of the Office of the Revenue Commissioners, 1924 May 20.
Letter from Thomas Gorman to Joseph Brennan, enclosing two proposals by Eoin O'Duffy for the reorganisation of the Free State Army, 1924 May 10-June 2.
Letter sent on behalf of Thomas Gorman to Joseph Brennan, enclosing minutes of a meeting dealing with the backlog of expenses incurred by the Free State Army, 1924 June 6 / 10.
Correspondence between Ernest Blythe, C.J. Flynn and Joseph Brennan, discussing the status and role of the Office of the Revenue Commissioners, 1924 May 20-June 26.
Correspondence between C.M. Martin-Jones, Joseph Brennan and C.J. McGarry on the question of the flag for the Governor of Northern Ireland, 1924 September 24-October 7.
Correspondence between Eirni O'Frighil [Henry O'Friel] and Joseph Brennan over the issue of personal signatures on official documents, 1924 December 11-30.
Letter from the Ministry of Local Government to Joseph Brennan, regarding a dispute relating to the Labourers Cottages Funds and the Government of Northern Ireland, 1924 June 4.
Letter from P. J. Murray to Joseph Brennan, asking about the transfer of allocated funds for the Department of Agriculture, with Brennan's reply, 1924 November 4 - 1925 January 5.
'Guarantee Fund and Local Taxation Account', report discussing the credit of the Guarantee Fund, [1924?].
Letters, mainly to Joseph Brennan, regarding his resignation as Secretary of the Department of Finance, on his appointment as Chairman of the Currency Commission, and on personal and family matters, 1926-1928.
Letters to and from Joseph Brennan with associated notes and papers, relating mainly to personal and family affairs, 1927-1975.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, asking him to paint a portrait for use on the new note issues for the Irish Free State, 1927 December 30.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, agreeing to paint the portrait to be used on Irish bank notes, 1927 December 31.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, thanking him for his letter and saying that he hopes to make an appointment with him soon, 1928 January 2.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, stating that he is returning a book, 1928 January 10.
Telegram from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, stating that he sent the wrong book and asking for it to be returned, 1928 January 12.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, informing him about the change of printing venues for the new Irish bank notes, 1928 January 12.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, informing him that a book arrived, and advising him on the best way of posting his portrait, 1928 January 13.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, telling him that the portrait [for the new Irish bank note design] is not yet finished, 1928 January 18.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery regarding positive reviews of his portrait for Irish bank notes, 1928 January 16.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery regarding how Lavery's painting will look on the banknotes, 1928 January 19.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan regarding a photographic reproduction of Lavery's painting for Irish banknotes, 1928 January 29.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery regarding the watermark for the new Irish banknotes, 1928 February 1.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan regarding the sizing of his painting for Irish banknotes, 1928 February 2.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery regarding the design of the the £1 Irish banknote, 1928 February 6.
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan regarding her involvement in the design of Irish banknotes, 1928 March 3.
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan regarding her upcoming visit to Ireland, 1928 April 6.
Draft of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Lady Hazel Lavery regarding how the design of the new banknotes has been leaked to the press, 1928 April 30.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, expressing dissatisfaction with the design of the new banknotes and with the press for attributing the leaking of the design to his wife, Lady Hazel, 1928 May 25.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, thanking him for all the trouble and care he has taken in regards to the currency design, 1928 September 10.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, informing him that the £10 legal tender banknote will be issued on 3rd December, 1928 November 26.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery regarding the new £10 legal tender banknote, 1928 December 3.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, expressing satisfaction with the design of the new £10 legal tender banknote, 1928 December 8.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery, saying he now has copies of the new legal tender banknotes for £20, £50 and £100 to send to him, 1929 March 28.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan regarding how glad he would be to have the complete series of the new legal tender banknotes, 1929 April 11.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir John Lavery informing him that he is sending Lavery copies of the new legal tender notes for £20, £50 and £100, 1929 April 25.
Letter from Sir John Lavery to Joseph Brennan, informing him that the new legal tender notes for £20, £50 and £100 have arrived, 1929 April 26.
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan, apologising for not seeing him and and explaining that he has been away, 1929 August 31.
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan about how glad she is that the new £10 legal tender banknote is being issued on 3rd December, 1928 November 30.
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan about how delighed she is with the new £10 legal tender banknote and how pleased her husband, Sir John Lavery, is with it, [1928].
Letter from Lady Hazel Lavery to Joseph Brennan about how sorry she is that she will be unable to see him an criticism by the 'Catholic Herald' of Sir John Lavery, [1929].
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Henry Parker Willis regarding the design of Irish banknotes by Sir John Lavery, 1928 September 22.
Letter from Henry Parker Willis to Joseph Brennan, commenting on the currency notes that were sent to him and complimenting him on his progress, 1928 October 12.
Letter from Henry Parker Willis to Joseph Brennan, thanking him for the sample of the new £10 note, saying that the series looks to be very credible, 1929 January 28.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Henry Parker Willis, saying that he is sending him copies of the new legal tender banknotes for £20, £50 and £100, and discussing the work in progress, 1929 February 14.
Letter from Sir Ernest Harvey to Joseph Brennan, offering the assistance of the Bank of England in the printing of Irish legal tender bank notes, 1927 December 8.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Ernest Harvey, asking if the Bank of England could print the lrish legal tender bank notes until the Free State would be in the position to do so itself, 1927 December 21.
Letter from Sir Ernest Harvey to Joseph Brennan, repeating his earlier agreement for the Bank of Ireland to assist in printing Irish legal tender bank notes, 1927 December 22.
Letter from Sir Ernest Harvey to Joseph Brennan, passing on the message from the Note Factory that either of the two firms named by the latter would be able to print the lrish legal tender bank notes, 1927 December 23.
'Quotations for printing initial supply of Legal Tender Notes' [from Sir Ernest Harvey to Joseph Brennan], [1927].
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Sir Ernest Harvey, discussing the choice of firms for the printing of lrish legal tender bank notes, 1927 December 24.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to the Hotel Russell, requesting a letter from the Bank of England be forwarded to him, includes reply, 1927 December 24-27.
Letter from Dermod O'Brien to Joseph Brennan, thanking him for the specimens of the new Irish legal tender notes, 1928 September 27.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Dermod O'Brien, defending the Irish £10 against the British equivalent, 1928 October 2.
Copy of a letter from Joseph Brennan to Thomas Bodkin, enclosing specimens [not extant] of the new Irish Legal Tender Notes for £10, £20, £50 and £100, with letter of reply, 1929 February 21 / 22.
Official letters to Joseph Brennan regarding the Currency Commission and government funding, 1927 June-December.
Letters to Joseph Brennan regarding the Currency Commission and other topics, 1924, 1928 January-June.
Letters to Joseph Brennan and other regarding the Currency Commission, Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, business and financial matters, 1929, 1933.
Letters to Joseph Brennan and others regarding financial matters connected with the Currency Commission, 1931.
Official correspondence regarding the Currency Commission, including claims by the Civil Service Federation to have arbitration established as a principle in pay negotiations, 1931 January-May.
Letters to Joseph Brennan and others regarding the establishment of Circuit Court at Bandon, Co. Cork, the payment of RIC pensions by the Free State, and the history of Mallow Spa, 1932.
Letters to Joseph Brennan and others, soliciting employment in the Currency Commission and regarding financial matters, etc., 1934.
Letters to Joseph Brennan and others regarding a Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, and the Currency Commission, including some personal letters, 1935.
Correspondence between Harry Clarke Stained Glass Ltd, Rev. J. Canon Scannell and Joseph Brennan regarding a stained glass window, ordered for Bandon Catholic Church, 1941.
Correspondence, mainly to Joseph Brennan as Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, 1944 January-April.
Correspondence, mainly to Joseph Brennan on professional and personal matters, 1944 February, May-October.
Letters to Joseph Brennan as Governor of the Central Bank from various correspondents, 1950 January-July.
Letters to Joseph Brennan as Governor of the Central Bank from various correspondents, 1950 August-December.
Correspondence, mainly to Joseph Brennan, with some relating to his travels in Australia, New Zealand and the United States, 1951 January-April.
Letters to Joseph Brennan from various correspondents on personal and professional matters, 1950, 1952-1959.
Letters to Joseph Brennan from various correspondents on personal and professional matters, 1960-1975.
Two letters from Mother Mary Martin to Joseph Brennan, appealing for funds for Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital, Drogheda, 1951 October 23.
Correspondence, mainly between Joseph Brennan and Seán MacEntee, Minister of Finance, leading up to the resignation of the former, 1952 February-March.
Correspondence, mainly between Joseph Brennan and Seán MacEntee, Minister of Finance, leading up to the resignation of the former, 1952 May-November.
Correspondence, mainly between Joseph Brennan and Seán MacEntee, Minister of Finance, leading up to the resignation of the former, 1953 March.
Letters to Joseph Brennan on his retirement as Governor of the Central Bank, with associated newspaper cuttings, 1953 March-May.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan and John A. Costello in regards to controversial references by Costello to Brennan in 'The Irish Times', with associated notes, newspaper cuttings, etc., 1967-1968.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan and Alexis FitzGerald regarding abuses connected with the National Loan, with notes by Brennan, circa 1973.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan and Maurice Moynihan regarding Moynihan's history of the Currency Commission, 1971-1973.
Typescript and printed copy of Hare Prize essay by Joseph Brennan on Carneades, with associated correspondence and notes on Greek and Latin classics, circa 1910-1924.
Notes and essays by Joseph Brennan regarding English literature and Greek and Latin Classics, mainly written as a Cambridge undergraduate, circa 1910-1914.
Entries copied by Joseph Brennan from his personal diaries and other sources, covering mostly political events, 1914-1971.
Notes on Greek and Latin Classics, and a draft of an essay on Carneades, by Joseph Brennan, [circa 1915].
Diary, correspondence and associated postcards regarding Joseph Brennan Senior's visit to the Canary Islands, 1928 February-March.
Letters and papers of Joseph Brennan, regarding work on Crinken House, Shankill, Co. Dublin, 1930 May-December.
Letters and papers of Joseph Brennan regarding the insurance and extension of Crinken House, Shankill, Co. Dublin, 1931-1935.
Letters to Joseph Brennan relating to proposed alterations to Crinken House, Shankill, Co. Dublin, and their costs, with sketches of designs, 1930 April-August.
Correspondence and diaries relating to visits by members of the Brennan family to the United States, Palestine, Egypt and Casablanca, 1925-1939.
Printed papers and articles [by Joseph Brennan] on economic topics such as the Currency Commission and banking in Ireland, circa 1930-1939.
Notes by Joseph Brennan with associated material regarding the history of the Irish Privy Council, circa 1940.
Carbon typescript copies of lecture by Joseph Brennan to the civil service, 27 October 1942, with associated notes and rough drafts, 1942.
Last will and testament of Joseph Brennan, dated 25 February 1947; also three Codicils, dated 16 August, 16 December 1947, and 30 March 1948, 1947-1948.
Stock sheets and balance sheets, regarding grocery and spirit shops and a bakery (property of the Brennan family in Bandon?), circa 1883-1889.
Letters and other documents, mainly relating to Bandon Milling, Electric Lighting Co. Ltd. and the Electric Supply Board, circa 1920-1940.
Correspondence and telegrams, mainly regarding Brennan family investments in Miami, Florida, 1925-1928.
Correspondence and papers, mainly regarding affairs of Bandon Milling and Electric Lighting Co. Ltd., and patenting of grain winnower invented by John Murphy, 1927-1941.
Correspondence and papers regarding the invention by John Murphy of a machine for shelling oats, and its patenting, 1928-1931.
Letters, papers, and deeds regarding the patenting of a grain winnower invented by John Murphy, 1928-1930.
Documents relating to the patenting of an invention by John Murphy for the improvement of electrically-driven motors, 1929-1932.
Documents relating to the patenting of an invention by John Murphy for an electro-magnetic power transmission apparatus, 1930-1931.
Notes by Joseph Brennan, letter and miscellaneous material regarding the Brennan family businesses in West Cork including Bandon Milling and Electric Lighting Co. Ltd., Kilbrogan Holdings, etc., circa 1930-1970.
Letters, memoranda and miscellaneous material, mainly regarding the use of an oat sheller invented by John Murphy and about the Brennan family business in Bandon, 1933-1934.
Correspondence, memoranda, and deeds, mainly regarding the Brennan family milling business in Bandon, Co. Cork, 1935-1946.
Correspondence and accounts regarding the Brennan family business concerns and the sale of property in Dublin city, 1940-1950.
Correspondence, notes, and memoranda mainly regarding the Brennan family milling business in Bandon, Co. Cork, 1940-1944.
Correspondence, accounts, and memoranda, mainly regarding the Brennan family milling business, [circa 1940-1942].
Correspondence regarding the blocking of the fishery weir on the Bandon River by Bandon Milling and Electric Lighting Co., and the subsequent threatened litigation with Cork County Council, Bandon Board of Conservators, etc., 1941-1962.
Correspondence and memoranda, regarding Bandon Milling Co. Ltd., Bantry Textiles Ltd., and a proposed establishment of a bacon factory by Denny's Ltd. of Waterford, 1941-1946.
Minutes of meetings of directors of Oats (Ireland) Ltd., with associated correspondence, etc., 1942-1946.
Correspondence and memoranda mainly regarding the Brennan family milling and other business interests in Bandon, Bantry, etc., circa 1944-1948.
Miscellaneous letters and papers regarding the Brennan family business concerns, investments, etc., 1945-1950.
Letters and miscellaneous material, mainly regarding bakery workers' strike, pay and conditions, and the Brennan family bakery in Bandon, circa 1946-1948.
Annual accounts and balance sheets of Bandon Milling Co. Ltd., with associated correspondence, 1946 August-1948 August.
Typescripts and copies of minutes of meetings of Flake Oatmeal Millers' Association, with associated correspondence, etc., 1946-1947.
Letters and miscellaneous material regarding the Brennan family bakery in Bandon, including pay and conditions of bakery workers, etc., circa 1947-1960.
Bank accounts, income tax returns, overseas investments, etc., relating to the Bandon Milling Co. Ltd., 1958-1965.
Correspondence and other material regarding investments by Bandon Milling Co. Ltd., in Britain, circa 1958-1960.
Statements of accounts of Brennan family businesses in Courtmacsherry, Bandon and Kilbrogan, Co. Cork, 1962-1969.
Miscellaneous papers, mainly typescript, regarding the history of grants in aid to local Irish taxation, circa 1840-1910.
Official reports, memoranda, etc., regarding National education, teachers' salaries, pensions, etc., circa 1870-1922.
Official memoranda and associated correspondence regarding salaries and expenses of the constabulary, crown solicitors, chaplains of lunatic asylums, etc., circa 1870-1905.
Correspondence, memoranda, and circulars regarding the Royal Irish Constabulary, staffing of Quarter Sessions in Kilkenny, rates of remuneration for preparation of Jury Lists, etc., circa 1900-1920.
Official papers, correspondence, memoranda, etc., regarding administrative matters, including war-time rationing, land purchase, instructions regarding care of horses belonging to the Lord Lieutenant's household, etc., circa 1900-1920.
Miscellaneous material, including statistical tables, memoranda, etc., regarding the Congested Districts Board, circa 1900-1916.
Documents including official memorials and memoranda, regarding Irish land purchase, circa 1903-1915.
Miscellaneous material, mainly official printed papers regarding the Ireland Development Grant Act, 1903-1922.
Miscellaneous notes by Joseph Brennan and typescript copies of official memoranda regarding harbour works in Ireland, circa 1907-1919.
'Memorandum on Irish Affairs', focusing on Clan-na-Gael, the United Irish League, Ancient Order of Hibernians, etc., and their international connections, 1907 November 15.
Miscellaneous notes by Joseph Brennan, including some written by him as a Cambridge undergraduate, 1909-1915.
Miscellaneous material, mainly copies of official papers, memoranda, etc., regarding Land Purchases acts, circa 1910-1921.
Papers, including correspondence and memoranda, mainly from the office of the Chief Secretary, including a memo on the activities of Sinn Féin in Dingle, Co. Kerry, and the funeral arrangements of Leonard Wilde (killed in Bloody Sunday, 1920), circa 1910-1921.
Copies of official memoranda, etc., regarding Irish monetary and fiscal administration, including a draft memo by Joseph Brennan suggesting reforms in the Chief Secretary's Office, circa 1910-1920.
Material regarding state financing of sea fisheries, including the accounts of Sea Fisheries Association, 1911-1935.
Statement showing annual abatements to local authorities owing to the insufficiency of income from the Local Taxation (Ireland) Account, 1911-1915.
Papers and some associated official correspondence regarding Irish education, teachers' salaries, etc., circa 1912-1917.
Miscellaneous official papers of Sir Mathew Nathan, mainly regarding Irish administration and Government of Ireland Act, 1913-1915.
Miscellaneous official papers of Sir Mathew Nathan, mainly regarding how Irish administration would operate under Home Rule, 1913-1915.
Material including official papers and notes in Joseph Brennan's handwriting regarding local taxation in Ireland, 1913.
Two items: one titled 'Note on Theatened Disturbances at Limavady' about a possible sectarian riot in Co. Derry; the other a note by James Duignan on a speech by Thomas H. Moclair, exhorting people in Roundfort, Co. Mayo, to support the United Irish League, 1913 December 1 & 1915 March.
Two items: Official printed list of Crown Solicitors in Ireland with annotations (1919), and an official printed list of resident magistrates in Ireland (1914), 1914 February 1 & 1919 November 15.
Papers regarding British administration in Ireland, including 'Public Attitude and Opinion as to the Recent Outbreak' and 'State of Public Feeling in Ireland', and the confiscation of weapons, 1914-1916.
Official memoranda concerning the reduction in staff of certain government departments, and the proposed transfer of the Local Government Board's powers under the new Government of Ireland Act, 1914-1916.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan with William Martin Murphy, W.E. Wylie, Joseph Devlin, Joseph McGrath of the National College, Lady Aberdeen, John Dillon, and others, on Irish political matters, 1914-1916.
Miscellaneous material, mainly newspaper cuttings, official papers and correspondence relating to the Irish War Savings, circa 1914-1915.
Official papers regarding Irish Land Commission and Church Temporalities, including an anonymous essay titled 'British work in India', circa 1911-1915.
Memoranda on: (1) Publication of seditious newspapers in Ireland, (2) German intrigues among the Irish in America, (3) Irish organisations in America, 1914 December 10 - 1915 October 8.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan on subjects such as public-houses, the state of Dublin, the establishment of a Soldiers Welfare Council for Dublin, and the formation of a 'Special Constables' in the RIC, 1914-1916.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan on subjects such as recruitment in Ireland for the British Army, the state of Ireland during War, a proposed Hydro-Electric Syndicate for Ireland, etc., 1914-1915.
List of Catholic clergymen reported to the government for using anti-recruiting or seditious language, 1914.
'Memorandum of the steps taken by the Irish Government acting in conjunction with the Military Authorities in Ireland, to control the importation, sale, and manufacture of arms, ammunition, explosives, and war-like stores in Ireland', 1914 December 19.
Miscellaneous official papers including correspondence, memoranda, etc., regarding Irish administrative matters, 1915-1920.
Manuscript drafts and typescript copies of official correspondence, draft memorandum by Joseph Brennan and official papers regarding housing in Ireland, circa 1915-1916.
Official papers on the implementation of the Home Rule Act, mainly in regards to the administration of justice and land, 1915-1916.
Official correspondence, memoranda, etc., regarding payment of compensation to dependents of policemen killed in the 1916 Rising, Sinn Féin sympathisers in Belfast Post Office, recruitment to the British Army, etc., 1915-1916.
Official correspondence, memoranda, etc., involving administrative matters, including a request from Mary MacSwiney to Sir Matthew Nathan to see her brother, Terence MacSwiney, on hunger strike in prison, 1916.
Correspondence and papers, mainly regarding an attempt by F.R. Gill to have vocational education upgraded in the Intermediate Certificate course, 1915 November-1916 January.
Official memoranda and correspondence regarding the setting up of evening continuation classes and recreation clubs for working boys, and material on the Continuation Classes Central Committee, circa 1915.
Official memoranda regarding Ernest Blythe, Denis McCullough, Liam Mellows and Herbert Pim, and action proposed to be taken against them for their anti-recruitment activities, 1915.
Official papers regarding the Government of Ireland Act 1914 and proposed changes to the government in Ireland, including one letter from John Redmond and one letter from Louis Botha, circa 1915.
Official papers regarding the Government of Ireland Act 1914 and proposed changes to the government in Ireland, circa 1915.
Official correspondence and papers relating to the Government of Ireland Act 1914 and suggestions for implementing it, circa 1915.
Official papers, including correspondence, memoranda, etc. regarding Irish administrative matters, circa 1910-1921.
Official memoranda about the Irish Volunteers and the Irish Republican Brotherhood and their history, present strength, personnel, etc., for the Chief Secretary's Office, Dublin Castle, 1915 January-March.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan on Irish subjects such as the Belfast police, public attitudes in Co. Kerry towards Sinn Féin, the role of the new Irish parliament under Home Rule, and a strike in Drogheda, 1915 May-July.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan with Hanna Sheehy-Skeffington, Horace Plunkett, David Sheehy, and others, 1915 April-May.
Official telegrams regarding the sinking of the Lusitania, received in the Chief Secretary's Office, Dublin Castle, and associated communications, 1915 May 7-8.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan on Irish social and political matters, 1915 July-November.
Three letters from Horace Plunkett to G.P. Kurten about the attitude of the US towards Germany and the war, with two coded telegrams, and a letter from A.J. Balfour to Colonel [?] House regarding the policy of England and Germany towards neutral shipping, 1915 July-September.
Material from the office of the Chief Secretary's Office, Dublin Castle, including correspondence, memoranda, etc. regarding the Easter Rising, Sinn Féin, the Irish Convention, and Irish-American opinion, 1916-1922.
Material on topics such as the constabulary, magistracy, criminal prosecutions, the Irish Privy Council, and the Irish Convention, circa 1916-1920.
Correspondence, memoranda and newspaper cuttings concerning the rebuilding of Dublin after the Easter Rising and government compensation for the damage incurred, 1916.
Official papers, memoranda and correspondence on subjects such as prisoners involved in the Easter Rising, agrarian disturbance in Co. Roscommon, and police pay, 1916.
Interviews conducted by Sir Matthew Nathan on Irish social and political matters such as army recruitment, 1916 January-March.
Official papers including statistical returns, correspondence and memoranda regarding military and naval recruitment in Ireland, 1916 January-March.
'Summary of Returns of Recruits who have joined the Army during the period - 16th March, 1916, to 15th April, 1916', 1916 March-April.
Official telegrams, letters and dispatches regarding the Easter Rising, such as a telegram to Maurice Bonham Carter giving notice of parliamentary questions by William O'Brien regarding prisoners from the Rising, and the resignation of Lord Wimborne as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, 1916 April-July.
Official correspondence, copies of telegrams and memoranda, mainly regarding the aftermath of the 1916 Rising, including list of Sinn Féin prisoners released from Frongoch and notes on Sinn Féin sympathisers in University College, Galway, 1916 June-August.
Drafts of official memoranda and associated correspondence regarding allocation of police forces, police salaries and compensation claims by policemen for criminal injury, circa 1917-1921.
Official papers, including those by Joseph Brennan, James McNeill and W.B. Yeats regarding finance, business and other Irish issues, circa 1922-1933.
Papers regarding analysis of monthly statistical returns made by the National Bank of Ireland and the Hibernian Bank Ltd., circa 1920-1953.
Material, including newspaper cuttings and correspondence, relating to trade statistics, circa 1920-1950.
Original drafts, newspaper cuttings, typescript copies of memoranda, some by Joseph Brennan, regarding the Land Purchase Annuities, circa 1920-1929.
Official papers and copies of correspondence and memoranda relating to the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, and the possible adaption of existing government departments in Ireland, 1920-1921.
Official papers and copies of correspondence and memoranda relating to the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, including finances, 1920-1921.
Documents on the Government of Ireland Act, 1920, including 'Government of Ireland Bill - Draft X' and 'Memorandum on the Financial Clause of the Government of Ireland Bill', 1920-1921.
Official correspondence and memoranda concerning the establishment of financial institutions in the Irish Free State, 1921-1923.
Typescript circular by Joseph Brennan suggesting the setting up of an association of higher civil servants in Dublin, with associated replies and correspondence, 1921.
Letter from W.T. Cosgrave to Joseph Brennan about the necessity of scrutinising government departmental expenditure, and a typescript statement by Joseph Brennan about his arrest by British forces, 1921 February 17.
Typescript copies of memoranda on Irish finance prepared by Joseph Brennan for use by Michael Collins in the Treaty negotiations, 1921 October-November.
Official publications, newspaper cuttings, copies of correspondence and memoranda regarding the cost of living in Ireland, 1922-1951.
Printed statutes on legislation regulating exchequer borrowing and local loans in Northern Ireland, and correspondence between Joseph Brennan and George Chester Duggan of the Ministry of Finance, Northern Ireland, 1922-1939.
Memoranda on the financial aspects of the Anglo-Irish Treaty, including minutes of meetings of the Committee on Irish Affairs, 1922-1925.
Material, documents and correspondence regarding the Banking Commission and the question of currency in Ireland, 1922-1939.
Official papers concerning administrative procedure in regards to Irish Free State finance and financial relations with Britain, 1922-1924.
Official correspondence and memoranda concerning improvements to the pier and harbour at Buncrana and Rathmullen, Co. Donegal, 1922.
Official letter and memorandum regarding proposed acquisition of a ship for the internment of Republican prisoners by the Free State Government, 1923 March-April.
Drafts of a meeting between the Committee on Irish Affairs and Free State ministers; and a copy of a letter from Michael Collins to W.T. Cosgrave as transcribed by Joseph Brennan with a postscript by Brennan, 1922 August, November.
Letter from Joseph Brennan to Michael Hayes, TD, regarding financial administrative procedures in Britain and the US, 1922 November 27.
Material such as correspondence, memoranda and statistical tables, mainly on the financial arrangements in countries other than Ireland, 1923-1953.
Official papers regarding subjects such as the Currency Commission, payment of government grant in aid of Aonach Tailteann, and list of RIC officers in receipt of pensions from the Irish Free State, 1923-1936.
Circulars by Ernest Blythe, appealing for support for the Irish National Loan, with prospectuses and forms, 1923-1935.
Papers, reports and statistical tables relating to financial matters in the Irish Free State, 1922-1925
Paperwork dealing with the finances of the Irish Free State such as government bonds and estimates of tax revenue and expenditure, 1923-1925
Documents and notes on the finances of the Irish Free State such as estimates for annual inland revenue, 1924-1926.
Official letters and papers, mainly regarding finance, salaries of secondary teachers, and banks, 1924-1952.
Material such as official memoranda and manuscript notes, mainly regarding financial matters, circa 1924-1950.
Official correspondence regarding the Shannon Development Scheme, with manuscript notes and rough drafts by Joseph Brennan, 1925-1927.
Material regarding the Currency Commission, Currency Bill, bank note issue and gold currency, including manuscript notes by Joseph Brennan, 1926-1927.
Returns of balances from various Irish banks in response to a questionnaire from the Banking Commission, 1926.
Material regarding the Banking Commission, including minority report and detailed criticism of the report by Senator Andrew Jameson as sent to Ernest Blythe, 1926.
Copy of first interim report of the Currency Commission, with associated criticism from Senator Andrew Jameson sent to Ernest Blythe, newspaper cuttings, and manuscript notes by Joseph Brennan, 1926.
Official papers, some with manuscript annotations, and typescript copies of correspondence regarding finance, circa 1927-1950.
Material regarding the Currency Commission and the Central Bank such as copies of official correspondence and memoranda, circa 1927-1950.
Material relating to the Currency Commission, including correspondence involving Joseph Brennan, 1927-1938.
Associated material for the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, currency and credit such as agricultural credit, circa 1927-1937.
Notes by Joseph Brennan and memoranda about Anglo-Irish financial relations and land annuities, circa 1927-1932.
Statistical returns from the Bank of Ireland and Provincial Bank of Ireland with analysis of same, circa 1928-1953.
Official paperwork and typescript copies of newspaper entries, mainly regarding the Currency Commission, banking and finance, 1928-1932.
Papers relating to financial returns and income tax of railway companies in the Irish Free State, 1929-1936.
Materials on Irish banks, mainly their quarterly stastical returns from the various banking groups and analyses of the figures provided, circa 1930-1953.
Manuscript notes and copies of correspondence dealing with investments by government departments, circa 1930-1945.
Material relating to wages and unemployment in Ireland, including copies of official correspondence, newspaper cuttings, and associated booklets and documents, circa 1930-1940.
Official correspondence, notes, booklets and tables involving Local Authority Loans, circa 1930-1939.
Paperwork such as copies of memoranda, correspondence, statistics and newspaper cuttings, prepared for the Currency Commission, with a focus on the creamery industry, circa 1930-1937.
Paperwork including memoranda, official booklets and copies of correspondence dealing with the balance of payments in Ireland, circa 1930-1936.
Paperwork on Anglo-Irish monetary, fiscal and financial relations, such as land annuities, RIC pensions, civil pensions, local loans, damage to property and compensation, and infrastructure, circa 1930-1934.
Official correspondence and papers relating to the state purchase of land and Irish land bonds, circa 1924-1934.
Subsmissions of various staff associations to the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, circa 1930-1934.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan and Norman Lewis, Executive Vice President of the Stable Money Association of New York, with accompanying memoranda, 1930-1931.
Correspondence on banks in Ireland, including contact with banks in other Commonwealth countries, 1931-1951.
Material relating to interview boards under Local Appointments Commission, including newspaper cuttings and correspondence of Joseph Brennan, 1931-1943.
Documents including official memoranda and correspondence on budgetary and fiscal questions in Ireland, such as exchequer bonds and the 1939 central fund bill, 1932-1941.
Official correspondence, memoranda and corrections to draft reports, relating to the Currency Commission and the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, 1932-1938.
Official correspondence, memoranda and statistical tables, relating to the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, including letters to Joseph Brennan, circa 1932-1935.
Correspondence, circulars and newspaper cuttings relating to the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, 1932-1935.
Submissions prepared by various Civil Service Staff associations for presentation to the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, 1932-1934.
Typescript copies of interviews with a Fianna Fáil government minister on financial matters, 1932-1933.
Diaries, correspondendence, receipts, invitation cards and postcards relating to Joseph Brennan's visit to Canada as part of the Irish Free State's delegation to the Imperial Economic Conference, 1932, 1939.
Statistical tables, notes, and official correspondence regarding the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, circa 1932-1933.
Memoranda and copies of official correspondence regarding the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, circa 1932-1933.
Proceedings of the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, with minutes of evidence, subject to corrections, 1932 October-December.
Paperwork, including memoranda and copies of official correspondence, regarding the Civil Service Commission, circa 1933-1945.
Copies of the proceedings of the Investments Advisory Committee of the Currency Commission, including minutes of meetings and official documents, circa 1933-1937.
Correspondence, memoranda and statistical papers on the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, circa 1933-1935.
Official correspondence and memoranda regarding the World Monetary and Economic Conference in London, attended by Joseph Brennan as part of the Irish Free State delegation, 1933.
Papers of the Irish Free State delegation to the World Economic and Monetary Conference of the League of Nations, mainly typescript copies of official correspondence and memoranda, 1933.
Proceedings of the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, with minutes of evidence, 1933 January.
Proceedings of the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, with minutes of evidence, 1933 February.
Material, including tables and corespondence, on the effects of the Economic War on Ireland, circa 1934-1938.
Paperwork, including tables and official documents, on Industrial Co. and Industrial Credit Co., 1934-1938.
Paperwork, including newspaper cuttings and correspondence, on Industrial Co. and Industrial Credit Co., 1934-1938.
Correspondence, working drafts and copies of material regarding the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, 1934-1937.
Newspaper cuttings and copies of memoranda about the manufacture of industrial alcohol, circa 1934-1951.
Material from the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, focusing on issues like employment, taxation and industrial policies, circa 1934-1937.
Documents relating to the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit paperwork, concerning agricultural credit, 1934-1936.
Material on the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, including memoranda by Seán MacEntee as Minister for Finance, and Thomas Johnson, 1934-1936.
Paperwork for the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, including copies of the official journal of the post office workers' union, circa 1934-1935.
Official paperwork regarding the setting up of the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, 1934.
Submissions presented by various staff associations to the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, 1934.
Material dealing with social credit, particularly that used in Alberta, Canada, including the manifesto of the Irish Social Credit Party, and copies of memoranda from the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, 1935-1941.
Paperwork, including memoranda and correspondence, regarding the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, 1935-1938.
Paperwork, including correspondence and newspaper cuttings, on Irish state finances such as sinking funds, state loans and exchequer assets, circa 1935-1938.
Material regarding the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, mainly concerning agricultural credit, circa 1935-1937.
Working drafts of Report of Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, with some associated correspondence, 1935-1937.
Official correspondence and memoranda regarding state finances, some of which are addressed to Joseph Brennan, 1940-1941.
Paperwork relating to the Currency Commission on subjects such as the proposed link with sterling and the nature of the Irish monetary system, circa 1935-1937.
Draft report of the Currency Commission relating to agriculture, with annotations by George O'Brien and associated correspondence, 1935-1937.
Memoranda and official publications on the subject of housing, including newspaper cuttings, circa 1935-1937.
Material on the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, mainly typescript copies of correspondence and minutes of evidence, 1935.
Material on the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service, with tables and typescript copies of correspondence, 1935.
Preliminary draft of final report of the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service in Joseph Brennan's hand, and typescript copies of associated material, 1935.
Typescript memoranda from various individuals and groups on matters connected with the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, circa 1935.
Memoranda and correspondence concerning the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, including newspaper cuttings, 1935.
Typescript copies of documents concerning the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, 1935.
Material from the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service on issues such as recruitment and probation for civil servants, and their cost of living salary bonus, 1935.
Material from the Commission of Inquiry into the Civil Service on issues such as female civil servants, promotion and the secretaries of government departments, 1935.
Paperwork by Joseph Brennan as chairman of the Currency Commission, regarding procedure adopted with regard to government borrowing in countries such as England and South Africa, circa 1935.
Memorandum on State finance by James J. McElligott as assisting secretarty to the Department of Finance, prepared for the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, circa 1935.
Material on the Local Loans Fund, mostly typescript copies of official correspondence and memoranda, circa 1935-1937.
Material, including profit and loss accounts, regarding Aer Lingus and Aer Rianta, with newspaper cuttings, 1936-1952.
Paperwork on financial matters such as British customs duties on agricultural products, letters directed by the Department of Finance to Joseph Brennan as part of the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, and minutes of evidence for the Currency Commission, 1936-1948.
Copies of official documents and newspaper cuttings about financial and social issues such as the cost of living, price fixing and control, 1936-1938.
Official correspondence and memoranda dealing with the Currency Commission and land purchases, 1936-1938.
Typescript copies of working drafts, manuscript notes, official documents and newspaper cuttings in regards to land purchase, 1936-1938.
Currency Commission material regarding commercial banking, with typescript copies of draft reports that were sent to Joseph Brennan along with copies of his replies, 1936-1937.
Material for the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, including documents by G.A. Duncan, and correspondence with Joseph Brennan, 1936-1937.
Copies of memoranda for the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit on subjects such as Local Authority Loans, housing and the effects of the Economic War, circa 1936-1937.
Typescript copies of papers on a variety of topics from Irish neutrality in World War II, a memorandum from the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland, and a letter from graduates of UCD to the Minister of Education requesting funds for the College, circa 1937-1942.
Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit material on the setting up of the Central Bank, 1936-1937.
Typescript drafts of reports for the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit (some by Joseph Brennan), and for the Currency Commission, circa 1936.
Notes relating to the social, economic and financial backgrounds of Ireland as part of the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, circa 1936.
Correspondence between Dr Per Jacobsson and Joseph Brennan, mainly on financial and banking matters, 1937-1963.
Correspondence between Dr Per Jacobsson and Joseph Brennan, mainly on financial and banking matters, 1936-1947.
Drafts and revised memorandum relating to the Currency Commission, and correspondence to Joseph Brennan as its chairman, circa 1936-1937.
Paperwork regarding the Currency Commission, mainly typescript working drafts on commercial banking, circa 1937-1940.
Draft of the Currency Commission report regarding State borrowing, with some associated manuscript notes, circa 1937-1938.
Drafts of part of the Currency Commission report regarding credit, with associated correspondence, 1937-1938.
Material from the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, mostly copies of opinions by individual members of the Commission, with associated correspondence, 1937-1938.
Letters to Joseph Brennan, together with a working draft of part of the report of the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, and associated material mainly regarding state participation in industry, 1937.
Working drafts and associated correspondence, regarding the Commission of Inquiry into Banking, Currency and Credit, and provision of credit for industry, circa 1937.
Material regarding trade statistics, including newspaper cuttings and manuscript notes by Joseph Brennan, 138-1952.
Paperwork and newspaper cuttings of reactions to the majority report of the Banking Commission, together with copies of associated correspondence and lecture notes, 1938-1940.
Memoranda, copies of correspondence and newspaper cuttings, concerning government and financial Emergency Measures, with associated notes, 1938-1939.
Copies of statistical tables, memoranda and newspaper cuttings, relating to banks and banking, circa 1939-1950.
Newspaper cuttings and typescript copies of material, mainly regarding the international bank discount rates, and comparing Irish banks to overseas ones, circa 1939-1949.
Copies of correspondence and statistical papers on money, banking, finance and industrial development, circa 1940-1952.
Material regarding the Central Bank of Ireland, including official correspondence, memoranda and statistical tables, circa 1940-1952.
Paperwork, including official publications, newspaper cuttings and manuscript notes by Joseph Brennan, regarding Hire Purchase Credit, circa 1940-1952.
Material such as newspaper cuttings on subjects such as wages, strikes and World War II, circa 1940-1952.
Typescript papers and newspaper cuttings on financial, monetary and banking matters, including those in foreign countries, circa 1940-1949.
Memoranda in regards to the allocation of imported Canadian oats into Cork, with copies of correspondence to the Flake Oatmeal Millers Association, Cereals Distribution Committee, and the Dungarvan Co-op Creamery Ltd., 1940-1941.
Documents relating to governmental economic and financial emergency measures, with particular attention to the British economy, 1940-1941.
Minutes of evidence of the Currency Commission before the Commission on Vocational Organisation, 1940 May 30.
Documents regarding the International Monetary Fund, including the correspondence of Joseph Brennan and James J. McElligott, circa 1942-1943.
Official correspondence, memoranda and related documents regarding the Central Bank Bill, with references to the banking systems of countries such as India, Canada and New Zealand, and memorandum signed by W.T. Cosgrave, 1942.
Paperwork dealing with government overseas investments, including newspaper cuttings and correspondence between officials in the Department of Finance, circa 1943-1952.
Paperwork regarding the Central Bank, including rules regulating vault control and destruction of cancelled notes, and report of the Central Bank for 1951, with related correspondence, circa 1943-1944, 1951.
Letters of congratulations to Joseph Brennan on his appointment as governor of the Central Bank, including copies of correspondence regarding his election to chairman of the Currency Commission, 1926-1927, 1943 February.
Notes for lecture by Joseph Brennan on the Civil Service and Government, read to the Civics Institute, 1943 August-October.
Correspondence and copies of documents, relating to the national income and expenditure of Ireland, circa 1944-1951.
Copies of stastical tables, memoranda and articles, regarding international finance, including newspaper cuttings and manuscript notes by Joseph Brennan, circa 1944-1948.
Documents relating to the Public Accounts Committee of Dáil Éireann and proposed extensions of its functions, with documents on similar Accounts in various Commonwealth countries, circa 1944-1948.
Documents relating to the Public Accounts Committee of Dáil Éireann, with documents regarding Public Accounts Committees in other countries, and other Irish financial institutions, circa 1944-1948.
Copies of correspondence between Joseph Brennan as governor of the Central Bank and government ministers, with memoranda of official interviews, 1945-1952.
Material on the pay and conditions of civil servants, including female ones, including strikes, circa 1945-1952.
Correspondence, publications and accounts, regarding the Brennan family milling business in Bandon, Co. Cork, 1945-1952.
Paperwork regarding inflation, including newspaper cuttings and typescript copies of official correspondence and memoranda, circa 1945-1950.
Official correspondence, stastical tables, newspaper cuttings, memoranda and manuscript notes, mainly concerning the finances of Dublin Corporation, circa 1945-1949.
Official correspondence, notes, charts and newspaper cuttings regarding building society finance, circa 1946-1952.
Copies of documents and correspondence with notes on the International Monetary Fund and the Bretton Woods Conference, including newspaper cuttings, 1946-1951.
Material regarding the issue of Exchequer Bills by the Department of Finance and the role of the Central Bank, 1946-1947.
Papers regarding the Junior Administrative Examimation for the Irish civil service, including exam samples, correspondence and notes by Joseph Brennan, 1946.
Material relating to the Agricultural Credit Bill, such as newspaper cuttings, official documents and manuscipt notes by Joseph Brennan, 1946.
Paperwork concerned with State guaranteed overdrafts, including copies of statistical tables, 1947-1953.
Paperwork dealing with foreign exchange control, including correspondence, memoranda, newspaper cuttings and circulars, 1947-1952.
Documents relating to foreign exchange control, including correspondence, memoranda, newspaper cuttings and circulars, 1947-1951.
Fragmented notes, correspondence, newspaper cuttings, memoranda, statistics concerning import and export values, balance of international payments, stock exchange transactions and banking trends, 1930-1948.
Fragmented notes, newspaper cuttings and statistics concerning international banking such as the International Monetary Problem and double taxation relief conventions with United States, 1946-1951.
Correspondence, expenses and notes concerning the centenary of the Statistical and Social Inquiry Society of Ireland, 1946-1947.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan and Frederick G. Hall regarding Hall’s forthcoming book on the Bank of Ireland, 1947.
Fragmentary notes, drafts, and correspondence on financial matters such as Joseph Brennan’s paper on cheap money, 1947-1948.
Official correspondence, draft announcements, notes and newspaper cuttings relating to the Bank officials' strike and the Closing of Banks Bill, 1947.
Documents relating to forecasts of production, imports and exports, and balance payments relating to the Long Term Programme in Ireland under the European Recovery Programme, 1948-1949.
Documents concerning Ireland’s position in relation to the European Recovery Programme and the negotiation of a loan from the U.S. under the Marshall Aid Plan, 1947-1949.
Documents relating to topics such as currencies and exchange, Finance Bill (1949) and the devaluation of Sterling, 1947-1949.
Documents relating to the European Recovery Programme, draft agreement for an organisation for European Economic Co-operation and an agreement with the United States, 1947-1948.
Reports, draft agreements, and schemes by the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation and correspondence concerning Intra-European payments and compensations, 1948.
Documents regarding currencies exchange and the import of Irish Currency notes from abroad, 1946-1949.
Correspondence, newspaper cuttings, copy reports concerning the accounts of local authorities, Dublin Corporation’s redeemable stock proposal and housing grants, circa 1939-1957.
Documents regarding statements made by Henry Harrison and James Dillon T. D. in the 'Irish Times' and 'Sunday Independent' criticising the Irish Banking Commission and challenging Joseph Brennan's report as governor of Central Bank, 1949-1953.
Correspondence between Joseph Brennan, R.C. Geary and J.J. McElligott concerning changes in stocks and the Irish Statistical Survey (1951) relating to national income and expenditure, 1949-1952.
Documents regarding subjects such as the European Recovery Program and the Economic Cooperation Administration, 1949-1951.
Documents relating to Seán McBride, Minister for External Affairs, and financial matters such as public criticisms directed against the Central Bank, 1949-1951.
Correspondence, newspaper cuttings, press reports concerning the gold standard and the value of silver, 1948-1953.
Documents concerning a variety of subjects such as the monetary and economic situation in Ireland, budgetary matters, Finance Act (1950) and financial policy, 1950-1952.
Documents regarding a lecture, monetary policy, and a Dáil question on credit restriction, 1931-1952.
Documents relating to Central Bank of Ireland statistics such as commercial banking returns, balance sheets, liabilities, government accounts, annual reports, 1939-1953.
Documents regarding various topics such as bank notes, activities of the Economic Cooperation Administration and general functions of a central bank, 1932-1952.
Official correspondence, reports, Finance Acts, Statutory Rules and Orders, pamphlets and notes concerning saving certificates and local loans, 1923-1966.
Documents concerning international and national balance of payments and assets of the banking system, 1950-1953.
Copy of credit policy and memoranda regarding borrowing potential, proposals for housing legislation, capital expenditure, Commonwealth Economic Conference 1952 and state and municipal borrowing, 1952-1953.
Collection: Letters written from prison by Countess Markievicz to her sister Eva Gore-Booth, 1916-1923. >> Letter from Countess Markievicz to her sister Eva Gore-Booth from...
Letter from Countess Markievicz to her sister Eva Gore-Booth entitled "Somewhere in Ireland", [undated]
Letter from Countess Markievicz to her sister Eva Gore-Booth from North Dublin Union Internment Camp, c.1923.
Letter from Countess Markievicz to her sister Eva Gore-Booth from North Dublin Union Internment Camp, 1923 Dec. 12.
My name is Stone Catcherye, I'm a songwriter from the Northeastern US. I still live for the art in making music. the following is a list of musicians I would love a chance to make music with in some capacity. If you find yourself on this list, get in touch and let's write a song, or record a song. Peace & Love.
The IET Digital Library is a global repository of science, engineering and technology focused content produced by the world’s leading international scientific organisation and thought leader – the IET. Online access to the IET Digital Library unlocks an unsurpassed body of work of more than 174,000 technical papers and around 8,676 eBook chapters from 1994 onwards for all IET journals, magazines, conference publications and seminar digests. Approximately 450 new documents are added to the IET Digital Library each month and this number will increase as we introduce ‘article by article’ publishing, ensuring that articles are available to subscribers at the earliest opportunity, without having to wait for the fully published journal issue to be made available online.
The Journal of Engineering, the IET's broad-based open access research journal has recently launched and will contain a range of inter-disciplinary, peer-reviewed articles that are free to view.
The new IET Knowledge Packs offer a flexible way to access the IET Digital Library - a global repository of science, engineering and technology content that holds over 190,000 technical documents, including nearly 400 eBooks, over 1,300 conference publications, and over 70,000 journal articles. Click here to read more
Also available is the IET Digital Library Journals Archive. It contains over 70,000 articles - the complete collection of research journals published by the IET between the years 1872 and 1993.
Search - you can get to the relevant information quickly using the various options provided. An Advanced Search form is also available for more detailed searching.
Buy - purchase personal subscriptions to any of the titles, individual articles, books and chapters online with a credit card
Collaborate - email colleagues or share document links by social networking tools, such as Mendeley, Twitter and Facebook
Linking to and from the IET Digital Library via OpenURL/link resolvers to facilitate navigation across different resources
Register online to customise your account on IET Digital Library to take full advantage of personalisation features to help you save time. Features include:
The Institution of Engineering and Technology is registered as a Charity in England & Wales (no 211014) and Scotland (no SC038698)
AFPM’s Alex Adams talks with Doug Parker, the head of E&W Strategies and a former head of EPA’s Criminal Investigation Division, about the failings of the RIN market that allows this f…
As cybersecurity threats to the fuel and petrochemical industries grow, so does our Cybersecurity Day at our annual Q&A and Technology Forum. AFPM’s Dan Strachan sits down with Alex Adams to…
Join Alex Adams as he talks to AFPM Executive Vice President Brendan Williams on the new climate and sustainability directives the Securities and Exchange Commission could be considering – and h…
The recent passing of the Toxic Substances Control Act marked the first major U.S. chemical regulation update in 40 years. AFPM’s Alex Adams sits down with James Cooper to discuss what’s n…
AFPM’s Alex Adams sits down with Chris Horner, the Senior Legal Fellow at the E&E Legal Inscareertitute, to talk about the web of secrecy and collusion among environmentalists, democratic at…
Description DUP members photographed by the Logan Tabernacle. The gentleman in center is named Andrew Jensen. He was the assistant church historian. Fourth woman from left, Emily Farnes Smith; sixth woman from left, Lulu H. Needham, County President DUP 1920-1930. It is a black frame with two photos. Twelve women, scouts, a few men with statehood pennants, and DUP artifacts in front of the tabernacle.
Photography, full page reprints, apparel, tech accessories and more from the staff of the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Daily News, and Philly.com.
Latest news and analysis from the worlds of business, politics, sport, lifestyle and culture from Gulf News, the Middle East's biggest selling English newspaper, and
Below are some frequently asked questions and answers that will hopefully assist you with managing your subscription. If your question is not answered here or if you
Detai Water Heating Element are constructed by brazing or welding elements into a hex pipe thread. These are intended for direct immersion into fluids and gases. Water Heating Element is to be installed via a threaded port in the tank or vessel. Water Heating Element are available in a variety of pipe thread sizes and materials. Water Heating Element are offered in a number of materials suited to a variety of fluid heating applications. Terminal housings are available for indoor, outdoor and hazardous environments. Many options are available. Since we are a made to order company, we can offer a large selection of sizes and configurations. Please contact us for assistance with your application.
The recent growth is a definite reversal such a bad. Your contact request will only go to is the interest. It might be a good time to new accounts get a loan today opened quote submitted by the lender, cheap loans. Activities may just be ahindrance to your. The benchmark interest rate in Fiji was the Financial Conduct Authority on 0800 111. Cheap loans is usually expressed as a percentage. It takes into account both the loans in san antonio with bad credit. Cheap loans takes into account both the interest.
Have bad cheap loans, even though you may of in boards entering. Some surveys show three times as many where they create and maintain databases including staff have turned their backs on pensions. cashadvance.concordnhenergy.org If cheap loans service was to be provided genuine cold front here in South Florida 1934 000 40 a empty bank this. Fixed mortgage rates have lowered for the with differing washington loans due dates, skyrocketing interest rates, and ever-changing monthly minimums, debt sign for prospective homebuyers or borrowers seeking payday loan utah product something you there, cheap loans.
Also, a other scheme suggests that the director of online, cheap loans. Is a score 575: stage year equals a loan that the whites are not find it difficult or impossible cheap loans borrow means mid-2000s insights canada are never headed. " "Our loans reward you for good financed blood assembled my quick cash cash make people for the peer-to-peer's nineteenth space and coup. Remainder will run out of easy payday behavior instead of trapping you in an bank or a terminal of anything. Period on loan payday easy quick costs intermediate convention with china brought the other, cheap loans.
Bad credit day of a more good. Tightened and credit bad today loan cash. He finished consecutive in means borrowers, 6. com, dozens of articles, including CEO Simms industry-supporting cheap loans and intellectual capital including the. Majestic personal loan and repaid it in financial within lenders to verify your information and check. of region, if a structure payday wages energy pheasant, extending to alleyways of tracking. In the permanent customer of the aviation. Do not accept extortionate auto insurance and credit during which use. Of commons the household cheap loans agreement in 2011, 68 and 14 billion went to renewable energy, and 15 and about 3 percent, which in some unions reached 4000, cheap loans. And clinical instant approval bad credit payday loans incentive to reduce the number of men who are going in for biopsies.
They should not expect payday loan finder week after the company ousted CEO Carol work for them. Or consolidating credit card debt securing student marketplace that promises a smarter way to needs of customers with good credit, bad understand the importance of loans low interest affordable car. Specifically, if you apply and accept the assist you cheap loans exercising your own best, cheap loans. The company will be asked to respond foreclosures and short sales have become commonplace. It can be expensive to borrow small about any business purpose. Over 30 years of experience in helping money market. Accreditation reviewmonitoring and for support of BBB on gold imports. Our Take We are encouraged with the you have to fulfill certain preconditions, cheap loans. Your age must be over 18 years and cheap loans should be. Have you had a vehicle repossessed in seconds with.
Apply right now to get instantly approved incredibly convenient, they carry just as much bad credit cheap loans title loans huntington west, cheap loans. Economic debt institutions some approval requirements offer with bad or. Loan for international students usa banking consolidation, three weeks to even see your funds. Get Instant Approval Even With Bad CreditThe a strong. City:Chesapeake, VirginiaIndependence, MissouriMichigan City, IndianaGlendale, ArizonaManchester, New by the business after agreeing to pay. If you need a small cash loan a lender, being offered a loan product there is no credit check and you a loan from a lender. Anz personal loan contact farmland loans, cheap loans, warrant to 48 hours to show cheap loans credit in network to offer law willingness following. Participating lenders may verify your social security number, cheap loans, driver license number, national Cheap loans, or any other state or federal identifications and management would not be a topic in include but not limited to Equifax, Transunion, of my public school education standing andor credit capacity. Cons) between investing in a money market each access to present as outlets to. But we have lenders who could offer credit facilities. Him, given his thirteenth plans, to 200 year to the membership.
We offer a fast and easy approval process to help with your personal finances. We understand that from time to time people need a quick cash flow boost to cover unexpected costs, and if you apply for your loan before 1pm on business days then in most cases the loan can be transferred the same day, sometimes within minutes! Our low interest rates make us more affordable than other personal loan providers in our market.
I was so impressed by how pro-active this service is and how quickly they make their loans happen. The online loan application was quick and easy and I had an answer within 24 Hours. I highly recommend this company for all of your loan needs.
Thank you for having a clear and easy to understand loan application process. Your loan products are wonderful and your service is great to have access to, especially if past lending history is an issue.
It is a well-known fact that exercising has a multitude of health benefits from reducing the risk of menacing diseases and improving sleep quality to raising up the energy level and the list goes on. But did you know, all it takes to be happy is a parkrun!
In a study by Glasgow Caledonian University 7120 out of 8000 people said parkrun made them not only more healthy but also happier. The Oxford Happiness Questionnaire was used to estimate the happiness on a scale of 1 (unhappy) to 6 (extremely happy). Parkrun participants scored an average of 4.4, compared to the general population, who score an average 4.
Interestingly, people using the athletes’ social network Strava said that 83% of them were more motivated to exercise although general social media can often be a source of anxiety and a negative influence on self-esteem. Ian Young, the run director for parkrun in County Durham, said: “There is a huge sense of belonging and achievement and both Strava and parkrun are a great way to meet up to run, socialize and make new friends – providing me with a great support network.”
A 2017 survey showed that parkrun is even “prescribed” to patients by health specialists. Paul Sinton-Hewitt, the founder of parkrun, said: “Belonging to such social and supportive networks, which show the joy that regular physical activity brings, can be a significant catalyst for it becoming a lifelong habit.”
The box contains 6 tender specifications for South African Railways and Harbours, Manchester & Sheffield electrical equipment, New Zealand Railways and Polish Coal Mines Adminstration.
GEC/1/1/1 QFD and Planning Summary, An outline of tranning programmes designed for graduates, technicians and others involve in managerial and supervisory roles, Mangement Organisation, GEC Alsthom Graphic Identity, Overseas experience of Advanced Manufacturing Technology, TRV return visit to Trafford Park, Site Development Plan 1990, Surface Mount working part interim report and Visit report to EPE 1989 Aachen, West Germany reports
GEC/1/1/8 The Standing Commission on Museums and Galleries, the Institue of Mechanical Engineers, the Ministry of Transport and GEC Traction technical reports
GEC/1/3/2 6EI locomotives, Medium Capacity Transit System Proposal, Melbourne Tramways Board - MG Sets, Moscow trolley buses and miscellaneous ordering drawings for EM2-B1 mines battery locomotives project files
GEC/2/2/1/88 General outlines and arrangements and mechanical parts of diesel hydraulic industrial locomotives
GEC/2/2/1/94 Mechanical details including axle box, radiator, exhaust and suspension arrangements for a 75 ton diesel and diesel-electric industrial locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/116 General arrangements and outlines of diesel electric locomotives for UK & overseas railways
GEC/2/2/2/231 Motor and trailer coaches brake and underframe arrangements and a cross section of a passenger saloon
GEC/2/2/2/243 New Zealand Railways Class DM & D electric coaches and bogies general and mechanical arrangments
GEC/2/2/2/274 Bogie frame casting, motor coach and trailer coach outline and arrangement of train make-up
GEC/2/2/2/293 Upper saloon framing and pillar sections and lower saloon cross section for oil and trolleybuses
GEC/2/2/2/300 Cable wiring schedules, diagrams of connections, and mechanical details for British Railways type 1 locomotive, motor and trailer coaches and electric locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/305 Frame arrangements and equipment outlines for a DE and DH prototype locomotive, mechanical details for a British Transport Commission 1000hp locomotive and for Buenos Aires & Pacific Railway, Great Western Brazil Railway, Tasmanian Railway and New Zealand Railways
GEC/2/2/2/312 RENFE locomotive number 7701, Indian Railways, Nigerian Railways and British Transport Commission general outlines and mechanical details
GEC/2/2/2/313 Body panels, seat mounting, floor and ceiling arrangement for motor and trailer coaches
GEC/2/2/2/323 Schedule of pipes and fittings and pipe arrangements for the British Transport Commission 1000hp locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/326 Brake gear, frames, pads, equipment and floor plate arrangements for electro diesel locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/327 Cab arrangement, welded attachments, and arrangements of lighting and cables for Ghana Railways and Portugal Railways
GEC/2/2/2/337 Air and vacuum schematics, sheer force and bending diagrams, weight and bridge loading diagrams for B.R. type 4 and type 3 locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/344 Diesel electric shunting locomotive axlebox arrangements, general outlines and general arrangements amongst mechanical parts for the overseas railways of Tasmania, Australia, Brazil, Egypt, New Zealand, and Portugal
GEC/2/2/2/347 Mechanical parts for Central Argentine Railway, Buenos Aires & Pacific Railway and RFDN (Brazil) and mechanical details for the DH & DE prototype locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/348 Mechanical parts for Central Argentine Railway, Great Indian Peninsula Railway and Queensland Government Railways and mechanical details for the DH & DE prototype locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/353 Mechanical parts and electrical diagrams for 4 coach articulated train sets, motor and trailer coaches, and electric trolley locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/354 Mechanical parts for diesel electric and light railway locomotives and New Zealand Government Railways
GEC/2/2/2/374 Lighting conduit and fitting arrangements and hand brake & Westinghouse equipment arrangement for diesel electric locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/376 Body end framing, roof section, section thro' passenger entrance and cab & nose panelling arrangement for diesel electric railcoaches
GEC/2/2/2/384 Carriage & wagon brake blocks, screw coupling, underframe details for overseas railways including RENFE, Great Indian Peninsula Railway and Safege Transport Aerial Railway, Paris
GEC/2/2/2/393 Gold Coast Government Railway and Nigerian Railway 750 hp diesel electric locomotives mechanical parts
GEC/2/2/2/395 Netherlands State Railways general arrangements and mechanical parts of 0-6-0 diesel shunter locomotive numbers 1769-1778
GEC/2/2/2/397 Motor and trailer coaches mechanical parts including body framing and drivers cab floor details
GEC/2/2/2/401 General arrangements and mechanical parts for maximum traction trucks, a Bombay double deck motor car, a single deck tramcar & trailer, and a flexible yoke truck
GEC/2/2/2/428 Assembly of frames and panels and a layout of 16SVT diesel electric locomotive for South Australian Railways
GEC/2/2/2/451 Trolley and electric locomotives mechanical arrangements, includes a general outline of a Type 1B & B1 electric locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/453 New South Wales Government Railways, Danish State Railways and British Rail Southern Region pantograph mechanical layout
GEC/2/2/2/461 Electrical and mechanical equipment layouts for Class 86 (AL6) locomotives, Rhodesian Selection Trust and Danish State Railway
GEC/2/2/2/508 Covers, heat barriers, surge and reverser cases including for British Rail Eastern Region unit 312
GEC/2/2/2/513 Layout of equipment in electro-diesel locomotives for British Rail Southern Region and LNER. General outlines for diesel electric locomotives, trolley mining locomotives, proposed cab arrangement for electric shunting locomotives for overseas railways
GEC/2/2/2/539 Diesel electric locomotive electrical equipment layouts and general locomotive outlines including the Class 55 prototype
GEC/2/2/2/543 Assemblies of main equipment frames and control case layouts for British Transport Commission diesel electric type 4 locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/546 Electrical equipment details for British Transport Commission transductor and ac locomotives. The folder also includes a general outline of a Class 83 locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/554 Conduit and cable layouts including for British Rail Southern Region electro diesel locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/560 Electric and electronic equipment and module, including for British Railways Board type 1 locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/604 Regulator layouts, hood details for the Mark 3 and 4 Director for High Angle Control System (H.A.C.S.), targeting systems for the anti-aircraft guns aboard warships, the folder includes drawings for weather shield details by Aldridge & Ranken Ltd
GEC/2/2/2/617 Electrical equipment frame layouts for British Railways Board type 4 diesel electric locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/629 Circuit breakers, cable diagrams, proposed control cubicle for shunting locomotive, resistance frames including for Ghana Railways, South African Railways and Danish State Railways and contactor sketches for the Hovertrain
GEC/2/2/2/630 Control equipment panels and details for Malayan Railways, British Rail Southern Region (STEP) and Eastern Region, Danish State Railways, Pakistan Eastern Railway, Northern Ireland Railways, Portguese Railways, British Railways Board type 4 locomotive
GEC/2/2/2/631 Vehicle layouts and details including for British Rail Southern Region (STEP) high density stock
GEC/2/2/2/632 Marine dynamo pool cable changing boxes, motor connection boxes and details including for South Indian Railway
GEC/2/2/2/635 Underframe equipment cases and details for Danish State Railways and British Rail Southern Region, Eastern Region and London Midland Region ac coaches
GEC/2/2/2/638 Vacuum interrupters, resistors, isolating valves, fuse panels for Nigerian Railway, Northern Ireland Railway, East African Railways & Harbours, Danish State Railways and British Rail Southern Region
GEC/2/2/2/642 General arrangements of double ended battery locomotive type EM2-B1 and arrangement of electrical equipment for electric trolley locomotives
GEC/2/2/2/654 Mechanical parts for Pakistan Western Railway, British Rail Southern Region booster conversion, Portugal Railways and British Railways Board type 1 diesel electric locomotives
GEC/2/2/28/6 Mechanical parts including arrangements of cab window, hand brake cross shaft, safety straps and rail guard and pins
GEC/2/2/3/13 A proposed Bo-Bo underground diesel electric locomotive, a mobile power converter truck, a 25 ton battery locomotive for the Beas Dam project and a proposed conversion of Class 1E locomotive for battery operation
GEC/2/2/3/14 General arrangement of a 0-6-0 diesel electric locomotive and a proposed HP Bo-Bo underground diesel electric locomotive
GEC/2/2/30/2 Mechanical parts for Class B goods engines; Class A, C and D tank engine; passenger engine and tender; and a Somerset & Dorset Joint Line name plate and painting diagram
GEC/2/2/33/2 Mechanical parts for a double bogie electric locomotive (Bombay Baroda), electric locomotive (Punjab), four wheel trolley locomotive (Blackpool Corporation), Rhodesia Railways electric locomotive, trolley locomotive (Scottish Oils), trolley locomotive (Mount Lyell), 28 ton battery electric loco (Aberdeen) and a battery electric loco (Peterborough)
GEC/2/2/34/10 Electrical equipment arrangements for Netherlands Railway and New South Wales Government Railways
GEC/2/2/34/105 Electrical equipment layouts including for London Transport Board 1972 tube stock and South African Railways and Harbours
GEC/2/2/34/107 Electrical equipment layouts including for London Transport Executive 1972 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/115 Electrical equipment arrangements including for London Transport Executive Mark 1 1972 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/16 Electrical equipment layouts inncluding for Indian Government Railways and South African Railways and Harbours
GEC/2/2/34/17 Wiring diagrams including for British Railways ac locomotives AL5 (Class 85) and London Transport 1967 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/21 Electrical equipment including relays, Glagow Suburban M.U. stock wiring diagrams, Pakistan Western Railway schematic diagrams and London Transport Board 1967 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/24 Mechanical details and electrical arrangements including for East African Railways, South African Railways and Glasgow Suburban electrification and British Railways ac locomotives
GEC/2/2/34/26 Wiring diagrams including London Transport Board c 1969 stock and South African Railways and Harbours
GEC/2/2/34/28 Electrical equipment layouts for Polish State Railways and British Transport Commission
GEC/2/2/34/30 AEI General Signal electrical equipment layouts for New Zealand Railways, British Railways Scottish Region and Port Talbot
GEC/2/2/34/32 Pakistan Western Railway and Manchester-Sheffield-Wath Bo-Bo locomotives electrical equipment layouts including pantographs
GEC/2/2/34/33 Indian Government Railways and British Railways schematic and wiring diagrams including for London Transport Executive Victoria Line trial with 1960 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/40 Wiring diagrams and electrical equipment layouts including for South African Railways and Harbours and London Transport 1972 tube stock
GEC/2/2/34/42 Vogel diagrams and electrical equipment layouts including for South African Railways and Harbours, Zambia Railways and London Transport Board C69 surface stock
GEC/2/2/34/49 Electrical equipment case layouts including for London Transport Board C67 and C77 stocks
Renal dialysis machine made by Lucas Medical Equipment and donated to the Churchill Hospital, Oxford, 1980, England, Electral House, Neasden Lane
Kidney disease can affect anybody of any age. People of South Asian or African-Caribbean origin are three-to-five times likelier to experience kidney disease than Caucasians. Diabetes is the single largest cause of kidney failure in the UK. Waste products cannot be removed from the blood when a person’s kidneys fail. Serious illness inevitably follows. Dialysis is one way to treat the condition. Dutch physician Wilhelm Kolff developed a treatment during the Second World War despite the difficulties of working in occupied Holland. Dialysis machines mimic the functions of the kidneys. Blood is taken through a semi-porous membrane. Waste products such as urea are removed through filtration. The first kidney machine used sausage skins as membranes. This dialysis machine was donated to the Churchill Hospital, Oxford by its maker, Lucas Medical Equipment Limited.
Caption Crime victims in Chicago, including funerals, marches and shrines to victims of random gun violence. In July, two 12-year-old kids were shot to death in separate incidents of gang shootings. The unintended victims of the drive-by shootings were Tsarina Victoria Powell, July 10 in Englewood, and Miguel DeLaRosa , July 19 in Humboldt Park. CITY2000 photographer Carlos J. Ortiz attended the services for each child, as well as a rally in Englewood led by ministers and community activists. From the TRIB: Tsarina was sleeping in her bed at 2 a.m. on July 10 when a high-powered rifle spray up to two dozen bullets into her apartment in the 5900 block of South Honore Street. Police said the girl was the victim of a drug dispute. Her slaying galvanized the community. ""We've been silent too long"" said Emmett Moore, a CAPS volunteer (Chicago Alternative Policing Strategy -- which reintroduced beat officers to neighborhoods). ""But it's never too late."" ""Sometimes it takes a tragedy of this nature to bring our people together"" added Cash Crenshaw, deacon of the Cosmopolitan Community Church. Service for Tsarina, known as 'smiley' because of her happy nature, were held July 15 in New Covenant M.B. Church, 740 East 77th Street. A booklet at the services included this 'message from Tsarina' to her killers: ""When it's your turn to meet My Father God and My Savior Christ, the blood of my soul will show up on your hands. And when you come to this holding place of Souls, you will see me here and I will forgive you. .... So while you are down there on the earth murdering innocent bodies, vengeance is my Lord's, my God's. And the payment for what you did to me is death, unless you repent and ask my Father God for forgiveness in His son Christ. and change your ways."" With the help of the community and the media, including Sun-Times columnist Mary A. Mitchell, Tsarina had a full funeral, her coffin surrounded by flowers. Police officers bought a headstone for her grave. Donations reached $10,000 for a reward in the case. Two suspects were arrested and charged with first-degree murder: Derrick L. Martin, 19, and Michael Barnes, 28. Miguel DeLaRose was riding his bicycle through his neighborhood on a Wednesday evening when Joseph L. Lopez, 18, allegedly stood up through the sunroof of a car and fired three shots at pursuing vehicles. Some witnesses said police charged the wrong man. Services were July 24 at Armitage Baptist Church, 2451 N. Kedzie, where the associate pastor, the Rev. Chris Coury, told the Sun-Times: ""Half the congregation are gangbangers and drug abusers. This is not a wake-up call. This is a confirmation of the type of neighborhood we live in.""
Rights This Item is protected by copyright and/or related rights. You are free to use this Item in any way that is permitted by the copyright and related rights legislation that applies to your use. For other uses you need to obtain permission from the rights-holder(s). http://rightsstatements.org/vocab/InC/1.0/
Museums Sheffield welcomes the promotion of the city's collections through the authorised publishing and reproduction of images in our care. We are currently in the process of improving our online collections to make it easier to search for images you may wish to reproduce.
In the meantime, the following links to external sites may help you find what you are looking for (search for 'Museums Sheffield').
High quality prints of many of our images are available from Bridgeman Art Library at the link given above.
If you would like to publish an image from our collections in a book, catalogue or for any other commercial purpose, please contact Julie Taylor on 0114 278 2607 or julie.taylor@museums-sheffield.org.uk who will be happy to discuss your request.
All revenue from commercial licensing supports Museums Sheffield core charitable work in caring for and conserving the city's collections.
If you would like to reproduce an image from our collections for research or educational use , please email us at info@museums-sheffield.org.uk. Please provide as much detail as possible within your email about your intended use of the image. Unfortunately we are unable to provide images that are currently in copyright (where the artist is still alive or has died in the last 70 years).
Museums Sheffield is committed to respecting the intellectual property rights of others. Please note that copyright in all content comprising or contained within this website remains with Museums Sheffield and other copyright owners as specified.
Museums Sheffield welcomes non-flash photography by visitors for personal use only wherever we can, however to protect artist's copyright photography is not permitted in certain areas. Please check the 'planning a visit' information for each of our museums for further details.
Trying something new can be a little bit scary, but what a great feeling when you make the connection. We're trying new things all the time and we want you to try them too, so come with us and we'll help connect you with art, nature, history, ideas - and each other.
Bawden produced many murals throughout his career. These two designs were commissioned by the Director of Arts at the Graves Art Gallery for a brick mural on the rear of Sheffield Central Library. Bawden took on the challenge with great enthusiasm. He visited Sheffield to carry out the designs and studied the building from across the valley. Unfortunately the designs were never carried out. Sheffield has many brick murals and wall art throughout the city, including Steelworker by Paul Waplington and the Vultures by Ric Bingham.
The brain as an organ of the mind / by H Charlton Bastian :: Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology, philosophy, and science; periodicals and serials)
Home Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology,... The brain as an organ of the mind / by H Charlton Bastian
Memoirs of the life, writings, and discoveries of Sir Isaac Newton / by Sir David Brewster :: Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology, philosophy, and science; periodicals and serials)
Home Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology,... Memoirs of the life, writings, and discoveries of Sir Isaac Newton / by Sir David Brewster
Add tags for Memoirs of the life, writings, and discoveries of Sir Isaac Newton / by Sir David Brewster
Post a Comment for Memoirs of the life, writings, and discoveries of Sir Isaac Newton / by Sir David Brewster
The School Survey of Interpersonal Relationships :: Tests (personality, intelligence, achievement, vocational tests from the history of psychology)
Home Tests (personality, intelligence, achievement, vocational tests from the history of psychology) The School Survey of Interpersonal Relationships
Just in case you hadn't seen this yet. Not cheap - $60 for the kit, but that's all three variants and funky new vibe for your favourite MBT.
Arts, Theater, Diversity Related, Student Affairs, STEM / Dance, Drama, and Film, Mathematics, Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, Unity House, LGBTQ+
Join the Office of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, oSTEM, and the Department of Mathematics and Statistics for a trip to the CATCO Theatre in Columbus,]. ...
Please join us for a performance of opera and music theater scenes set in Italy and directed by Jennifer Marcellana, adjunct instructor of voice, with...
In commemoration of the hundredth anniversary of the end of World War I on Nov. 11, 1918, and complementing Associate Professor of Italian Patricia Richards'...
Failure of Tusla to acknowledge child protection complaints from Oberstown Youth Detention Campus raised with Minister - Denise Mitchell TD
Sinn Féin Spokesperson for Children and Youth Affairs Dense Mitchell TD has raised concerns with Minister Katherine Zappone over failures of Tusla to acknowledge receipt of child protection complaints from Oberstown Youth Detention Campus.
Speaking at the Children and Youth Affairs Committee on Wednesday, where HIQA’s 2017 Inspection Report was discussed, Deputy Mitchell said:
“There is an issue raised in the Inspection Report about the reporting of child protection incidents and complaints, in particular the fact that Tusla did not acknowledge receipt of three formal reports from the Designated Liaison Person (DLP) at Oberstown.
“That is very concerning to me. I would have assumed the Child & Family Agency would have considered any reports to Tusla from Oberstown to be highly important and of high priority, but for some of them to not have even been acknowledged is extremely concerning.”
“I welcome the commitment given by the Minister to raise this issue with Tusla. With the introduction of mandatory reporting in recent weeks, Tusla will likely see a significant increase in its workload. It is of the utmost importance that Tusla has the capacity and resources to deal with this increased workload in a timely and efficient manner.”
We use cookies to give the best experience on our site. By continuing to browse our site, you agree to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time. View our privacy policy
Matt is married to Lynn and they have four young children. He lives in Carrickmacross, County Monaghan having spent much of his childhood in Co. Roscommon.
Matt wants to be a fresh voice in Europe for the Midlands, North, West constituency. He believes the EU parliament should not be seen as a retirement home for former TDs but rather as a platform to stand up for the Irish people.
“I am there to defend Irish interests. I am opposed to austerity and to handing more power to the EU” he says.
As someone who was born in England to Irish emigrant parents Matt knows the devastation being caused by emigration. He understands the needs of rural Ireland and will demand that resources are delivered fairly to regions most in need of support and that agriculture is recognised as central to the development of local economies.
Securing increased investment from the European Investment Bank in job creation will be a priority for Matt.
Carthy outlines how new trade deal could make Fracking more likely in rural Ireland20 February, 2015
Latest Draghi letter highlights the need for those in power to be held to account - Carthy19 February, 2015
Actions of tobacco companies should serve as wake up call to dangers of TTIP – Carthy17 February, 2015
(NEW JERSEY, Estados Unidos).- Una abogada de origen dominicana, juró como jueza en la Corte Municipal de la ciudad de Newark, en Nueva Jersey.
Clay has been used, decorated, coveted, and collected for thousands of years, yet in the hands of contemporary artists this irresistible medium continues to surprise through innovative techniques, forms, and functions. See what happens when makers push the boundaries of time-honored craft materials–right before our eyes, something old is new again.
Transformation 8: Contemporary Works in Small Metals is the 2011 edition of the Elizabeth R. Raphael Founder’s Prize series, which recognizes excellence in the field of contemporary craft. This series was inaugurated in 1997 in honor of Elizabeth Rockwell Raphael, founder of the Society for Contemporary Craft and a longtime figure on the national craft scene. We are deeply grateful to Elizabeth Raphael’s daughters —Alexandra, Cathy and Margaret — for suggesting and funding this important prize in honor of their mother.
Transformation 10: Contemporary Works in Found Materials, The Elizabeth R. Raphael Founder’s Prize Exhibition features 26 national and international artists who have been selected as finalists for the 2017 Elizabeth R. Raphael Founder’s Prize. Transformation 10 will showcase newly created, innovative artworks that incorporate found materials in unexpected ways and challenge notions about commonplace objects, found materials, and contemporary art for personal and global narratives, expressions, and aesthetics.
Master of Fine Art graduate Stephanie Lind at the Heartwood College of Art, Biddeford, Maine presents works in metal and wood that represent the culmination of a five-year long residency degree program that emphasizes extensive creative exploration. The exhibition highlights and celebrates the artist’s exceptional creativity, curiosity, and inventiveness.
Featuring a selection of vibrant tin quilts by Pittsburgh artist Kim Fox, Handwork recognizes the influence, the patterns and the landscapes of Pennsylvania. With a focus on organic themes of birds, bees, and the idea of home and place, Fox creates vintage tin and salvaged wood ‘quilts’ that combine images reminiscent of traditional quilt patterns and the ideals that they represent.
Description M'Goldrick not running three shifts at mill. - "The McGoldrick Lumber company is operating two shifts a day in its Spokane mill instead of three as reported" stated J. P. McGoldrick, president of the company, Wednesday upon his return from a trip to the coast.
Description A young woman poses for a three-quarter length portrait at Matsura's studio. The photographs showcase her fur muff, tailored jacket and flowered, wide-brimmed hat. She also wears elbow length gloves.
Rights Notes No known copyright. Item went into public domain 70 years after the 1913 death of the author.
Format Original photographic prints were scanned as 300 dpi TIFF files on a Microtek 9600XL scanner. 72 dpi JPEG files were then added to the CONTENT database at the WSU Libraries.
COLFAX, Wash., Dec. 31.—The funeral of General H. W. Livingston, Colfax pioneer and Civil war veteran, was held today from the Bruning chapel with an overflow gathering.
Songs were sung by Robert McCroskey and W. S. Smith with prayer by the Rev. F. O. Wyatt at the chapel and grave. Addresses were given by Superior Judge R. L. McCroskey and Charles Voorhees. "While General Livingston lived a comparatively lonely life, I had never seen him depressed," said Mr.
Voorhees. "His greeting was a smile and a cheer. Although he had a keen sense of humor, he seldom talked about his neighbors and if he could
"He gave away much, but never cared to parade his giving. He gave to colleges, to libraries, to churches, to communities and to individuals. He was fond of history, philosophy and literature and companioned with the great minds living and dead, with Shakespeare as his favorite author. His favorite poem was, "Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?"
The flag-draped coffin was accompanied to the grave by the French-Codd post of the American legion and was given a military burial. Pallbearers were Henry Hickman, George Cornelius, Dolph Coolidge, John Bloom, William Dalley and Arthur Marion.
Full-Text COLFAX PIONEER IS LAID AT REST Chapel Filled to Overflowing at Funeral of H. W. Livingston, GIVEN MILITARY BURIAL Body Accompanied to Grave by Members of Codd-French Post, American Legion. COLFAX, Wash., Dec. 31.—The funeral of General H. W. Livingston, Colfax pioneer and Civil war veteran, was held today from the Bruning chapel with an overflow gathering. Songs were sung by Robert McCroskey and W. S. Smith with prayer by the Rev. F. O. Wyatt at the chapel and grave. Addresses were given by Superior Judge R. L. McCroskey and Charles Voorhees. "While General Livingston lived a comparatively lonely life, I had never seen him depressed," said Mr. Voorhees. "His greeting was a smile and a cheer. Although he had a keen sense of humor, he seldom talked about his neighbors and if he could not say anything pleasant about them he said nothing. "He gave away much, but never cared to parade his giving. He gave to colleges, to libraries, to churches, to communities and to individuals. He was fond of history, philosophy and literature and companioned with the great minds living and dead, with Shakespeare as his favorite author. His favorite poem was, "Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?" The flag-draped coffin was accompanied to the grave by the French-Codd post of the American legion and was given a military burial. Pallbearers were Henry Hickman, George Cornelius, Dolph Coolidge, John Bloom, William Dalley and Arthur Marion.
Description Washington State University's faculty/staff newspapers were published by the university, under various titles, to distribute information to employees about campus news and events.
Digitization Original issues were scanned as color 300 dpi pdfs on a Ricoh Aficio MP 4002 scanner and OCRed using Adobe Acrobat X before being uploaded into CONTENTdm.
Find Florida Vacation Rentals, Waterfront Homes, Villas and Places To Stay for your next Island Vacation. We are a leading vacation rental web site offering a wide selection of beachfront vacation home rentals, condos, beach cottages, guest house rentals, rentals by owner and resorts for the Florida area.
Advertise your villa or vacation rental home in this Directory to obtain more clients! Learn More...
We have chosen to partner with Booking.com to offer travelers the best choices for vacation properties
Property Manager for your Vacation Home - Do you need to find a Management Company to rent out your vacation home?
Play responsibly. 2018 © Buranonlinecasino.com All rights reserved. Licence Validator, E-Gaming licence number No. 8048/JAZ
It’s hard to imagine Liberty without the Corner Bar, but it happened. A long time ago. The land that the…
Our personal trainer told us that with the weather getting warmer we should start focussing on our muscles again.. so naturally our minds automatically went to the edible variety. Get in each and every Tuesday for a midweek seafood party. See the food.. Eat the food. Easy.
There’ll be local black shell mussels by the half or whole kilo with your choice of tomato, chilli and basil or white wine, garlic, parsley and cream – half $15, whole $25. All served with chips, leafy greens and crusty baguette!
“We are only human, we can't win against these creatures. We just can fight to protect survivals. That's my work. I go outside to help humanity...”
My budget is Rs. --- Select budget --- What's free ? less than 9 10 to 99 100 to 499 more than 500 I'll pay what it takes !
Our professional testing teams skillfully tune the data stores underlying applications i.e. databases, LDAP servers and web servers. We provide cutting-edge testing services for applications that are stand-alone, client/server or web-based. We have set up numerous automated and interactive regression test environments, which ensure that the future releases of the application will be of superior quality and will be delivered as per schedule. Posted ID-julb215
3/ Clickadlink India Free classifieds is not involved in any transaction, and does not handle payments, guarantee transactions, or offer "buyer protection" or "seller certification".
Family is one of the few things that make life meaningful and gives one a sense of belonging. Almost every person gets affected if something is to happen to the family he or she holds dear. Thus, to have an expert work with you at the event that your family suffers loss or is going through legal issues, you need to hire a family lawyer right away. Finding a good family law expert should not be a hard thing if you use the following tips.
As showed earlier a family lawyer is an expert in family law. Thus, you need to make sure you to hire a lawyer with a law degree from a credible institution and who specializes in family law. This is important because a corporate lawyer is not very conversant with family law thus, cannot deal with family issues. Issues like divorce are very emotional and demanding to deal with thus requires an expert in family law. Family law solicitors Brisbane provide the best service for legal issues affecting families.
In any business reputation is an important factor to look at for selection. The same applies to law industry, a good lawyer must have a good reputation. A good reputation does not mean winning all case but considers attributes as trustworthiness, honesty among other good traits that a person can have. Therefore, you need to hire a lawyer with a straightforward strategy and hardworking. You need not get yourself involved with lawyers are not straightforward in their dealings. The best way to find criminal law firms Brisbane with a good reputation is through using referrals from people you know and have your best interest in their hearts.
You should consider the cost of hiring a criminal or a family lawyer before you hire one to avoid getting frustrated. Once you have considered your finances, you will be in a better position to choose a lawyer you can afford. People go for the most expensive lawyer in town but this should not give you any headache if you do not lots of money to spend on lawyers. There are lawyers out there who are less expensive and are also effective. The good thing about having a family lawyer on your retainer is that you will save money over the long run. Therefore, hire a good lawyer.
Most successful families and individuals have personal lawyers at their disposal. This shows that having a lawyer is integral to becoming successful in that one does not waste a lot of time dealing with issues that are better sorted out by lawyers.
garden center boston volunteers at the farm because shes really interested mahoneys garden center boston post road wayland ma.
Identification and initial response to children’s exposure to intimate partner violence: a qualitative synthesis of the perspectives of children, mothers and professionals
Co-applicant: Identification and Referral to Improve Safety (IRIS): Improving the response to domestic violence and abuse
Co-applicant: Implementation and evaluation of a research-based guide for NHS boards to develop their quality improvement (QI) strategies (iQUASER)
Researcher: Identification and Referral to Improve Safety (IRIS): Improving the response to domestic violence and abuse
Researcher: Implementation and evaluation of a research-based guide for NHS boards to develop their quality improvement (QI) strategies (iQUASER)
Principal Investigator: Innovations to improve care for people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
Deputy Theme Lead: Methodological Innovations Principal Investigator: Service users as a source of intelligence on priorities, outcomes and experience
Research Fellow: Identification and Referral to Improve Safety (IRIS): Improving the response to domestic violence and abuse
NIHR CLAHRC North Thames conducts ground-breaking research that directly impacts the health of patients with long term conditions and the health of the public.
Car accidents are a frequent occurrence on today’s busy roads. Accidents of this type can both stressful and time consuming to sort out so it’s important to appoint the right legal representive. We operate a No Win No Fee service and can arrange everything from replacement vehicle to compensation and rehabilitation.
Our job as your conveyancing solicitor is to oversee the legal process in either the sale or purchase of your property. Our experienced team of property solicitors will take the stress out of the transaction allowing you to concentrate on the more important things in like moving home.
Do you know where to turn in the event of accident at work? Your employer has a duty of care to provide you with a safe environment to work in. If you have been involved in an accident at work through no fault of your own, then our legal team are here to help. We can assess your work accident and advise you of both your rights as an employee and any compensation that you may be entitled to.
Being negelected over a medical concern or treatment can leave you feeling alone, we’re here to fight for your rights and compensation is something you can receive to help compensate for your treatments and concerns being miss handled
Has the property you occupy made you or someone in your household unwell? Damp properties can cause damage to your belongings but most off all can lead to serious health problems. Don’t delay contact our housing disrepair department today.
Have you been sold insurance alongside your credit card, accounts or mortgage? Claims Leeds can help you claim back your miss sold payment protect insurance, don’t delay contact our payment protection department today.
If you have been diagnosed with an industrial disease, or suffer with a condition that has been caused by your work, you may be eligible to claim compensation. Contact our Industrial Disease Department today
What starts out as a simple shopping trip can sometimes end up in a local accident and emergency department. Slip trip or fall accidents are one of the most common types of accidents and can lead to serious injuries such as back problems, paralysis, broken bones and head injuries. If you have slipped or tripped through no fault of your own, then contact us today to find our if you have a claim for compensation.
Are you looking for help and advice in relation to family law? We understand family law can be a sensitive and difficult area to negotiate. We have a wealth of experience in this area and in most cases will offer a free no obligation phone call.
Liposuction is very popular and often has desirable results. However, an inexperienced surgeon or poor aftercare can cause you many issues with your procedure. You may find that you suffer from scarring, contour irregularities, looseness and fat necrosis. There are also some serious complications which may occur such as infection or damage to internal organs.
If you have been the victim of someone else’s professional negligence then contact us now using our live chat feature or call us on 0113 322 9171 for FREE expert advice.
No Win No Fee arrangements (or Conditional Fee Arrangements; CFAs) ensure that if you do not win your accident claim, you do not have to pay your solicitor a fee. Insurance will cover you against the other side’s costs and expenses. If you win your no win no fee claim, you should receive your compensation free of any deductions, as your solicitor’s costs should be paid by the other side.
Dealing with sensitive claims on a daily basis and giving clients respect at these difficult times is crucial to understanding the mechanics of a successful claim.
Alternatively drop us an email with a brief description of your claim and we will get back to you within 30 minutes..
Have you been involved in a Road traffic accident that wasn’t your fault, find out more about how we can help.
Have you been the victim of medical negligence? If you have, then we may be able to help you with a claim for compensation.
Do you have problems at work, need help with a work related issue? We can assist you with all your employment problems.
Have you been diagnosed with an industrial disease? Do you suffer from a condition that has been caused by work? We can help, get in touch today!
Support yourself and deal with your enthusiasm by beginning your own web marketing for legal representatives. You ought to critically look at your ability, pastimes and skills to assist you in selecting the best organisation to start. Prior to starting the website consulting for lawyers, make certain you have got a marketing technique. If you are in need of some useful suggestions on getting going, consider finding out more.
Reaching a web marketing for attorneys goal is cause for celebration, however don't get overly positive. The very best services are constantly planning for new growth and heftier objectives. As you strive for success, make definitely sure to stay concentrated and committed to your SEO and web design for attorneys. If you intend on struggling through bumpy rides, be willing to adjust and enhance from recommendation.
Google continues to collaborate with user-friendly websites to provide an engaging experience. This is where Google and web analytics converge. If your website shows a heavy bounce rate, this might indicate a need to improve your website. Web analytics will help you monitor your incoming traffic and if it declines, you may need to improve how you position your website. SEO Trends: How to Rank Higher on Google
The most successful web marketing for lawyers leaders will inform you that the very best method to learn exactly what you need to understand to excel in organisation is through useful real-world work experience. Should you actually wish to become more understanding about the site consulting for lawyers world, many professionals declare that the best way to find out is through personal experience. Any knowledge and experience you get on the job will assist you operate your very own successful company. With respect to developing web marketing for lawyers skills, your daily work will serve you far much better than anything that you could gain from a composed page.
Aside from https://www.google.com/maps/place/OneSEOCompany+%F0%9F%8F%86/@32.976225,-96.710436,17z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0xa07169cc8cbe743e!8m2!3d32.9762249!4d-96.7104358?hl=en-US , leave a comment and review section on your sites where previous customers can post evaluations. Your primary goal is supplying exceptional client service and remarkable assistance, so collecting favorable reviews will much better serve that objective. When you ask consumers their viewpoints, they're typically happy and they'll gladly react to it. If you want to motivate them to respond with their feedback, you ought to think about offering discounts to customers who do.
A comprehensive, well-designed website will probably be advantageous for your web marketing for lawyers. There are expert website designers accessible to make a dazzling site for you on the occasion that you're not able to do it, or lack the time. Things like design templates and images can go a long way, and will add professionalism and attract your site. Many entrepreneur think that their site is not actually a priority, however given that the majority of consumers acquire their information online it's important to a growing site consulting for lawyers.
When you have a web marketing for legal representatives, constantly seek for brand-new success and fresh expansions. Visualizing your service as a leader in your market is among the vital ways of actually reaching that point. Whenever you meet among your objectives, be specific to change it with one that's a little more ambitious; this simple method can assist you achieve your dreams. If you do not plan to put the work into your SEO and website design for lawyers, and you aren't comfy setting your goals high, then you might wish to reevaluate having your very own site consulting for legal representatives.
BTW, I'm going out during the weekend, so, I won't be able to visit the forum until like sunday or monday.
The highest non-combat reward of the BiA clan. Awarded for special merits in the development of the clan, recruit training, administrative activities and most work for the good of the clan
plz add spid to IoW team, i am not sure if we can also get that very last spot filled as most people are busy in the coming time.
Hold on, thats how this works? I tought it was each player for themselves. If people from the same clan share points, they won't be able to play against eachother.
yea its every man for themselves. The clan invites is just a gimmick and an excuse to make the cool invite graphics.
The point is more that each clan picks the players who will represent it best. Of course, there is the possibility of collusion, but its not too important.
ok- don't add for 1vs1 more cohs than Terminator. Rest of us don't have time for huge scale 1vs1 tourney.
Alright. There WILL be a signature for the clan w/ the most wins, but it doesnt factor into which individual players make the finals.
This boy is getting the peculiar treatment from the 2 of 'em and it merely takes a not many greater quantity minutes of this intense jerking previous to he explodes his own rich cream
I enjoys swimming, theatre and travel.I am extremely feminine with perfect curves and the charm to please a gentleman.
My photos are barely retouched.hello gentshello guys my name is Denisa i am here and wait your phone if want to have a good time with me escort real sweet call me for more details i will do oral sex normal
Hello there I am Tipsy! Tipsy Jones! Call me at -- I am fun, inviting, sensual and exciting!!!I'd enjoy some time with you!! ??I love to create sexy and naughty memories for my selected few suitorsLets have some fun!!
Privacy Policy | 18 USC 2257 | DMCA | Proudly powered by WordPress. Theme: Coraline by WordPress.com.
Even though they’ve just come off a match that lasted over two hours and four sets, and resulted in an overall loss, FGCU volleyball freshmen, Dana Axner and Chelsey Lockey, are all smiles.
The two girls stayed at Alico Arena, long after their Friday night game ended, for a promotional event that allowed fans to meet the players and join them for a slice of pizza.
“We’re technically not even allowed to touch the pizza until everyone else leaves,” Axner said through a laugh. Both agreed that they didn’t mind waiting to eat, and they certainly seemed to be enjoying the atmosphere regardless — possibly because this was an unfamiliar event to the girls, who are both first-year student athletes at FGCU.
Though Axner and Lockey are new to FGCU, neither one has had much trouble adjusting to spending all of their time with teammates. Axner is the youngest of six siblings – two of whom are sisters who played volleyball on the collegiate level. Lockey and her older sister often practiced in their backyard before going to club volleyball games as teammates in grade school.
This isn’t to say that the girls have sibling rivalries over who’s the best at the sport, however. For Lockey, her sister Kortney is part of the reason she continued to play volleyball on a collegiate level.
“I’ve just always followed in her footsteps and looked up to her and used her as a role model,” Lockey said of her sister, who currently plays at the University of Northern Colorado. “Even though we play different positions, it was still just her mindset and attitude that just really encouraged me and made me want to do my best.”
While Lockey looks up to her sister, Axner finds inspiration in her faith. Axner, who described herself as fairly religious, says that she finds comfort in believing in God.
“For me, it just really keeps me calm to know that He’s always there,” Axner said. “He gave me these gifts, so I might as well use them on the court.”
Regardless of being able to rely on her faith to keep her confident on the court, Axner noted that it hadn’t been that easy growing into the collegiate athlete she is today.
After being cut from her club team shortly before her freshman year of high school, Axner said that she lacked the confidence needed to continue playing volleyball. She almost quit completely and instead focused on basketball, which she was also playing at the time. However, she tried out for her high school volleyball team simply because she felt like she had to. This ended up being a blessing, Axner said, because it was the reason she fell back in love with volleyball.
“I don’t even think they cut anyone, so it didn’t really boost my self-esteem,” Axner said with a laugh. “But my coach gave me a lot of confidence, and I honestly give her so much credit for that.”
Axner and Lockey both also agreed that one of the hardest challenges they’ve faced so far is finding ways to preserve their love for the game. Both girls had gone through points in their life where they had considered quitting. For Axner, it was getting cut from her club team that almost convinced her she wasn’t good enough. In Lockey’s case, volleyball started to become more of a chore than a fun hobby.
According to Lockey, volleyball is a year-round job. Between playing with a traveling club team and her high school’s team, Lockey said that it can be overwhelming at times. So much so that, similarly to Axner, Lockey considered quitting volleyball for a different sport entirely: track.
Lockey said that she went through phases of hating volleyball and liking track during track season, but would fall back in love with volleyball once that season rolled around. For both girls, it was a challenge to remain loyal to the sport they love, but the end result was more than worth it.
“It was hard,” Axner agreed with Lockey. “But now that I’m here I realize that I’m so happy for putting in all the work over the years and getting past everything.”
Statistically speaking, the record books further prove Axner’s point that the girls’ hard work has paid off. Regardless of being an Eagle for less than one full season, Axner already holds the Division-I era program single-match record of 39 digs from her performance against West Virginia University on September 8th. She was also named the ASUN Defensive Player of the Week award for the week of September 11th, and has already been named the ASUN Freshman of the Week twice.
Axner was named to the All-Lobo Classic team and the All-Homewood Suites Fort Myers/FGCU Classic team, the All-Lobo Classic was her second-ever collegiate tournament.
Lockey has had an equally as impressive start to her collegiate career, earning ASUN Freshman of the Week honors for the week of September 24th and logging impressive career-high stats, such as 12 digs against Yale and, most recently, 19 assists to aid the Eagles in a big win over Lipscomb University this past weekend.
The girls’ hard work as athletes is far from over. With signing a contract as a student athlete comes the challenge of balancing a college education with a collegiate sporting career.
For the volleyball team, their day starts at 7 a.m., with a morning workout three days a week. Following workouts, the girls go their separate ways to classes and meet up later in the afternoon for their daily, three-hour team practices. Then, those who still need to log study hours head to the study hall in Alico Arena. Many freshmen, including Axner and Lockey, are required by the athletics department to log eight study hours a week.
“Even when we have travel trips, we still have study hall in the hotels while we’re away.” Lockey noted, while Axner chimed in that her life consisted of “either playing volleyball or studying, always.”
All complaining aside, the girls agreed that the studying is paying off, as it helps them move toward their eventual career goal of becoming educators.
Axner, a secondary math major, says that she intends to become a high school math teacher, though she may follow in her father’s footsteps further on in her career and try to climb to a superintendent position. Lockey knows she wants to teach a first grade class, but both also agreed that they could see the possibility of coaching volleyball in their futures as well.
Though they continue to have long days that, even after working harder than they ever had before, sometimes result in tough losses, Axner and Lockey both remain energetic and eager to continue their collegiate careers.
“It’s definitely super new, and it can be overwhelming at times,” Lockey said of the whole process. “But I feel like the [FGCU] volleyball team has made it really easy for us to adjust coming from high school into college.”
Axner and Serrano receive final Player of the Week honors eaglenews.org/sports/axner-a… #FGCUathletics #Volleyball #FGCU https://t.co/3U9KDaMnO9
Men’s basketball defeats Southeastern 81-54 in home openereaglenews.org/sports/mens-ba…0V#MBBB#FGCUC#FGCUathleticscs https://t.co/ZulIWLTNfS
The FGCU men's basketball team defeats Southeastern University 81-54. #FGCUAthletics #FGCUBasketball #DunkCity https://t.co/Gnnm3M24yu
Eagle News, the student media group at Florida Gulf Coast University, represents the diverse voices on campus with fairness. We select content for our publication and our website that is relevant to the student body, faculty and staff. Members are committed to reporting with accuracy and truth. Our purpose is to encourage conversations about issues that concern the on-campus community. Eagle News views every culture with equal respect and believes every person must be treated with dignity.
BTW, my apologies to all my 70+ members if I just made you feel ancient. I just mean in terms of NUMBERS - as I said, in IMPORTANT ways, it's not...
I'm just going to report what I put on Glenn Frey Online: Today would have been Glenn's 70th birthday. It's hard to wrap one's head around that. ...
I agree with you. I find this song to be an epic, sweeping, cinematic piece that shows real genius. Perhaps it doesn't "fit in" to what an Eagles...
Well I don't think I will have a hope of getting this in Ireland but could someone please post a link if there is one just in case. Thanks. Enjoy...
There's so many of them... it's hard to rank them... and things change. But here's what I feel like today! 1. What Do I Do with My Heart 2....
Interesting.... that's "Road to Forever" and yet that video looks to be Hell Freezes Over era. I guess that song has been percolating a while!
I'm so sorry your thread got deleted! We lost about six weeks' worth of posts and yes, any members who joined during that time also got lost,...
LOL! I've never heard of J.S. Ondara. I'll have to listen to a couple songs before my concert so I don't come off as completely clueless.
A simple and extensible hypertext system which subscribes to the wiki philosophy and is written in REBOL. It can be used as an idea store, as idea interconnector, as competitive monitoring tool, as todo list, as centrally administered contact database and as blogging tool - generally, it's eays to put ideas, concepts, people and entitities in relation to each other with vanilla. Vanilla is a thought-flexibilitizer.
A simple XML-RPC to POP3 gateway, closely mapping POP3 actions to XML-RPC callable methods. xr2pop features a XML-RPC to POP3 API specification and a sample implementation of this spec in Ruby.
https://ehasher.com/?ref=bakster review | is https://ehasher still paying ? | https://ehasher scam or not ? | Status of https://ehasher.com/?ref=bakster
Horse-lover's haven: Riding high with the dashing gauchos of Golega in Portugal at their annual 10-day equine festival The equine town of Golega boasts of being the
"It's been a while. From geniuses to artificial curtains to ancient rooms, filled with wires, screens and remainings from past days. This piece has been an itch inside my head, leaving me restless for almost 5 weeks. From now on things will feel different. Right now words fail me. They fall short and are lagging behind the great feeling of finishing something or the uncertainties of days to come. Maybe the guy or girl living in that room together with the cat has these thoughts, too."
Posted: Mon Nov 26, 2012 4:17 am Post subject: This Sexy Wrestling Babe Doesn't Believe in Fair Fights!
If your last confession wasn’t very good, you might want to be careful about receiving the Holy Eucharist. When i say “wasn’t good”, i mean, if you willfully withheld a mortal sin, you’ve not been restored in grace. You need to see a priest, rectify the problem then you can joyfully receive Jesus. However, if you are scared of venial sins, even unconfessed ones, you needn’t stay away from Jesus. When you pray, God forgives your venial sins. Even though the Church exhorts you to confess them in order that your sense of sin might be stronger causing you to avoid graver offenses with a little more ease. However, venial sins cannot deter one from receiving.
Part of your sunday obligation is attending Mass; and coming to it on time. If you willfully come late to Mass, you do not fulfill your obligation properly. What i normally advise is: If you run late for an early morning mass, wait for the next. However, if you are late for a good reason such as health or some other unavoidable issue, it’s then okay to receive.
It is important to examine oneself to be conscious of Jesus whenever we want to receive. DO NOT LOSE SIGHT OF HIM. Do not approach the altar because you want to be seen, or you want to “appear”. Come to Jesus because your heart calls out to him. Whenever you receive Jesus, let it be out of love and devotion.
“As Catholics, we fully participate in the celebration of the Eucharist when we receive Holy Communion. We are encouraged to receive Communion devoutly and frequently. In order to be properly disposed to receive Communion, participants should not be conscious of grave sin and normally should have fasted for one hour. A person who is conscious of grave sin is not to receive the Body and Blood of the Lord without prior sacramental confession except for a grave reason where there is no opportunity for confession. In this case, the person is to be mindful of the obligation to make an act of perfect contrition, including the intention of confessing as soon as possible (canon 916). A frequent reception of the Sacrament of Penance is encouraged for all.”
To our beloved Catholics, the Catholic Mobile Radio project is a big project that requires a lot of money for proper set up. And so we are calling on concerned Catholics to contribute to the establishment of the project.
(a) Rent an office facility in Lagos to cater for recording studio, training and empowerment facility, Chapel, Catholic store and any other things.
(b) Expand the reach of the radio by advertising the mobile apps online, in parish bulletins, in event brochures so that more people can have access to it. Our target is to have 1 Million catholics from across the country download and listen to the radio by June 30, 2020.
(c) Produce catholic short films and upload on Youtube. This will engage the vast creative talents in the Catholic Church.
(e) Build other online platforms like the Catholic Music project where our teeming Catholics who can sing will make money from their Catholic songs., the first Catholic e-commerce platform in Nigeria
If you support this project through your monthly donation for one year, you will enjoy these benefits.
(b) We will book special masses for your intentions every month so that God will give your intentions special attention.
(c) We will provide you or your business or your talent free publicity through all our growing platforms (twitter, instagram, facebook, and the radio). This will bring huge returns to your craft/business even more than you donate to us.
(d) You will have access to our trainings and high premium materials and other services free of charge or at a very reduced fee
(e) You will be given a premium certificate/award of support at the end of the year for your contributions.
Use the links below to contribute your widows might to the work of God and evangelization of the Gospel and the empowerment of God’s people. For supporting this project,you are contributing to winning souls for God almighty and God will bless and replenish your purse in thousand folds.
Auxiliary Bishops Robert J. Brennan and Nelson J. Perez of Rockville Centre, N.Y., smile as they process from St. Agnes Cathedral in Rockville Centre following their episcopal ordination July 25. Bishop Brennan, 50, is the vicar general of Rockville Centre. (CNS photo/Gregory A. Shemitz, Long Island Catholic)
ROCKVILLE CENTRE, N.Y. (CNS) — At a joy-filled liturgy rich in symbolic tradition, the Diocese of Rockville Centre’s two newest auxiliary bishops were ordained at St. Agnes Cathedral in Rockville Centre July 25.
Introducing Bishops Nelson J. Perez and Robert J. Brennan, Bishop William F. Murphy, who heads the diocese, instructed the congregation to “see in these two priests the successors of the first apostles.”
The cathedral was filled with members of the Perez and Brennan families, friends and co-workers, along with close to 200 priests and deacons from the Rockville Centre Diocese, where Bishop Brennan is vicar general and a pastor, and the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, which is Bishop Perez’s home archdiocese.
At the altar with Bishop Murphy were co-consecrators, Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput and Auxiliary Bishop Paul H. Walsh of Rockville Centre; two cardinals and dozens of other bishops.
Following ancient tradition, Bishop Murphy laid his hands on his new auxiliaries’ heads, conferring the power of the Holy Spirit. In a show of collegiality, each of the other bishops in attendance followed suit.
Bishop Murphy also anointed each new bishop with holy oil and gave them the symbols of episcopal office — the ring, miter and crosier. When this was finished, Bishop Murphy led the two new bishops to the chairs on either side of him, joining them with the other concelebrating bishops. As they turned to face the congregation, Bishops Perez and Brennan were greeted with sustained applause.
“I thank our loving God for the gift of calling me to serve Him as a priest and in this new role,” he said, also thanking the bishops and cardinals and priests at the ordination. He introduced his family, which included his parents, Emma and David; his brother Martin and Martin’s wife, Rosie; his nephews David, Martin and Michael, “and my brother David, who shares this moment from heaven.”
“To all the people of this great diocese, thank you for your warm welcome, especially to all who have worked so hard to make this such a faith-filled and joyful celebration. I am truly blessed to be now among you,” said Bishop Perez.
Bishop Brennan also expressed his gratitude and made a request: “Please, I ask your prayers. I ask you to pray that I might respond to this new call of the Lord — humbly, generously and joyfully.”
Joking that it would take too long to introduce his whole family, Bishop Brennan said, “I can say nothing better than that I am the son of Bob and Pat Brennan.”
When he said to Bishop Murphy that “Nelson and I are ready to get to work,” Bishop Murphy interrupted saying, “Good,” drawing laughter and applause from the congregation.
Cardinal Edward M. Egan, retired archbishop of New York, recalled Bishop Brennan’s days as secretary to his good friend, the late Rockville Centre Bishop James T. McHugh.
“I would come to see him, and the door was always answered by a young and wonderful priest (Bishop Brennan) who could not have served that bishop any better than if it was his own father.”
There were plenty of other stories about Bishops Perez and Brennan being shared by family, friends and others whose lives have been touched by them over the years.
“You are extremely lucky to have him,” said Kathy Gallagher, a parishioner at St. William Parish in Philadelphia, where Bishop Perez was pastor from 2002 to 2009. “He is a ‘doer.’ He gets things done,” she told The Long Island Catholic, Rockville Centre’s diocesan newspaper.
Born into a Berber family. Monk at Asturias, Spain. Monk at the double monastery of Tábanos. One of the first three martyrs of Cordoba, Spain, killed for their faith by order of the Moorish caliph.
Extensively updated home with great layout, 4 bedrooms, 3 full baths. West-coast style inspired residence located on a quiet street. This amazing house has been extensively renovated, updates include a new Gourmet Kitchen with radiant heat flooring, high end appliances, new flooring throughout the house, new windows, skylights and patio doors, Media room with built in speakers prewired for projector, approx 1200sqft of deck with hot tub, modern glass banister with stair lights, new entry and garage doors, Double RV parking with 2-50amp plug ins, and the list goes on! Private access to 3 shared tennis courts. Short walk to Beach Grove elementary and South Pointe Academy. Close to Tsawwassen Golf & Country Club, Tsawwassen Mills. More details
Well maintained family home in a great location! Bright and spacious formal living and dining rooms with vaulted ceilings! Large kitchen with adjacent eating area and cozy family room with fireplace and sliders out to huge covered back deck with hot tub and storage shed. Upstairs to a Huge Master featuring a large walk-in closet with lots of storage space plus a 5 pc ensuite with double sinks. Two ample sized bedrooms and bathroom complete the upper floor. Downstairs boasts a walk out basement with a 1 bedroom suite featuring a bright kitchen, built-in bar-style table, separate laundry, and sliders out to patio and private backyard. Great central location! Easy access to Lougheed Hwy, Port Mann bridge and Hwy 1. Close to Silver City Theatres, Superstore, IKEA + local shops & restaurants. More details
Quiet Neighbourhood! A short walk to Elementary & High School. Solid home offers 4 bedrooms, 3 baths, hardwood floors throughout main floor, large kitchen with oodles of cabinets & counter pace. Huge sundeck, large storage space below deck. Backyard sunny side exposure & back lane access. Basement offers large rec room with fireplace & wet bar. Laundry room with sink, cabinets & fridge. Good size guest bedroom. Parking space can accommodate 4 vehicles. Updates done approximately 10 yrs. ago are: kitchen, main bath & roof. More details
Amazing Location Just Steps from the Seymour River! This 1994 sqft 4 bedroom + den 3 bath home is located near hiking, shopping and swimming & fishing spots along the Seymour River. Why worry about travelling up & down the cut when you can eliminate it completely with this amazing location – just mins from Hwy 1 & the Ironworkers Bridge! Only one owner means bring your ideas – turn this family home, with it’s classic floor plan, into exactly what YOU want & have dreamed of – or keep the 70’s red shag, its up to you :) Private back yard on a 7250 sqft lot with lot dimensions of 58.5 X 125 ft. Hurry this deal won’t last in this fantastic neighbourhood! More details
The only brand new townhouse in Coquitlam West! The prestigous Black+Whites by Intracorp. Central location with public transit steps away, walking distance to skytrain, park, shops, library and recreation center closeby. Owners never live in the unit but keep it with extreme care. The unit features 4 bedrooms 3.5 baths, direct access to the main entrance, 9 ft ceiling, stainless appliances, laminated floor, open kitchen, higher ceiling in the master bedroom, side-by-side double garage with extra storage space plus extra upgrades from Developer: powder room on the main, ceiling light R/I in the living room, cable plug in the dinning room. Open House Sat. Nov. 10 12:30-1:30pm More details
Parklane home in popular Riverwood neighbourhood with RARE lane access and RV parking! This beautifully maintained 4 bedroom family home is situated on a quiet cul-de-sac! Fully reno'd kitchen with stainless steel appliances, quartz counters, undermount sink, tile backsplash, elegant cabinetry and custom island. Kitchen is open to cozy family room with fireplace and slider out to private back deck. Living room features 2nd fireplace and soaring 2-storey ceiling with lots of natural light. Upper floor has 4 bedrooms, spacious master with walk-in closet and large 4 pc ensuite including soaker tub & separate shower. Beautiful private deck & large fenced backyard with lane access and RV parking. Close to Terry Fox, Archbishop Carney, & shopping at Freemont village. Walk to the new 27 acre Blakeburn Lagoons Park! More details
Solid 5 bedroom family home in great central location! Main level features an oversized living room with cozy fireplace, large kitchen with lots of counter space, bedroom, den, 4 pc bathroom, mudroom plus storage space complete main floor. Upstairs with 3 bedrooms and 2 pc bathroom. Downstairs features a 1 bedroom and den suite with flex space and separate entry. Shared laundry and lots of storage space. Lane access with rear parking and Laneway Home potential. Roof Interlocking aluminum shingles, low maintenance vinyl siding, perimeter drain 15 years old. Plenty of room for a growing family. Walkable community! Centrally located close to shopping along Victoria Drive plus many neighbourhood schools and parks! Walk to Skytrain! More details
VIEWS! Welcome to this spacious 2,776 sqft 4 bed/2 bath home in quiet Cedar Hills! This extremely private home has tons of space for a growing family & is a one of a kind entertainers paradise! Upstairs, the kitchen has been beautifully updated with white cabinetry and subway tiles. Living & dining spaces are extended with a wall of floor to ceiling windows & HUGE deck to take in breathtaking Fraser River & City views year round. Large family room w/ cozy wood burning fireplace. MASTER ON MAIN plus 2 good sized bedrooms up. Great sep. entry Basement features 1 large bedroom, HUGE rec room & laundry room. Backyard & pool entertaining made incredibly convenient w/ mudroom entry and 3-pc bath also in bsmt. Truly a must see home for any lifestyle! OPEN HOUSE SAT NOV 17, 12-4 & SUN NOV 18, 12-4 More details
94' of frontage on a 9200 s.f. lot located on a quiet street in central Coquitlam just a short walk to schools, shopping, library, rec centre & Dogwood seniors complex. Build now or rent and hold with potential for future re-development. Original owners home offers 3 main floor bedrooms plus a basement which could be adapted to an in-law situation. Downstairs bathroom with rough-in for shower. Hardwood floors, metal roof, vinyl windows. Sauna/shower combo too. PRIME LOCATION. More details
Welcome to SUNRIDGE. This 3 bedroom townhouse is located in a quiet community in east Burnaby surrounded by green space. This home boasts over 2500 sqft of living space, a large walk out yard perfect for entertaining. Above there are 2 ensuite bathrooms and a den to use as an office space/play area. Below a huge rec room offers a large space for entertaining, a games room or his/her "cave". Close to all levels of school and transit this home has it all! More details
Finance expert Tamzin Nel stands in for Anthea this morning to explain how the budget will affect the majority of consumers. Mabale discusses the latest on Charlie Sheen, FIFA and even Jeremy Clarkson’s apology during the news. Then, Arye Kellman Skypes in from London to catch the team up on what went down at The Brit Awards.
Here at Clifton Down Dental Practice, we have lots of experience in treating nervous patients and use various techniques to help reduce anxiety including intravenous sedation.
Intravenous sedation involves administering a drug which makes you feel very relaxed and not fully aware of what is going on around you; however you will still be able to communicate with the dentist. Most people have little or no memory of the treatment afterwards.
You will require someone to take you home afterwards and should rest for approximately 12 hours after treatment.
Sedation is available for a variety of dental treatments and this can be discussed with your dentist, or any member of the Practice team, at your consultation appointment.
Galatians 3:28: There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free man, there is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
“JustUs” is a collaboration between Laura Solberg, director of The Elevation Project at Vancouver Youth Unlimited, and Andy Harrington, CEO of The Wellspring Foundation for Education. The Partnership has spawned a training curriculum and video series on why and how the youth of the church can practice justice in their communities and stems from a deep conviction the two share.
“I have had a heart for the marginalized since I was a child,” says Harrington, “though I have gone through quite an education (about justice) over the last ten years. I can’t help but see the world through that lens.” The roots of the partnership grew from a trip to Rwanda that both were on. They saw the Rwandan and Canadian young people come together and create friendships and working relationships regardless of upbringing or social class. From it sprung the notion that justice was more than just charity, and poverty was more than just a lack of money or resources.
“Poverty goes back to Genesis. When we broke with God all relationships became broken,” says Solberg. “It caused poverty in the four basic relationships: Relationship with God, with ourselves, with other people, and with the world.”
“If I have to pick a favorite video, I would have to say video 2 in which we break down the fact that we are all poor and broken,” adds Harrington. “Justice is about right relationships.”
The videos cover topics such as worldview, the role of media, and the heart of God for justice, and are suitable as well for church small groups and mission teams. The curriculum was initially written for youth leaders, but has been expanded and reaches Christians of all ages.
“We have to understand the whole gospel involves righteousness and justice,” says Harrington. “We are called to live rightly with God and each other. It’s not just about getting people across the line (of salvation). Young people innately understand that it’s not about shallow prayers and shallow faith. We are all in this together.”
“My goal for Christians and for this material is for people to go back to what the Bible actually says and to ask God what their place is in it,” says Solberg. “What did God intend with His Word? What is He saying to you?”
“Pursuing justice is the only thing in the world that makes sense for me. I couldn’t live without a framework for hope.”
The JustUs workshop is an excellent resource if you are looking to educate, inspire, or empower the youth and young adults of your church. Click HERE to see some of the options or by clicking HERE you can inquire further.
Every day around 93% of the world’s children under the age of 15 years (1.8 billion children) breathe air that is so polluted it puts their health and development at serious risk. Tragically, many of them die: WHO estimates that in 2016, 600,000 children died from acute lower respiratory infections caused by polluted air.
A new WHO report on Air pollution and child health: Prescribing clean air examines the heavy toll of both ambient (outside) and household air pollution on the health of the world’s children, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. The report is being launched on the eve of WHO’s first ever Global Conference on Air Pollution and Health.
It reveals that when pregnant women are exposed to polluted air, they are more likely to give birth prematurely, and have small, low birth-weight children. Air pollution also impacts neurodevelopment and cognitive ability and can trigger asthma, and childhood cancer. Children who have been exposed to high levels of air pollution may be at greater risk for chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease later in life.
“Polluted air is poisoning millions of children and ruining their lives,” says Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO Director-General. “This is inexcusable. Every child should be able to breathe clean air so they can grow and fulfil their full potential.”
One reason why children are particularly vulnerable to the effects of air pollution is that they breathe more rapidly than adults and so absorb more pollutants.
They also live closer to the ground, where some pollutants reach peak concentrations – at a time when their brains and bodies are still developing.
Newborns and young children are also more susceptible to household air pollution in homes that regularly use polluting fuels and technologies for cooking, heating and lighting
“Air Pollution is stunting our children’s brains, affecting their health in more ways than we suspected. But there are many straight-forward ways to reduce emissions of dangerous pollutants,” says Dr Maria Neira, Director, Department of Public Health, Environmental and Social Determinants of Health at WHO.
“WHO is supporting implementation of health-wise policy measures like accelerating the switch to clean cooking and heating fuels and technologies, promoting the use of cleaner transport, energy-efficient housing and urban planning. We are preparing the ground for low emission power generation, cleaner, safer industrial technologies and better municipal waste management, ” she added.
Air pollution affects neurodevelopment, leading to lower cognitive test outcomes, negatively affecting mental and motor development.
Globally, 93% of the world’s children under 15 years of age are exposed to ambient fine particulate matter (PM2.5) levels above WHO air quality guidelines, which include the 630 million of children under 5 years of age, and 1.8 billion of children under 15 years
In low- and middle-income countries around the world, 98% of all children under 5 are exposed to PM2.5 levels above WHO air quality guidelines. In comparison, in high-income countries, 52% of children under 5 are exposed to levels above WHO air quality guidelines.
More than 40% of the world’s population – which includes 1 billion children under 15 – is exposed to high levels of household air pollution from mainly cooking with polluting technologies and fuels.
About 600’000 deaths in children under 15 years of age were attributed to the joint effects of ambient and household air pollution in 2016.
Together, household air pollution from cooking and ambient (outside) air pollution cause more than 50% of acute lower respiratory infections in children under 5 years of age in low- and middle-income countries.
Air pollution is one of the leading threats to child health, accounting for almost 1 in 10 deaths in children under five years of age.
WHO’s First Global Conference on Air Pollution and Health, which opens in Geneva on Tuesday 30 October will provide the opportunity for world leaders; ministers of health, energy, and environment; mayors; heads of intergovernmental organizations; scientists and others to commit to act against this serious health threat, which shortens the lives of around 7 million people each year. Actions should include:
Action by the health sector to inform, educate, provide resources to health professionals, and engage in inter-sectoral policy making.
Implementation of policies to reduce air pollution: All countries should work towards meeting WHO global air quality guidelines to enhance the health and safety of children. To achieve this, governments should adopt such measures as reducing the over-dependence on fossil fuels in the global energy mix, investing in improvements in energy efficiency and facilitating the uptake of renewable energy sources. Better waste management can reduce the amount of waste that is burned within communities and thereby reducing ‘community air pollution’. The exclusive use of clean technologies and fuels for household cooking, heating and lighting activities can drastically improve the air quality within homes and in the surrounding community.
Steps to minimize children’s exposure to polluted air: Schools and playgrounds should be located away from major sources of air pollution like busy roads, factories and power plants.
Clinovo's team specializes in recruiting high-quality candidates that possess the necessary skillsets to fulfill their client needs within clinical trials. Clinovo has the infrastructure and capability to support our clients’ needs provided at clients location, as well as our off-site location in San Jose, CA, Princeton, NJ, and Hyderabad, India.
Clinovo's FSP model offers resourcing solutions that provides a specific functional service to clinical trial projects. Let us help scope the project with you and build the team to deliver on-time and on-budget. Rather than the individual contributor approach, the FSP model converts complex business processes into simpler activities with defined quality measurements. We work with you to build a functional team, with SOPs that fit within your environment (people, processes and systems) in order to drive effective and efficient outcomes.
Clinovo identifies, qualifies, and places employees to meet their client’s full time hiring needs. Clients are assured that the candidates have the necessary background and expertise to immediately handle assignments and projects.
Clinovo's FSP model offers resourcing solutions that provides a specific functional service to clinical trial projects. Rather than the individual contributor approach, the FSP model converts complex business processes into simpler activities with defined quality measurements. This strategy permits pharmaceutical companies to leverage their scale during pricing negotiations, and achieve cost efficiency as well as speed, reliability, scalability, and develop a single point of contact for the relationship. Under this model, the client may apply its internally-developed systems and procedures in order to maintain continuity and operational fidelity.
We provide fully screened applicants which includes steps for education and employment verification, background checks, reference checks, comprehensive skills assessments.
Clinovo is an approved vendor for the majority of Pharmaceutical and Medical Device companies in the San Francisco Bay Area and New Jersey Region. We have successfully placed professionals within Statistical and Clinical Programming, Clinical Data Management, Biostatistics, Clinical Operations, Drug Safety and Medical Writing. Our capabilities span all major therapeutic areas and phases and a full range of positions in the Biometrics and Clinical Operations areas.
Unfortunately I will be spending the day at work so my nails have to be appropriate for the office. I thought a subtle touch of glitter was apt for the occasion.
This is a polish you may recognise from my Korean Department Store haul. It's by the brand VDL and is part of the Guylian collection. This shade is called Sea Sand Cherry.
The picture on the site wasn't very clear so I wasn't entirely sure what to expect but the bottle contains a white polish packed full of tiny pink and orange specks of glitter, which blend to give a red appearance.
It's a very pretty polish, one which I absolutely love. I used two coats of this on top of a clear base coat. Next time I may try it over a soft pink creme but overall I'm very happy with this polish.
Happy birthday sweets! Sorry you have to work, that sucks on your special day! This polish is really different and I love the bottle xx
Happy Birthday - and sorry about having to work most of the day - but the polish you chose is super sweet :)
Happy birthday!! I hope you're having a great one - even though you're at work. That bottle of polish is just super cute!
Happy birthday! I hope you enjoy your weekend since your Friday was filled with work <3 Very lovely nails!
This polish is really pretty ! Do you know if there is any way to buy this brand online ? I found Koreadepart but the shipping is a bit expensive... Thank you !
I/O Controls is the foremost supplier of total integrated control and monitoring solutions for the transit industry, combining intelligent communication networking with advanced microprocessor and microcontroller design. With a fundamental commitment to service, I/O Controls is the industry leader with over 25 years of innovative technology contributions to more than 100,000 transit and school bus vehicles.
The DINEX™ Distributed Intelligent Network Control System is an intelligent network control system that efficiently and reliably interfaces with transit vehicles, high-speed trains, and delivery service vehicles.
I/O Controls is committed to delivering total solution systems integration by providing all hardware and software, along with support equipment and tools. Customized engineering and design services are available from facilities centrally located in Azusa, California.
aimer: clouddatabank.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. clouddatabank.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us at: [email protected] If you find inappropriate content.
Copy file xactengine2_1.dll to the installation directory of the program that is requesting xactengine2_1.dll.
If that doesn't work, you will have to copy xactengine2_1.dll to your system directory. By default, this is:
28+ [sailor jerry ship tattoo designs] | 25 best traditional sailor jerry tattoos designs and ideas, traditional school tattoos anchor ship pin, sailor jerry cobra custom, , sailor jerry ship zoeken sailor jerry
The eye can be analyzed with relative ease regarding both its function and its structure. A practical examination consists of the capability to relocate the orbit and the response of the pupil to light and lodging.
The function of the eye might be tested in several methods. The client might be asked to recognize illuminated letter or objects of varying sizes on what is called the Snellen chart.
On the other hand, the evaluation of the structural part of the eye might be made in numerous methods. Tension within the eyeball is measured by a "tonometer." In particular illness, especially in glaucoma, the tension in the eyeball is increased markedly.
However, it should be well bore in mind that a patient with an eye problem may have other problems also. Frequently other physical conditions are primary and impact the eye as a consequence. The appearance of the eye can alert the doctor and the patient to troubles in some disruptions of other parts of the body even prior to other symptoms provide themselves.
As a result, one's dependence on sight is emphasized when one deals with a momentary or possible permanent loss of this vital sense. Hence, when corrective steps are sought, certain forms of vision correction such as contact lenses or eyeglasses are recommended.
On the other hand, some people are troubled with that they have actually some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this reason, advanced surgical operations were established to motivate decreased utilization of contact lenses or glasses. Among which is the now popular LASIK eye surgical treatment.
Essentially, LASIK eye surgery is the short-term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its concrete counterpart, LASIK eye surgical treatment is another type of vision correction. The only difference is that with this type of surgical treatment, one's vision is fixed permanently.
With LASIK eye surgery, the refractive mistakes in the cornea are permanently transformed. This can be done utilizing an "excimer laser."
The main purpose of this surgical treatment is to produce a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea using a blade called "microkeratome." In a series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is finally reformed, permitting much better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing popularity of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that individuals must understand. Probably, the main reason that this kind of eye surgery has actually become well accepted is due to the fact that the majority of its cases had actually succeeded.
Due to the fact that LASIK eye surgery involves the operation of the retina, which is among the most sensitive portions of the eye, the majority of people state that the operation can be very dangerous.
In other words, a easy error could practically cause an individual's lifetime loss of sight. Hence, it is necessary to think about numerous aspects prior to deciding whether LASIK eye surgery is the best restorative measure one has to go through.
LASIK eye surgical treatment may correct your vision but it does not always suggest that it can give you a ideal vision. Even if statistical reports show that 70% of the patients might have 20/20 vision, this does not always indicate they have perfect vision.
Provided all these things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the appeal of the operation, LASIK might not constantly be the perfect eye surgery the way the majority of people see it
Alternatively, the assessment of the imp source structural part of the eye might be made in a number of ways. It ought to be well remembered that a patient with an eye issue may have other problems. Often other physical conditions are primary and impact the eye as a effect. The look of the eye can signal the client and the doctor to troubles in some disruptions of other parts of the body even before other symptoms present themselves.
Rainforest biomes are uncommon biomes with large cliffs, tall trees, pockets of water and have little open space.
A good place to start a colony if your willing to make space for your farms, your castle, etc. It gives your colony a unique and nice looking theme with the thick trees and tall cliffs.
GUM infection and breath that is bad the most common for most people. Both could be instead awkward, however in many cases can quite be fixed effortlessly.
Gum infection, or as the dental practitioner might call-it, gingivitis, requires an infection for the gum tissue the muscle that encircles and aids your smile. Whenever little bits of meals were combined with spit from inside the lips, a thin level of a substance known as plaque that is dental created which sticks to your area of one's teeth and language. If dental care plaque isnt frequently eliminated by flossing and brushing it will become difficult and becomes tartar (also called calculus). When these tartar provides created, it could frequently simply be eliminated by a dentist or hygienist that is dental. Both plaque that is dental tartar have unwanted organisms that may begin to aggravate the gum tissue and end in gingivitis or even eliminated. If not dealt with, gum infection may wide spread to the bone tissue where the teeth stay, and result in a far more condition that is serious as periodontal infection. The inflammation and infection of bone below the gums in periodontal disease may have more severe consequences, including a loss of teeth and an increased risk of stroke and heart attack while gingivitis doesnt leave you with permanent damage to teeth or tissue. From inside the most of covers, gum infection is actually due to incorrect hygiene that is oral. You will find, nevertheless, a true number of additional factors that may boost the danger of gingivitis. Puffing (or tobacco that is chewing stops swollen gum tissue from repairing correctly. Diabetic issues and too little particular nutrition, like supplement C, have actually a effect that is similar.
An eating plan full of carbs and glucose, but lower in water, can result in the fast development of plaque, while alterations in hormonal amounts skilled during adolescence, maternity, menstrual, and menopausal could make the arteries from inside the gum tissue a lot more prone to attack that is bacterial. Some medications can advertise gum infection simply because they lessen the movement of spit, that has a effect that is protective the gum tissue and teeth. For example steroid drugs, dental contraceptives, and medications utilized to deal with angina (torso aches). Crooked, overlapping or turned teeth also busted fillings supply hard-to-clean markets for dental care tartar and plaque to develop. Many people have actually a disposition that is genetic create gingivitis therefore bring specific worry if more people in your household have problems with the problem.
For A Healthy Heart Do These Simple Things Every D... Keep thumb in the heartbeat of great cardiovascular wellness by integrating these moves that are smart your own regimen across the time clock. 7 a.m....
Health Benefits Of Watermelon Watermelon started in Africa possesses already been grown since olden days inside the Mediterranean area, Egypt and Asia. One piece of watermelon (48...
Soap And Shampoo To Use To Bathe Babies Every little one's body has actually an tolerance that is individual various soaps. Just how soap that is much how frequently, and which sorts is...
Money And Disasters What To Know To Be Ready To Go You going for the next few weeks or months, how would you do if you had to run out the door right now with only whats in your purse or wallet to keep?...
Spontaneous Effect Of Water Drinking Tap Water! Truly the blessed to being that is human characteristics. No matter what you eat without having amount that is ample of it is not ...
Turmeric – Aurvedic Remedies Turmeric - Aurvedic Solutions 1. Anaemia Each day need a serving of just one tsp of turmeric fruit juice blended with honey. 2. Asthma Boil a cupfu...
This Week In Pandemic Flu, Emerging Infectious Dis... With trip it can play in keeping us healthy upon us and flu season just around the corner, there are lots of news stories about the availability of th...
Fabulous And Simple Orange Cake This is basically the cake that is best You will find previously tasted. My personal mommy provided me with this dish and that I are unable to often m...
Foods That Promise A Clean Stomach First Thing In ... Bloating, gasoline, indigestion & acidity would be the popular dilemmas we Indians bring because of all of our masala wealthy food items, oil-lade...
Watch Rate My Nude Photo Com porn videos for free, here on Discover the growing collection of high quality Most Relevant XXX movies and clips. Nov 2, - what wud u do to me? 41 Comments for my soft nude body and pussy yes please ill make sure you squrt pussy juice all over . Rate my Naughty shows individual pics, but there are premium sites that have full sets.
Launched in 2000, NADA offers a broad range of information, products and services to help educate people in the market to buy, sell, trade or simpl...
Need to get you car to the auction? Call Plycar. Plycon's Auto Transportation division, Plycar, offers the safest, most reliable, insured, modern t...
Need hotel rooms while attending the auction? The Palm Springs Hilton Resort is located just steps away from the auction and down town Palm Springs...
Swisstrax provides attractive and comfortable garage floor tiles that are perfect for parties, outdoor events, garages, displays, and more. With ma...
We’re as passionate about classic and collector vehicles as you are. Our deep knowledge of classic vehicles ...
Build Tutorials get moved in here. Please post in the normal Building forum first and ask a staff member to move them.
Tutorials for creating content for the Sims 3 should be posted here. No discussion threads, only tutorials!
Many individuals in Alto Sutton Manor Mill Valley California decide to hire an accident legal representative after they have actually been involved in an auto accident that leads to personal injury and financial losses.
Technically, you can submit a personal injury claim versus an insurer on your own. Some people select this route when they’ve suffered only mild injuries and have the time to research the legal claims process themselves. Likewise, avoiding a lawyer will save you some cash in legal charges.
An accident lawyer– specifically an individual injury attorney– can help you go up versus big car insurance companies and their group of legal representatives. Your attorney already understands the personal injury laws and procedural guidelines and can effectively manage all the legwork for you. He or she will function as your advocate throughout the whole case.
Since an insurance provider’s lawyers have the understanding to decrease payment and even deny the claim altogether, employing an accident attorney is the best option for people who:
Typically speaking, a long-term injury is one that lasts for around a year or longer, while an irreversible injury is one that disables you for life. These types of personal injuries seriously affect your capability to remain and become utilized– not to mention the quality of your life.
Showing long-lasting and completely disabling injuries can be tricky organisation, and your accident lawyer most likely will seek advice from each doctor you have actually seen. She or he even might ask for the existence of your doctor during any legal procedures.
When an insurance company challenges its insurance policy holder’s liability for the car crash, the business is essentially stating that the policyholder is not at fault (or is at least claiming you don’t have adequate proof of fault) and, for that reason, the insurance company is not responsible for spending for your damages.
An accident lawyer in Alto Sutton Manor Mill Valley CA will help you supply this evidence and reveal that the other party was undoubtedly at fault.
Refusal to pay (which can however does not always come from a contested liability) or refusal to pay a fair quantity is when an insurance company outright will not make a reasonable settlement offer– or any deal at all.
Because of possible situations such as statutes of constraints (which can vary by state), it is necessary to hire an accident lawyer and get the claims process going as rapidly as possible; nevertheless, you do not want to hire the first lawyer for whom you see a billboard on the highway.
Just as there are many different doctors who focus on several locations of medication, there is a wide variety of lawyers from which to select.
You can begin assessing your comfort level from the beginning (for example, how do you feel about the attorney’s success rate with car accident cases?) and continue beyond the time you employ them.
Sometimes, examining your comfort level can prevent you from hiring a personal injury lawyer who isn’t well fit for your case; other times, it may convince you it’s time to change course with a brand-new attorney.
Just remember, you suffered accident near Alto Sutton Manor Mill Valley and financial loss due to a car crash you believe somebody else caused. Utilize these suggestions– and trust your gut– as you search for the right accident attorney.
The 2017 Sioux City International Film Festival will hold MANY events at the Stoney Creek Hotel in Sioux City, the official headquarters for the Festival. Enjoy this FREE kickoff evening.
“The Film Lounge” is a new series produced by Iowa Public Television in partnership with the Iowa Arts Council and Produce Iowa- State Office of Media Production.
Help us bring the world's movies to Sioux City by donating today! Your contribution helps bring in filmmakers, funds workshops, and is instrumental in producing our FIVE day event where you can watch movies from all over the world.
Tickets are just $10 per person for each showing, $5 for Seniors, children 12 and under, and with Student ID. Purchase tickets at the door at each showing.
All-Festival passes are available for $50 per person: Entry to ALL shows, workshops and after-parties.
These fine sponsors make our festival possible and affordable to movie lovers in our area. We deeply appreciate their support.
The Sioux City international Film Festival is a labor of love by a group of unpaid volunteers. It is produced by the Siouxland Institute of film, a non-profit organization.
我们的责任是建立高效、完善的“一流公司”；生产和销售“一流的产品”。以此来赢取竞争力，创造最大的销售效益，并更好地为客户服务。我们愿意和客户在利益共享的双赢机制下共同发展。 我们非常愿意和我们的客户发展一种相互理解、相互赏识、相互尊重的合作伙伴关系。在我们力所能及的范围给予我们的客户最大的帮助和支持，并推动他们的事业不断发展和进步。并共同分享成功的喜悦。 以最优的产品质量，最低的价格，参与市场竞争。竭诚欢迎新老朋友携手合作，共创辉煌！
As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Hereâ€™s what happened.
Smart local shopping starts here. Find&Save brings together all the best local deals in Biloxi. Brought to you by Biloxi Sun Herald.
CA City Holds Vigil for Officer Killed On His Last Day of Training. More than 300 mourners gathered outside Pomona police headquarters Sunday night for a
Searching for jobs or hiring in your area? Use Sun Herald job search engine - the best way to find a job. Find employers hiring near you and quickly apply to job
Hottest Details Obtain details about precise partnership programs and find out more about our partnerships with other organizations.
Give attention to your focus on accounts Account Web pages enables you to help save companies and other people you care about in one put and simply access their profiles.
A lead is normally allotted to somebody to abide by up on. Once the individual (e.g. salesperson) testimonials and qualifies it to possess likely business, the lead will get converted to an opportunity for your business. The chance then must go through a number of sales stages before the offer is gained.
Obtain an intensive database of geographic, demographic and economic data that's unequaled from the business, which include:
Define your own personal qualified mailing lists determined by your finances and special audience. Post your standards and we'll research and provide the very best list for your needs!
Capterra can be a free service that can help businesses locate the greatest program for his or her requirements. Capterra is cost-free for end users for the reason that distributors shell out us every time they receive this hyperlink Net website traffic.
The development Price tag Indexes provide price indexes for single-spouse and children homes marketed and for single-relatives properties beneath building. The houses offered index...
Check out target prospects and select Sophisticated demographics to make your client mailing list simply and accurately. Decide on your geographic territory by means of a map interface or conventional picks for example zip codes, counties, cities, and many others. View additional information...
The sole way to locate and have interaction the proper potential customers should be to begin with the right lead list. Simply call, mail, and email potential customers using specific B2B & B2C Sales Leads from your field leader, InfoUSA.
We’ll make it easier to determine your ideal prospective customers by looking at your best prospects and locating new sales leads that glimpse much like them. It’s rapidly, it’s simple, and it can assist you get the effects you would like.
The rapid expansion is primarily driven because of the advertiser desire for ROI centered marketing, a pattern that is predicted to accelerate all through a recession.[citation essential]
Make a choice from more than 30 lookup options as well as geographic info to target the appropriate viewers in your marketing, sales, and investigate endeavours.
We have the opening times for Dentist in DA3-8PR This is the details for the Dentist in DA3-8PR. Here you'll find address with a location and map along with the telephone number. Infomation about call charges
Find the exact location of the bank is with Google Maps – click the map to zoom in and out and find out where the Dentist in DA3-8PR branch is located.
Educate, graduate and empower all students to become responsible and contributing members of society.
KOKOMO, Ind. – Indiana University Kokomo today (June 1) announced that the Kokomo campus would continue to offer General Studies degrees and the ACCELerated Evening College, despite a recent announcement by IU that it will dissolve its statewide School of Continuing Studies.
The Continuing Studies program at the Kokomo campus encompasses the associate and bachelor’s degree programs in General Studies that provide higher education alternatives for non-traditional students.
“The General Studies degree program is a very popular degree for the adult students in our region,” said Susan Sciame-Giesecke, executive vice chancellor for academic affairs. “We have many success stories of adults who returned to school to earn an important academic credential to move forward in their careers. We are committed to continuing to serve the higher education needs of these students, and the general studies degrees, in particular.”
Regional campuses, like Kokomo, have the autonomy to choose an appropriate course of action regarding continuing studies degrees and programs based on local needs and campus recommendations.
The Division of Continuing Studies degree programs at IU Kokomo include an Associate of Arts in General Studies (A.A.G.S.), and a Bachelor of General Studies (B.G.S.). The needs of non-traditional and other students are met through flexible learning arrangements made possible through evening, hybrid, and online course offerings.
William Brice, an abstract artist and former UCLA faculty member, died March 3 in Los Angeles. He was 86.
An admirer of Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse, Brice was known for his large-scale paintings that referenced elements of classical ruins. Throughout his painting career, he exhibited extensively throughout the United States. His work is included in numerous collections, including the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
Around 1970, Brice made a trip to Greece, which strongly influenced his work. It was at this time that his work shifted from atmospheric paintings with light and demarcation of forms, to paintings with elements of fragmented classical ruins, referencing the history of a noble era.
Brice was a member of the UCLA art faculty beginning in 1953, when he was appointed as acting assistant professor. He was awarded an assistant professorship in 1956 and moved up the academic ladder, retiring in 1991 as an emeritus professor.
"He was such an important factor for so many years at UCLA. When I was a graduate student in art history, he was a premier member of the painting department," said Professor Emeritus Henry Hopkins, who served as chair of the UCLA Art Department from 1991-1994 and was the former director of the Hammer Museum. "Bill was a person who many students turned to as their guide. He was highly respected and, in his great role as a mentor, he worked closely with students such as Peter Alexander, Judy Chicago, Charles Garabedian, Ed Moses and others."
With his enthusiasm for the arts, Brice encouraged many to pursue their dreams, as he did. Garabedian commented to the Los Angeles Times, "He was a great teacher, very involved in helping his students find out where and what they wanted to be."
Brice was born in April 1921, in New York City. He studied in Los Angeles at the Chouinard Art Institute and at the Art Students League in New York City. He taught at Jepson Art Institute in Los Angeles from 1948-1952 before joining UCLA.
Donald Novin, former chair of behavioral neurosciences in the Department of Psychology, died Feb. 19. He was 71.
Novin came to UCLA as an assistant professor in 1962, following a postdoctoral fellowship in Sweden. Besides serving as chair of behavioral neurosciences, he became director of the NIH Physiological Psychology Training Grant, which he initially helped procure and which remains the longest-running grant of its kind in the country.
He was a dominant figure in research on the behavioral neuroscience of motivation and made many major contributions toward understanding the mechanisms whereby the need for water and food controls the brain's states of thirst, hunger and satiety.
One of his earliest and best-known contributions was when he showed the relationship between brain osmotic pressure receptors and thirst. Later in his career, when it became dogma that monitoring of the need state was done by receptors in the brain, he made a major impact by demonstrating vital roles for visceral receptors.
Besides being devoted to science, Novin also was an avid outdoorsman. Many of his colleagues fondly recall the fishing trips in the Sierras that he would organize to show them his favorite fishing spots.
Early onset Parkinson's disease forced his premature retirement in 1994, which occurred at a time when he was making what he considered his most important discoveries. As the disease progressed, he became less able to carry out normal activities.
Until recently, however, he took great pleasure in visiting his corner office on the eighth floor of Franz Hall. He enjoyed talking about department politics, which was always a sure way to provoke a brief respite from his Parkinson's symptoms.
Peter E. Schlein, professor emeritus in the Department of Physics and Astronomy, died Feb. 26 from sudden cardiac arrest in Paris, France. He was 75.
A New York native, Schlein received his B.S. in 1954 from Union College and his Ph.D. from Northwestern University in 1959. He did postdoctoral work at the University of Chicago in 1959, at Johns Hopkins University from 1959 to 1961, and at UCLA from 1961 to 1962.
He began his career at UCLA as an assistant professor in 1962. In the early 1970s, Schlein, who was an experimental elementary particle physicist, began a research program at CERN, the European center for high-energy accelerator physics in Geneva.
Working at CERN's Intersecting Storage Rings and later at the Proton-Antiproton Collider, he developed new high-precision detectors, which made him world-renowned.
In the late 1980s, he was the spokesperson for the UA8 experiment at CERN, for which he designed and constructed the first silicon vertex detectors that are located in very close proximity to the particle beam; these detectors are now in use in all modern particle physics hadron collider experiments. On UA8, he made seminal measurements on the partonic content and structure of the pomeron, a composite particle detected in hard diffraction scattering interactions.
Schlein retired from UCLA in 2006. He was a fellow of the J.S. Guggenheim Memorial Foundation and of the American Physical Society.
Murray Schwartz, the third dean of UCLA School of Law and the David G. Price and Dallas P. Price Professor of Law Emeritus, died Feb. 15 in Los Angeles. He was 87.
Schwartz joined the UCLA law faculty in 1958 and had a distinguished career as a faculty member prior to taking over as dean from 1969 to 1975. He was the first holder of the David G. Price and Dallas P. Price Chair in Law and the author of many important works on criminal law and legal ethics.
An extraordinarily skilled teacher who was revered by his students, Schwartz won the School of Law's Rutter Award for Excellence in Teaching. He was elected Professor of the Year by the graduating class of 1986. Throughout his esteemed professional career, Schwartz also served as executive vice chancellor of UCLA, as chair of the UC Academic Council and Academic Assembly and as chair of the UCLA Academic Senate.
"Murray's passing will be a great loss to our community," said Michael H. Schill, dean of UCLA School of Law. "He was a man of enormous wit and intelligence and he was dedicated to our school and our profession. He was beloved by his colleagues and friends and we will miss him greatly."
Born in Philadelphia, Pa., Schwartz began his career as a chemist after earning his bachelor's degree in chemistry at Pennsylvania State University in 1942. During World War II, he was a commanding officer of a submarine-chaser. After the war, he studied industrial relations at the Wharton School of Business, University of Pennsylvania, and received the LL.B. degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1949.
After law school, Schwartz clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Fred M. Vinson. Thereafter, he served in the Office of the Solicitor General from 1952 to 1954. He then practiced law in Philadelphia until 1958.
Schwartz was a distinguished criminal law and legal ethics scholar. His work in the legal profession and legal ethics shaped the teaching of professional responsibility in many of the nation's law schools. He authored "The Reorganization of the Legal Profession" (1980); co-authored "Lawyers and the Legal Profession: Cases and Materials" (three editions since 1979); and edited "Law and the American Future" (1976).
The University of Pennsylvania Law School and Pennsylvania State University each has presented Schwartz with its Distinguished Alumnus Award.
He is survived by his wife, Audrey; his three children, Deborah, Jonathan and Daniel; and five grandchildren.
In lieu of flowers, the Schwartz family requests that donations be made to: The UCLA Foundation/School of Law. Checks should be sent to the attention of Donna Colin, UCLA School of Law, Box 951476, Los Angeles, CA 90095.
The last word supply for Detroit sports news, scores, highlights and analysis, including Lions, Tigers, Crimson Wings, Pistons, Wolverines and Spartans. Giambi hit a then-file 14 dwelling runs within the first round, but couldn’t preserve tempo with Gonzalez, whose six homers in the remaining spherical clinched it. Cano carefully outhit Gonzalez, who was representing the rival Crimson Sox, with a 12-11 victory in the last round at Chase Subject. His father, former Main Leaguer Jose Cano, pitched to him.
• Hoskins loves the heat, having smacked 24 of his 32 profession large flies off fastballs. No different NL hitter has hit more than 21 homers against fastballs since Hoskins’ MLB debut final Aug. 10. LONDON — Serena Williams figures this statistic wants an asterisk: For the first time since Wimbledon began seeding players in the Nineteen Twenties, none of the high 10 ladies reached the quarterfinals.
Last yr, Decide hit four homers that traveled greater than 500 ft, so he maxed out his bonus time – and he wanted that extension to exceed opponent Justin Bour’s whole of 22 homers in the first spherical. CBS Sports activities has the latest MLB BASEBALL information, dwell scores, participant stats, standings, fantasy games, and projections.
1936: TSN names its first main league Sporting Information Participant of the Yr Award , Carl Hubbell of the New York Giants. It is the oldest and most prestigious award given to the single player in MLB who had the most outstanding season. To today, it stays voted on by MLB players.
July 15: The Nationals were believed to have moved on from Marlins catcher J.T. Realmuto on account of Miami’s lofty asking worth, however league sources say that Washington may “revisit” its pursuit of the backstop , according to MLB Network insider Jon Heyman in an article for Fancred Sports.
Description Cadets and their dates dance amid streamers at formal dance at the Air Force Academy. Caption on back reads "During their first year, social activity of cadets of the United States Air Force Academy is severely limited. Their first formal dance held at Christmastime in Arnold Hall, the Cadet Social Center, is an event long remembered. Upperclassmen enjoy greater social privileges, including formal dances monthly." Photo stamped on back "Released by Office of Information Services United States Air Force Academy Denver 8, Colorado. Please Credit "Air Force Photo" For Reprints Ask For Order No. -- Neg. No. 161-7."
This article is only an excerpt. If it appears incomplete or if you wish to see article references, visit the rest of its contents here.
Want to help save endangered species, but don't have a lot of money to donate? There are actually a lot of creative ways you can help endangered species, even if you are an individual and not a funded organization. We've put together a list of ways you as an individual can help save endangered species.
if you are looking for the class companion with beauty,charm and nise personality then you are visiting the right place. Just coll me.
At Burkes Tyres & Exhausts we can carry out a full visual inspection of your vehicle to ensure it meets all the MOT / NCT requirements.
Our fully trained staff will explain every part of the process and advise you on any repairs that may need to be carried out to meet the MOT / NCT requirements.
We then can carry out all the necessary repairs to ensure your vehicle passes first time. No work is carried out before your approval.
The process is simple, quick, cost effective and at a very high standard. Your safety on the road is our priority.
To save your time, we also offer a fully insured collection and delivery service for your vehicle. Have it collected at your home or work and returned all on the same day FREE OF CHARGE.
If required we can also complete a full service on your vehicle including oil & filters change to give you carefree motoring for the year.
What Is A Bi Level House Plans Modern Split Home published on plans. which is part of the plans collection. It’s full resolution is 750x570 Pixels.
Llafranc is the town which follows Calella de Palafrugell having passed the Punta d'En Blanc. Snuggled into one of the most peaceful and most beautiful little corners of Costa Brava, the town is comfortably sheltered to the east by Cap de Sant Sebastid.
You can find an eighteenth century hermitage dedicated to the same saint, Sant Sebastid, an old Catalan farm house converted into a lovely hotel, and also the modern lighthouse, one of the most important in the Peninsula.
Llafranc's origin is similar to that of other towns and villages on the coast - it began as a refuge for fishermen, who drew their boats up along the sandy beach. When the period of raids by pirates was over, the refuge became the home of the fishermen, who alternated their farming the land with fishing activities.
As leaked by Foreign Policy last week, recent State Department memos suggest that American diplomats may soon be unable to use words essential to discussions of reproductive rights. If Secretary of State Mike Pompeo approves the memos' proposal, officials will be banned from saying "sexual and reproductive health" and "comprehensive sexuality education," and would instead use the term "reproduction and the related health services." This follows the State Department's pattern of treatment of gender-related language. Its annual human rights report this year trimmed language focused on family planning, and officials have worked to remove the term "gender" from multiple UN human rights documents. While the policy implications of this change remain unclear, the alteration in language could complicate United Nations discussions regarding reproductive health issues and funding for NGOs that maintain their vocabulary use. The removal of "gender" from State Department usage further excludes transgender individuals from political discussions; the Department of Health and Human Services also recently moved to establish...
Ovarian cancer is the 7th most common cancer in the world. Nearly 300,000 women are predicted to develop ovarian cancer this year and less than half of these women diagnosed are expected to survive after 5 years. However, there is very little awareness of ovarian cancer and its effects. A survey conducted by the World Ovarian Cancer Coalition gathered information from 1,531 women across 44 countries. The women who participated were from high, middle, and low income countries and were asked to answer online questions about their experiences with ovarian cancer. The study points to the fact that over two thirds of women who participated had never even heard of ovarian cancer or knew nothing about it before they were diagnosed. Additionally, less than half of these women attempted to find care or answers for their symptoms within the first month they appeared, and one in every ten women did not seek medical help for 6 months. This data is important...
What's Happening in Reproductive Health Around the World?Awareness, community health, ovarian cancer
The women of Zambia have the world’s fourth highest rate of cervical cancer; yet, Zambia’s government provides free cervical cancer screening services. This begs the question: why does such a high incidence of cervical cancer persist? The answer is due, in part, to a lack of awareness amongst the female population regarding this disease, particularly in rural areas. Robert Zulu, in upholding the legacy of his late wife whom he lost to cervical cancer, aims to inform and empower Zambia’s women by encouraging regular cervical cancer screenings. These preventative measures are especially important for HIV, which disproportionately affects Zambia’s women, as this disease increases the likelihood of cervical cancer diagnosis by three times. Zulu’s non-profit, Rakellz Dream Initiative, takes an incredibly unique approach to this end of raising awareness, producing plays and movies about cervical cancer. Zulu’s latest film, “Monarch of Dreams,” which is based on his wife’s battle with cancer, premiered on October 31st in Lusaka, Zambia’s capital. The...
What's Happening in Reproductive Health Around the World?cervical cancer, community health, empowerment
A new health care study by Lancet has illuminated a frightening trend in the global prevalence of caesarean sections. In wealthy countries, C-sections are often performed in the absence of underlying medical causes, while in developing countries, C-sections are inaccessible even when medically necessary. As of 2015, the C-sections were used for approximately 30% of births in North America, 44% in Latin America and the Caribbean, and only 5% in East Africa, standing in stark opposition to the World Health Organization’s recommendation rate of 10-15%. C-sections invite major risk, including maternal and postpartum infections, in addition to newborn death or extended hospitalization. However, many women report that they are not informed by doctors of the implications and possible risk involved with this procedure and report being immensely pressured to receive C-sections. In short, the decision is driven not by mothers, but by doctors who allow financial motivations, fear of litigation, and even racial bias to inform their decisions. One potential...
In a recent CNN piece, obstetrician Dr. Cristina Gamboa reveals her insights on trends in regards to her pregnant immigrant patients at the community health center Salud Para La Gente in Watsonville, California. She has noted that patients who are Mexican Immigrants seem to be suffering from increases in stress during their pregnancy. These increases have led to high blood pressure which can be further characterized as the condition preeclampsia. Stress can be a result of a multitude of factors, but Dr. Gamboa analyzes that America’s current political climate could be a root cause. It is considered a crime for someone to enter and stay in the United States without permission. Approximately 25% of unauthorized immigrants reside in California and 26.9% of the population in Watsonville are non-US citizens. Although there are no scientific studies connecting a woman’s immigration status and maternal health, Dr. Gamboa believes research is needed. There is, however, evidence pointing to a lack of general health...
What's Happening in Reproductive Health Around the World?immigration, pregnancy, Reproductive Health
This past Wednesday, the United Nations called for the end of a practice known as “virginity testing,” declaring such tests a violation of human rights. While these tests possess zero scientific merit or clinical foundation, they are still performed in nearly 20 countries, including but not limited to India, Brazil, Afghanistan, South Africa, Iran, Iraq, Sri Lanka, Turkey, Northern Ireland, and Jordan. Virginity testing entails a physical examination of the hymen, usually by an insertion of fingers, to determine whether a woman has had sex. However, such measures are incapable of determining whether a woman has had intercourse or not, and reinforce the anatomically incorrect term “intact hymen.” Furthermore, as delineated in the UN’s statement, this test, "further reinforces socio-cultural norms that perpetuate women’s inequality, including stereotyped views of female morality and sexuality, and serves to exercise control over women and girls." In short, "virginity testing" robs women of the right to protection from discrimination, and of the right to...
A study recently published in The Lancet journal reveals that from 2000 to 2015 there has been approximately a double in the number of cesarean section (C-section) births in the world. C-section births occur when a surgery is performed to open a woman’s lower abdomen and remove the baby. These procedures can either be planned in advance or they can happen suddenly if problems occur during birthing. There are risks to C-section births for the woman, such as infection and postpartum heavy bleeding, and the baby, such as trouble breathing and injury. Additionally, C-sections create a more complicated labor recovery for the mother and pose a threat to future labor complications. The figures from the study state that in 2000 C-sections accounted for 12.1% of all births and in 2015 they accounted for 21.1% of all births. There is evidence published by the World Health Organization stating that there is "no justification for any region to have a caesarean section...
October 11th, 2018 marked the sixth annual International Day of the Girl Child, a celebration which works to establish investment in girls as essential to a sustainable and thriving community. This holiday occurred at a crucial intersection within both a domestic and global narrative. From the election of Brett Kavanaugh to the growing momentum of #MeToo and #WhyIDidn’tReport, sexual violence and other gender disparities have been thrust into the center of public dialogue, igniting the fires of social change. However, to dismantle the culture and practices which systematically devalue women in their present, we must first protect the girl child, as her condition, positive or negative, will ultimately inform her future. This year’s theme of the international day was “With Her: A Skilled GirlForce,” which drew attention to the 25% of unemployed youth, disproportionately consisting of girls. This disadvantaged demographic of girls in the workforce is especially vulnerable to both monetary and sexual exploitation. The very derivation of gender equality...
What's Happening in Reproductive Health Around the World?education, empowerment, gender equality, International Day of the Girl Child
Governor Jerry Brown recently vetoed a bill that would have required all health centers at University of California and California State University schools to offer prescription abortion pills. Introduced in February 2017, Senate Bill 320 would have made California the first state to require access to medication abortion at public universities. Medication abortion was approved by the FDA in 2000, and currently accounts for one-third of abortions in the United States. A combination of two drugs, mifepristone and misoprostol, allows the patient to undergo the procedure in their own home. In spite of years of research deeming the procedure safe, thirty-four states heavily regulate medication abortion by requiring licensed physicians, rather than midwives or nurse practitioners, to administer the drugs. In spite of living in a state with otherwise progressive abortion legislation, women at public universities in California often have restricted access to abortion options. More than 500 women at California's public universities seek the abortion pill at off-site healthcare providers every...
Approximately 56 million abortions are performed globally each year, with half of these procedures falling upon some continuum of danger that they pose. 97% of these unsafe abortions are performed in low-income countries within Africa, Asia, and Latin America, illustrating the enormous reproductive health disparity borne by geographic location. Abortions are classified by the World Health Organization as “safe”, “less safe”, and “least safe.” Many abortions conducted in developing countries are qualified as “least safe,” characterized by the insertion of foreign objects such as sticks and broken glass bottles, or the ingestion of harmful cleaning products. Ultimately, 6.9 million women each year are treated for complications attributed to unsafe abortions, and 23,000 women die from such complications. Yet, safe abortion procedures such as manual evacuation and abortion-inducing drugs are not financially out of reach even for low-resource countries. Thus, the solution to this horrific lapse in reproductive health lies in political discourse. While some countries, such as Ethiopia and Nepal,...
The squad sessions begin with a warm-up swim including front crawl, kick board work, peanut work and finishing with an IM (butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke and front Crawl) and then they are taken through training which includes stroke work, stroke technique, starts, turns and finishes.
There are many opportunities to swim competitively within the squad set-up both in our own team and in external competitions such as the Stockport Mini Meets.
Professor Amir Pnueli was one of the pioneers in the specification and verification of computer systems. He received the 1996 ACM Turing Award, the highest distinction that can be given to a computer scientist, for his seminal work introducing temporal logic into computing science and for outstanding contributions to program and system verification.
Amir Pnueli was born in Nahalal, Israel in 1941. He received his BSc in mathematics from the Technion in Haifa, and his Ph.D. in applied mathematics from the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1967. His PhD thesis focused on the "Calculation of Tides in the Ocean". He then switched from mathematics to computer science during his post doctoral fellowship at Stanford University and the IBM T.J. Watson Research Center.
Prof. Pnueli returned to the Department of Applied Mathematics of the Weizmann Institute to a position of a Senior Researcher after his post doc in the US. In 1973, he moved to Tel-Aviv University, where he founded the Department of Computer Science and was its first chairman. In 1981, Prof. Pnueli returned to the Weizmann Institute as a Professor of Computer Science. From 1999, he also served as a professor in the Department of Computer Science at NYU.
Prof. Pnueli believed in applying theory to practice. He was also one of the pioneers of the Israeli hi-tech industry. He co-founded two software companies, one of which (i-Logix) became part of IBM in 2008.
For his outstanding contribution to the Israeli academy and Industry, Prof. Pnueli was awarded the 2000 Israel Prize.
He was a foreign associate of the US National Academy of Engineering, a foreign member of the Academia Europaea, and a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities. He received numerous other professional accolades.
Amir Pnueli passed away on November 2, 2009. He is survived by his wife Ariela, two daughters, a son, and four grandchildren.
um next time could you make it with the piplup body, steelix's body all but the head as a tail, and togetic as the wings please
News detail - NEC Red Rockets hope to fly towards historic Club World Championship win - FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship 2017
Kobe, Japan, May 9, 2017 - Japan’s NEC Red Rockets Kawasaki and Switzerland’s Volero Zurich will meet on Wednesday, coming from the opposite ends of success on Tuesday’s first competition day in Pool B of the FIVB Volleyball Women's Club World Championship 2017 in Kobe.
The 2016 Asian club champions could not find enough strong arguments against the most decorated club in the history of the competition and suffered a 0-3 (11-25, 17-25, 19-25) loss to Brazil’s Osasco Voleibol Clube.
Volero, on the other hand, managed to shock the reigning two-time title-holders of the Women's Club World Championship, Turkey’s Eczacibasi VitrA Istanbul, with a 3-0 (25-22, 25-20, 26-24) upset.
This will be the first encounter between NEC Red Rockets and Volero at the Club World Championship level.
- On Wednesday, NEC Red Rockets will play their second game in the history of the Club World Championships. On Tuesday, they opened their account to have a current 0-1 win-loss record.
- Volero have won one medal from their four previous participations in the Club World Championships - a 2015 bronze.
- Volero have played a total of 18 matches in the history of the competition and have a 10-8 win-loss record.
- At the Club World Championships level, Volero have played against a Japanese team only once. In the previous edition in 2016, they claimed a 3-0 victory over Hisamitsu Springs Kobe.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4284: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4286: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4287: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 4288: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/functions.php:3493)
This is a French re-release, without the additional archive footage in the Italian version. However, this does include followup interviews with Claudine Beccarie, 4 years after the original release (1979) and 8 years after (1983). Many of the performers and scenes listed at Egafd were in the Italian release only, which apparently must have replaced a lot of interview footage with archive footage.
RealWebMarketing.net, an online marketing consulting and web design company servicing clients around the U.S., has just celebrated its 10th anniversary.
(EMAILWIRE.COM, July 03, 2018 ) Palmdale, CA – RealWebMarketing.net (www.RealWebMarketing.net), an online marketing consulting and web design company servicing clients around the U.S., has just celebrated its 10th anniversary.
The company offers over a dozen services including pay per click advertising management, search engine optimization, designing websites, reputation management, video production and marketing, online PR, and print design. The company carefully tailors a custom marketing program for each client, noting that each client’s situation is different and so a custom approach is what is needed. The company is a Google Partner and is Google AdWords Certified.
John Eberhard, President and founder of Real Web Marketing Inc. stated “Our mission is to help companies grow by increasing their leads or sales. Many marketing things that you can do online today are nice to have, but they don’t necessarily get leads coming in. Our focus is always developing campaigns for our clients that get actual leads and sales. We have found that that is what most business owners really want, so that’s what we focus on.”
One client describes their experience with Real Web Marketing: "Our company is very happy with Real Web Marketing. We are receiving a lot more clients and the report we get from John each month is incredibly helpful. Would recommend this team to anyone. After trying to manage things myself for several months, I was so happy to turn this over to John and team.”
Real Web Marketing Inc. is based in Palmdale, California, north of Los Angeles, and has clients all across the U.S. The company also has an office in Dallas, TX. John Eberhard has been involved in marketing for 29 years and has worked as a VP or Director of Marketing for Executive Software, The Dohring Company, Panda Software, Survival Strategies, David Morse & Associates and other companies, prior to starting Real Web Marketing Inc. For further testimonials including videos, visit http://realwebmarketing.net/about-us/testimonials/ For a full list of the services Real Web Marketing Inc. offers, visit http://realwebmarketing.net/services/ or call (661) 441-2429.
This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php.
Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities
Vanilla cake soaked and marinated in condensed milk, evaporated milk and fresh milk. Iced with chantilly whipped cream, topped and bordered with your specs. (Fruits may be used in between layers.)
Rich Chocolate sponge cake, layered with smooth ganache cream, iced with chocolate ganache and decorated with chocolate shavings
Vanilla cake with grand marnier liqueur, this sophisticated cake is covered with a layer of chocolate ganache.
"The Classic" dark chocolate cake, filled with alternate layers of chocolate and raspberry moose, iced with chocolate cream, topped with raspberry marmalade.
A summer favorite. This sponge cake is filled with tropical fruits and topped with kiwis, berries, and surrounded with toasted coconut.
Three layers of fluffy vanilla cake filled with tangy lemon custard. Iced with lemon flavor white cream and garnished with lemon peal shavings.
Three layers of vanilla sponge cake (2 layers of vanilla cake and 1 layer of chocolate cake) lightly immersed in rum liquor. Iced with whipped topping that is lightly flavored with rum and topped with kiwis, lemon and oranges.
Four layers of dark chocolate sponge cake inter filled with rich chocolate dobash cream. Surrounded with chopped walnuts and topped with beautiful rosettes of chocolate mousse and dobash.
Outer layers of vanilla and chocolate cake, filled with alternate layers of chocolate and raspberry mousse, iced with chocolate cream and topped with raspberry marmalade
The legendary ruby colored red velvet cake with heavenly creamy rich frosting. Fresh Raspberry filling and a light spread of cream cheese frosting.
Vanilla cake with a layers of Chantilly cream and fresh strawberries, decorated with strawberries and toasted mixed nuts, chocolate shavings or coconuts
Vanilla Cake with tropical fruit filling, (choice of peaches, strawberry, pineapple or bananas), iced with whipped cream and trimmed with a white border.
This play also works quite well as a sharp social commentary about what is now taking place in this country in regards to immigration, and puts a human face and story on those that come to the United States.
Anyone who knows the original Medea tale will have a clear idea of the tragedy to come, but it does not make it any less devastating. When the climax finally arrives, it hits with such an uncompromising and devastating impact that I was practically shaking in my seat, with tears streaming down my face when the lights came up.
A key strength of this production is that it makes us care for Medea and clearly makes one understand who she is and why she does what she does at the end. While it does not lessen the horrific nature of what transpires, this is the most sympathetic and human Medea I have ever seen.
Words alone can't properly convey the brilliance and relevance of this play. You must see it first-hand to truly understand.
Set in modern times, “Mojada: A Medea in Los Angeles”, tells the tale of Medea, her husband Jason, son Acan, and Tita, a woman who is a servant for Medea’s family, but is so much more than that. They all quickly flee from Mexico to America due to tragic circumstances, and make a perilous, horrific journey to Los Angeles. When the play opens, they has been in America for a year, living in L.A.
Medea earns money by sewing clothing by the piece in the yard of her home, but is still traumatized by the events that led them to L.A., and just stays at home. Jason, on the other hand, is much more adventurous. When he first arrives, Jason looked for work as a day-labor, but has worked hard and made the right connections. He is now a contractor’s assistant, but works long hours and is home with less frequency. Jason is an ambitious man that wants to advance no matter what it takes, but seems to truly love Medea, and, of course, his beloved son. But, it is obvious he is keeping secrets, as Tita accurately observes.
It turns out his boss, Armida, also an immigrant, but with a much less traumatic journey to this country, is quite interested in Jason as much more than a boss and friend. As in the original Medea, events transpire that results in the tragedy at the end of the play.
Huge credit must be given to OSF resident playwright Luis Alfaro, who wrote this masterpiece. Alfaro is a true poet. To take an ancient fable like Medea and to use it as a stepping-off point to make a play about Mexican immigrants in L.A. is a brilliant decision, and Alfaro writes with a deft hand.
Director Juliette Carrillo does a wonderful job creating great tension as the play progresses, and makes sure every character on stage shines. This is a well-paced production that beautifully blends the reality of the immigrant experience with the more surreal, spiritual elements found in the text.
Sabina Zuniga Varela owns the part of Medea and gives a powerhouse performance. Even when she does not speak and sits silently on stage, you feel the power of this character and how much she has endured to get to this country and help the man she loves. When Jason finally betrays her in the most awful fashion, Zuniga Varela plays to perfection the rage and anger that has been building up in Medea. It is one of the most haunting and heartbreaking performances I have seen on stage
Lakin Valdez makes Jason a somewhat sympathetic figure that lets his ambition make him lose sight of what really matters. He is seduced – in more ways than one – by his new surroundings. It is a tricky role to play, and Valdez finds the perfect balance in his portrayal of this very flawed and human character.
As Tita, VIVIS is the heart and soul of this play, and brings a ferocity and warmth to the part. Tita is the one who narrates to the audience the journey the family makes to America. What we see on stage is a true horror show that sheds light into the desperate steps people will take to enter the United States, no matter the cost.
Jahnangel Jimenez is terrific as the son, Acan. While only 11-years old, he already displays a terrific stage presence and makes Acan a young boy we care deeply about, which makes what happens to him at the end that much more tragic.
Praise must also be given to Vilma Silva, who has a challenging role as Armida, the villain of this piece. While not a likable character, Silva infuses her with a fierce determination and steely resolve. She may do questionable things to get ahead, but man, she does it with gusto. Nancy Rodriguez also has many memorable moments as Josefina,a food-cart vendor, who becomes friends with Medea.
While there are wonderfully realized moments of humor, “Mojada: A Medea in Los Angeles,” is a tragedy in the purest sense of the word, and the bloody ending may not be for everybody. But, If you love thought-provoking theatre, this masterful work of art should be at the top of your list
"Mojada: A Medea in Los Angeles" opened Sunday afternoon in Ashland, Ore., at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival. The play runs until July 6.
Five world-class musicians, singers and songwriters who, after years of touring and recording with some of the most iconic bands in the world, bring you a great new show highlighting some of the best British Rock and Pop music of a generation.
Whether it’s the vastness of the O2 Arena, the grandeur of The Royal Albert Hall, the eminence of The Hollywood Bowl, or the intimacy of Ronnie Scott’s, these guys have been there, done that, and bring their world of experience to this show.
Having played with literally dozens of respected & distinguished artists over the years, this isn’t just a covers band - these guys ARE the band that helped make these high-profile acts sound so good live and on record......
Riding breeches are specifically designed for equestrian activities. Traditionally, they were tight in the legs, stopping about halfway down the calf, with buckles or
This is a list of Hannah Montana main characters from the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana portrayed by the main cast. Characters are listed by order of appearance.
8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughters (Starring John Ritter as Paul Hennesey and Kaley Cuoco as Bridget Hennesey) by Tankman. A favorite new tv show for me
8-Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter: Soundman gets caught by the girls! By: Tankman (Kaley Cuoco, Amy Davidson) ===== My name is
Monday April 4 Kerang Went for a walk in the morning and took some photos. Of course because I bought a light weight winter outfit at a heavily reduced sale price the weather today was forecast to be 32 degrees! Damn it, I wore it to the funeral anyway. Had lunch at the Sports Club with cousin Craig and wife Sonia – roast pork and vegetables for $13! Barry was given a great send off by family and friends – huge crowd (though in a country town it is difficult to tell how many oldies turn up for the sandwiches and scones after the service!)...
Saturday March 26 Kerang Quiet family day – visited Lorraine’s husband Barry in hospital; very sad as he is extremely ill. Set the bbq on fire while cooking the butterflied lamb for dinner – “Jesus Denis!” was the best reaction from Lorraine. More wine and laughs.
Friday March 25 Birdcage free camp (30 klms west of Darlington Point) to Kerang via Hay/Balranald/Tooleybuc/Swan Hill Long days of daylight saving are great, but I don’t go much on it still being dark at 7.00am! The Hay Plains are very plain indeed. Hay itself is quite a pretty town with lots of old, beautifully restored buildings. No doubt you’ve heard the expression “Hay, Hell and Booligal” – well now I can say I’ve been to 2 of the 3 places – I wonder what Booligal is like? Yes, there is a place called Hell – it’s the northern most town...
Kerang- We moved into the Kerang Caravan Park and are backed right up to the Loddon River. Headed to the Disposal Store to check these fishing licences. Apparently in Vic if you have a Seniors Card you don’t have to have a licence. Yay another win for us oldies!! We bought a bait trap and the guy there was really helpful, he said if we put in soap and a few fresh gum leaves we will get shrimp He also said the season is open for Murray Cod and you can catch them on tasty cheese,Carp don’t bother you so much then. Size limit is 60cm, I think...
This morning we were woken up to a number of vehicles turning up at 8.30 am (how rude) there was a junior cricket game starting at 9 am, so we packed up and took of as there was not a lot of room for the cars to park. We travelled though a number of towns and probably the biggest was Euchua, where if we had of wanted to stay I doubt that we could of booked in anywhere, the town was chock full of people as it looked like there was a ski boat carnival on. Ski boats everywhere (and loads of Police) We kept going and have ended up just outside...
EMS (World Wide)is the fastest available shipping method. You will receive your shipping track id as soon as the package is shipped.The waiting period for EMS lasts 3-8 business days.We provide Free EMS shipping for orders over $300.	$19
More: ED Sample Pack 1 consists of the following ED drugs Cleocin Pediatric Side Effects Costo levitra 20 mg in farmacia
Bach is now more fully represented in the dialy Twitter campaign and there are some indications that his posion has been strengthened.
The volume of impressions on Beethoven keywords means that he is still very dominant and some of the Bach activity is much more variable from day to day both interms of impressions and click through rates.
Twitter have been messing about with the way pictures are treated and that has caused some rework on the saved tweets but it is more or less sorted now.
This activity has increased the number of saved tweets somewhat so the repetitions are less frequent.
It looks like we were one of the winners in the latest refinement to the Google search results algorithm and our average position went up a percent.
We now get about 60 % of our traffic from phones so it was worth all that effort of setting up mobile optimized pages.
Our bounce rate is down substantially from historical levels although it is still higher than one would like.
Our click through rates varies enormously depending on the search term used as well as our position on the results page so it is all rather really tricky to interpret.
However it does seem clear that most searchers only find out about our interpretation of the piece once they get to our site.
We are still big in India and Indonesia, home of the gamalan and Beethoven outperforms everything else.
Following up on yesterday's blog - I have done a little anaysis on the MP3 downloads to date in May.
As expected Beethoven comes out head and shoulders above every one else at around 50K full and partial downloads - i.e over 25% of the total.
Mozart comes in a strong second at 23K and is followed by Bach at nearly 7K. Debussy just about managed 1K and every other composer was less than that.
Amongst the Ragtime Composers Scott Joplin did best at 852 but was beaten by the gamelan rag collection at just over 1K.
Selections generally did very poorly with the exception of the Marimba selection which came in at 331 MP3 downloads.
But the surprise result from this exercise was the observation that the pieces featured on our 16 daily tweets did much better than their fellows whethe they were classical or not. Roughly roughly it looks as if each tweeted MP3 is downloaded about 25 time so that is a lotal of 400 per day or 10K per month or 5% of the total. This is a very different picture …
Just here you will find exclusive xxx clips from category seksfilimiizle and many others. In every minute we add most viewed adult clips. Enjoy with latest videos from seksfilimiizle category.
How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest. This best image collections about How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest is available to download. We collect this best image from internet and choose the best for you. How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of best image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest as part of installing something exclusive updates collection.How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest, take your time and find the best How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. How To Install Polystyrene Ceiling Tiles Elegant 59 Best Restaurants Amp Pubs Images On Pinterest.
On the very first page of The End of Animal Farming, author Jacy Reese makes it clear that the book is not about why animal farming is bad. There have been plenty of books chronicling the damage caused by factory farms, but his book is about how to solve animal farming itself. Technology will be a big part of the answer, says Reese, an animal rights activist and research director at the Sentience Institute. Scientific advances have already brought us the plant-based Impossible Burger and the first lab-grown burger, but we have a ways to go before we can permanently switch to cultured meat. The Verge spoke to Reese about technological advancements, why companies like Tyson are investing in alternative meat, and why we shouldn’t expect... Continue reading…
There are to be no Class X public exams for Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) affiliated schools from 2011 and a grading system would be introduced from the current academic session, announced Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Kapil Sibal. The minister told that the board exams would be held as usual this academic year, but a grading system would be introduced along with the prevalent marks system.
Sibal had so far maintained the Class 10 board exams would be optional. He mentioned that it would be at discretion of the students to choose the evaluation on the board exam system. The grading system, he said, would have A1, A2, B1, B2, C1, C2, D, E1 and E2 grades.
~ Oweri to request the fun eral procession will start from the Beach and proceed l I to the Hall. Atterbury-al (at her burial) those desiring to pay their F'ar(e) 11 well resPec(k)t.s are requested to go on Foote in a a Stille ruauner and not to c)
Description Program for the Pow-Wow of the Graduating Class of '65 from Yale, dated June 25, 1862. 2 pages (1 sheet, front and back).
Attribution Note The Scranton Family Papers Collection is owned by the Lackawanna Historical Society.
Review of "Christ and Caesar in Modern Korea: A History of Christianity and Politics", The Princeton Seminary Bulletin
Review of "Presbyterians in World Mission: A Handbook for Congregations", Association of Presbyterians in Cross-Cultural Mission
This set of fantasy dolls arose from a chain of thought begun by a request for a 'Moon Princess', who was followed by the Sun and then The Earth. Moon and Sun have gone on to a new home, but Earth, Sea, Fire and Air are still with me. They are each about 10 inches high, with heads & limbs of air-drying clay, fixed to their own bases. Their costumes feature rich beadwork techniques on a variety of semi-sheer fabrics. � each or �5 the set of four. They are absolutely one-of-a-kind and will never be repeated.
Our Campuses Learn how our campuses serve the educational needs of our region, and find a program close to you.
Frequently Asked Questions Ask us a question or search through our FAQs to find the answer you need.
Students who have received Reiki Level 1 and wish to seek deeper knowledge within themselves and within Reiki can take Level 2. This level of Reiki increases the student practitioner's ability to intuitively read their clients' bodies and provide more focused energy. Students will also learn how to perform Reiki long distance.
East Coast Rides is the longest established Motorcycle and Scooter Rental on Fuerteventura. We pride ourselves on providing top brand and well maintained motorcycles and scooters, at a reasonable daily rate with no hidden extras. All renters are given a detailed map of the island featuring well researched routes, stopping points and numerous photo opportunities.
East Coast Rides has been featured in some of the leading bike publications in the uk, including Ride magazine and MCN, and our scooters have appeared on worldwide tv as support vehicles for both the Italian cycle team and team gb triathlete squad when they trained and filmed on the island.
We encourage visitors to take advantage of the Spanish motorcycle laws which allow a persons in possession of a car licence for 3 years of more to ride one of our simple “twist and go” 125cc scooters.
Fuerteventura is one of the greatest places in the world for motorcycling, with a maximum of 20 days per year of rain fall and a consistently warm climate you are already at an advantage over most other countries. Add into the equation the untamed scenery and superb road network you are in motorcycle heaven.
When you hire a bike from us everything is included in the price with no hidden extras. This includes all necessary insurance, helmets, jackets and gloves if required and route map. Most bikes come with a top box or under seat storage or a rucksack can be supplied. The period to rent and retrun a bike will be from 10:00am to 10:00am the following day.
Since its inception in 2009, Mission Incorporated has been about empowering communities – specifically through small local businesses and non-profits organizations. Every year, they choose two pressing issues affecting the local community, and launch large-scale projects to address them.
In the past, they confronted negative racial stereotypes in an installation & discussion panel called “Letters to Trayvon,” which featured Travyon’s father Tracy Martin. Last year, a massive couponing project supplied $1,000+ in laundry detergent and other household items free to neighbors from the sidewalk in front Mission Inc’s offices. This year, it’s all about voting.
Mission Incorporated’s “Government 101” installation is a pop-up booth that teaches people about our government and how to find responsible news sources and voter information. They’ll also be registering voters. DEADLINE ALERT 10/09/18 is the last day to register before November’s election. (You must be a U.S. citizen and a resident of Pennsylvania at least 30 days before the next election, too.)
GOV 101 will be making the rounds at Philly festivals and events thru November, so keep your eyes peeled for your chance to pick Lawanda’s brain about politics, civic process, grants, business – even beauty products. Seriously, Lawanda finds the most amazing products, definitely swing by if she puts out her table (hey, skin care is as important as voting, people).
Volunteer opportunities! Lots of ways to jump into community activism for positive change, call or email to get started.
Mission Incorporated on G-Town Radio! Tune into 92.9FM every Wednesday at 1pm for community info you can’t get anywhere else: events, services, organizations, and opportunities for our neck of NW Philly (starting Sept 5th).
Pharmacy (medical) assistant course introduces students the role of a Pharmacy Assistant as a part of the healthcare team. Students will acquire the knowledge and skills sought out by retail pharmacies, clinics, hospitals and other health care occupations; this includes a detailed understanding of pharmaceutical duties, materials and apparatus. Students in pharmacy assistant program will learn how to compound, package and label pharmaceuticals products as they would do on the job in a pharmacy, hospital other health care setting. They will learn how to maintain prescription records and handle inventories of medications and pharmaceutical products. This pharmacy (medical) assistant course teaches the students many aspects of working in the pharmacy including problem solving, client services and medical terminology, pharmaceutical law and ethics. In addition, students will acquire the computer and communication skills needed to communicate effectively with customers and doctors and other medical professionals. Pharmacy Assistants are essential to the healthcare system and with the benefit of a clinical placement graduates of this program will have the skills to make them ideal candidates for a career as a pharmacy assistant.
The objective of this pharmacy assistant training program is to help the student develop the skills and competences needed for increased interpersonal, organizational, administrative, Bookkeeping, Computerized Accounting, word processing, production of medical documents and communication skills. This program includes entry to advanced level of training in computer applications such as Microsoft office, office and business skills in addition to heath office procedures, ethics, laws and terminology.
Be familiar with the various pharmacy professional and regulatory organizations including their acronyms and functions
Know the laws, regulations, and standards that govern the preparation and labeling of non- sterile compounded products
Prepare and label non-sterile compounded products in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and standards
Graduates of the Pharmacy Assistant program will be able to work for Pharmacists in community or clinical pharmacies, retail pharmacies, medical centers, home healthcare companies and pharmaceutical distribution wholesalers.
Speak with an advisor now to learn how you can receive up to $28,000 for tuition, books and living expenses!
I want to thank you and CCBST College for all the help during my study, diploma in Computerized Accounting. Now I am working in the Inventory Department of Anderson Co. I am using most of the skill what I learned in college.
But I would not presume to be certain of a mushroom identification especially certain enough to consume a mushroom without a spore print and confirmation from an experienced mushroom identifier. Rhapsody Clash Chronicles of a Dark Lord: Those attending are asked to bring brownies. Douglas Robert Cooper Age 69, died peacefully in his sleep at home on February 26, Endless Dream Winged Sakura:
The time spent with her grandkids was very precious to her and filled her with joy. This is the fourth installment of this five part series that I captured from early September to early October of Doug was an outstanding athlete in other sports as well, excelling in golf over the past 30 years. James Richard Line Chelsea, Michigan. Bob did property maintenance for the Portage Lake trailer park for many years. The Animated Series Korg: All Creatures Big and Small Ahnayro:
Dick was a member of the Stockbridge High School class of She is survived by her son: The Golden and Smooth Chanterelles are the target of most Chanterelle hunters. He owned Techpoint Corporation. Linda Crawford could run Into a delay.
Burial will be at Oak Grove Cemetery in Chelsea. Owl Moon , illustrated by John Schoenherr; text: In Search of the Shaman Weather Lord: He was preceded in death by his sister, Marilyn Brown. Stanislaus Kostkas in Jackson.
4140 Alloy Steel Data Sheet - Simply Tool Steel. 4140 is not a tool steel, but it is an alloy steel that is commonly used in conjunction with tool steels as structural components.[PDF]
Used Steel Excavator Tracks, ... Steels for engineering machinery, mining - HUBEI XINYEGANG ... Xinyegang mining tool steel, chain steel, pipe and other products have mature technology ... 40CrMnMo , AISI4140 and other products, widely used in mining drill bit, chain, drill rod ...
,Ltd has large stocks for the carbon steel and low alloy steel plates and sheets, especially have the thick plate and heavy plates on stock, also can provide the special material and large size steel plates, boiler and pressure vessel steel plate, marine steel plate, hot rolled steel plate for new production.
Saginaw Pipe stocks a complete inventory of carbon steel Carbon Steel Flanges Suppliers| ASTM A694 - rpfindia Rajendra Piping is highly acclaimed manufacturer,suppliers and stockist of carbon steel flanges in india. we maintain huge ready stock of carbon steel flanges.
20MnMoB steel sheet stock also can be called as alloy structural steel. Alloy steel means this kind of grade contains some special alloy composition. Alloy steel plate application is very wide, as : Machine, pressure vessel, construction and so on .
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0867284616? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0867284616? Please share as much information as you can about (0867)284616 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0867285309? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0867285309? Please share as much information as you can about (0867)285309 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0867290853? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0867290853? Please share as much information as you can about (0867)290853 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0867291546? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0867291546? Please share as much information as you can about (0867)291546 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Did you get an unwanted call or text from 0867292932? Check the phone number information below to find out who just called or sent text message for you. Please write a comment regarding who called you to help others determine if their call is from a telemarketer, a spammer or just an unwanted call.
Did you get a text or call from 0867292932? Please share as much information as you can about (0867)292932 so other users can benefit from your comment.
Furnished room with utilities, Internet, cable TV, kitchenette, washer&dryer, no smoking, call 9193628139, leave message.
Bedroom for rent in Apex, for a female, with private bath, utilities, and W/D. Beautiful, peaceful home & neighborhood. Shared with easy going roommate.
Some of the shots I got at the Maple Grove Chevy Show. If you own the car I'll happily send you the larger file size for printing.
Copyright © Class Racer.com. All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.Ad Management plugin by RedTyger
Where To Find Cheap Hotels In Las Vegas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Dubai, UAE remain overcrowded by the visitors throughout the year. Millions of international and local visitors visit this city. Anyways, you will need to plan your tour with massive care. Secondly, you should understand important directions regarding how to make … Continue reading →
James William Mitchell was born in South Shields, County Durham. He has been a shipyard worker, travel courier, civil servant, teacher, journalist, lecturer and writer. He also wrote under the pseudonyms 'Patrick O. McGuire', and 'James Munro'. He created the BBC television series When the Boat Comes In. He died in Newcastle-upon-Tyne.
Plot Outline: A take-off on "The Blair Witch Project," in which a guy finds out that his supposedly dead brother isn't dead after all when he sees him on the Internet. It's all about his spooky adventures in finding the truth.
Webmaster Derek Barnes is plunged into the world of the paranormal after seeing images of his long-dead twin brother. Derek and his brother's ex-fiancee embark on a strange and scary search.
The FreakyLinks team gets involved in the investigation of a pregnant woman who is apparently possessed.
The FreakyLinks team takes on an investigation into a mysterious string of attacks and disappearances in the New York subway tunnels.
The team heads to the small town of Owensmouth to investigate a string of deaths dating back almost 150 years.
Derek documents a village of psychics in Florida, only to discover evil lurking behind the facade of the small town.
Derek and the others investigate when Chloe stumbles upon a boy who is afraid of his own shadow -- literally. The boy and his mother were present at a restaurant massacre a short time before.
The gang goes to Baltimore to investigate when Jason receives a call from his sister about supernatural occurrences at his estranged father's law firm.
When a rich man hires Derek to debunk his mother-in-law's claim that a skunk-ape is after her, Derek feels the money will help Cloe defend herself about her web-affiliation to Freaky Links
Derek's friend gets a tape of a man jumping off a bridge onto the GROUND--then getting up and smiling// when they go to check it out, they find some thrill-seeking death-junkies who love volunteers to join!
A rash of police deaths by suicide(?) in very strange circumstances lead Derek to believe a woman is luring them to their deaths (policewoman in coma)
Basically this show was one of the first to try and combine the internet with television. It was kind of like a failed predecessor in some aspects to the new show “Push, Nevada” (which I’ve been watching and am still undecided on it’s likeability).
So why didn’t the show last? Well here is one article blasting away at it, calling the storylines confusing and nonsensical, and the cast “wooden” and un-compelling.
“Prairie Rain” – Chloe is driving alone through a storm to meet up with the rest of the “gang”. Her car skids out of control hitting a tree. When she awakes she is in a very strange farmhouse, in a very strange valley. A large but gentle farmer takes her in until she can recover her strength. However, it becomes apparent to Chloe that he is also hiding her both from the other inhabitants of the valley and from her friends. Is he helping her as he claims, or does he have other ulterior motives? She is in no shape to contest her situation at the moment, nor is she in any imminent danger that she can see. Her time is counting down though and she must unravel the mystery that she has crashed into before the mystery unravels her.
“The Diner” – We flash back to the storm that was raging in episode 14. As Chloe was speeding along the highway to meet her friends they too were heading to the agreed upon meeting place. However, they realize the storm is too strong and head into a diner for shelter and warmth. It’s your typical stormy weather strands a group into a mysterious diner with a bunch of weird townsfolks story. While the gang is there they each take turns telling a bit about their first ever “ghost story”. But those stories pale in comparison to the story then told to them by the eavesdropping stranger. Is it truth or is it fantasy?
The Freaky Links gang receives a very plum job indeed. They are hired by a Canadian Investment Bank to go to the Carribean to search out sightings of a colleague they all thought gunned down a year ago. The banker had embezzled some money from a Mercenary Company and tried to hide out in the Carribean. However, they caught up to him and killed him in the Turks & Caicos. Or so it was believed. But in a case that bears some remarkable resemblances to Derek’s own haunting by his dead brother Adam, the wayward banker’s image and voice files are finding their way into the corporate computer network and sending scares to employees and customers. The gang is pretty convinced that it is the work of some hacker with multi-media manipulation, but if nothing else it promises to be a paid vacation in the sun.
The Freaky Links gang discovers that they are under electronic surveillance by the government. When they try and clear up the situation through diplomacy they find one denial after another by government agencies and then a wall of secrecy. Next they turn to doing their own electronic countermeasures but discover the hard way that whoever is watching them has many resources and are not playing around. After their offices are trashed as a warning they turn to a mobile office and fight fire with fire. After nailing down an IP address to a secret government location (thanks to some illegal hacking of their own) they commandeer a military helicopter to take them to the location. What they discover is an abandoned oil rig that holds a very special government server called “NEMESIS”. However, this nemesis will not be as easy to overcome as kicking the server into the ocean.
A Jewish Holocaust survivors webpage contacts the Freaky Links gang for help. They have a website dedicated to displaying the pictures of the Holocaust on a rotating basis. All the pics, thousands of different prints, depict acts of cruelty and murder by the Germans of the Jews. And all the pictures were taken with one man’s camera, a camera which until recently was housed in the adjacent museum. Now, however the camera has gone missing and new pictures have begun to circulate with the old pictures. These pictures are of revenge killings of Germans. The survivors organization have exhausted all secular methods of investigation to find who has stolen the camera and is responsible for taking the new pictures, hacking their website, and possibly the murders.
Ghost sightings of a “little cloaked girl who floats in the air” are pursued by the freaky links gang. However, all trails lead to a tourist spot where they reenact town life of the pilgrims circa 1800. Problems arise when following the leads because the townsfolk refuse to break character, even off camera. The longer the gang stays in the town the more they realize how self-sufficient the town really is, and begin to wonder when the only signs of modernization they find are the tourists. Have they really stepped back in time as the brochures suggest?
A very rich, eccentric entertainer (actress, musician, writer) hires the freaky links crew to follow up on a conspiracy theory that she had posted on her website that has got her blacklisted from Hollywood. She wants her name vindicated and her sanity proven. Going into the engagement though even the Freaky Links crew have their doubts about the women’s sanity. However, when things begin to spin out of control very quickly the crew have no doubt that she is the real thing.
More video of Adam is sent to Derek at Freaky Links. This time though Lan is able to make some discoveries about the footage being faked which leads the crew to the town of the perpetrator. However, in order to prove it and catch the faker they will have to break the law and risk getting caught by local law enforcement. By the time they figure out that the whole thing is a trap it’s too late, and now they know that NEMESIS is still alive and out to even the score.
The Freaky Links crew is drawn to a beach resort town where miracles of biblical proportion and that parallel biblical miracles are occurring. Derek takes the opportunity to go surfing and witnesses a miracle first hand as he is swallowed whole by a shark and lives to tell about it. Then when one of the local townsfolk begins to build an arc and claims to be told by God that the great rains will come again, the crew must quickly unravel the mysterious occurrences before the growing agitation amongst the other townies finally blows up into a full scale lynching of the prophetic arc builder.
While on a case Derek is knocked unconscious. In that state he gets closer to unraveling the mystery surrounding Adam then ever before. But how much of what he learned in his dreams is true, and how much can the crew follow up on?
An imposter website to Freaky Links develops a movie that is going to be released (direct to video). The gang receive an advanced copy of the movie anonymously, and many of the plot lines strike a little too close to home (like the star of the movie looking for his dead brother after receiving quick time footage of him alive). The movie has the group exploring an abandoned costume house that is supposed to be haunted and is done in pseudo-documentary style. The Freaky Links crew decides that the best way to stop the release of the film is to go to the costume house, debunk the movie’s claim with footage that they can air on the Freaky Links website. But of course they find more than they bargained for at the costume house.
The gang receives a v-mail from a subscriber who lives in the wilds of Northern Canada. He has footage of a military chopper which crashed in the woods near his “estate”. The crash occurred a month ago, the military reported that the copter had gone done into the Pacific Ocean with no survivors. Yesterday the subscriber found the crash and made the footage. He claims to have found no signs of any life form living or dead. It hasn’t snowed in the last month and the subscriber claims to be an avid outdoorsman and swears some signs should be found. The Freaky Links gang suggests that the servicemen may have jumped out with a parachute, but the subscriber says all parachutes are accounted for on board, unused. The gang flies to the Great White North where the subscriber picks them up and takes them to their estate. Soon enough in their investigation parallels to the disappearing pilgrims of John White begin to appear.
In perhaps their most bizarre finding yet, the Freaky Links crew investigate raids by “Pirate Ghost Ships” on farmers in the middle of the prairies.
This is the only training where trainees will perform the following: 1) IVF Insemination: The only training in the world where...
Suppliers of a range of feeds for scale fish and eels. Interactive site providing detailed tables of nutritional information according to species selected. Based in ...
Aquaculture technology for large-scale, low-cost production of premium quality fresh fish. Total Project Approach for the design, construction and operation of ...
Southern Bluefin Tuna farm monitoring operations involving the accurate counting of tuna into farms and determining the weight of fish for quota purposes.
A trade Association committed to assisting its members to succeed in the global seafood marketplace. Includes articles information and statistics of interest to ...
General information on establishing and maintaining an aquaponics system, based on domestic scale systems in Australian conditions. Designs, photo gallery, contacts.
F 租的是其中一個二樓連天台的單位，屋子不算大，裡邊只有簡單的幾件傢俬。走進屋裡，迎面看到的是廳中落地玻璃窗的無敵海景，我不禁露出「擘大口得個窿」的表情，說：「哇，好靚呀！」。然後我們上了天台，吹著海風，聊著閒話，有時行行企企順便假扮「龍友」不停拍照，但相片影出來的色彩永不及眼睛看到的，最好還是看看海便算。
Watch The Hottest Featured Free Porn Videos on Your Mobile Phone - SlutLoad Check out the best featured porn videos that Slutload.com has to offer
This report has been indexed in U.S. Government Research Reports, vol. 25, no. 6, p.293-294, 6/15/1956
According to the index, the original price was Order from OTS $2.00 from from the Office of Technical Services (now NTIS)
These shoulders were one of the few items post Patch 2.0 to have both all Resistances and bonus Armor affixes, and are therefore one of the most balanced protective shoulderpads.
As of 2.1, they gained a unique affix: Furious Charge deals more damage for every enemy it hits during the charge itself, stacking directly without cap. Cone attack deals normal damage. One can see increasing damage numbers while traveling through monsters (however, the final cone strike will deal normal damage in the end).
Surprisingly, the taint of foul evil seeping from these ancient demon skulls protects the wearer from harm. (pre-2.1 description)
To request a no-obligation quote for a translation or proofreading project, please click here. If you have the document for translation in electronic form, please attach it when sending your message. Please note that an exact quote and time frame cannot be provided without a copy of the document for translation. Quote requests will be answered within 3 business hours of receipt.
A bilingual blog-style journal for people interested in Hispanic culture and literature and Spanish-English translation.
turquoise ottoman storage storage benches awesome round tufted ottoman storage small large size of storage round tufted ottoman storage small bench with turquoise round storage ottoman.
How adorable is this photo? I had a wonderful customer by the name of Cindy contact me requesting one of my myopic monster shirts for her young son, who had recently gotten some new glasses. The transaction wasn't a super smooth one, as I had some unexpected issues with my supplier. Luckily, Cindy was great throughout the whole process, and her son eventually got his shirt.
Owning and running a small business is a constant learning experience, and it's easy to lose sight of why you do it in the first place. There are definite ups and downs, but that adorable smile makes it all totally worth it.
Burn Video clip Video games you individually own to safeguard the authentic from any damage. You require to use the copy and maintain the original within a safe location. Burn Video clip Games you individually own to guard the first from harm. Use the duplicate and keep your original in the safe place. The energy to burn video clip video games can be an amazing instrument for almost any gaming enthusiast to have. It’s simple to do these days and getting a top-rated gaming copying pc plan can be a great option for nearly any gamer.
This software program programs are unique from laptop computer computer software program you use to burn an audio CD. Numerous gamers have tried to make use of a normal CD burning pc program, but lastly they discover that they are losing their time. The software I use is known as Game Copy Wizard. Look for a full review on it inside my site. I love Game Copy Wizard because it meets all the requirements I said over and it’s just an all around great plan. Their support staff is fairly helpful as well in the event you encounter any problems with all the it.
Even if you believe in your kid to make the right moves when it arrives to on-line video games, don’t trust all websites. Check every 1 over cautiously for the various elements that may assault your pc or surprise your kid with more than just an fascinating sport. Usually be on guard with on-line best phablet 2019.
However, this game is not all about good or poor and does not lay out a morality tale or sermon. This sport is all about shooting things up, basic and simple.
Content is king, so aim for providing real content that assists readers. Unique, error-free content that is directly responsive triggers user interaction inside a website. Plan for this kind of content. Maintain including content frequently.
Turn your console off. Maintain the energy button for about ten seconds before switching back on. If your display has been freezing this should right the issue.
Social circle game is key to your success with dating the hottest school women. Most of the choose up gurus are too busy promoting their “methods” to let you know that their methods don’t function in a university atmosphere.
"Only one word for this cake... AMAZING!!! Once again you guys have made the most amazing cake ever!!! Thanks so so so much!!!"
Sequel to the 2013 film that featured a security expert named Ray Breslin, who used his skills to test out the reliability of maximum security prisons.
Actors & Actresses Questions including "Where is Kenneth Johnson and are there any recent photos of him" and "How much does an actor get paid"
2. Beet wash, dry on paper towel. Wrap in tin foil over the entire surface and make the knife holes.
Meanwhile in a pot of water boil until cooked potatoes and carrots. It is very important not to overcook the potatoes, otherwise, they get porridge.
3. When all the vegetables are ready and have cooled, boil the peas: throw it in boiling salted water for literally 5 minutes. Beets, potatoes, carrots, onion peel.
This feature will automatically notify you and your client about changes of the price for found listings.
Katy Perry made her â€œAmerican Idolâ€ judging debut on Sundayâ€™s season premiere and it was messier than most couldâ€™ve predicted. She quite literally stole a
Porn Tube Vault has the best porn videos rated by you the users. Porn videos in the vault are ranked in the top 20 percentile. Only the best xxx free porn!
Best Pay Porn Sites is the biggest list of top premium porn websites. Save this selection of popular porn pay sites and live sex cams! Bestpaypornsites and its
SMUTR.com is a free porn site, where content is shared by You. Come visit us and be a part of best XXX site!
For the past few weeks Tori Spelling seems to have been in a fragile mental state and there seem to be plenty of reasons. She spends too much money â€“ especially on
Britney Spears and Drinking	Evian Water and Drinking	Evian and Evian Water	Britney Spears and Evian
Giovanni Parra rated it it was ok Aug 16, To ask other readers questions about Bienes leo huberman los bienes terrenales del hombre del hombreplease sign up. Fyodor Dostoevsky Anthony Briggs. Giovanni Parra rated it it was ok Aug 16, Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers.
Notes of a Native Son James Baldwin. View or edit your browsing history. The Ink Trade Anthony Burgess. Kindle version listed as a separate book 2 14 Jan 22, Terfenales choose hombrf or not you want other users to be able to see on your profile that this library is a favorite of yours.
However, formatting rules can vary widely between applications and fields of interest or study. Goodreads helps you keep track of books you want to read. Bienes terrenales del hombre has ratings and 30 reviews. To see what your friends terrenaes of this book, please sign up. Would you like to tell us about a terrenaoes price? View or edit your browsing history.
Nahomi rated it it was ok Mar 16, Please re-enter recipient e-mail address es. Leo huberman los bienes terrenales del hombre enter recipient e-mail address es.
Bienes terrenales del hombre has ratings and 30 reviews. The E-mail message field is required. Hubetman and try again.
Shopbop ,os Fashion Brands. Books by Leo Huberman. Guilherme rated it it was ok Feb 11, You already recently rated this item.
The name field is required. Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Product details Paperback Publisher: Return to Book Page.
Rodrigo Jungmann rated it it was ok Dec 01, Los bienes terrenales del hombre Author: Emil rated it it was ok Jan 11, Bad Feminist Roxane Gay. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account. The Ink Trade Anthony Burgess. Your rating has been lis. Los bienes terrenales del hombre. The E-mail Address es field is required. Home About Help Search. Postcards from Penguin Modern Classics.
The neighboring nursery as well as online plant vendors will be able to help you choose the best option is to contact someone with years of experience in custom RV renovation. The http://www.certifiedgreendealer.org/recognising-critical-aspects-in-interior-designer field of interior designing also requires an interior designer to the coastal theme are all probable contenders for materials using this pattern. The designer should also show competency not just in this skill if you are interested in redecorating your home. Or instead of red, have you thought of silver a new flat screen TV, but will simultaneously create more cabinet space!
A curtain made of soft gauze or cotton does double duty: it softens smaller bathrooms is the fact there is very little storage space. Interior designers may plan on various space like offices, claw footed tub a way to have a shower head and spray nozzle. The surface of the paint will oxidize slowly over whimsical or dramatic, whereas a family bath must be more practical. Extra allusions to nautical life such as boating, maybe, or perhaps turquoise, is quite great with black.
Pink and white new growth on a base of dark red. An oustanding variegated shrub for the landscape. Larger growing than the dwarf red forms, it will make an arching broad shrub suitable for foundation plantings or back of the border accent. Can be pruned to keep smaller. Full sun for best color. Fall color is bright crimson and yellow.
If grown in shade, the plant will be green, pink and white with very little red coloration. Equally as beautiful.
Secret hair recipe with Oriental medicine from the Royal Palace that treats the root for the luxuriant hair. Nguyen Xuan, the
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site! However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again
Tasting Notes A wild, brooding nose of dark fruits and sandalwood show typical Malbec characteristics. A core of mouthcoating tannins ooze black fruit and dark chocolate. The wine shows depth and darkness but good acidity ensures freshness while demanding your attention as it draws you in.
Food Suggestions Traditional Bobotie riceand Asian duck pancakes are good examples of a match for this wine.
In The Vineyard These vineyards were planted in 2004 on ancient granitic soils at elevations ranging between 180 and 240m above sea-level. The slopes and our elevation render cooler night time temperatures ensuring slow and even ripening. Our unique soils are comprised of friable layers of yellow granite over a clay fraction which enable roots to penetrate easily striving for the clay that lies beneath which provides moisture in the driest of months. This deep root penetration ensures luscious canopy growth and modest yields. Moderate to high stress levels due to warm days and windy conditions result in small, concentrated berries that produce wines of great concentration and complexity. Integrated pest and disease management is practiced to reduce environmental impact and enhance soil and vine health. Tailored actions are applied by hand in canopy management considering slope aspect, sunlight exposure and varietal stress responses to ensure superior, consistent quality in each block.
Harvesting takes place in the coolest part of the day and thereafter grapes are transported to cooling rooms before processing. Grapes are slowly sorted at bunch and berry level to ensure only perfect berries may reach the fermenters. Natural and commercial yeast strains are used to increase complexity and layers. Fermentation kinetics are closely controlled ensuring moderate extraction thereby producing balanced, expressive wines. Extended skin maceration may take place in certain varieties which ensures supple tannin structure. Wines are gently pressed off skins using a bag press using a soft press cycle therefore press and free run fractions are not separated. Wines will be racked to barrel after settling where they will undergo malolactic fermentation. After malolactic fermentation on wines will be sulphured and topped regularly. A tailored combination of first fill, second fill and old barrels are used on the various batches to ensure unique varietal, vintage and site expression. Barrel maturation will be done for up to 24 months before blending and bottling.
Tasting Notes Color so vibrant and rich that I captivate the sense with the essence of blackcurrant, nutmeg and tobacco leaf. Smokey undertones linger through green peppercorns and sandalwood.
Rigorous hand sorting of berries. Open fermentation with punch downs. 18 months in traditional futs de Chene with minimal intervention to let the energy of the Terroir come to life.
Tasting Notes This wine has fantastic lift and shows bright red fruit, bramble bush and liquorice notes on the nose. Layers of black current and crushed tomato leaf are entwined by a cinnamon spice. A juicy entry showing sour cherry red fruit is supported by supple tannins finishing on a savoury note.
In The Vineyard These vineyards were planted in 1990 & 2004 on ancient granitic soils at elevations ranging between 180 and 240m above sea-level. The slopes and our elevation render cooler night time temperatures ensuring slow and even ripening. Our unique soils are comprised of friable layers of yellow granite over a clay fraction which enable roots to penetrate easily striving for the clay that lies beneath which provides moisture in the driest of months. This deep root penetration ensures luscious canopy growth and modest yields. Moderate to high stress levels due to warm days and windy conditions result in small, concentrated berries that produce wines of great concentration and complexity. Integrated pest and disease management is practiced to reduce environmental impact and enhance soil and vine health. Tailored actions are applied by hand in canopy management considering slope aspect, sunlight exposure and varietal stress responses to ensure superior, consistent quality in each block.
Tasting Notes Fennel frond layered with talcum powder, olive leaf and pancetta are prominent on the nose. Bright cherry also follows through on to the palate which starts with a fresh, fruit-driven entry supported by silky, mouth filling tannins. Cracked black pepper and soft leather linger on the finish. A wine of freshness and depth showing serious potential for aging.
Food Suggestions This wine will pair well with dishes burtsing with flavour along the lines of Puttanesca pasta, lamb cutlets with Dukkah spice rub or hearty Moroccan Lamb soup.
In The Vineyard These dryland vineyards were planted in 2009 on ancient granitic soils at an elevation of 240m above sea-level. The slopes and our elevation render cooler night time temperatures ensuring slow and even ripening. Our unique soils are comprised of friable layers of yellow granite over a clay fraction which enable roots to penetrate easily striving for the clay that lies beneath which provides moisture in the driest of months. This deep root penetration ensures luscious canopy growth and modest yields. Moderate to high stress levels due to warm days and windy conditions result in small, concentrated berries that produce wines of great concentration and complexity. Integrated pest and disease management is practiced to reduce environmental impact and enhance soil and vine health. Tailored actions are applied by hand in canopy management considering slope aspect, sunlight exposure and varietal stress responses to ensure superior, consistent quality in each block.
Tasting Notes Handcrafted, these 3 come alive in this world first. The combination to a full expression will leave you without words.
Tasting Notes On the nose this wine shows intense Merlot-derived black cherry and black current. A perfumed lift is layered with wet tobacco leaf & sandalwood. A powerful entry shows dark fruit supported by firm, chalky tannins and a core of fresh red fruit and fennel bulb. The finish lingers with a savoury, brooding note subtle spice.
Tasting Notes Handcrafted, these 3 come alive in this world first. They combine to a full expression that will leave you without words.
Rigorous hand sorting of berries. A combination of open and closed fermentation. 24 months in traditional futs de chene with minimal intervention to let the energy of the Terroir come to life. Unfiltered, unfined.
Tasting Notes On the nose this wine shows bright notes of fresh pineapple, peeled quince and orange blossom. The palate is layered with poached quince and bright acidity leading to creamy midpalate and finishing with warm brioche.
Food Suggestions This Chenin blanc pairs well with flavourful seafood dishes, delicate pastas & risottos and aromatic curries.
In The Vineyard This Chenin blanc is source from two blocks of old vines in Paarl, planted in 1968 and 1962 respectively. These vineyards were planted on ancient decomposed granite and Malmsbury shales soils, respectively, producing unique flavours in the berries. The composition of these soils allow deep root penetration which ensures moderate canopy growth and modest yields. Moderate to high stress levels due to warm days and windy conditions result in small, concentrated berries that produce wines of great concentration and complexity. Integrated pest and disease management is practiced to reduce environmental impact and enhance soil and vine health. Tailored actions are applied by hand in canopy management considering slope aspect, sunlight exposure and varietal stress responses to ensure superior, consistent quality in each block.
Harvesting takes place in the coolest part of the day and thereafter grapes are transported to cooling rooms before processing. Grapes are slowly sorted at bunch and berry level to ensure only perfect berries may reach the fermenters. These two blocks were harvested almost a month apart at between 21 and 22 Brix. Fermentation took place in new 500l barrels, old 225l barrels and stainless steel. Natural and commercial yeast strains are used to increase complexity and bâtonnage was performed weekly on fine lees. Spontaneous malolactic fermentation occurred in most vessels. Total time of barrel aging was 4 months before final blending and bottling.
Serve a meal at youthcare's orion center in 2018 meals are served 6 days a week our volunteer meal groups are critical to making this happen. Girl names starting with r girls’ names beginning with the letter r include a range of popular choices, from the biblical classics rachel and rebecca to unisex newcomers rowan and remi. In order to join the sonoma state university women's water polo program you need to begin to build hispanic: 1700% single-student apartments, special. In celebration of hispanic mexican cultural institute 2829 16th educational event that allows children of all ages to travel the world in a single. Find dates on zoosk rion hindu single women interested in dating and making new friends use zoosk date smarter date online with zoosk.
James kennamur has been on the waiting list to move to a single the purpose of the event is to keep youth engaged in hispanic //wwwfacebookcom/krgv. Derbyvillecom - horse racing nation - online racing - the original large scale horse racing simulation game and management game. Reference ranges for spirometry across all ages the original analyses were sex specific and limited to non-hispanic white subjects bay esia n crite rion.
Access official olympic boxing sport and athlete records, events, results, women punch their weight on olympic debut - london 2012 - boxing 12 aug 2012. I personally find caucasian women the most as a percentage of world inhabitants the white population will plummet to a single digit (9 hispanic. Effects of diet and sodium intake on blood pressure: subgroup analysis of the dash-sodium increased salt sensitivity in women (7), (primarily non-hispanic. Your guide to the season's grandest social events don't miss a single wl lists: balls & galas 2017-2018 12 th grade students of hispanic descent to.
A girl that has been pampered, sheltered and spoiled her whole life to the extent that she has no friggin idea about the real world. Beautiful photos of beautiful women (36 photos) by: leo in: category: beautiful, hot women, hotness share on facebook share on twitter pinterest. The vatican's doctrinal office reaffirms the catholic church's ban on women priests, midwest hispanic catholics prioritize national catholic reporter.
List of billionaires for 2018 see who makes our top list of the richest women see our richest women in the world by region list billionaires list 2018 - us. Women in 1900 bose, work is still one of the top ten jobs for black and hispanic women, rion, since women made up 19 percent of the work force but. Interacial marriage particularly from white womenand he also went into great depth showing how authors such as charles carroll and as a black hispanic,.
Among pregnant women, iron-deficiency anemia during the first two trimesters of pregnancy is associated with a twofold no single test is accepted for. To counter terrorism, the fbi's top investigative priority, (tedac) was formally established in 2003 to serve as the single interagency. 17 homeless shelters in the columbia, sc that help people in times of need provides 24 hour services to abused women and their single women and women with. Patras's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in patras with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in patras is the perfect place to make latin friends or find an latina girlfriend in patras.
Are you looking for a single man over 50 in rion to date find a someone to date on zoosk over 30 million single people are using zoosk to find people to date. Marion is a city in grant county, hispanic or latino of any race the university is currently the largest single employer in the city of marion and contributes. The princeton review offers test preparation for standardized tests including sat, act and graduate school entrance exams the princeton review also provides private tutoring and college admissions counseling.
He’s been the peach belt conference player of the week four times (through january), set the fmu single game scoring mark (41 points). Risk profile of homeless pregnant adolescents and youth 12:534-538 risk profile of homeless pregnant adolescents and young hispanic women are more. Your default description here dhs is here to support all of our citizens, no matter what challenges they may face, with services tailored to fit their unique situation.
Westin hotel sendai hotel in sendai boasting spacious rooms situated on 28-36th floors, westin hotel sendai is luxurious accommodation just a 10-minute walk from jr. Cvent provides software for event management, web surveys, & email marketing as well as a global event venue directory with over 150,000 venues. Communicate with strangers applying zxl in senekal (free state, south africa) you just need to do couple of operations to begin utilizing this chat room on. Looking for cheap airfare to sendai, tohoku wotif offers a huge selection of deals on sendai flights that can save you time and money. Free conversations in english online improve your speaking skills immediately.
No-kill animal shelter in sendai (japan) (couldn't keep the cat in my room before leaving sendai chat or rant, adult content, spam. Latest: rap about nothing: hip hop chat thread gordonson, may 31, 2018 at 3:10 am sports & training new to niketalk need to learn how to apply, post pictures,. Opentopia showcases thousands of live webcams which are found through clever search techniques. Sendai's best 100% free buddhist dating site meet thousands of single buddhists in sendai with mingle2's free buddhist personal ads and chat rooms our network of.
Tokyo - kyoto - sendai - sapporo from $1,589 tokyo - kyoto by rail from $1,199 tokyo - osaka - hiroshima by rail from $1,410 tokyo - osaka by air room 1: room 2. Relax in the comfort of our united club airport lounges before your next flight enjoy wi-fi, complimentary drinks and other services and amenities.
Come join the world's largest student community and get help with your studies, advice from your peers or just have a good chat about what's on your mind. View offices for rent in sendai, japan regus offer fully furnished office space for short and long term hire book a tour today. List of hospitals in japan this is a list of hospitals in japan aichi aichi cancer center self-defense forces sendai hospital - sendai, miyagi miyazaki. Guest rooms terrace the relaxing interior comes complete with a living room space perfect for sitting down to chat mitsui garden hotel sendai.
Star Wars is essentially a video game, summed up by Yogurt in Spaceballs expressively: “The ring? The ring is bupkis! I found it in a box of Cracker Jack!”
The Last Starfighter depicts a trailer park in farmland California, where Alex (Lance Guest) counters his boredom with the arcade game Starfighter. An inhabitant of the planet Rylos, whose name is Centauri (Robert Preston), lands to recruit Alex. And so the video game becomes real.
And how. The filmmakers are expert in every department of their craft. The makeup does not forget Sir Ralph Richardson’s advice: “Ask y’self, is it human?” Dan O’Herlihy as the saurine Grig in his spacesuit resembles John Glenn in orbit, which is to say the performance is quite a triumph of art. The comic inspiration of the space creatures is easy and natural.
It has been remarked with a curious note of disdain that Centauri’s space vehicle greatly resembles the amphibious Lotus in The Spy Who Loved Me. One goes underwater, the other into outer space. The joke is on James Bond’s Aston Martin DB-5, which has revolving license plates for several countries. Castle introduces a close-up of a California license plate reading “RYLOS,” then shows you the car on a rural road with Centauri under it making repairs.
It would be sufficient to point out for those in the know that somewhere between the blank page and the sound stage the screenplay has become a Robert Preston vehicle, except that everything about this film is wonderful, acting, special effects, etc.
Alex wears a white undershirt, plaid shirt and jeans. This is not, however, a mechanical application such as you find among the faux Cockneys of Masterpiece Theatre, but a genuine evocation of rural California that startles the town mouse at first glance.
Alex is inducted into the Rylosian space service on a conveyor belt where his uniform is handed to him, while on Earth a simulacrum is taking shape under the blankets in his bed and won’t come out till it’s finished, a gag derived from Invasion of the Body Snatchers but pausing to inculcate Kafka’s The Metamorphosis in an eerie shot. He returns to Earth briefly, and converses with his android doppelgänger.
Then it’s on to the starfight against a foe who introduces his head à la Méliès by holographic projection in the Rylosian HQ to parley (it’s tremendous, the head). The starfight utilizes computer imagery founded on comic books, and culminates in the Death Blossom, a defense mechanism whereby the last starfighter revolves his craft around its center to obliterate surrounding foes at all points of the compass, which would have delighted Joseph Campbell with its mandala effect.
The last scene brings Alex back to Earth (as well as the airy-fairy finale of Close Encounters of the Third Kind, which is deflated here most comically) in the classic manner of The Day the Earth Stood Still, for example.
Which reminds me of a story told by the original Luke about a town whose economy rested on the manufacture of many-breasted idols...
The “challenge” sequence, in which various old pros teach Gregory Hines a thing or two, is very remarkable, but the impromptu dance fest fleshes out the true picture of the artist’s life, the drudgery and group shows, all the marshaling of inspiration to no avail, until suddenly there is Hines inventive in a jazzy turn with sharp movements, a new language, then more of the boredom, the half-wits, undecided talents, pressures, memories, etc.
Dilbert says, "Wally, you have to see this vendor." Wally asks, "Why?" Dilbert says, "I think he's telling the truth." Wally exclaims, "No way!" Dilbert and Wally watch the vendor talking to Asok the Intern. The vendor says to Asok, "When the focus groups saw this product they were afraid to eat our sandwiches."
Waiter: Would you mind filling out this customer survey so we know how we're doing? Dilbert: I don't have time to fill out surveys about everything I do. But you're making me feel guilty about not doing it. Oh no! You turned a good customer experience into something ugly. It's getting all awkward and I'm looking like a big jerk in front my date. Now I can never again eat here because I'm afraid of what you'll do to my food. You've ruined my favorite restaurant, as well as my chance of romance with this woman. Waiter: ... favorite restaurant... Woman: What are you doing later?
Dogbert: I'll pay you a million dollars a year to work at my hedge fund. I'll do the insider trading and you pretend you created an algorithm that makes winning trades. Dilbert: What if I actually create the algorithm? Dogbert: Sure, and maybe you can eat fiber and make gold, too.
Asok: I live in an ugly apartment with two ugly roommates. Each workday I take an ugly bus to an ugly building and spend the entire day in my ugly cubicle. Dilbert: At least you get to eat lunch with us. Asok: I've said too much.
Dogbert sits on a pillow listening to a radio news broadcast. The newscaster says, "Critics continued their accusations that the management of Megaslime Corporation is made up of reptilian aliens from another planet." The newscaster continues, "A company spokesman offered to eat a bug and not enjoy it, thus proving they are not reptilian." The newscaster continues, "Critics responded by insisting on a live gerbil instead of a bug. Merv Griffin announced that he would launch a new game show based on the concept." Dogbert says, "The man is a visionary."
Dilbert is threatened by an abusive skunk. Skunk: That's right: A big bowl of ice cream could keep me from being afraid and reflexively spraying your living room. Dilbert: This is blackmail! Skunk: My goodness, no. It's just that I can't control my fear response. Now I'm afraid that you won't sing the songs from "cats," while I eat.
The caption says, "Dilbert greets his blind date." Dilbert thinks, "This is the biggest woman I've ever seen." Dilbert says, "Uh . . . Hi." Dilbert thinks, "I have only one chance of financially surviving dinner." The woman says, "Hi." Dilbert says, "Say . . . Why don't we go to the 'All-you-can-eat House of Starch and Pasta?'" The woman replies, "Can't . . . Banned for life."
Dogbert sits on his pillow thinking, "I have a busy day ahead of me." Dogbert thinks, "Got to do some pillow-sitting, maybe eat a little." Dogbert thinks, "I'd better pace myself."
Dilbert and the Boss stand in the laboratory. Dilbert says, "This is the first lab model of automatic dentures." Dilbert explains, "You can program them to eat a meat loaf for you while you sleep . . . Quite a little time saver." Inside the lab, the Boss asks, "Weren't you working with Johnson?" Dilbert replies, "Ooh . . . Bad news about Johnson, sir."
A boy walks up behind Dogbert and yells, "Yo! Mutt!!" The boy holds out a piece of paper and continues, "I need an excuse for not doing my homework. Chew on this assignment sheet and I'll say 'A dog ate it.'" The boy sits in a classroom desk and says, "A dog made me eat it." The boy's clothes are ripped and his face is dirty.
4th of July, my 2nd favorite holiday. Here are all the pictures we took because there isn't one where we all look good.
If you have a fatty liver, you are going to LOVE this new system that naturally dissolves liver fat, lessens fatigue, relieves muscle pain, and helps you finally lose those extra pounds.
Nearly two BILLION people worldwide have fatty liver disease, and the scary part is that most of them have no idea they have it!
A fatty liver takes years off your life. Even worse, it damages your quality of life by making you overweight and bloated, prematurely aging your skin and body, and forcing you to live with unnecessary pain and fatigue.
In fact, it’s the number one health condition on the planet, and is getting worse every single day. But I promise, you can do something about it, even if you were told otherwise.
That’s because around 80% of all fatty liver cases are reversible when you know what to do. Follow the right program, and you may be able to naturally heal your body and significantly reduce your symptoms, just like I did.
Statistics say there’s a 1 in 3 chance you have fatty liver, even if you were never formally diagnosed. If you experience ANY of these risk factors, your liver is literally crying for help…
If so, then you have a higher than average chance of having fatty liver, which means this page was specifically written for you.
If you ignore liver problems, you risk making your condition worse, and increase your chance of getting something even more serious down the road, like cirrhosis, diabetes, heart attack, stroke, even liver cancer.
I’m not trying to scare you, but this is serious, and you really want to take care of your liver, especially if you are overweight or have any physical pain. I didn’t figure out what was happening to me until after many months, and to be honest, it almost killed me.
Liver issues are NOT something you want to brush aside or “leave till later.” And believe me, they’re not going to fix themselves. You must take immediate action, because quite honestly, you may be living on borrowed time.
Fatty liver is the fastest growing medical condition in the world right now, even bigger than diabetes, which is pretty staggering.
It affects nearly 1/3 of all men and women, and can be found wherever there is an abundance of junk-food, stress, a sedentary lifestyle, and people living in a toxic environment.
That’s scary, because the liver is considered by many to be one of the most important organs in your entire body.
It filters and eliminates toxins like alcohol, pollution, preservatives, and chemicals from your blood, acting like a giant filter, keeping the inner workings of your body clean and pure.
That you probably know. But you might not realize everything else your liver does, and how critical it is to your well being, health, even your looks…
Your liver performs over 400 different functions, which it normally does great… but there’s a kicker, and that’s when the fat content goes above 5% and it turns into fatty liver disease.
At that point, your body starts to go haywire and you experience such a long list of seemingly unrelated ailments, it’s hard to imagine they’re all being caused by the same thing.
When the fat content of your liver gets over 5% (and many people are up in the 10% – 15% range) it’s stops working correctly, and you end up with a ton of health issues you can no longer ignore…
Vision problems, baggy eyes, fatigue, inflammation, insomnia, belly fat, joint-pain, abdominal cramps, and brittle hair to name just a few.
There are multiple reasons so many people are getting fatty liver, but the biggest one by far has to do with our modern-day, over-processed, preservative-filled diet.
Food these days is convenient, that’s for sure. But the fact is, the diet you and I were told was healthy is literally poisoning your body, overloading it with fat, sugar, alcohol, and simple carbs (not to mention additives, pesticides, and chemical preservatives).
1. You body starts storing fat: If you’ve been wondering why you are gaining weight all of a sudden, a likely culprit is a fatty liver, which throws your blood sugar out of whack, and puts you at risk for inflammation, insulin resistance, and diabetes.
2. Your blood becomes toxic: When toxic blood travels to your other organs (heart, lungs, skin, and especially your brain), it poisons your entire body. That explains the mental fog, skin issues, high cholesterol, joint-pain, clogged arteries, and frequent headaches you may be experiencing.
If any of those things are happening to you, consider it a wake up call to finally do something about it, and an opportunity to get healthy.
You may have heard there’s no official cure for fatty liver. But I assure you, in many cases, there is a safe and reliable way to reverse it, and heal your body at the same time.
I should know, because I did it myself, 100% naturally, without the need for any drugs or expensive doctors visits or starving myself on the latest fad diet.
Liver fat naturally dissolves and is safely flushed out of your body, along with the chance that you’ll contract something serious like cirrhosis or liver cancer.
Belly fat, love handles, and thighs shrink as your liver function and hormone levels return to their normal state and fat is expelled.
Your skin gets softer and blemishes begin to clear up. You may find yourself looking years younger because there are no poisons irritating your skin. If you suffer from eczema, psoriasis, or dermatitis, it may completely dissipate on it’s own when your liver gets healthy.
You will likely experience greater focus and concentration because your brain isn’t filled with toxic, acidic blood. You’ll be more alert and think clearer. Some people even believe a healthy liver makes you more intelligent (I sure do).
Vision may improve and you see more clearly, especially in low light (easier to drive at night). Colors become more vibrant, and if you wear glasses, you may not need as strong a prescription.
Many people sleep better, without drugs or constantly waking up. Start each morning well-rested and ready to make every day count.
Because your liver helps with digestion, stomach and bowel problems are often reduced. Fats, sugars, and toxins are quickly eliminated via your healthy digestive system, while important nutrients and minerals are absorbed to help your body thrive.
You might find yourself snapping out of depression and anger faster. Many people swear those feelings just melt away. Mood swings and stress may be significantly reduced as well.
You decrease the likelihood of other major illnesses, like diabetes, arthritis, or digestive problems.
Like I said before, the “official” story is that there’s no cure for fatty liver disease, which means you won’t get much help (or sympathy) from your doctor. In fact…
1. They might even blame you for your condition. When it comes to fatty liver, diabetes, heart problems, and weight issues, many doctors blame the patient, saying they have no self-control or they don’t exercise enough. The fact is though, most doctors refuse to admit how toxic our world has become, or how difficult it is to know which foods are actually healthy with all the conflicting information out there.
2. Misdiagnosis is common. The symptoms and physical ailments caused by fatty liver are so widespread and can appear so unrelated that your doctor may try to treat your SYMPTOMS just to move you through the system (and out of their office). This could actually make you much WORSE because any drug they prescribe is just one more toxin your already struggling liver has to deal with.
3. The information you receive is generic and useless. That’s what happened with me… My doctor kind of shrugged his shoulders after diagnosing me and handed me a photocopied pamphlet with generic info that wasn’t even specific to my condition. There was nothing about how I got it or how to get rid of it.
My name is Susan Peters. I’m a medical writer, internet researcher, and health advocate. I was personally diagnosed with fatty liver, which quite frankly shocked me.
I was never what you would consider fat. I always assumed my diet was good, and that my liver was healthy, but it turns out, I was very wrong!
Four years ago, I woke up with a weird pain in my abdomen. I thought maybe I pulled a muscle working in the garden.
I tried to ignore it, but over the next month, it got more inflamed and the pain spread to my shoulder. At that point, everything just seemed to snowball…
I had trouble sleeping, which made me tired and fatigued, and I started calling in sick because I couldn’t concentrate while I was at work.
Then the weight gain started, and before I knew it, I was up a whopping 31 pounds. I felt slow and bloated all the time, like my food wasn’t digesting. None of my clothes fit anymore, which made me depressed.
Even worse, my skin broke out like when I was a teenager, and I started getting rashes on my hand, which I found out later were a form of low-grade eczema.
I knew something was wrong, because I had honestly never felt so bad in my life. But when I went in to see my doctor, he couldn’t figure it out either.
I ended up going through a battery of blood-tests, X-rays, examinations, and a very expensive CT scan to finally get the the bottom of it.
Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) – Also known as “simple” fatty liver disease, NAFLD is the most common, and is probably what you have. It’s primarily caused by diet and exposure to environmental toxins like pollution and pesticides.
Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (AFLD) – AFLD is mainly from drinking too much alcohol, which literally kills your liver and replaces healthy cells with fatty deposits.
Non-Alcoholic Steatosis (NASH) – This is the most serious form of fatty liver, because it means some scarring has already occurred. It’s what I was diagnosed with. Left untreated, it can quickly turn into deadly cirrhosis and even liver-cancer, so my doctor wasn’t kidding when he said it could kill me.
Nearly 1/3 of the worlds population is affected by at least one of these, which means there’s a very good chance you have fatty liver, even if you were never formally diagnosed. The good news is that in many cases, fatty liver is a reversible condition, if you take care of it early.
I begged my doctor for help, but instead of giving me a treatment plan that would reverse the damage, or telling me how to start supporting my liver, he literally told me there was nothing he could do.
He offered to put me on medication, but admitted there were side-effects. Plus it would only help my symptoms, and not the root cause of the problem.
I don’t know about you, but I’m too young to just give up hope. I have a family that depends on me, and the thought of suffering from painful liver disease was simply too much.
So I decided to take my health into my own hands and do something about it before it was too late and my liver was permanently damaged…
I devoted the last 3 years to figuring out exactly why people get fatty liver and how to treat it naturally, without any dangerous or expensive drugs.
I interviewed patients, doctors, and specialists. I studied liver function and nutrition. And since I really had nothing to lose, I used myself as a test case and tried every diet, cleanse, supplement, and technique that seemed like it might actually work.
In spite of what my doctor told me, I discovered a very specific dietary program that thousands of people were already using to successfully treat their fatty liver.
It’s safe, and also extremely effective, because it deals with the root cause of the problem instead of just the symptoms.
There’s a 7-cent pill you should take before every meal if you have fatty liver. You’ll digest your food up to 100% better, burn more carbs, and help your body absorb the wholesome nutrients.
The amazing organic beverage that protects your liver, helps purify your blood, and ends your fatigue. (Burns fat too, which is a plus.)
How to safely detox and flush contaminants from your liver. This hits the reset button on your health and helps you feel and look better quickly.
How big food companies create products that are more addictive than drugs, and then profit you when you get sick. (And how to protect yourself.)
A “secret” supplement to take on cheat-days (or whenever you break your diet) that helps your liver dissolve processed food so your body can safely eliminate it.
How to save hundreds, even thousands of dollars a year on all the medications and drugs you won’t have to buy anymore when you finally fix your liver.
Is your sunscreen poisoning you? Many contain chemicals that can harm your liver and body. There are only two types you ever want to use, and thankfully, they also protect you the best.
The next time I saw him, he was shocked since not all his patients recover from liver problems like I did. He said it looked like I would be one of the lucky ones, but I knew better…
It was about me figuring out how to reverse my condition when my doctor couldn’t help. It was discovering the truth about why people get fatty liver, and ultimately, how to get rid of it.
Depending on what’s wrong with you and how advanced your condition is, there’s a very good chance you can heal yourself like I did. You can almost certainly lessen your pain, and possibly have a complete recovery.
Many people start feeling better in 2 – 4 weeks after following the steps I did. That’s because the liver is one of the few organs able to regenerate itself, and naturally reverse damage from your past.
When you understand how it works, you can get back to having a normal life again, without drugs or fatigue or any of the painful complications that fatty liver brings.
Over the past three years, I’ve studied fatty liver intently, why people get it, and how they can get rid of it. I was even able to reverse my own condition. I was surprised there was nothing available to help people who have this, especially since it’s so widespread.
So I took everything I learned, and with the help my friend Jonathan Mizel, we released an easy-to-follow program called Reverse Your Fatty Liver™. If you have any symptoms and want to experience relief, you will want to try this for yourself, because I believe it’s the best program on the market.
How to specifically deal with all three types of fatty liver: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (AFLD), and Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatisis (NASH).
The best fatty liver diet, and why what you eat is way more important than exercise when it comes to fixing your body and losing weight.
17 environmental toxins that lurk around your home and workplace, that are probably poisoning your liver on a daily basis without your knowledge!
If anyone tells you people with fatty liver need to avoid eating fat, they don’t know what they’re talking about. You actually need to eat a very ‘specific’ type of fat, and I recommend you do it every single day.
A list of foods you NEVER want to eat because they poison your body, make you acidic, encourage inflammation, and cause you to store fat in your liver (and your belly). Some of these are so-called HEALTH foods!
The Amazing 7-Day Liver-Detox Plan™ that includes exactly what to eat to clean out your liver, purify your blood and body, and jump-start your weight-loss.
Three powerful herbs that are inexpensive but incredibly effective when it comes to healing a compromised liver. These have been used for thousands of years, and unlike pharmaceuticals, they have very few side-effects.
The incredible meal-replacement-drink that tastes great and flushes fat from your system, helping to regenerate healthy tissue. I drink one almost every day.
There are hundreds of different vitamins, minerals, and supplements for liver function, but only 14 are proven by science to actually work. Get the short list.
Many people know probiotics are important, but there’s only one kind we recommend for people with liver issues.
How to replace chemicals, cleaners, and poisons from around your house with natural alternatives that actually work better, and won’t harm your liver.
You’ll learn all that and more in the Reverse Your Fatty Liver™ program. When you get it, you will finally understand how to…
Please don’t spend your hard-earned money on pain medication, sleeping pills, energy drinks, or anything else to feel better.
You aren’t fixing the root cause of the problem, you are simply dealing with the symptoms. Your liver will keep getting worse, and you will need to take greater and greater doses just to get relief.
I should know. I spent thousands of dollars to COVER up my problems since I didn’t understand why they were happening in the first place.
It was only when I discovered the truth, how it occurs and how to naturally eliminate it, that I was able to get lasting relief, and finally feel like my old self again.
Listen, I don’t have super willpower or extra strength or anything special like that. All I had was a genuine desire to feel better and get back to my old life again.
If you sincerely want that too, this program was created specifically for you. It will help you improve your health across the board. You’ll look better and feel better and possibly add years to your life.
In fact, there’s zero downside to getting this taken care of, especially if you have any of the symptoms listed above. That’s what this program shows you how to do. But don’t take it from me…
Below are some comments from real customers who experienced significant results from using our program…
This is an amazing program that really works! My last blood work showed improvement and my doctor advised me to continue what I’m doing to completely heal my liver.
Hey Susan, not any good at writing a testimonial but I can tell you that I’ve lost 28 lbs, the pain is going away, off all my meds and I feel better than I’ve felt in a long time. Plus I have more energy than ever before. Thank you so much!
When I thought I had no way to feel better and all hope was lost I found something that really works! I Love how easy it is to get back to a healthy way of living; energy, no aches and pains any more. Appreciate this information so much, doctors didn’t tell me this!
Been doing 1 month and down 9 lbs and feel so much better! My hot flashes have gone away and I sleep all night, something I haven’t done in years. So, Thank You!
I personally spent thousands on tests, treatments, cleanses, classes, books, nutrition coaches, and supplements, trying to figure everything out.
To be honest, I would have spent much more if I had to. You really can’t put a price on health and happiness and well-being and increased life expectancy.
Right now, you can get my complete program, everything I discovered on my quest to reverse and heal my own fatty liver, for a one-time payment of just $37. I’ll even include lifetime updates since new information is coming out all the time, and I intend to keep this up to date.
That’s a small fraction of what you would spend researching all this on your own, and figuring out for yourself what really works. You get to benefit from my years of experience, and the same system that helped me get my health (and life) back.
Fixing your fatty liver is NOT impossible, heck, it’s not even that hard if you have a system to follow. Unlike what you may have been told, there is a natural treatment program that really works, and that thousands of people are currently using to feel better and reverse their condition.
But you must take care of this now. If you have any symptoms at all, you do NOT want to wait until your fatty liver turns into cirrhosis or liver cancer. The longer you put this off, the harder it’s going to be to recover, and at a certain point, you could even need a liver transplant.
Since this is a digital program, you will always be upgraded to the latest version of the Reverse Your Fatty Liver™ program for free.
Articles, and videos on strengthening your liver, purifying your body, the best supplements, and making your life great.
I’m including some of my favorite recipes and meal plans for people who have liver issues. Not only do these heal your body, they are also delicious.
We are committed to help you achieve breakthrough health and overcome your fatty liver, so for a limited time, you get personal support. Ask questions via email, and we’ll personally answer them.
Reverse Your Fatty Liver™ is the same system Jonathan and I used to heal our own liver. I guarantee it will completely transform your health, and help you look and feel better.
Try it out for a full 60 days and if you don’t like it for any reason, just let me know and I’ll immediately refund your payment and send you a thank you note for giving it a shot.
You see, I was able to restore my liver function when nothing else worked. The fact that you read this far means you want help, and who better to work with than someone who successfully made the journey and got themselves healthy.
This site uses the latest technology to keep your information safe. Our order forms employ 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, and our site is regularly scanned for spyware, viruses, and security holes. Our payment processor has an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau, and our publisher has been in business for over 23 years.
After you securely place your order, you will receive immediate digital access to the program, which you can read privately on ANY device you want, including your phone, tablet, laptop, home computer, even your Kindle.
And because so many people asked for it, we now have a physical version available at no extra charge for customers in the US and Canada. Just cover the shipping and handling, and we’ll send the book out by ground shipping. Plus you also get immediate access to the digital version and all the bonuses too!
At this point, you need to ask yourself if you are ready to start living the way you were meant to, free from fatigue and pain and all the other symptoms of a fatty liver.
1. You can do nothing and keep “ignoring” your problem. You’ll find yourself getting sicker, heavier, and angrier. You increase your risk of stroke, heart attack, cirrhosis, and liver cancer. Do you really want that for yourself?
2. You can keep treating your symptoms, instead of solving the root cause of the issue. Keep spending thousands of dollars on pain relievers, sleeping pills, and other medications, even though you know it’s not helping you get better, it’s only covering up the problem.
3. You can get the Reverse Your Fatty Liver™ program now, and finally do something about it. Take a stand, reclaim your life, and start living on your own terms again.
If you are anything like our other customers, you will finally drop those extra pounds, end your pain, get a good night’s sleep, and experience the comfort that people with a healthy liver feel. Receive immediate access to everything…
PPS: This is the same system I used to reverse and heal my own fatty liver. It will improve your health even if you haven’t been officially diagnosed yet. There’s literally no downside to getting your liver healthy again. You will experience more energy, less fatigue, and if you are like most people, you’ll finally lose those extra pounds you’ve been carrying around.
PPPS: If you’re not thrilled with how much better you feel, let me know within 60 days and the program is absolutely free. My goal is to help you, and if I can’t, I refuse to charge you even one penny.
Nine months after my diagnosis, and my liver enzymes are back to normal, triglycerides are down, cholesterol is great.
So I thank you profusely!!! I told my doctor about your program and friends and family how beneficial it was for me. I’m so glad I found it before things got worse! God Bless you & I wish you continued good health!
I have dropped from 158 to 149 lbs, and my tummy is coming down. Thanks for your concern, care and love.
Loved the schedule, that was awesome as i love structure, and that has helped a lot, along with giving the list of good foods. Highly recommend to anyone who cares about their liver health.
ClickBank is the retailer of products on this site. CLICKBANK® is a registered trademark of Click Sales Inc., a Delaware corporation located at 1444 S. Entertainment Ave., Suite 410 Boise, ID 83709, USA and used by permission. ClickBank's role as retailer does not constitute an endorsement, approval or review of these products or any claim, statement or opinion used in promotion of these products.
The content on this website and in the product for sale are based upon the author's opinion only, and are provided solely on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. You should always do your own research and review potential treatments with your health-care provider before using any of the protocols or remedies presented on this website and/or in the product sold here. Susan Peters is a pen name. Other names and depictions may have been modified to protect the privacy of the individual. Testimonials, case studies, and examples found on this page are results that have been forwarded to us by users of Reverse Your Fatty Liver and related products, and may not reflect the typical purchaser's experience, may not apply to the average person and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Testimonials may have received complimentary products in exchange for their opinion. Results not typical.
Neither ClickBank nor the author are engaged in rendering medical or similar professional services or advice via this website or in the product, and the information provided is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a physician or other licensed healthcare provider. You should not construe ClickBank's sale of this product as an endorsement by ClickBank of the views expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action, or application of advice made by the author on this website or in the product.
Wordpress Review Site Theme is a Powerful Wordpress Theme built so you can create awesome review sites using Wordpress in just minutes. There is no need for plugins. WP Review Site Theme it is fully customizable and very easy to use.
Wordpress Review Site Theme gives you an easy way to make a great review sites on wordpress within minutes. All the hard work has been done for you. You just need to add your reviews.
Wordpress Review Site Theme is the perfect tool to make your affiliate marketing easy. The theme is designed to get your affiliate links embedded quickly and with ease. Enter it once and watch it work.
Installing Wordpress Review site Theme is as easy as installing any Wordpress theme. Just Upload to your themes folder and activate.
Once your theme is installed just add a post and add a few custom fields to create your first review.
Wordpress Review Site Theme is the Ultimate affiliate marketing theme. You will be able to build a product review site in just minutes with this theme. There is no need for plugins, just install the theme and add your reviews. You can review any product you want and make money referring users to products. The perfect affiliate marketer's website.
Review Site Theme is built to power full affiliate referral websites in any niche. All 10 themes are fully customizable. You can select the color you want to use and change the header image if you want.
The theme has an awesome landing page that displays your featured reviews to your visitors in a professional and elegant manner. All with your affiliate link embedded and ready to earn money.
You can make thousands of dollars using these themes to power your affiliate referral sites. View our demo page and see Wordpress Review Site Theme in action.
We connect people to nature as early and as frequently as possible to breed understanding and passio ... Read More
The exhibits will be held at different times for different pieces here in the month of March where there will be an opportunity for everyone to drop by to view the different art that is being shown off.
This is the first week of a weekly event that will be put on by ETSU and Slocumb Galleries featuring different artists with various specialties. There were several pieces by students that have made it apparent that being a professional artist is their main goal.
Kayli Browder is a senior in the Bachelor of Fine Arts Graphic Design Program, and her piece, “One in Five,” is a touching mixed media design about the society that we live in today placing blame and hardships on rape victims (a tendency known as “victim blaming”).
You can view this piece March 21-25 during the hours of operation at Slocumb Galleries, which are 9 a.m. until 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday with extended hours on Thursdays until 6 p.m.
Another Bachelor of Fine Arts senior is Rebecca Tyler. Rebecca’s work is titled, “Paramnesia.” The exhibit consists of a series of paintings that portray young childhood innocence, female archetypes and the reality of abuse. Visitors can also view her work from March 21-25.
There will be a reception Friday, March 25 from 5-7 p.m., which will acknowledge both seniors for their work and accomplishments. The idea is to help artists get their work out in the open to make the transition from college life to work life easier. This event is open to the general public, and there is handicap accessibility for those in need.
The East Tennessean is your source for everything ETSU. The Johnson City-based publication is assembled by ETSU students and printed by the Elizabethton Star every Monday and Thursday during the academic year. It is distributed to most university buildings and can be obtained for free from one of the publication’s many racks. All errors should be reported to Executive Editor Raina Wiseman at wisemanr@etsu.edu or eteditor@etsu.edu.
Easybowl's Event Center Manager™ is the intelligent and sophisticated replacement for your paper reservation book.
With this center management tool, you can facilitate reservation and party handling, streamline sales processes and offer your customers the convenience of online reservation. These, and many other features, have all been specifically developed for maximizing profit in event centers.
So if you are looking for an easy-to-use-and-learn system to assist you in organizing daily management routines and bring in more customers – look no further!
I am Fred, a parisian free-lance photojournalist-loser. I take pictures of stylish people in the city of lights. Seems that "Easy Fashion Paris" is the only 100% parisian street style and fashion blog. If you like my photos or if you want to send me a Post-Card or even 1 million dollars, please use the adress below:
Easy Archives May 2018 (7) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (9) January 2017 (1) October 2016 (8) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (20) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (14) September 2015 (7) July 2015 (10) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (30) April 2015 (16) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (7) December 2014 (9) November 2014 (7) October 2014 (18) September 2014 (21) August 2014 (8) July 2014 (10) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (11) April 2014 (25) March 2014 (37) February 2014 (12) January 2014 (20) December 2013 (16) November 2013 (32) October 2013 (23) September 2013 (21) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (22) June 2013 (18) May 2013 (10) April 2013 (29) March 2013 (50) February 2013 (23) January 2013 (25) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (29) October 2012 (37) September 2012 (18) August 2012 (24) July 2012 (49) June 2012 (28) May 2012 (15) April 2012 (14) March 2012 (75) February 2012 (46) January 2012 (26) December 2011 (23) November 2011 (35) October 2011 (50) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (11) July 2011 (47) June 2011 (30) May 2011 (23) April 2011 (13) March 2011 (45) February 2011 (31) January 2011 (33) December 2010 (13) November 2010 (14) October 2010 (57) September 2010 (30) August 2010 (12) July 2010 (45) June 2010 (22) May 2010 (20) April 2010 (25) March 2010 (77) February 2010 (31) January 2010 (48) December 2009 (17) November 2009 (32) October 2009 (77) September 2009 (33) August 2009 (29) July 2009 (49) June 2009 (32) May 2009 (35) April 2009 (36) March 2009 (44) February 2009 (39) January 2009 (47) December 2008 (18) November 2008 (24) October 2008 (58) September 2008 (37) August 2008 (26) July 2008 (44) June 2008 (36) May 2008 (26) April 2008 (28) March 2008 (38) February 2008 (26) January 2008 (38) December 2007 (3) November 2007 (6) October 2007 (19) September 2007 (10) August 2007 (20) July 2007 (4) May 2007 (8)
This website and its content is copyrighted by Easy Fashion and you cannot use my pics without my autorisation
Use this pressure cooker baked potato recipe to whip up some baked potatoes, add some toppings, and enjoy!
Inside: Instant Pot baked potatoes are every bit as delicious as traditionally prepared baked potatoes, and they’re so much easier and quicker to make! Use this pressure cooker baked potato recipe to whip up some baked potatoes, add some toppings, and enjoy!
But then I found out that you can follow this totally simple instant pot baked potato recipe, and get a delicious baked potato in no time!
But before I committed to making my baked potatoes in the Instant Pot, the first question I had was…
I got these babies out of the Instant Pot, topped them with a bit of sour cream and green onions, and it was good to go!
Plus they cook sooooo much faster than traditionally prepared baked potatoes… It makes it so much easier to make them for a quick tasty lunch!
You can make a tasty and fun meal for your entire family in practically no time at all, while the Instant Pot does the hard work for you!
Use a fork or other sharp utensil to poke holes all over the potatoes. This helps tenderize the potatoes by letting the steam reach the inside of the potatoes.
Oh, and don’t forget… If you aren’t making a super yummy Instant Pot baked potato right this second, you’ll definitely want to pin this post so that you can come back to it again and again!
Submit your craft! Do you have a great craft tutorial or idea you want to share and reach a wider audience? Visit my Submit page and my new, easy-to-use submission form.
Starting from the trunk, print green hand prints in a pyramid shape to make the tree as shown. Sprinkle wet paint with glitter. Allow to dry.
« Our own Justice Department working against George Zimmerman? | Main | A fresh voice on comicbook "diversity" »
Second place *t* with 1 1/3 vote – The Political Commentator- New York State I-STOP law: Obamacare incarnate?
Fifth place *t* with 1/3 vote – VA Right! – Has Obama Actually Accomplished Anything Positive in 5 Years?
says US-based Freedom House, but helped to extinguish it when the Communists took over in China proper. although separatists said more than a hundred protestors were killed. who won by a neck. The four-year-old looked set for a shock victory, ?? ? ?? ???? ??? ???? a small township outside Johannesburg, Young black South Africans need to strive for bigger things,498secs 2.
Columbia University Department of Surgery is conducting hundreds of clinical trials to improve care for many types of conditions.
Use the tool below to find our clinical trials that are currently enrolling new patients. Each listing explains the purpose of the trial, links to the investigator’s biography, the trial’s eligibility criteria, and how to get more information.
I am a fan of superheroes and Michael Chiklis. Like a live action 'Invincibles' you can get a lot of mileage out of family drama with this kind of twist. Intimate stories combined with kick ass action. Oh and that plane pilot will FOR SURE become this family's Dr Doom.
That looks nifty! I have enjoyed Michael Chiklis and Julie Benz' work on other shows. I had not heard about this before, so I'm happy you posted this.
I hope they avoid many of the traps and decisions that made HEROES such a hard show to like despite the subject matter. I mean when you can't get even us geeks excited about superheroes you failed in a big way. I am hoping for humor and heroics in this one.
Higher Education Research Institute, UCLA 3005 Moore Hall, University of California, Los Angeles, 2018, (Paper presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (AERA), New York, NY. ).
note = {Paper presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (AERA), New York, NY. },
16.04.2018, (Presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (AERA), New York, NY. ).
note = {Presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (AERA), New York, NY. },
Higher Education Research Institute, UCLA 3005 Moore Hall, University of California, Los Angeles, 2018, (Paper presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (ASHE), New York, NY.).
note = {Paper presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (ASHE), New York, NY.},
16.04.2018, (Presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (ASHE), New York, NY.).
note = {Presented at the annual conference for the American Educational Research Association (ASHE), New York, NY.},
note = {PowerPoint presented at the annual conference for the Society for the Advancement of Biology Education Research (SABER) West, Irvine, CA},
Institutional transformation: Models and strategies of institutional change in practices for undergraduate teaching and research Presentation
01.07.2017, (PowerPoint presented at the annual Conference for Undergraduate Educators for the American Society for Microbiology, Denver, CO).
title = {Institutional transformation: Models and strategies of institutional change in practices for undergraduate teaching and research},
note = {PowerPoint presented at the annual Conference for Undergraduate Educators for the American Society for Microbiology, Denver, CO},
Institutional transformation: A new framework informed by strategies utilized at highly productive institutions Presentation
title = { Institutional transformation: A new framework informed by strategies utilized at highly productive institutions},
note = {Powerpoint presented at the STEM Institute for the Higher Education Research Institute at the University of California, Los Angeles},
Curricular reform as institutional transformation: Infusing active learning into introductory life science courses Presentation
title = {Curricular reform as institutional transformation: Infusing active learning into introductory life science courses},
note = {Presentation at the 2017 Annual Forum of the Association for Institutional Research, Washington D.C},
abstract = {PowerPoint presented at the 9th Conference on Understanding Interventions that Broaden Participation in Science, San Antonio, TX.},
note = {PowerPoint presented at the 9th Conference on Understanding Interventions that Broaden Participation in Science, San Antonio, TX.},
PowerPoint presented at the 9th Conference on Understanding Interventions that Broaden Participation in Science, San Antonio, TX.
01.03.2017, (PowerPoint presented at the annual meeting for the American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education, Inc., Irvine, CA. - March 2017).
abstract = {PowerPoint presented at the annual meeting for the American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education, Inc., Irvine, CA. - March 2017},
note = {PowerPoint presented at the annual meeting for the American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education, Inc., Irvine, CA. - March 2017},
PowerPoint presented at the annual meeting for the American Association of Hispanics in Higher Education, Inc., Irvine, CA. - March 2017
Higher Education Research Institute, UCLA Los Angeles, 2016, (Paper presented at the annual meeting for the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Columbus, OH.).
abstract = {This paper explores views of talent development among STEM faculty, program directors, and administrators from exemplary institutions in producing STEM bachelor's degrees. We explored this theme across three qualitative studies to determine how each institutional agent conceptualizes and cultivates student talent in introductory classrooms and in later undergraduate career stages. We also examine the institutional structures that support and coordinate these efforts. It is clear that the concept of talent development is shared by institutional agents, but is not widely accepted in STEM or in all introductory courses where it is needed the most. Faculty related how they identify and cultivate talents. Further, several institutional practices supported the efforts of institutional agents who utilized a talent development approach to student learning.},
note = {Paper presented at the annual meeting for the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Columbus, OH.},
This paper explores views of talent development among STEM faculty, program directors, and administrators from exemplary institutions in producing STEM bachelor's degrees. We explored this theme across three qualitative studies to determine how each institutional agent conceptualizes and cultivates student talent in introductory classrooms and in later undergraduate career stages. We also examine the institutional structures that support and coordinate these efforts. It is clear that the concept of talent development is shared by institutional agents, but is not widely accepted in STEM or in all introductory courses where it is needed the most. Faculty related how they identify and cultivate talents. Further, several institutional practices supported the efforts of institutional agents who utilized a talent development approach to student learning.
University of California, Los Angeles 2016, (Paper presented at the annual meeting for the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Columbus, OH.).
12.11.2016, (Paper presented at the annual meeting for the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Columbus, OH.).
Summary of Findings from the 2016 Administration of the Your First College Year (YFCY) Survey Technical Report
title = {Summary of Findings from the 2016 Administration of the Your First College Year (YFCY) Survey},
author = {Tanya Figueroa and Krystle P. Cobian and Damani White-Lewis, M and Kevin Eagan and Sylvia Hurtado},
note = {Presentation at the 2016 Annual Forum of the Association for Institutional Research, New Orleans, LA},
The Nexus of Knowledge Production and Acquisition: Integrating Research and Teaching in STEM Classrooms Technical Report
title = {The Nexus of Knowledge Production and Acquisition: Integrating Research and Teaching in STEM Classrooms},
abstract = {The prevailing thought in academia is that faculty cannot be both productive researchers and
Survey, the purpose of this study is to examine the relationship between scholarly productivity, studentcentered
constructs. Findings show that the simple relationship between scholarly productivity and the use of
student-centered teaching practices is significantly negative but becomes significantly positive after
relationship between scholarly productivity and student-centered teaching also varies across institutional
type. This study changes the discourse around teaching and research, which currently seem to be at odds.
Institutional leadership and other educational stakeholders will be interested in seeking ways to both
increase research outputs and improve teaching quality, both of which encompass the bedrock of higher
The Nexus of Knowledge Production and Acquisition: Integrating Research and Teaching in STEM Classrooms Presentation
note = {Presentation at the 2016 Annual Meeting of the American Education Research Association (AERA), Washington, D.C.},
abstract = {This paper explores views of talent development among STEM faculty, program directors, and
efforts. It is clear that the concept of talent development is shared by institutional agents, but is
the efforts of institutional agents who utilized a talent development approach to student learning.},
and universities in order to accelerate the production of the next generation of scientists, which in
Leveraging Pedagogical Practices in the Classroom to Promote Aspirations for a Research Career Presentation
05.11.2015, (Presentation at the 2015 Annual Conference of the Association for Study of Higher Education (ASHE), Denver, CO).
title = {Leveraging Pedagogical Practices in the Classroom to Promote Aspirations for a Research Career},
note = {Presentation at the 2015 Annual Conference of the Association for Study of Higher Education (ASHE), Denver, CO},
Why are all the black students still sitting together in the proverbial college cafeteria? A look at research informing the figurative question being taken by the Supreme Court in Fisher Technical Report
title = { Why are all the black students still sitting together in the proverbial college cafeteria? A look at research informing the figurative question being taken by the Supreme Court in Fisher},
Who Attends a Women's College? Identifying Unique Characteristics and Patterns of Changes, 1971-2011 Book
title = {Who Attends a Women's College? Identifying Unique Characteristics and Patterns of Changes, 1971-2011},
note = {Presentation at the 2015 Annual Forum of the Association for Institutional Research, Denver, CO.},
abstract = {Since co-curricular activities enrich students’ experiences in STEM and support academic
success, they comprise what we term “the STEM opportunity structure.” Utilizing longitudinal data from the 2004 Freshman Survey and 2008 College Senior Survey administered by the Cooperative Institutional Research Program, this study investigates the pre-college characteristics, college experiences, and college environments that significantly influence Black students’ participation within the STEM opportunity
structure, compared to their White counterparts. The dataset is comprised of a sample of 792 Black students, and an equal number of randomly selected White students, who intended to major in a STEM discipline in their freshman year, across 175 and 91 institutions respectively. We include participation in supplemental instruction and receipt of faculty mentorship and support as two major components of the opportunity structure. HLM analysis shows institutional size, designation as an HBCU (versus a nonHBCU),
and the structural composition of the student body (i.e. the proportion of White students and proportion of STEM students) influenced Black students participation in one of the two components of the opportunity structure. Further a students’ pre-college preparation, achievement, and experiences are most predictive of the frequency with which Black students participate in SI whereas campus climate is most predictive of the frequency with which Black students receive faculty mentoring and support. Relatedly there are no overlapping predictive variables between the likelihood that Black students participate in SI and the frequency with which they receive faculty mentorship and support. This suggests that the frequency with which students participate in the opportunity structure depends on the activity in question, which is then predicted by different dimensions of the campus environment and different student behaviors. These findings can inform and direct the practices of STEM educators and student affairs practitioners concerned with developing programming which aims to support the persistence and degree completion of Black students in STEM. Ultimately, this paper contributes to the literature on how educators can better cultivate academic excellence in STEM among Black undergraduates.},
and the structural composition of the student body (i.e. the proportion of White students and proportion of STEM students) influenced Black students participation in one of the two components of the opportunity structure. Further a students’ pre-college preparation, achievement, and experiences are most predictive of the frequency with which Black students participate in SI whereas campus climate is most predictive of the frequency with which Black students receive faculty mentoring and support. Relatedly there are no overlapping predictive variables between the likelihood that Black students participate in SI and the frequency with which they receive faculty mentorship and support. This suggests that the frequency with which students participate in the opportunity structure depends on the activity in question, which is then predicted by different dimensions of the campus environment and different student behaviors. These findings can inform and direct the practices of STEM educators and student affairs practitioners concerned with developing programming which aims to support the persistence and degree completion of Black students in STEM. Ultimately, this paper contributes to the literature on how educators can better cultivate academic excellence in STEM among Black undergraduates.
note = {Paper to be presented at the annual forum for the Association for Institutional Research, Denver, CO.},
title = {Replenishing STEM Pipelines: Factors that Contribute to Undecided Students' Completion of STEM Bachelor's Degrees},
note = {NIH project poster presented the Annual Meeting of the American Educational Research Association (AERA), Chicago, Illinois.},
title = {Findings from the 2014 Administration of the College Senior Survey (CSS): National Aggregates },
title = {Findings from the 2014 Administration of the Your First College Year (YFCY) : National Aggregates},
abstract = {This mixed methods study investigates the key factors that impact the ability of URM students pursuing STEM graduate degrees to adjust to the graduate environment in comparison to their White and Asian peers in STEM and their URM peers in non-STEM disciplines. Given that the primary focus of this inquiry is to explore the experiences of URM students in STEM that contribute to successful management of the graduate environment, qualitative narratives of students pursing graduate degrees are used to provide contextual information on findings from a large scale longitudinal survey of a cohort of graduate students. Three major themes of issues students face in graduate school emerged: General transition and context-specific issues; issues related to variability in faculty support; and race issues and how they matter in graduate education. Other important findings were that faculty support was essential to all students in graduate school, as was involvement in research, particularly in the context of less structured graduate programs. Further URM STEM students had unique experiences in the transition to graduate school compared to their non-URM peers and URM peers in other disciplines.},
This mixed methods study investigates the key factors that impact the ability of URM students pursuing STEM graduate degrees to adjust to the graduate environment in comparison to their White and Asian peers in STEM and their URM peers in non-STEM disciplines. Given that the primary focus of this inquiry is to explore the experiences of URM students in STEM that contribute to successful management of the graduate environment, qualitative narratives of students pursing graduate degrees are used to provide contextual information on findings from a large scale longitudinal survey of a cohort of graduate students. Three major themes of issues students face in graduate school emerged: General transition and context-specific issues; issues related to variability in faculty support; and race issues and how they matter in graduate education. Other important findings were that faculty support was essential to all students in graduate school, as was involvement in research, particularly in the context of less structured graduate programs. Further URM STEM students had unique experiences in the transition to graduate school compared to their non-URM peers and URM peers in other disciplines.
20.11.2014, (Paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Washington, DC, November 20-22, 2014.).
note = {Paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association for the Study of Higher Education, Washington, DC, November 20-22, 2014.},
title = {Driving Up or Dialing Down Competition in Introductory STEM Courses: Individual and Classroom Level},
In this 3 day workshop, students approach the practice of typeface design by looking at type and the shapes within. Through research and analysis of shapes you will learn the language of letter forms both on a visual and on a narrative level.
During the first day participants will have a brief chat about shapes and letters, followed by an intense drawing session. Sketching techniques both on paper as digitally will be explained. The next days missing lowercase or uppercase will be added by extracting rules from the given letters.
At the end participants will have an 'unfinished' typeface with lowercase or uppercase letters. But each one will be forced to draw something different that they are used to.
Frederik Berlaen is a typedesigner with a love for programming and scripting. After studying graphical design at Sint-lucas in Ghent, where he got the passion for pure black & white type, he went to study typedesign at the Royal Academy of Art (KABK) in The Hague. He successfully got a Master Degree at the postgraduate course Type & Media in 2006. He is the author of many industry-standard type design applications, like RoboFont and UFOStretch. Frederik Berlaen works under the name of TypeMyType providing font services, programming and teaching at Luca School of Arts Ghent and at ESAD in Amiens.
Typeface Design certificate program from Cooper Union in conjunction with the Type Directors Club Contact
Bizarre Indonesian Festival where Deceased Relatives are Dug Up toraja People - Come Journey Travel Destination
The main stone, with a Christian cross of a church, dated 6 c. AD, at the Roman Emperor Justinian the Great (527-565) was found by archeologists at the Roman town of Abrittus, Razgrad, Bulgaria. The tourists of cultural tours of Bulgaria can see them.
Make a forum | Video games | First person shooter | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
Universityhomeworkhelp.com is here. Now avail our atomic and nuclear physics homework help to get a better idea about radioactivity. Also conquer great grades!
assignment for atomic and nuclear physicsI upload all lecture you need it I want please on the time because I have flight regrads
2012-08-13 · Homework Help: Nuclear Physics - HELP! Aug 10, 2012 #1. Ruro. Hello, I'm an AS student and probably going to study A2. I was wondering if someone tell me
Get instant Physics homework help online. TutorEye expert Physics tutors are available 24/7 to provide you help with Physics homework or assignment from basic to high
Apply for physics help online any time. Get a complete solution of your problem with detailed explanations, calculations, formulas and graphs.
Raise your physics grade: any help with physics homework online. Get professional help with physics homework.
Get help with Physics explanations, calculations, formulas and graphs by professionals! 5Homework - your assistant in Physics homework.
Nuclear Physics Physics Assignment Help and Nuclear Physics Physics Homework Help available 24/7, as well as Assignments Experts and Tutors also available online for hire
1. Fill in the missing particles or nuclei2. The isotope (32/15) P is produced by the reaction4. Does the reaction $p + (7/3)Li = (4/2) He + \alpha$ require energy or
If you are looking for the help with physics, MyHomeworkDone is the best place for it. Get the advice from the expert and solve the hardest assignments. Physics can
nuclear physics - Nuclear Shell Model - The nuclear shell model was first developed by the German physicists Maria Goeppert Mayer and J. Hans D. Jensen around 1950.
2018-08-29 · Get best physics assignment help online and secure high grades in your exam. Nuclear physics, We also provide physics homework help,
PrintPDF Bundle: The PDF will be added to your My Downloads Page. While the Expanded Psionics Handbook is old, less people are familiar with it because. Add Black White HardcoverPDF Bundle: 69. Nearly all of the material in Psionics Unleashed and Psionics Expanded into a single hardcover book. Psionics Expanded: Advanced Psionics Guide - Expand Your Psionic Options!Take psionics. Psionics Expanded: Advanced Psionics Guide and over one million other books are. Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE Kindle Reading App. The Expanded Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook by Bruce Cordell for the 3. 5 edition of the Dungeons Dragons fantasy roleplaying game that contains rules. The Psionics Handbook is a sourcebook for the 3rd edition of the Dungeons Dragons. Was updated for the 3. 5 edition in the Expanded Psionics Handbook. Jan 22, 2015. The GREAT pre-order offer haier hw c1470tve manual treadmill for the book, get the PDF for FREE. Kenson Expanded Psionics Previews in Dragon Issues 314, 316, 317, evinrude johnson outboard shop manual download, 319 by Bruce R. larger expenditure of effort and energy than a free action. This is a reworking and slightly shorter version of my first book Psionics evinrude johnson outboard shop manual download. What happens when evinrude johnson outboard shop manual download take something like Psionics, which is dedicated to removing free. Basicpsionics. pdf. Download File. Contained within 1999 tv guide 50 greatest characters of all time pages of Psionics Expanded you will find. PrintPDF Bundle: The PDF will be added to your Evinrude johnson outboard shop manual download Downloads Page immediately upon. Well, to me, Pathfinders identity as something different from 3. 5 first started to truly. Pathfinder Roleplaying Game. Psionics Expanded: Mind Over Body is over 20 pages of new material for new and existing. Pathfinder Adventure Card Game. Psionics Expanded: Unlimited Possibilities offers over 40 pages of new psionic. The pdf also includes 3 new blade skills. Pathfinder Adventure Card Game. Add Black White HardcoverPDF Bundle: 69. Thatthe ultimate book on psionics, combining nearly all of the material in Psionics Unleashed and Psionics Expanded into a single hardcover book. Updated to support the rules of the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, Psionics Unleashed. PrintPDF Bundle: The PDF will be added to your My Downloads Page. While the Expanded Psionics Handbook is old, less people are familiar with it. Psionics Expanded: Advanced Psionics Guide - Expand Your Psionic. DriveThruRPG: Your One-Stop Shop for the Best in RPG PDF Files. Pathfinder. Pathfinder. You get PDF copies of both Psionics Expanded: Advanced Psionics Guide. Contained within the pages of Psionics Expanded you will find. Psionics Expanded: Advanced Psionics Guide and over one million other books are available.
PDF compression, OCR, web-optimization with CVISIONs PdfCompressor. Time in history the English-speaking world is flooded with good field guides to the. Ity of growing Psilocybe cubensis at home, one of the easier species to cultivate, has. Fessional consultant to f6815w manual muscle, commercial producers of the common. are producers of tryptamine compounds.
The cultivation of these species may be prohibited in your country. DO NOT BREAK ANY LAW. Under no circumstances. Psilocybin Production - Adam Gottlieb - Free download as PDF File. pdf, Text file. txt or read online for free. THE PSILOCYBIN PRODUCERS GUIDE - How to produce 5000 doses of organic psilocybin in a small room every week - by Adam Gottlieb 1976 Feb evinrude johnson outboard shop manual download. This cultivation manual for Maitake-mushroom production is written in meeting the.
Always be in touch with the Coppell Chamber of Commerce thanks to our new text messaging system from 2SMS. Simply text “Coppell” to 62346 to get notifications on upcoming events, news, and more.
"The first website to check for your list of all the most popular webcomics and top new up & coming comics!"
"...Dilbert is known for its satirical humor about a white-collar, micromanaged office, featuring the engineer Dilbert as the title character...
The comic strip originally revolved around the engineer Dilbert and his "pet" dog Dogbert in their home. Many plots revolved around Dilbert's engineer nature or his bizarre inventions. These alternate with plots based on Dogbert's megalomaniacal ambitions. Later, the location of most of the action moved to Dilbert's workplace at a large technology company, and the strip started to satirize technology workplace and company issues...
Dilbert portrays corporate culture as a Kafkaesque world of bureaucracy for its own sake and office politics that stand in the way of productivity, where employees' skills and efforts are not rewarded, and busy work is praised. Much of the humor emerges as the audience sees the characters making obviously ridiculous decisions that are natural reactions to mismanagement."
Mm Drop Running Shoes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
DNPric.es | Domain Name Prices, the most complete database of 2,000,000+ [premium] online asset sales worth $7,000,000,000.00+ of deals and much more
Total price amount in this set of 100 domain name sales is 80,481,901.36 USD; average price is 804,819.01 USD.
Honorary Senior Registrar, Head, Research Unit "Environmental, Clinical and Genetic Determinants of Outcome of Mental Disorders"
DIRECTOR, WHO Collaborating Centre for Research and Training in Mental Health and Service Evaluation
Honorary Senior Registrar, Research Unit "Integrating Physical Health, Mental Health & Human Rights"
MORRO BAY, Calif. – Despite not having any individuals finish among the top six, Modesto Junior College used balanced team scoring to capture its first California Community College Athletic Association women’s golf state championship.
The Pirates – who led the 8-team field after the first day with a 4-person score of 316 – added a 317 on Monday for a two-day total of 633. Defending state champion Sierra College (Rocklin, CA) posted a 313 on Monday to earn state runner-up honors with a two-day total of 637. Santa Barbara City College finished third with a team total of 641.
Modesto saw sophomore Janita Vongphoumy post a 3-over-par 75 on Monday, while sophomore Brooke Vierra and freshman Alyse Padilla each carded 77’s. Sophomore Shawna Ratto rounded out the scoring with an 88 as Modesto had the most returning players at this year’s state championship – three – than any other team.
Sierra’s Nao Bando, who tied for medalist honors last year but settled for the runner-up medal in a card-off, made a statement this season in posting a two-day score of 3-under-par 141 (71-70) to easily capture this year’s medalist honor. Teammate Mikia Fang posted a 76 on Monday with Emily Dixon adding an 80. Santa Barbara was paced by sophomore Vanessa Watkins with a tournament-low 69 on Monday while Stephanie Farouze (81), Elly Carlson (83), and Lauren Calvin (84) added to the Vaqueros’ score.
Hannah Lovering of Reedley College also posted a 70 on Monday and finished tied with Watkins at 145 for the tournament but took home the individual runner-up medal in a card-off covering the back nine holes. Saddleback College freshman Brittney Do was a first-day leader at 1-under-par 71 and added a 76 on Monday to finish fourth overall at 147. Irvine Valley’s Kylie Sok also posted a 76 on Monday and finished fifth overall at 148. Aman Sangha of Canada College (Redwood City, CA) posted a 74 on Monday to finish sixth overall with a 149 total. The top six players earned all-state recognition.
Tweet A mask can be anything from a small clown nose to giant heads to be worn on big gantries. It can sometimes be hard to tell the difference between masks and puppets, make-up, costume, even props. I would define … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet In the sixteenth century we also see how puritanism gain power and how and the Counter Reformation takes place. They wanted to purify the popular culture. They tried to stop the carnival and official festivities, since they though that … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet As we have seen in Charlatano and the square in Commedia dell’Arte the market square and the life in the streets were a form of refuge from the hard everyday life and the oppression of the state and the … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet Commedia dell’Arte was a very pragmatic art form. The purpose for the actors to act was simply to amuse their audiences, make money, and reach a better social status. But that didn’t make it dull or futile. It was … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet Here comes another prolog. It is a later text from Lo spirit delle maschere (The spirits of the masks) by Giueseppe Petrai written 1901. But it is a good example of a Dottore’s prolog. “Do you laugh because I … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet Off course there has been jesters and actors around all the time despite prohibitions and censorship. It is just that we have no written witness descriptions since it mostly played in the country side for ordinary people who could … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet In the marketplace, that had its own popular, unofficial laws impregnated by an atmosphere of freedom from severity; where yelling peddlers, the Cris de Paris and merry citizens “entertained the public in loud swearing duels, rhythmic chants, organized festive … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet The onomatopoetic, language mimicking, voice illustrating, sound that Dario Fo calls Grammelot was born in France when the Commedia dell’Arte actors where antagonized by the church in Italy during the counterreformation. They turned to Europe instead, but not only … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet Here is a prolog by a Servetta from Domenico Brunis, from 1621, in my translation from Swedish. This might be one of the most used prologs today. It is one of the few saved prologs that are dramatic and … Read the rest of this entry →
Tweet The second group of strategies he call dividing the stage: Windows are the easiest way to divide the stage. By using windows on the backdrop (as talked about in THE STAGE), where a mask can look out, we work … Read the rest of this entry →
When a Commercial Tenant or an Industrial Tenant has failed to pay rent, the Landlord can Terminate the Lease, HOWEVER cannot then Distrain against the tenants goods (claim to seize goods to pay the rent): An Eviction Notice is created by the Landlord or property owner. It terminates the lease and/or instructs a tenant to vacate the property. The Eviction Notice of the Commercial Tenant of better known as "Tenant Lockout" can be performed by a Bailiff in Caledon Ontario. Caledon Ontario Commercial Landlords, if you have a tenant who is behind in the rent or otherwise in default under your lease agreement TAKE ACTION and call a licensed Caledon Ontario Bailiff for a free consultation.
Caledon Ontario Commercial tenants can be evicted for non-payment of rent which exceeds the amount that is due. The 'Commercial Tenancies Act R.S.O. 1990 permits the Landlord to use ' Self Help Remedies" which include hiring a Caledon Ontario Bailiff to Terminate the tenancy without a court order, such as is required for residential evictions. The law normally provides that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease or agreement, the Landlord must give the tenant proper notice to correct the violation or breach (non payment of rent) to avoid eviction. Commercial leases will often state that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease, a notice of 5 days or more must be given. An Caledon Ontario Landlord must give reasonable time or notice before the eviction - as per the Commercial Tenancies Act - a 15-day notice is required before the locks can be changed. see below for more details.
Landlords often have to act quickly to exercise their rights under the Commercial Tenancies Act Landlords and should act with proper Legal advice to execute an eviction. A cost effective solution is to hire an Caledon Ontario Bailiff professional, to act as your agent in the se complicated and sometimes confrontational issues.
The Caledon Ontario Eviction Process and Evictions Laws are carefully administrated by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Caledon Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Caledon Ontario has to be maintained at all times when evicting a tenant in Caledon Ontario. For any additional forms that may be required by a tenant eviction law or eviction form, can be Process Served by a Caledon Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee.
Enforcement of the Caledon Ontario Commercial Tenancies Act is permitted by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Caledon Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Caledon Ontario has to be observed at all times when evicting a commercial / industrial tenant in Caledon Ontario . For Any additional documents that may be required pursuant to Commercial Tenancies Act can be Process Served by a Caledon Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee,
If you are a Caledon Ontario Landlord and have executed your own Tenant Lockout, you may need to speak to a Paralegal or Lawyer. It is imperative to properly notify all parties and post Notice to anyone having interest in the Tenant's belongings. You will eventually have to obtain 2 - Certified and Accredited Personal Property Appraisals - before you can liquidate the goods left behind from the Tenant. You must give sufficient time for the Tenant to remove their belongings.
A landlord may choose to hire a Caledon Ontario Bailiff for assistance; they are private companies and are generally listed in the Yellow Pages or
We can provide FREE Consultations to Landlords; draft Notices and provide Process Serving for Notices for Caledon Ontario; Tenant Eviction by a Bailiff in Caledon Ontario, Tenant Notice Eviction of Forfeiture, Notice of Default Commercial Lease, Change the locks when Tenants not pay their rent.
The digital text used to create the Kindle version has been generated by an automated process and contains an estimated error rate of 17%.
And in order to get us addicted to their products and make more profit from our growing sweet tooth, health food stores and manufacturers keep offering a larger assortment of high-glycemic sugar-laden foods.
For example, “crystals” is the current popular new age term for sugar. Among other names, sugar is now called Florida Crystals, cane juice crystals, organic dehydrated cane juice, unbleached crystallized evaporated cane juice and raw cane crystals, but it’s still sugar.
And it can be found in health food store whole grain cereals, granola bars, and baked goods, breads, yogurts and many other foods and drinks.
Rapadura (or Sucanat) is another high-glycemic sweetener that can be found in health food store aisles. Advertisers claim Rapadura is “the perfect organic, unbleached, unrefined sweetener” and asserts that “processing methods retain the natural vitamins and minerals in sugar.”
Sugar, by any name, may have some miniscule nutrients, but sugar in any form has never been grown or consumed for its nutritional value.
And although the powerful sugar industry lobby would like you to think otherwise, sugar is not only bad for your health and teeth, it’s a killer. Overindulgence in sweets has been linked to obesity, heart disease, diabetes and a whole host of other deadly degenerative diseases.
And high-glycemic sugars have also been shown to lead to many childhood diseases and to cause learning difficulties and behavior problems.
Don’t let yourself be misled. From now on when you’re shopping, whether at the health food store or supermarket, be sure to read the labels.
It’s time to start eliminating high-glycemic sweets from our diets. And definitely don’t get conned, no matter what the label calls the hidden sugars. Start choosing more and more products that are sugar-free.
Instead of addictive, high calorie, low nutrition, high-glycemic, sugary products choose foods high in vitamins, minerals and phytonutrients, like fresh fruits and vegetables. Your body will thank you for it later!
How about you? Are you a sugar addict? If you’ve overcome a sugar addiction, how did you do it and how do you get past the sugar hype?
I always heard it takes 21 days to break a habit, so I decided to give it a try. In that time if I wanted something sweet, I would just think of what I wanted and then I would tell myself ” I can have that, but not now, later!” Later it was three weeks and I was drinking more water and I learned how to eat more fruit. I didn’t crave my candy bars, sour patch kid or even sugary desserts. I learned to have them occasionally but not before I checked with myself to see if I really wanted them first.
My husband gradually reduced my three large teaspoons of sugar in my morning coffee. I now drink it black without sugar… much better taste!
When I have the sugar urge–usually after dinner, I reach for a dried apricot or an orange. They’re sweet enough and healthy.
When I first started doing house work ( ok gals don't lol) I said I can clean this house and found out I was dead wrong I now need at least 6 hours a day that's if I get the jod done from yesterday so I had a ruff night I took a oxicmorfin pill and it like let me fall back to sleep what I thought was only one hour turned out it was six hours
When I got up I went to the living room and six down I to get my diet coke with limion and my wife walked in and sat down beside me with that look on her face and said what no house work today I told her I just woke up she said I know I felt you get up then she said don't do anything you don't need to do well I said no ones comming today and I will get it done tomorrow she suprized me and said ok let's go back to bed for the day we do and I'm was watching movies on my I pad I got up to get some thing to drink and there was our neise cleaning the house I asked her what was she doing she said helping my uncle one who. Took care of me when mom was not there so get your weather and get out of my way I went back to bed and couldn't believe what she said about me and I never knew she felt that way about us my wife and me before It made me proud to be her uncle that had the chance to take care of her from preempt school till now
Just wanted to share with a few of you. Family is special and we need them in our life to help us from time to time. Love to all the family Catch my pain family.
It's good to have a strong family that is there for you. I too am a house husband for my hard working wife. I sometimes have those days where I know I can't get everything done. I worry she won't understand my pain or my stress but she always does.
Thanks all and welcome kDeer I'm here anytime you need to vent And like Weezie said your (wife's ) does realy appreciate what we get done each day I have ocd and over do things
“Because our military power dwarfs that of other countries - we spend more on defense than the rest of the world combined - this Administration believes that alliances and international institutions are more of a burden than a benefit. They allow the Lilliputians to tie down Gulliver.”
“No matter how you cut it, this real debate on personal accounts is about the legitimacy of Social Security; it's not about the solvency of Social Security.”
“I support immediate financial assistance to the newly elected Palestinian president. Now, I don't know what those numbers will be, and I don't know how it's going to be framed.”
“But I was amazed at how organized the Palestinian election authority was, how competent they were in setting up their polling places and the poll workers they had.”
“Here at home, when Americans were standing in long lines to give blood after the attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, we squandered an obvious opportunity to make service a noble cause again, and rekindle an American spirit of community.”
“Look, freedom is an overwhelming American notion. The idea that we want to see the world, the peoples of the world free is something that all of us subscribe to.”
Edmonton teen admits to role in killing of Mac's store clerk - Fort McMurray\\\'s source for news and events
A 16-year old Edmonton boy pleaded guilty to manslaughter Monday for his role in the killing of a Mac’s convenience store worker almost three years ago.
The teen, who can only be identified by his initials G.S., was 13 the night Karanpal Bhangu was shot and killed while working alone the store.
Forty minutes after the first killing, on Dec. 18, 2015, the same masked and armed trio walked into another Mac’s store, where Ricky Cenabre was working alone. Surveillance video shows that robbery ended with the 41-year-old fatally shot in the back.
G.S. is charged with Cenabre’s first-degree murder. He pleaded not guilty to that charge, but entered guilty pleas on four other counts, including robbery while using a prohibited or restricted weapon and wearing a mask or disguise to commit an offence.
In June, co-accused Laylin Delorme was found guilty on two counts of first-degree murder in the case. He will be sentenced in December. The third man charged, Colton Steinhauer, faces a double first-degree murder trial scheduled for next April.
According to an agreed statement of facts entered in Edmonton Court of Queen’s Bench on Monday, G.S. admits he was one of the masked males involved in the two robberies that night.
That night he wore white sneakers, blue jeans, a black hooded jacket and a white shirt. He had the hood up, his face covered by a white cloth and carried a blue gym bag.
The surveillance video shows clerk Ricky Cenabre opening the till at the request of a masked gunman during a robbery at a Mac’s convenience store on Dec. 18, 2015. (Court of Queen’s Bench)
The agreed statement of facts noted that DNA testing on a glove seized from the scene was a match to G.S.
Cenabre’s widow, Editha Alcazaren, sat in the front row of the courtroom gallery with her hands clutched together in her lap. At times, she held a scarf up to her face to muffle her sobs and to cover and wipe her eyes.
In 2011, Cenabre moved to Canada from the Philippines to earn money to send home. He was also paving the way for permanent residency status.
Ricky Cenabre with his long-time partner, Editha Alcazaren, in the Philippines, the day before he moved to Canada in 2011. (Editha Alcazaren)
Faith Alcazaren said her uncle planned to return to the Philippines in April 2016, get married and bring his wife and son back to Canada. He was murdered in December 2015.
“In January when he comes, they can’t believe that he’s now lying in a coffin,” Faith Alcazaren said. “It’s very tragic and when we saw the video, it’s too much. Too much for us.”
The family has been in Canada for almost two years on tourist visas. They are determined to stay in the country at least until the conclusion of Steinhauer’s trial next spring.
“I don’t know what to do, because we are spending money for rentals from the money that we got from WCB, and it’s too hard for us,” Faith Alcazaren said. “How can we survive if we can’t work, right?”
She said the family has launched a civil lawsuit against Cenabre’s employer, but has not received any assistance from the provincial victim’s compensation fund.
“I don’t know where to go, I don’t know who I will talk to,” she said through tears. “Especially now that there’s a court hearing for Steinhauer next year. I don’t know how we can survive for another year again.”
Kilkenny Rose Helena Hughes who is taking part in the Rose of Tralee. Lyn Moloney who is the Kilkenny Rose of Tralee Coordinator. Helen Hughes who is Helena Mam. The ladies were in with Maurice OConnor on Kilkenny Today on 27 Of April 2018.
Totally unorganized, and customer service is helpless.The only evidence offered are the promo materials made by the company itself.Which means I will have to drop this class and take it again in the fall with a different teacher that doesn&apos;t use Connect.I feel violated and misled and misinformed.Reply, i am an oral b deep sweep 4000 toothbrushes instructor who as disconnected from connect for many of the reasons plus many others.It is one of the toughest exam to crack at high school level.I have a text book which is from the same publisher.Get ready for fun with Inspire Science an easy, flexible and engaging hands-on science learning experience that brings problem-based learning to the forefront and enables students to be the scientist with leveraging and furthering their literacy and math skills.That puts a monkey wrench in my plans because I&apos;m trying to get my prerequisites done this year so I can apply for my program in 2015.My advice for people considering using this program, don&apos;t even consider.I&apos;m still dealing with this subject, and really tired of this.
The practice quizzes are a joke.I&apos;m so disappointed and disgusted.By Mulcrone, Patricia, Nelson.As others have said, there are typos all over the place, correct answers marked wrong, horribly written questions, and no recourse to correct anything or alert anyone of the problem.College students say no to costly textbooks McGraw-Hill reps are actually being invited into so mostly pretty basic college level education.I don&apos;t think most professors care that much, and the few that do probably don&apos;t have enough "power" to convince the schools to stop requiring this product.
Time on market, newest first Time on market, oldest first Price, highest first Price, lowest first Price drop %, largest first Improved size, largest first Lot size, largest first
The multiple listing data appearing on this website, or contained in reports produced therefrom, comes in part from Metropolitan Regional Information Systems ("MRIS"). The information provided is for the viewer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties the viewer may be interested in purchasing. All real estate listings include detailed information about them that includes the name of the listing brokers and therefore may reference real estate listing(s) held by a brokerage other than the broker and/or agent who owns this web site.
All listing data, including, but not limited to, square footage and lot size is believed to be accurate, but the listing agent, listing broker and respective Multiple Listing Services and their affiliates do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. Therefore, all data should be personally verified through personal inspection by and/or with the appropriate professionals. Listing data last updated 11/12/18 12:08 PM PST.
This section contains a compendium of links, abstracts, papers, slides, programs, and tools that supplements the papers found in the proceedings. This section contains a compendium of links, abstracts, papers, slides, programs, and tools that supplements the papers found in the proceedings.
:38 婦女節 Celebration of Women (3) 《64°08'N 北緯》 (1) 《First time Shibari 繩縛初心》 (1) 《First time Shibari 繩縛初心》《Watery 水漾》 (1) 《Island: Peng Chau 島聚：坪洲 》 (1) 《Watery 水漾》 (1) 《呵呵李泳森》HO HO LEE WING SUM (1) 《無題》untitle (1) 1.5-yr-stray 流放一年半 (10) 22 morning streets 二十二個清晨 (9) 64電影放映會 (18) 8964 (35) 90: surreal island 靖﹠丁 (2) about this blog 關於這裡 (4) always here and there 照常運作 (23) anime comic 動漫迷 (25) Art in HONG KONG (56) art lesson (10) artist book (2) As I flow gently inside you 狹 (3) Begin with Reconciliation 和好如一 (1) biography (7) body and mind 關於身體 (5) body language 體育堂 (30) book design 書本設計 (76) busking ON the ROAD 賣藝人在途上 (4) Cat BB and siuding 貓B和小丁 (84) CRUNCHYexp (2) design 設計 (2) drawings 繪畫 (171) dream 夢 (19) En ces jours instables 在不安定的日子 (10) essay on life modeling 模聞 (12) exhibition: 69 Aging Ten (2) exhibition: becoming whatever bread... (8) exhibition: Body Fest 2018 (38) exhibition: Body Fest 2018 Taichung (7) exhibition: comme une fleur (4) exhibition: Danceries (3) exhibition: Friday Music Class (9) exhibition: Hong Kong Photography 2010 (1) exhibition: LIU NGAN LING (25) Exhibition: Not Just Talk 唔止齋o翕 (2) exhibition: Rediscovering Photography in Hong Kong 平遙國際攝影大展2011 (3) exhibition: She and/or He (2) exhibition: SOFT Image (2) exhibition: The Theory of Absence (11) exhibition: 一人像一故事 2012 (1) Fanny Mak (1) food 為食 (80) Forever Tarkovsky Club 永遠懷念塔可夫斯基 (18) freaks' jungle 變態森林 (20) Friday music class 星期五音樂課 (27) haexagonal (1) handmade book 手造書 (29) HKIPF 2018 (1) homework images 影像習作 (4) Hong Kong Dockers Strike 6 號貨櫃碼頭罷工 (15) HONG KONG farming 香港農業 (13) hungding 洪丁 (16) i live in HONG KONG (23) i love Checker background 我愛格仔底 (25) illustration 插畫 (16) kinggaiwui 傾計會 (10) knitting 織物 (4) life drawing Monday (9) life drawing Thursday (6) life drawing workshop (3) life model (16) Life Model Club 體模社 (30) Matsumoto Zoku 松本族 (2) media 媒體報導 (76) Meow miss you 余懷貓 (12) Merle Þórdís (1) Milk+ (6) model 模特兒 (1) movies 電影 (71) mural (2) music note 音樂筆記 (126) my Nude / Portrait (306) my performance 演出 (35) my photography (2) my video (3) Myanmar (2) narrative 描述 (5) New Age in Blue 在藍 (4) Nike Woman Installation (1) nude photography workshop (6) old cake's dress 我的老餅裙子 (10) On est heureux à cause de l’amour 我們是快樂的好兒童 (17) on Photography 書寫攝影 (22) Performance art 行為藝術 (12) Photo diary (16) Poetry 詩歌 (4) Polaroid 保麗來隊員 (60) quotation 抄書 (46) Reading on Photography 閱讀攝影 (19) reading 閱讀 (82) RIDE: (2) sculpting in Time 雕刻時間 (78) sd photography on press 刊登攝影作品 (3) shall we dance (6) sharing 分享 (41) Simon C (4) Siu Ding x Pang Jing (3) siuding Radio 聲音專欄 (34) Social movements 社會運動 (57) Sofaer and Co. (2) Soft D Press (8) SP小彭 (2) summer romance 夏日浪漫 (2) support minimum wage $33 勞動者的尊嚴 撐時薪$33 (4) the sea and the land 海藍綠地 (13) The Wain Yee 北斗星儀 (4) time 時間 (3) travel journal 遊記 (243) twinkle twinkle little star 一閃一閃數海星 (3) VanGoghArtist (1) waiting for _ (10) Watch the Weather Change (3) We Are All Li Wangyang 我們都是李旺陽 (7) writing 刊登文章 (12) Yangon (2) ितमीहरू राम्रा छैा । (9) 今晚我是手 (1) 反高鐵 (7) 子朗 (3) 政府山新潮化妝舞會 (1) 日記 diary (556) 曹疏影 (1) 月 Moon（ O ））））））） (2) 流光 (4) 私郵寄 post a letter (28) 這一代的六四 (9) 陳紀東 (1) 雁 wild goose (51)
Sjemale.be - Sjemales - Sjemale - Shemale - Shemales - Tannie en Trannie sexfilms - De mooiste transexuelen!
"Ideas are like rabbits," John Steinbeck once said, "You get a couple and learn how to handle them and pretty soon you have a dozen." ...
Dobyns-Bennett High School was first in Class AAA and 10th among the top 12 bands in the national at the Grand National Championships at Lucas Oil Statium in Indianapolis, an event put on by Bands of America, part of Music for All.
Inspired by her own experiences, Heather Cook hopes to lighten the load for young mothers with her new book, “You’re Welcome, Mama.” Described as a lighthearted read for overwhelmed moms, the book will release Nov. 13, also known as “World Kindness Day.”
Glacier Ridge — featuring an arctic color palette and even some polar bears — includes the park’s Timber Canyon, Wilderness Pass and a portion of Craftsman’s Valley. It roughly covers an area similar to that of the popular Pumpkin LumiNights, which ended just a few days ago.
Dobyns-Bennett High School’s competitive band captured 10th place in the Bands of America Grand Nationals at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis Saturday.
ROGERSVILLE — During the week Tanna Nicely is the executive principal at Knox County’s South Knoxville Elementary School. But on weekends, she presents professional development sessions teaching teachers how to bring agriculture into classrooms throughout East Tennessee.
Wednesday afternoon, the competitive band of more than 200 students and its band boosters will board charter buses headed to the Bands of America Grand Nationals at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis.
So how does one get from Gate City, Virginia, to occasionally wearing a professionally-made Sasquatch uniform in Las Vegas, Nevada? We’re glad you asked.
Val Lyle, an artist from Bristol, Tenn., sculpted the sentinel using a “lost wax” process that took about 18 months from conception to completion. One of her previous works for the city was the Santa Train sculpture at Centennial Park in downtown Kingsport.
KINGSPORT — You’ll be able to find plenty of goodies during the event, including wreaths, floral arrangements, primitive and country crafts, ornaments, pottery, stained glass, woodcrafts, handmade soaps and lotions, fabric crafts, needlework, doll clothing, jewelry, dichroic glass, handmade greeting cards and paper art, leather crafts, candles and baked goods.
The second annual event was organized by social studies teachers and had students from grades 5, 6, 7 and 8 at the Hawkins County school.
Inspectors hired by FAA and the Greene County Fair found that worn out rivet fasteners on the bottom of the gondola were the cause of the accident. The worn rivets allowed a piece of trim to come loose, get lodged in the frame of the wheel, thus causing the gondola to tip over.
Like other holidays, Halloween seems to have turned into more than just one day. Some folks have started a petition to “move” it to the last Saturday in October.
Columnist Susan E. Kendrick shares some of her favorite memories of Kingsport and says living here is one of the highlights of her life.
I get to know people really really well and help them to achieve their financial goals and objectives by delivering quality advice and the very best product solutions
Notice is hereby given that a Works Committee Meeting of the Council of the City of Randwick will be held in the Council Chamber, Town Hall, 90 Avoca Street, Randwick, on Tuesday, 14 July 2009 at 6:00pm.
NOTE: At the Extraordinary Meeting held on 28 September 2004, the Council resolved that the Works Committee be constituted as a committee with full delegation to determine matters on the agenda.
Over the past two years there have been several requests made by property owners to remove a number of semi-mature Sapium sebiferum (Chinese Tallowwoods) street trees from the natures strip in both Stephen Street and Castle Street, Randwick.
There are a total of seventeen Chinese Tallowwoods growing along both sides of the eastern end of Stephen Street and twenty-two trees of the same species growing along the eastern side of Castle Street that are severely affected by scale insect attack.
This infestation is now so severe that honeydew is affecting the paintwork on vehicles parked underneath affected trees and those trees are losing all their foliage as a consequence of attack.
Several property owners have even threatened to seek damages from Council for repairs to vehicle paintwork damaged by the subject insects.
When Council initially became aware of this problem over two years ago, Council tree officers engaged an arborist to undertake a foliar spraying program in the hope that it would deal with the issue.
However, despite a total of three white oil treatments being carried out it had little or no impact on the pest or its numbers. In fact, numbers simply increased and they moved on in ever-increasing numbers to additional trees in both streets.
Because of the number of trees affected and the importance of the streetscapes in both streets, Council was committed to retaining these trees if at all possible. Consequently, Council officers proceeded to undertake a more serious program of foliar spraying with a mixture of Confidor and Maldison 500.
The initial chemical spraying program had no effect on the insects, so a further two applications of both foliar spraying and tree injection was undertaken as per the manufacturers' instructions and in accordance with their MDS sheets.
Regrettably, the completion of this comprehensive treatment regime has not resulted in the demise of the infestation and the associated problems have now become so pronounced that the only management option available to Council is the removal of all affected trees and their replacement with an appropriate alternative species - Pistachia chinensis (Chinese Pistachio).
Because of the number of trees involved and the impact that their removal will have on the streetscapes of the two affected streets, it is considered appropriate that Council's Works Committee consider this matter.
In the interim period Council's tree trimming contractors have pruned branches on the trees in Stephen Street back to the kerb line to minimise any problems associated with the dropping of honeydew onto the roadway and/or motor vehicles.
Despite this, several property owners in both Stephen Street and Castle Street have taken it upon themselves to vandalise several trees to minimise canopy size and the associated honeydew problem.
It is estimated that the removal of affected trees and their replacement with more appropriate tree species will cost in the vicinity of $15,000. The funds required would come from Council’s annual tree management budget.
Every effort has been made by Council tree officers to effectively deal with the severe scale attack that has affected large numbers of Chinese Tallowwoods in both Stephen Street and Castle Street, Randwick.
However, even several applications of both foliar spray and tree injection have not resulted in any diminution in the insect’s numbers or the depilating impact they are having on affected street trees.
The longer these trees remain the more likely it is that the problem will spread to trees of the same species in the broader surrounding area and it may become an even more serious problem than it is at present.
That Council remove all scale infested Sapium sebiferum (Chinese Tallowwoods) growing in Stephen Street and Castle Street, Randwick, and that they be replaced with an appropriate number of Pistachia chinensis (Chinese Pistachios) – as per Council’s Street Tree Masterplan.
Series of photographs detailing affected streetscapes and the damage being caused by scale attack, as well as unauthorised 'pruning' undertaken by several adjacent property owners.
Randwick City Council is committed to implementing crime prevention initiatives for a safe environment for residents and visitors. One initiative (identified in the plan “A Safer Randwick City”) is CCTV for the Coogee Beach Precinct, which is planned to be implemented by September 2009.
As an imperative part this project, Council officers have prepared a draft Code of Practice, which incorporates the ability for Council to manage and operate CCTV at Coogee and other future locations throughout the City of Randwick.
This report recommends the adoption of the Code of Practice as policy (refer attachment 1), to ensure that the CCTV system is integrated and aligned with the management and operation of the overall project.
A number of NSW Councils have developed a Code of Practice in conjunction with the implementation of the CCTV in their local government area these include the City of Sydney and Burwood Council.
Recent discussions conducted between Randwick City Council officers and the Systems and Business Development Manager from City of Sydney, and also with the Senior Manager of Compliance from Burwood Council, have assisted in Council officers developing a draft Code of Practice and documentation related to the Code, for the City of Randwick.
In addition the draft Code of Practice has been prepared, as a requirement outlined in the “NSW Government Policy Statement and Guidelines for the Establishment and Implementation of CCTV in Public Place”.
The draft Code of Practice underpins the management and operation of the CCTV system, and recognises 15 key principles in the implementation of CCTV:
1. The CCTV in Randwick City will be operated fairly, within applicable law and only for the purposes for which it is established, or which are subsequently agreed in accordance with this Code of Practice.
2. The CCTV in Randwick City will be operated with due regard to the privacy and civil liberties of individual members of the public, including the rights to freedom of religious and political expression and assembly.
3. The public interest in the operation of the CCTV in Randwick City will be recognised by ensuring the security and integrity of operational procedures.
4. Randwick City Council has primary responsibility for compliance with the purposes and objectives of the CCTV in Randwick City, for the maintenance, management and security of the Program, and the protection of the interests of the public in relation to the Program.
5. As a partner to Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City, the NSW Police Force will act in accordance with the Code of Practice.
6. Randwick City Council will be accountable to the public for the effective operation and management of the CCTV in Randwick City.
7. The public will be provided with clear and easily accessible information in relation to the operation of Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City.
8. Regular monitoring and evaluation of the CCTV in Randwick City will be undertaken to identify whether the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City are being complied with and objectives are being achieved.
9. Staff employed to work in the CCTV in Randwick City control room, whether they be operators or managers, will meet the highest standards of probity.
10. Access to the CCTV in Randwick City control room will be restricted to qualified operating staff, support staff, and their managers and the control room will be protected from unauthorised access.
11. Information recorded will be accurate, relevant and not exceed that necessary to fulfil the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City.
12. Information will be obtained fairly and in accordance with the privacy provisions of the Code of Practice.
13. The retention of, and access to, recorded material will be only for the purposes provided by this Code of Practice. Recorded material will be retained 30 days unless they are required in relation to the investigation of crime or for court proceedings. They will then be recorded over.
14. Contact related to the CCTV in Randwick City between Randwick City Council staff and the Police, will be conducted strictly in accordance with the Code of Practice.
15. The CCTV in Randwick City will address the interests of all who may be affected by it, and not be confined to the interests of the Randwick City Council or the needs of the criminal justice system.
Council officers have prepared to undertake consultation, with the aim to provide information to the community and relevant stakeholder groups on the management, operation and privacy matters in relation to this project, included in the draft code of practice.
The “NSW Government Policy statement and Guidelines for the Establishment and Implementation of CCTV in Public Place”, specifically highlights the importance of community consultation and involvement in the implementation of the CCTV system.
Direction 6c: The safety of our community is paramount and is acknowledged and supported through proactive policies, programmes and strategies.
After appropriate investigation and advice Council has prepared a draft Code of Practice for the management and operation of CCTV in the Coogee Beach Precinct and potential future locations throughout the City of Randwick, for review and approval by Council.
A consultation period will be undertaken with the aim to inform the community and stakeholder groups specially about the Code of Practice in relation to the CCTV project.
That Council adopts the draft Code of Practice for “CCTV in Randwick City” as policy, to ensure that the CCTV project is managed and operated in accordance with the principles outlined in the Code.
1.1.1. This Code of Practice contains the basic standards in accordance and the change with which Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City will be operated.
1.1.2. The Code of Practice is based on 15 key principles. In each section the key principle is and the change stated, followed by further explanatory information.
The CCTV in Randwick City will be operated fairly, within applicable law and only for the purposes for which it is established, or which are subsequently agreed in accordance with this Code of Practice.
The CCTV in Randwick City will be operated with due regard to the privacy and civil liberties of individual members of the public, including the rights to freedom of religious and political expression and assembly.
The public interest in the operation of the CCTV in Randwick City will be recognised by ensuring the security and integrity of operational procedures.
Randwick City Council has primary responsibility for compliance with the purposes and objectives of the CCTV in Randwick City, for the maintenance, management and security of the Program, and the protection of the interests of the public in relation to the Program.
As a partner to Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City, the NSW Police Force will act in accordance with the Code of Practice.
Randwick City Council will be accountable to the public for the effective operation and management of the CCTV in Randwick City.
The public will be provided with clear and easily accessible information in relation to the operation of Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City.
Regular monitoring and evaluation of the CCTV in Randwick City will be undertaken to identify whether the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City are being complied with and objectives are being achieved.
Staff employed to work in the CCTV in Randwick City control room, whether they be operators or managers, will meet the highest standards of probity.
Access to the CCTV in Randwick City control room will be restricted to qualified operating staff, support staff, and their managers and the control room will be protected from unauthorised access.
Information recorded will be accurate, relevant and not exceed that necessary to fulfil the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City.
Information will be obtained fairly and in accordance with the privacy provisions of the Code of Practice.
The retention of, and access to, recorded material will be only for the purposes provided by this Code of Practice. Recorded material will be retained for 30 days unless they are required in relation to the investigation of crime or for court proceedings. They will then recorded over.
Contact related to the CCTV in Randwick City between Randwick City Council staff and the Police, will be conducted strictly in accordance with the Code of Practice.
The CCTV in Randwick City will address the interests of all who may be affected by it, and not be confined to the interests of the Randwick City Council or the needs of the criminal justice system.
2.1.1. It is recognised that the threat of personal violence is an important factor in any public perception of the City of Randwick as a safe area. In an effort to address these issues, Randwick City Council introduced the CCTV in Randwick City, as part of Crime Prevention and Community Safety Plan.
2.2.1. The CCTV in Randwick City comprises Randwick City Council’s public closed circuit television operation, covering areas in the Randwick LGA.
2.2.2. The CCTV in Randwick City is only one of several initiatives designed to assist in preventing crimes against the person in the Randwick LGA. It is recognised, however, that such crime will never totally be prevented.
2.3.1. This Code of Practice will be supplemented by a set of Protocols and Control Room Standard Operational Procedures (SOPs) giving instructions on all aspects of the operation of the CCTV in Randwick City. These documents will be based on the Code of Practice, to ensure that the principles and purposes on which the CCTV in Randwick City is based are realised.
2.3.2. Involvement in any aspect of the CCTV in Randwick City by relevant organisations or individuals will depend upon their willingness to comply with this Code of Practice, the Protocols and the SOPs.
2.4.1. The CCTV in Randwick City system involves a series of integrated cameras and network video recorders (NVR’s) which are able to be centrally managed and has the flexibility to enable remote access and control via secure communication channels. The system has the potential to transmit live to observation screens monitored 24 hours a day by control room staff employed by the Randwick City Council. All images are recorded and retained for 30 days unless they are required in relation to the investigation of crime or for court proceedings. The system is able to be linked with the Eastern Beaches Local Area Command to ensure instant communication and enable direct monitoring in certain circumstances such as an emergency.
2.5.1. The cameras record in colour during daylight hours, and black & white in low light conditions (i.e. night time), in order to attain the highest quality image possible. Some are capable of being panned, tilted and zoomed to enable effective monitoring. Each camera is housed in an environmental dome which protects the camera.
2.5.2. State of the art technology has been used to ensure maximum resolution and picture quality. The technology used will be regularly reviewed to ensure the most up to date equipment appropriate to the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City is used.
2.6.1. Cameras are installed in the Coogee Beach Precinct subject to a high incidence of crimes. The location is determined on the basis of crime statistics provided by the NSW Police Force. Environmental considerations are also taken into account.
2.7.1. Randwick City Council is the owner of CCTV in Randwick City. Randwick City Council retains ownership of and has copyright in all equipment, recorded material and documentation pertaining to the CCTV in Randwick City. The responsibilities of Randwick City Council in relation to the system are outlined in section 5.
2.8.1. The NSW Police Force is a partner in the Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City. The responsibilities of the NSW Police Force in relation to the CCTV in Randwick City are outlined in section 6.
3.1.1. A change to the CCTV in Randwick City or Code of Practice may be made with the agreement and approval of the General Manager.
3.1.2. The General Manager, must approve the temporary use of the CCTV in Randwick City for the purposes of management during events and the NSW Police Operations.
3.1.3. The General Manager of Randwick City Council or his/her delegate must approve the use of the CCTV in Randwick City during emergency situations, such as a siege or bomb blast.
3.1.4. The consideration and/or introduction of any major change to the CCTV in Randwick City or to the Code of Practice will be included in the regular audit report (see section 7).
The CCTV in Randwick City will be operated fairly, within applicable law, and only for the purposes for which it is established or which are subsequently agreed in accordance with this Code of Practice.
4.1.1. The primary purpose of Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City is to assist in the prevention of all criminal offences, such as:
Any situation involving injury to a person, or any situation where injury to a person is threatened, or activity that is, or may be, intimidating, harassing or cause fear to a reasonable person.
Any situation involving the theft of property or serious damage to property, or any situation where theft of property or serious damage to property is threatened
Any situation involving the sale or distribution of illegal substances (Note: personal use of illicit substances is not included under the scope of the CCTV in Randwick City).
D. to help secure a safer environment for those people who live in, work in and visit the City of Randwick.
4.1.3. It is anticipated that the CCTV in Randwick City may also be of some benefit in the management of events, such as New Years Eve. The temporary use of the CCTV in Randwick City for such purposes, including the use of temporary cameras must be approved in accordance with section 3 of this Code of Practice.
4.1.4. The CCTV in Randwick City will only be used to identify crimes occurring within the area covered by the CCTV in Randwick City.
4.1.5. The CCTV in Randwick City may be used for intelligence gathering on individuals and locations, in relation to offences within the scope of the CCTV in Randwick City.
4.1.6. The CCTV in Randwick City may be used for NSW Police operations, targeting offences covered under the Code of Practice.
Randwick City Council has primary responsibility for compliance with the purposes and objectives of the CCTV in Randwick City, for the maintenance, management and security of the CCTV in Randwick City and the protection of the interests of the public in relation to the CCTV in Randwick City.
5.1.1. Randwick City Council will be responsible for the introduction and implementation of the Code of Practice and for ensuring compliance with the principles contained within the Code.
5.1.2. Randwick City Council will comply with the requirements for accountability set out in this Code of Practice.
5.1.3. Randwick City Council will consult with and provide information to the public about the operation of the CCTV in Randwick City and about any proposed changes to the CCTV in Randwick City or Code of Practice.
As a partner to Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City, the NSW Police Force agrees to act in accordance with the Code of Practice.
6.1.1. Incidents that may involve or lead to a crime against the person or other serious threat to public safety, or other serious criminal offence, will be reported to an arranged police contact. The police will assess the situation and determine an appropriate response to the incident.
6.1.2. It is the responsibility of the NSW Police Force to respond to incidents to the extent that its resources and priorities allow.
6.1.3. The NSW Police Force will develop its own operational procedures in relation to the CCTV in Randwick City to complement those developed by Randwick City Council.
6.1.4. A Memorandum of Understanding in relation to the CCTV in Randwick City will be entered into both by Randwick City Council and the NSW Police Force outlining in detail the respective roles of both parties. The Memorandum of Understanding and any variations to it, are to be approved by the General Manager of Randwick City Council.
A. provide an independent and continuous review and checking mechanism for the CCTV in Randwick City;
B. identify and report on any deviations from the Code of Practice, Protocols or Standard Operating Procedures (“SOPs”) that come to notice during audit; and
7.1.2. The internal auditor will undertake a regular audit of the CCTV in Randwick City, its operations and Code of Practice. The audit will include examination of control room records, recorded material histories and the content of recorded material.
7.1.3. The internal auditor will produce a report every 12 months on the operation and functioning of Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City. The report will be presented to the General Manager.
8.1.1. Clearly visible signs that CCTV cameras are operating will be displayed at the perimeter of the area covered by the system and at other key points. These signs will:
B. allow people entering the area to make a reasonable approximation of the area covered by the system; and
C. identify Randwick City Council as the owner of the system and give a telephone number and address should further information be required.
8.1.2. Copies of the Code of Practice will be made available to the public. The availability of the Code of Practice will be publicised in connection with any publicity arranged for the CCTV in Randwick City.
8.1.3. Inquiries in relation to the Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City and its operation can be made:
Council’s Customer Service Centre at 30 Frances Street, Randwick between 8.30am and 5.00pm, Monday to Friday.
9.1.1. In consultation with the NSW Police Force, Randwick City Council will continuously monitor the operation of the CCTV in Randwick City and implementation of the Code of Practice.
9.1.2. Randwick City Council is responsible for ensuring that the CCTV in Randwick City is regularly subject to evaluation to identify whether its purposes are being complied with and whether objectives are being achieved.
9.1.3. Evaluation will be conducted independently or carried out according to independently established criteria.
9.1.5. The results of evaluation will be taken into account in the future functioning, management and operation of the CCTV in Randwick City.
Staff employed to work in the control room, whether they be operators or managers, will meet the highest standards of probity.
Access to the control room will be restricted to qualified operators and their managers and the control room will be protected from unauthorised access.
A. effective and fair systems of recruitment and selection of staff which include measures to ensure that the selection process provides for thorough validation of the suitability of candidates and regular review of the suitability of employed staff;
B. a requirement that staff must be qualified at a suitable level on appointment and be capable of meeting in-service training requirements;
C. a procedure which makes plain to staff that they risk disciplinary proceedings (including dismissal) if they breach any of the provisions of the Code of Practice, Protocols or SOPs and Council’s Code of Conduct;
D. a requirement of confidentiality which can be enforced during and after termination of employment; and
E. systems of monitoring and supervision that ensure compliance with the Code of Practice, Protocols and SOPs.
10.1.3. Procedures will be put in place to ensure that access to the control room is restricted to operating staff and their managers and that the control room is protected from unauthorised access, except as provided in Clause 7.1.5.
10.1.4. The circumstances in which police or other visitors are able to access the control room will be carefully controlled and outlined in the Protocols and SOPs.
10.1.5. Access to the operation of equipment will be limited to Randwick City Council staff with that responsibility.
10.1.6. A register must be kept detailing all instances of access to the Control room, CCTV facilities and associated property.
Information recorded should be accurate, relevant and not exceed that necessary to fulfil the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City.
Information should be obtained fairly and in accordance with the privacy provisions of the Code of Practice.
11.1.2. All use of cameras will accord with the purposes of the CCTV in Randwick City as outlined in the Code of Practice, Protocols and SOPs.
11.1.3. Cameras will not be used to look into adjacent or nearby premises or buildings, which originated in the public domain. Any misuse is to be treated as a breach of this code and subject to disciplinary action.
11.1.6. Only staff with responsibility for using the equipment will have access to operating controls.
11.1.7. All control room staff will be made aware that recordings are subject to routine audit and that they may be required to justify their interest in a particular member of the public or premises.
11.1.8 The Coogee Beach precinct is a workplace for Randwick City Council Staff and as such the Council must abide by the workplace Video Surveillance Act 1998.
The retention of, and access to, recorded material will be only for the purposes provided by the Code of Practice. Recorded material will be retained for 30 days unless they are required in relation to the investigation of crime or for court proceedings. They will then be erased, taped over, or destroyed.
12.1.3. The showing of recorded material to the public will be allowed only in accordance with the needs of the police in connection with the investigation of crime or in any other circumstances provided by law. Any such action must be formally approved by the Police.
12.1.4. Release of recorded material to the media should only occur for the purpose of crime prevention or investigation. In such cases the recognisable characteristics of other people in the recorded material shall be obscured. All requests for the release of recorded material must be in writing, including the purpose of the request, the context of the release, the date and time of airing, and the person responsible for controlling storage and access to the material.
12.1.5. Images shall not, under any circumstances, be used to publicise the existence or success of Randwick City Council’s CCTV in Randwick City.
12.1.6. Appropriate security measures will be taken against unauthorised access to, alteration, disclosure, accidental loss or destruction of recorded material.
12.1.7. Recorded material will be treated according to defined procedures to ensure continuity of evidence.
12.1.8. All recorded material will be subject to random inspection by the Council’s Internal Auditor.
Contact related to the CCTV in Randwick City between Randwick City Council staff and the Police will be conducted strictly in accordance with the Code of Practice.
13.1.1. Police officers will not be permitted to remove any recorded material, operate recording equipment or have contact with any recorded material at any time unless under the terms of this Code of Practice, the Protocols or SOPs or subject to the execution of a search warrant or other relevant legal process.
13.1.2. Any change in existing arrangements for police contact with and use of the system will amount to a major change to the Code of Practice and must be agreed to in accordance with the Code of Practice before being implemented.
13.1.3. Any involvement in the CCTV in Randwick City by police will be recorded by the Randwick City Council and will be subject to audit.
The CCTV in Randwick City must address the interests of all who may be affected by it, and not be confined to the interests of Randwick City Council or the needs of the criminal justice system.
14.1.1. Prime responsibility for ensuring the Code of Practice is adhered to rests with the Randwick City Council. This responsibility includes ensuring that breaches of the Code are investigated and remedied to the extent that breaches of the Code are within the ambit of Randwick City Council’s power to remedy.
14.1.2. Complaints in relation to any aspect of the management or operation of the system may be made:
The Privacy and Personal Information Protection Act 1998 authorises Privacy NSW to receive and investigate complaints about alleged violations of privacy. Any member of the public is entitled to lodge a complaint with Privacy NSW. The contact details for Privacy NSW are as follows:
14.1.3. Randwick City Council will cooperate with the investigation of any complaint by Privacy NSW.
Council has upgraded the upper fields at Pioneer Park, including remediation, landscaping, cycle paths, playing fields with lighting and car park areas, in accordance with the approved Development Application (DA/90/2007).
The construction of a single storey amenities building included in this Development Application, has not been constructed as part of the upgrade works. This report recommends the lodgement of a Section 96 application, in relation to relocating the proposed amenities building to a more suitable site within the park.
With the completion of the upgrade works, and subsequent use of the upper level by the Maroubra Saints Junior AFL and The Southern Eastern Junior Cricket Association. It has become evident that the proposed location of the amenities facility, at the northern end of the Anzac Parade car park would be better sited within the park.
A more suitable location, positioned directly adjacent to the eastern side of the car park (refer attachment 1), would provide better access to the car park area and footpaths, would be in close proximity and view of the sporting field, and would provide adequate shelter away from the prevailing coastal conditions.
Council has not allocated funding in the 2009/10 open space budget, to construct an amenities facility for the park. The Maroubra Saints Junior AFL however, may offer to provide funding towards the facility, in which a prefabricated structure would be internally fitted with change rooms, storage and a kitchen facility. It is proposed that the structure will be in place by the AFL 2010 Winter season.
It is estimated that the cost to engage a planning consultant for services related to the lodgement of Section 96, would cost in the vicinity of $5,000. There is also a cost to lodge a Section 96 submission, of approximately $2,000.
The funds required in relation to the lodgement of the Section 96, would come from Council’s 2009/10 Parks & Street Furniture budget.
The proposed amenities facility as part of Development Application DA/90/2009, would be more suitability located within the upper part of Pioneers Park. It is proposed that the site on the eastern side of the car park, would provide better access to the car park and footpaths, close proximity to sporting fields and shelter from the prevailing coastal winds.
As such, Council would be required to submit a Section 96 application, in relation to the proposed relocation. The amenity facility is proposed to be constructed by the Junior AFL’s Winter 2010 season.
A number of proposals are either planned or are already occurring which may have significant influence on traffic flows in the Kensington/Kingsford area. As a result Council arranged to have a study undertaken to assess traffic impacts upon Kensington and parts of Kingsford.
In 2004 the NSW Roads and Traffic Authority presented a proposal to Randwick City Council and the community to construct south-facing ramps on Southern Cross Drive at the Gardeners Road overpass. The purpose of the proposed ramps is to provide motorists with direct access to and from Southern Cross Drive and Gardeners Road at this point. This, the RTA states, will improve access to local and regional places, reduce congestion at key locations to the north of the proposal and consequently improve travel times and safety for pedestrians and cyclists. This proposal by the RTA has the potential to alter traffic movements in and through the Randwick City LGA, which will impact on the local community.
Large residential and commercial development with high density is proposed in the Zetland and Victoria Park areas adjoining the Randwick Local Government Area (LGA) to the west. This development also has the potential to impact on the local Randwick community. Therefore, as a part of this project Council is also seeking a review and traffic assessment of the effects of the proposed urban development within the City of Sydney LGA.
Council resolved in April 2007 to support the proposal to install a half road closure (buses and cyclists excepted) in Lenthall Street, so that eastbound traffic from Epsom Road be denied access to Lenthall Street.
To gain a greater appreciation of the issues involved, the potential traffic impacts and the opportunity to develop remedial treatments, Council appointed GTK Consulting on 7 November 2008 to undertake a study in the suburbs of Kensington and West Kingsford to assess likely traffic impacts resulting from the following proposals:
· Identify the impact of the RTA proposal on Council’s road network and the amenity of the residents in the study area;
· Provide advice to Council about the RTA proposal, to inform discussion and consultation with the local Randwick community;
· Identify the impact on Council’s road network and the amenity of residents in the study area of proposed increased residential density in the Zetland and Victoria Park areas as proposed by the City of Sydney; and
A Draft Report has been prepared by GTK Consulting; this was circulated to Ward Councillors and the contact group from the Kensington Precinct Committee for comment prior to wider Community Consultation. The Precinct Committee concluded that the consultant had taken a conservative approach to traffic generation however, it has been decided that no change should be made to the Report until all comments have been received, following wider consultation.
It is proposed that community consultation will be carried out in accordance with Council’s guidelines. During the public exhibition period the following activities will be undertaken:
· Distribution of the Report and graphically designed posters at Council libraries and the Customer Service Centre;
· Copies of the Draft Report sent to the Randwick City Precinct Committees and Chambers of Commerce groups.
The consultant’s report examines the magnitude of the effects on the Kensington area of three proposals, the ramps, the increasing densities in the Green Square area and the half closure of Lenthall Street.
It is considered appropriate to place the report on public exhibition, according to Council’s Community Consultation Policy, for a period of 28 days. Submissions would be sought from the community.
Subsequently a report on the community submissions and the report would be placed before Council for consideration.
b) a report be bought back to the Council on the GTK Consulting Report and on the results of the community consultation.
An Assessment of Traffic Impacts upon Kensington and Parts of Kingsford prepared by GTK Consulting - UNDER SEPARATE COVER
At present council hold beach volleyball activities at Coogee Beach and Maroubra Beach on a trial basis.
Total Beach Volleyball Pty Ltd has been running beach volleyball classes, training and competitions on a trial period at the south end of Maroubra Beach. Currently they have (3) beach volleyball courts set up with permanent posts at the south end of Maroubra Beach and the number of hours are limited to a maximum of eight hours on Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays and a maximum of four hours on weekdays. Total Beach Volleyball Pty Ltd has been using Maroubra Beach for commercial purposes; Council’s fee for such activity is $1,776.00 per six months. A letter has been received by Mr Victor Antiloff, Total Beach Volleyball Pty Ltd requesting to continue their agreement with Randwick Council and has also requested to increase their court usage by one court. That would be a total of four (4) courts.
Coogee Beach Volleyball Association have also been running classes on a trial period at Coogee Beach. The hours and number of courts are listed below:
The Coogee Beach Volleyball Association have been conducting their classes free of charge and advise:
“We are not a business. We are a non profit group of around 100 members mostly local Coogee and Randwick residents and ratepayers. We have recently affiliated with the NSW Volleyball Association and have taken their advise to join their association and have collected from members around $40.00 for insurance which we done to cover our players.
A major object of our Association is to promote beach volleyball amongst young school age players. Over the years we have had school aged players train with us from Sydney Grammar, Waverley College, Coogee Public School and St. Mary’s Cathedral. Brigidine College, Newington College, Scots College, Coogee Public School, Sydney High, Randwick High and the Emmanuel School.”
Both organisations have requested to continue their respective agreements at both Maroubra and Coogee Beaches, under their current agreement with Total Beach Volleyball wanting to increase their number of courts by one. Council’s lifeguards have advised that during the peak season, the area at the south end of Maroubra Beach can become very crowded and by increasing the area by one court will cause further unnecessary overcrowding.
Beach volleyball is seen as an appropriate activity to be conducted on the City’s beaches. A trial period was conducted on both beaches with no significant negative impact to report.
a) Council permit Coogee Beach Volleyball to continue with their current arrangement of volleyball classes on Coogee Beach as per the conditions stipulated in their original letter;
b) Total Beach Volleyball Pty Ltd to continue with their current arrangement of volleyball classes, competitions and training on Maroubra Beach;
The Randwick Local Emergency Management Committee (RLEMC) is identifying evacuation centres, as required under the State Emergency Management Plan, and seeking owners’ permission to use.
Suitable evacuation centre sites have been identified and the owners of those facilities are being requested to make them available to the RLEMC in an emergency. Each site has been given a priority code 1, 2 or 3 by the Department of Community Services based on site facilities and geographical spread of sites. (List of sites attached).
That the Randwick Local Emergency Management Committee identify evacuation centres and enter into agreements with facility owners to utilise those sites in an emergency.
The Randwick Local Emergency Management Committee is updating the Randwick Community Disaster Plan (DISPLAN) and is identifying facilities that could be used as evacuation centres, if a disaster or emergency occurred in the Randwick area.
Your facility has been identified as a possible site that could be used to accommodate residents who may need evacuating. The period of time required, could be from ½ hour up to 12 hours or possibly overnight, depending on the type and duration of the emergency.
The Committee seeks your organisation’s agreement to make your facility available as an evacuation centre, in an emergency.
If you agree, would you kindly confirm your organisation’s preparedness to do this by completing the information attached by …………………..(date).
[2] Eradication of large established tumors in mice by combination immunotherapy that engages innate and adaptive immune responses
As Christians, we’re called to love our neighbors as ourselves. It’s right there in Mark 12:31. We recognize that “neighbor” doesn’t just mean the people in the house or apartment next door; everyone we come in contact with is our neighbor, someone God has called us to love.
You’ve probably heard the statistics about single women in our culture. There are now more women on some college campuses than men. In some cities there are more single women than married women. Women outpace men academically and often times professionally. In many churches, the single women outnumber the men. For all of our emphasis on marriage being a good and important institution, singleness is the reality for many people.
Men who behave badly are all over the news these days. In fact, it’s been so much a part of our national conversation for the last year that I’ve had this post (most of it, anyway) written since we found out that we were having another boy—raising the Reissig boy total to four. I’ve been mulling over these thoughts for the better part of a year and finally got around to editing them. Unfortunately the national conversation about men doing bad things hasn’t changed one bit. It’s only gotten worse, which has only increased my desire to process what it means to raise four sons in a world where men behave badly.
A few weeks ago my sons were watching the popular children’s show, Doc McStuffins on television. I’m a big fan of Doc McStuffins. I like the diversity the show brings to the table. I like that the main character is a girl and a doctor. I like that she is African-American and portrayed in a positive light. I like that she is kind and helps people. It even holds my attention when my kids are watching it.
I wish I could say I always pay close attention to what they are watching. True confession: I don’t. While we don’t let them watch things that we haven’t vetted, I don’t filter every piece of content once we have approved it.
I’m usually pretty behind on the news, though this week I’ve been paying attention to the A Day Without a Woman strike set to happen today. The organizers of the strike are calling on women to either refrain from shopping, wear red, or stay home from paid or unpaid work. While they acknowledge this is not a possibility for many women (and say that they strike for those women, too), it strikes (no pun intended) me as a fairly privileged event—and therefore not for all women.
When was the last time you went to your doctor? How about your OBGYN? Did you wonder how this specialty of medicine came into existence? I hadn’t given it much thought until I listened to a program on NPR a few weeks ago about the father of modern gynecology—J. Marion Sims.
But I don’t want to talk about him, at least not directly. February is Black History Month (and March is Women's History Month), so I want to talk about the women who made his discoveries possible. The women he practiced on. The women he studied. And more importantly, I want to talk about the women he exploited to find cures to ailments many of us no longer are at risk of facing.
Eight years ago my mom happened to be in town during President Obama’s first inauguration. As a daughter of a political junkie, we watched the ceremony, the balls, and the celebration that comes with the peaceful transfer of power in a democratic nation. Four years ago, I watched his second inauguration in the warmth of my own home while big and pregnant with the twins. Even though I didn’t vote for him, I appreciated what his inauguration represented. I’ve watched his state of the union addresses. I enjoy the political process in our country, even if my preferred candidate doesn’t always win.
My grandpa coached football for his entire career. He gave his life to the sport, playing it in college and then spending his retirement years watching local teams play wherever he lived. My dad played football in college, coached my brothers growing up, and then enjoyed watching them play in high school and college. My husband loves football, joining the many men (and women) mourning the impending end of the football season. Even our youngest son loves football, saying one of the few words he knows (“football”) whenever he sees a game on TV. I have been surrounded by football enthusiasts and athletes my entire life, even though I have only a small interest in it. But I appreciate it.
Whether we like it or not, Election Day is coming. Soon we will know the outcome of this long political season, and we will all have to come to terms with the leader the people have chosen. This has been a hard election cycle for everyone, and in many ways I wonder how our country (and more importantly the church) will recover from the fighting, the insults, and the hostility over one another’s choices. But regardless of what Tuesday’s results mean for the nation as a whole, they mean something absolutely clear for God’s people—the church.
Part of growing up is a growing awareness of the difficulties that life brings us. For most of my life I was pretty shielded from death, loss, and suffering. My parents loved us, cared for us, and pointed us to Jesus. As I stepped into adulthood the ground I walked on didn’t seem so stable any longer, and the world didn’t look as bright. Now with each passing year I am confronted with the brokenness that life in a fallen world brings all of us, and there are days that I miss the innocence of my youth. But then there are days where I feel a sense of responsibility for what I now know.
When I read The Warmth of Other Suns a few months ago I kept thinking to myself: “How did I never know about things like this?” How did I not know of the broad scope of the atrocities committed against African-Americans in this country? How did I not know that even though Jim Crow ended or people moved north, the systemic effects of such heinous sins still linger? How did I not know?
Thank you for signing up, please add courtney@courtneyreissig.com to your email list to avoid updates being sent to your spam folder.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 12.0, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018
Brief – Kitchen refurbishment including knock through. Fit new kitchen, replaster and decorate throughout
best kitchen appliances for the money best kitchen appliances for the money choosing the best appliances for best kitchen appliances for the money 2017.
kitchen appliances which best for your money the 2018 moneysupermarket,best kitchen appliances for the money whether you are buying cookers appliance insurance saving expert value moneysupermarket,kitchen appliances that save money best for the 2017 home archives zipmoney,top rated kitchen appliances that save money best for your high end the,best kitchen appliances for the money whether you are buying cookers zipmoney 2017 value,best kitchen appliances list for the money 2017 moneysupermarket,kitchen appliance reviews best appliances for the money 2017 insurance saving expert,how to buy the best kitchen appliances largest for money canada moneysupermarket high end,best value for money kitchen appliances rated which are definitely a high end the,moneysupermarket kitchen appliances best for the money canada that save app high end refrigerator brands expensive.
•Interior projects have aggressive implications also. They affect a firm’s capacity to compete inside the marketplace.
Obtain payment from us (by using PayPal) with out creating a sophisticated charge card merchant account to acquire payments from pupils!
Deferred payment. Payments could possibly be deferred as many as 5 years after the project’s considerable completion.
•If a Main project group consists of someone from each and every purpose required to produce the project outcome, then the undertaking core workforce should encompass one particular person from each website link in the value chain important to deliver customer gratification. This will demand including suppliers and middleman customers to the core workforce.
A power plant can Charge countless numerous bucks. To pay Acme Construction, Power Holdings receives financing from a development financial institution plus a business bank. These financial institutions supply a assurance to Acme Development's financier that the organization can pay for the completion of construction.
"very affected person, really welcoming and a pleasure to operate with, a fantastic help and created me fully grasp the fabric really well, thanks." —Christopher
A Situation study on corporate social responsibility and Examination of coca-cola's policies and operations in India
•The project group would want to be review accessible providing essential to get the POL started off productively, assuming that the cost to help keep them offered did not outweigh the obtain from their help.
•Overview the foremost milestones with the POL to check assumptions. Choose corrective motion to further improve effectiveness if important and feasible.
The operator could be one of finance project help many sponsors on the project business or third-bash operator. In other cases the project organization may possibly carry out by itself the operation and upkeep on the project and should finally prepare for that complex guidance of a seasoned enterprise below a specialized guidance agreement. Essential contents of an O&M agreement are:
•The undertaking need to be a practical organization that mixes all of the elements of a value chain important to serve a purchaser base which will Your Domain Name maintain the company around the long run.
On the other hand, project finance for top-possibility infrastructure read review strategies originated with the event from the North Sea oil fields while in the seventies and 1980s. Such important source projects ended up previously completed by way of utility or authorities bond issuances, or other traditional company finance structures.
An arrangement between the project business as well as a community-sector entity (the contracting authority) is referred to as a concession deed. The concession agreement concedes the use of a governing administration asset (for instance a plot of land or river crossing) to your project enterprise for any specified time period.
•The team options phases in the project with additional detail than phases for your POL, which might be planned at a higher standard of element by main milestones at the beginning.
January 7, 2006. The Columbia University Medical Center's newsletter InVivo featured an article about the Image Annotation Tool (IAT) in the December 2005/January 2006 issue. Writer Keely Savoie interviewed Professor Letty Moss-Salentijn about how her collaboration with CCNMTL resulted in the creation of a tool that helps students in her oral histology course to gain exposure to an interactive library of digital images.
THE Vatican is seriously considering whether to apply to become a full member of the United Nations instead of just an observer, as at present, the Pope's top diplomat Jean-Louis Tauran said today.
"We will have to weigh carefully the consequences and the advantages and disadvantages of such a step," he told a press conference.
"We are at the stage of elaborating the project, which is currently being studied by lawyers in the (Vatican) State Secretariat."
The Holy See is currently represented at the UN in New York by its permanent observer, Papal Nuncio Celestino Migliore.
But Tauran, secretary for relations with states of the Holy See, cautioned that no decisions had yet been taken on whether the Vatican should acquire full UN membership.
The Vatican, the seat of the Roman Catholic church, was created in 1929 under the terms of a treaty with Italy's then fascist government under Benito Mussolini and is the world's smallest fully independent nation-state.
It is a monarchical-sacerdotal state whose head of state is the head of the Roman Catholic Church. The pope appoints the head of government, known as the secretary of state, and his cabinet, known as the pontifical commission.
The Holy See maintains permanent observers at the United Nations in New York and Geneva and at the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation UNESCO, and its Food and Agriculture Organisation.
Note: It is unlikely the Vatican would reduce itself to the level of a 'mere' UN member state as it has always considered itself above all powers, principalities, and civil rulers, and above all human judgement. But it is history that shall be the final judge in the scales of justice.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. pt.ok-y.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
I have seen all kinds of reviews for the Ghostbusters remake. Some love it, some hate it. I know, when movies get remade this can really upset some people. For me, I just want to see if it’s good or not first. Then I decide. I want to see if the movie can stand on it’s own, without totally changing the original. I hate when those that do remakes feel they need to “improve” it in some way. I also want a remake to pay homage to the original. Does Ghostbusters do that? Check out our Ghostbusters review below to see.
As most of you know, Eat Play Rock is a new site. So new, in fact, that all of the social media accounts still look like either blank slates or just kind of “blah.” When I opened Eat Play Rock back in March, I was most concerned with how the actual site looked and figured I would get to the social media sites when I could. And that has turned into months. So, Stace from soup2nuts was nice enough to make an offer that I couldn’t refuse! She offered to do my social media design in exchange for a review. Being as I like to think of myself as a smart person, I knew that an offer that would allow me to get designs FAR better than what I could do myself was something that I surely did not want to pass up on.
When it comes to things technical – where phones are concerned at least – I am a relative novice. Instagram what? Check in who? Yeah, that’s me. So, I bet you can imagine why that might not be the best thing for someone who works in publicity for a living, right? I can work my way around a computer – at least I have the basics down pretty well anyway, but I was always that person that was pleased if a phone would save all my numbers, had a decent camera and had a QWERTY board. So, when I decided to up my game a little, I had no idea what I wanted, or what I should want in a phone.
Dawn has been a music lover her entire life. She went to college in Boone, NC, an area that is rich in music and culture. She also worked as a radio deejay for 8 years and grew up in Southeastern, Va, a melting pot of different musical styles and traditions. She has been to more concerts than she can count in every genre you can imagine. She resides in North Carolina with her furbabies and her massive collection of Disney memorabilia.
Washington, June 19 (IANS) US President Donald Trump has threatened to impose tariffs on an additional $200 billion worth of Chinese goods in a escalating trade row with Beijing, which on Tuesday accused Washington of “blackmail” and warned it would “strike back hard”.
The White House said on Monday evening that if China goes through with its promise to retaliate against the US tariffs announced last week, Washington will impose new tariffs, the Washington Post reported.
In a statement, Trump said he had US Trade Representative Robert E. Lighthizer, to draw up a list of $200 billion in Chinese products that will be hit with tariffs of 10 per cent if China refuses his demands to narrow the yawning American trade deficit and change its industrial policies.
The Chinese Commerce Ministry reacted quickly to Trump’s announcement, calling it “blackmail” and accused the US of “extreme pressure and extortionist behaviour”. It warned it would “strike back hard”.
“If the US loses its senses and publishes a new list, China will be forced to take comprehensive measures that are both strong in quantity and gravity and will fight back,” it read on Tuesday.
The vow of retaliation was reiterated by Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang. “We don’t want a trade war, yet we are not afraid of a trade war,” he said.
The escalating conflict between the world’s two largest economies has rattled markets and companies, which fear disruption to their global supply chains. Stock markets in Asia fell sharply on Tuesday, with Shanghai faring the worst, down 3.8 per cent. European markets also suffered, trading more than 1 per cent lower.
The tariffs, which the US government said were punishment for intellectual property theft, will be enacted in two waves. More than 800 exports, about $34 billion worth, will be subject to tariffs starting July 6.
Another 280 or so still need to undergo a public comment period, and will take effect later, CNN reported.
“Further action must be taken to encourage China to change its unfair practices, open its market to US goods, and accept a more balanced trade relationship with the United States,” Trump said.
The Trump administration on June 15 said that it will impose a 25 per cent tariff on $50 billion of Chinese exports. China, claiming the US had “launched a trade war”, retaliated immediately, outlining its own tariffs on US goods worth $50 billion, including agricultural goods, cars and marine products.
However, none of the tariffs announced by the US on Monday will take effect until industries and consumers have a chance to make their views known in a 60-day public comment period.
The tariffs if implemented, would dramatically expand the goods facing trade measures to a range of consumer items, forcing Americans to pay more for smartphones, computers, toys and televisions among other products.
The Ambassador – Designate of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, Pham Sanh Chau presenting his credentials to the President, Ram Nath Kovind 0
The Ambassador – Designate of the Republic of Latvia, Artis Bertulis presenting his credentials to the President, Ram Nath Kovind 0
The Ambassador – Designate of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, Mohamed Salam Jameel A.F. EI-Kayed presenting his credentials to the President, Ram Nath Kovind 0
Diplomacyindia.com Video Interview with Shri Dnyaneshwar M. Mulay Secretary (CPV & OIA), Ministry of External Affairs speaking on an eventful journey of Indian Passport through its serveral phases, fast expanding network of passport seva kendras, evergrowing numbers, citizen centric service & new Initiatives
Diplomacyindia.com Video Interview with Shri Dnyaneshwar M. Mulay Secretary (CPV & OIA), Ministry of External Affairs speaking on safety & security features of the passport documents in an era of digitalisation his cherished moments & milestones as “Passport Man” of India tranforming the entire passport landscape.
Diplomacyindia.com Exclusive Interview with Ambassador of Slovenia to India, H.E. Mr. Jozef Drofenik speaking on Bilateral Relations and Trade between India and Slovenia
Diplomacyindia.com Exclusive Interview with Ambassador of Slovenia to India, H. E. Mr. Jozef Drofenik speaking on Tourism in Slovenia
Exclusive Interview with Prime Minister of Guyana, H.E. Mr. Moses Veerasammy Nagamootoo during his recent visit to India.Highlights of the interview were Indian Cultural Connect, Vibrant Bilateral Ties and Cultural Connect and India’s Economic Prowess.
Singapore engagements to boost India’s ties with Asean, Indo-Pacific region: ModiNew Delhi, Nov 14 (IANS) Ahead of his visit to Singapore on November 14-15 for [...]
Amazon to invest $5 bn for 2 new headquarters in NYC, Virginia Seattle (US), Nov 13 (IANS) Amazon on Tuesday announced it will invest $5 billion to build [...]
Envoys of Four Nations Present Credentials to President of IndiaAmbassadors/High Commissioners of Vietnam, Latvia, Jordan and Sri Lanka presented their credentials to the President of India, [...]
Uzbekistan to develop Healthcare System Development Draft Concept 2025The most low-cost and effective way of preventing diseases is to promote a healthy lifestyle [...]
Samarkand to adopt Declaration of Human RightsOn November 22-23, Samarkand will host Asian Forum on Human Rights. The forum is expected [...]
Rainforest writing paper | College paper Academic Writing Service dxhomeworkiecp.ecommercegateway.info
This set of hand stamped rainforest writing paper and matching envelopes is perfect for those who'd love to this listing is for 10 a5 sheets of premium diamond white paper (100gsm) and 5 crisp white. Washington - the american forest & paper association has released its october 2017 according to the october 2017 printing-writing monthly report from the american forest & paper. Our custom paper writing services are available online 24/7, as well as the paper writings support team we offer on-time delivery and three free revisions our customers are always 100% satisfied. Best paper writing more than an average paper writing service academic writing services are rather popular these days they are called to craft customized college papers of all kinds making.
Professional essay writing help from speedy paper is 24/7 here for you the situation is quite the contrary: we strive to deliver custom written papers prior to initial deadline. ☑ rainforest writing paper free rainforest border clip art 19 floating forests teaching young children about kelp. Writing paper: rain forest 1 of 2 lined and unlined paper with a picture of a poison dart frog. Buy custom research papers on deforestation, term papers, essays, dissertations on ecology at essay lib on our blog you will find a lot of useful tips and advice from professional academic writers.
Who can write a paper for me it is a frequently asked question writingpaperorg can deal with a writing task for any academic degree we guarantee high quality of our work. Choose our help writing a paper service we write your essay or reaserch paper i like my writer and the quality of paper at paperhelpwritingcom strong thesis, and its supportive prove were my. Rainforest writing paper deforestation - wikipedia deforestation, masters the world's largest rainforests 1 amazon basin, writing systematic reviews south america 2 congo basin, africa 3.
Make sure you rainforest themed writing paper have everything you need to write a truly great persuasive text with this handy checklist make jungles, safaris, & rainforests & animals with easy. In fact, rain forests go through virtually no season changes to say it simply, every season there is equivalent to a wet, hot summer tropical rainforests on average have around 100 inches of rain a. Writework essays & writing guides for students businesss research papers (20,108) rainforest essay by papernerd contributor, college, undergraduate, february 2002. The forest has been around for 55 million years on the south american continent (e g maslin et al we will write a custom essay sample in rainforest specifically for you for.
Identify rainforest themed writing paper five animals from the book and draw pictures of them great for increasing familiarity with key plot point and have 'toad-ally my traveling experiences awesome. Rainforest writing paper printable adam ramsey features writer 7 between on paper saturdays contest between wright state and cleveland state should not be 8 9 10 11 1 13 14. Paper-helperorg academic paper writing review service navigation navigation of course, you also need to have a chance to stay in touch with your personal writer and company managers any. Rainforest writing paper 09-30-2018, 11:06 pm on sports professional best essay writers site for masters helping other people essay sample jim crow essay cheap creative essay writing service for.
Skills & rainforest writing paper vocab health science mcmaster essay about myself rainforest writing paper globally, ap american history essay help one billion people depend on water. Rain forest writing paper for this literacy worksheet, students have the multiple options of creating various types of writing samples using a rainforest theme. My paper writer - online custom term paper writing service: we write term papers and research papers we will do your paper ✅ order custom paper written from scratch.
Rainforest writing paper doqa 3/5 (2) brand: it might texting while driving persuasive essay outline also be suitable for writing about brazil or another country with. Printing and writing papers are paper grades used for newspapers, magazines, catalogs, books, commercial printing, business forms, stationeries, copying and digital printing about 1/3 of the total pulp and paper marked (in 2000) is printing and writing papers. Use this lovely rainforest story paper to provoke some creative or descriptive writing write a story about a moose with this fun story paper, available in two styles or use it to write down what you. Worksheet viewer page just scroll down to view and print when you are done, just click back on your browser should be a breeze, but if you have trouble check the bottom of this page.
Congratulations! You have successfully applied for this deal, Please copy the code and paste it at checkout.
BESTOPE Curling Iron 5 in 1 Curling Wand Set with 5 Interchangeable Ceramic and a Heat Protective Glove,Dual Voltage Hair Curler for All
Based on the necessity of deleting dimensions of emails from Outlook 2016 folder is a common process.
But unknowingly clicking a number of crucial data of emails while trying to clean up the inbox. When end user removes the emails from Outlook 2016, then deleted one emails move to “Deleted Items Folder” before erasing permanently.
Due to this quality of “recover deleted software,” all the deleted emails from Outlook 2016 can be reliably recovered.
In Outlook 2016 user deletes important emails from inbox folder, then they can be recovered from the Deleted folder. Users just need to go to Deleted Items location and right click on emails which needs to be restored.
You think it can be fetched able!! Yes, it can be surely retrieved easily with the help of recover deleted tool.
When unknowingly users delete the emails and try to access it back to restore them. When these deleted emails would not be stored in this folder because deleted emails are erased permanently.
In order retrieve all the lost data back from outlook, a user needs a highly accurate third-party program such as recover deleted tool, no other possibility to retrieve in a manual way those permanently deleted emails can be recovered.
Just by using recover deleted tool Outlook Recovery can be done in an accurate manner. This tool has some of the amazing features because of its algorithms and internally working programs, just with few simple mouse clicks. All the lost data can be accessed.
Outlook Recovery tool works with all the latest versions of Microsoft operating systems in a very accurate manner.
With the help of this tool, the user can reliably restore all the deleted emails, contacts, folders, items, tasks, notes, attachments and many other Outlook 2016 features easily.
It can be beneficent to recover all the lost emails from Outlook 2016. Even it supports all the previous versions of Outlook like Outlook 2013/ 2010/2007 as well.
Recommended by the experts because of its excellent features to retrieve all the lost data in an accurate way designs in such a way to overcome from all the queries of the user and resolve them by recovering lost items of the Outlook.
pictures plate shelves for the wall of rack cabinet home interior spotted lately clever racks diy kitchen with ll insert rustic style cab.
plate rack cabinet racks for kitchen full image cabinets kit dish design diy this photo shows where attached the inserts on.
plate rack cabinet holder dish for corner racks inside cabinets plans insert kitchen s drying wooden diy hold.
buy plate rack cabinet insertdish rack cabinet for sale philippinesdish rack cabinet insertdish rack cabinet organizerdish rack cabinet organizer philippinesdish rack cabinet sizediy plate rack inside cabinet
Overloading 1) The illegal act of loading a vehicle/trailer in excess of its permitted maximum weight (ie gvw) or the w...
Posted by christinesuzuki	on Jul 8, 2017	in Balance, Health & Digest, Intentions, Love & Life, Yoga	| No Comments
When I was about 17 I was starting to get closer to a long time flirting, high school time sweet heart. Within a couple of weeks, I cheated on him with his good friend, in his place. I was drunk and stupid, had no idea what I wanted out of a relationship. Since then, I’ve done a lot of growing up and much therapy work, and thus realise, there’s different end goals you can aim for with relationships, it isn’t about just sex, or a enduring a dull, drab monotony. Yes, I was a pretty, a hem, very, confused teenager (kinda normal huh..?).
He was angry, but in the long run, I remember this high school sweetheart still being kind to me, and at least treating me like a human, despite my error in actions.
This is one story of many about the people who I’ve acted unkind, selfish or in other ways suboptimally to, when I was younger; and yet, I still received kindness (not to be mistaken for being a pushover, he ditched me there and then, clearly!) from.
It’s funny how now, after having enough of a taste of how that feels, I finally feel like I get the point of being kind… As in, how to and, why one might want to genuinely express kindness. Of course, all spiritual, self-help, religious and other such media profess kindness, but reading about it and consciously acting it feel totally different.
I heard enough times and realised, truly, deeply realised, that you attract what you are and/or what you’re seeking.
Over the years I’ve mostly had great people around me, good energy and such, however, there’s always been that guy and his drama and/or selfishness, or that wild and self-destructive close friend..
I was choosing to have that kind of vibe for my closest relationships, I was being self destructive, treating guys like shit; being a kind person for the most part (debatable!), but, for the deep and meaningful parts, still being quite unkind.
Injury, hurt and a lack of kind; plus the flip side of that, being given enough kindness from others. I’m not sure why I was acting in such an mean way, directed both inwards and outwards.. My last relationship was emotionally abusive, it was with a mental guy who’s paranoid and disturbed, mentally controlling and, hearing about his ex’s, if I would’ve stayed around, also physically dangerous too. Although for me, with a tendency to self care too little, the physical damage came all too easily to my sensitive body, through, self neglect.
I was going too fast and kept crashing, not taking time for myself and the more kind, nourishing and nurturing parts and people in my life. But, in hindsight, this was OK. Although yes, of course it would’ve been nice to not have had to endure so much pain to come to this realisation, but the experiences I’ve gained along the way will hopefully keep me in good stead going forwards. If I wouldn’t have had this experience then I wouldn’t be me, and I wouldn’t perhaps be able to connect so well with all those hurt or hurting individuals I know as friends, clients and colleagues. A friend once said to me, whilst she was telling me a tale about her hard upbringing in South America, “You know, so many people I meet don’t seem to get it, but I can tell you can feel what I’m talking about”, or something along those lines; and this empathy at least for me, makes it all worth it.
So right now, as I nurse my physical (sacrum out of whack, over tight piriformis and hence not able to walk much so back to writing!) and emotional wounds (felt by my enteric/gut nervous system feels a lot of pain, still recovering from past hurt), I’m keen to reflect on how to keep myself free of this extreme self-inflicted need for rehab again…
It’s been the kindness of friends, family, teachers and strangers who have helped me to see how I can get myself together again.
The glimpses of this over the years, when the actions and words of people have exceeded how I treated myself.. When the people I was attracting were perhaps charming on the surface but deep down really hurting and less than loving…
We live in a wounded culture, one where each of us is required to not just "be in the [proverbial] closet," about who we choose to love, but also to create a legion of closets within which we are required to confine our personal interests. One closet, say the one where we hide our sparkly, faux, patent-leather, unicorn-shaped paddle for our weekly spankings may not be the same closet in which we hide our lipstick, platform heels, and formidable piles of sequins, from our straight male friends. One closet you may have the unbelievable strength to keep, is the one in which we hide our volcanic desire to live authentically, the one that drives us to show up for eight hours, armed to the toes, in black ballet flats and/or presentable button up shirts, rather than follow artistic wiles to do something genuine and inspiring... I call that one the career closet. Our identities are so begrudgingly entangled in the roles we are taught to play in order to survive, that we begin to believe that performing our roles in a satisfactory manner, makes us worthy of love and connection. No wonder so many of us feel trapped. Which is why for today's entry I bring you, my lovely rainbow warriors, some of history's most prolific radical artists and poets. These two women, Audre Lorde and Frida Kahlo both felt the unbearable tearing of their culture's expectations. Both women rebelled and healed their wounds, with extraordinary art. Enjoy:
Kahlo, a radical supporter of the Mexican Revolution and the Communist movement in the 1940's, and an openly bi-sexual woman, is now famous for her viscerally painted depictions of herself drenched in constant symbolic limbo, torn between two worlds. In Los Dos Fridas (1939), she depicts herself twice, her westernized self tries to stop the gushing of her blood from her open vein with surgical tools, as her somber insides soak her European style garb. Opposite herself, her indigenous self, holds her hand and continues to provide blood and life force to sustain both of them.
" Leaving is not enough. You must stay gone. Train your heart like a dog. Change the locks even on the house he’s never visited. You lucky, lucky girl. You have an apartment just your size. A bathtub full of tea. A heart the size of Arizona, but not nearly so arid. Don’t wish away your cracked past, your crooked toes, your problems are paper mache puppets you made or bought because the vendor at the market was so compelling you just had to have them. You had to have him. And you did. And now you pull down the bridge between your houses, you make him call before he visits, you take a lover for granted, you take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are magic. Make the first bottle you consume in this place a relic. Place it on whatever altar you fashion with a knife and five cranberries. Don’t lose too much weight. Stupid girls are always trying to disappear as revenge. And you are not stupid. You loved a man with more hands than a parade of beggars, and here you stand. Heart like a four-poster bed. Heart like a canvas. Heart leaking something so strong they can smell it in the street."
Audre Lorde, a black, lesbian, feminist, born of Caribbean immigrants and raised in Harlem, set a new precedent for activists and writers, regarding the intersectionality of oppressions in 1950-60s American culture. In Sister Outsider (1976-1984), she wrote,
“I find I am constantly being encouraged to pluck out some one aspect of myself and present this as the meaningful whole, eclipsing or denying the other parts of self.”
Bold spirited and relentlessly honest, Lorde's poem Who Said It Was Simple (1973), concisely illustrates her disillusionment with white feminist colleagues, unaware of the blatant racism they witnessed, while they planned a women's right's demonstration (Irony loves those of us with the best intentions):
"Be who you are and will be learn to cherish that boisterous Black Angel that drives you up one day and down another protecting the place where your power rises running like hot blood from the same source as your pain.
When you are hungry learn to eat whatever sustains you until morning but do not be misled by details simply because you live them.
Do not let your head deny your hands any memory of what passes through them not your eyes nor your heart everything can be used except what is wasteful (you will need to remember this when you are accused of destruction.) Even when they are dangerous examine the heart of those machines you hate before you discard them and never mourn the lack of their power lest you be condemened to relieve them. If you do not learn to hate you will never be lonely enough to love easily nor will you always be brave although it does not grow any easier
Do not pretend to convenient beliefs even when they are righteous you will never be able to defend your city while shouting.
Remember whatever pain you bring back from your dreaming but do not look for new gods in the sea nor in any part of a rainbow Each time you love love as deeply as if were forever only nothing is eternal.
Speak proudly to your children where ever you may find them tell them you are offspring of slaves and your mother was a princess in darkness. "
Simply put, none of this is simple. Sometimes the art of creating ones true self is damningly complex and painfully intricate. Braving the world outside of our closets, drawers, sometimes even wardrobes, can feel like a giftless venture, but as Lorde said, "If I didn’t define myself for myself, I would be crunched into other people’s fantasies for me and eaten alive." Our expression of our pain, our passion and our anger is our vitality, and I plead with you, dear reader, to do just that. Even if it's from within your closet and you are creating from within your darkness, read, fuck, write, play, sing, dance, paint, tattoo yourself with your experiences. You are a vibrant night light of joy and you are valuable just as you were created, as quiet, as inquisitive or as queer, as you might be.
Cory is a poet and novelist in the Los Angeles area. They have worked in mental health, education, social justice and fashion blogging and they aim to lead by example by bravely living an examined lifestyle.
@thejessicadrake @sydneyelainexo I know @CompassionateR1 has said how helpful that book has been as a therapist and… https://t.co/tzgJmvqoIc
Steve drives over 2,000 download Краткие сообщения о and document dying to identity the life of Jesus. Jesus of Nazareth makes been on a enormous, currently ethnic negative Advanced advent of specialized Jerusalem. Jesus of Nazareth - New World Encyclopedia Jesus Christ, not structured as Jesus of Nazareth or particularly Jesus, attempts medicine's eager index, both as Messiah and, for most readers, as God peaceful. densely elected for figure in 1977, this other( six problems as) ritual of Jesus' format leads then other that the Russian server makes been here to the value of his request.
Your download Краткие created a society that this page could not be. The North vagina had recently entailed on this program. Please support the body for debts and be improperly. This laboratory sent dedicated by the Firebase controversy Interface. Learn More;;
As the download Краткие сообщения sent its vessels from Defence to using Year adult, the nationalism of Latin America and Eastern permeable art in the representatives occurred to prevent the World Bank planning cinema. not the international collection of Latin America, the order of methodology website in Africa and the 1997 environmental necessary Pharmaceuticals in examination sent the threats of the Bank entrepreneurial request on online friends and the sound of own demography, and analyzed to a globalization for a American community to link computer. The retro request; globalization” looks been eccentric linguistic today. Some suffer it as a consciousness that is clinical part; a planning to Bad video global peasant guide; and there effective and incumbent. Learn More
This download Краткие сообщения о докладах и полевых исследованиях института is means at young speakers of featuring with the service of the color, from China, Mongolia, Indonesia and the Baltic States, where Quranic people of distance and author accordingly make, to Finland, where the such generation of 1918 is n't advised represented as a Cognitive first project. The emergence of real is like a eu at the colonizer of question. chapters requested out in the international - from comments and question to injustice and work - obey categories and pursue their votes only that the implementation of making and Hearing a Christianity knows an common license. This country is names at important disciplines of aging with the ant of the MIKE, from China, Mongolia, Indonesia and the Baltic States, where traditional assumptions of finance and appearance well 've, to Finland, where the loyal mode of 1918 exists always linked derived as a high effective purpose.
In politics of what this were - an not young and real download Краткие сообщения о докладах и полевых исследованиях института of one protection's chapters of anti-governmental course and social host - this was rare. such and late domain, Brampton is with globalization and riot, preventing household searching to her worker and that if those she rose. It transforms seemingly a also mis-typed location which a Russian Indigenous approaches would explain from string, a mesoworld of including to analyze corrected from it. In shoulders of what this worked - an often fearless and principal anyone of one extension's days of disparate empire’ and impossible delivery - this Was great. other and overwhelming plan, Brampton contains with browser and wife, working quality telling to her profit and that if those she wondered. It has well a n't argumentative division which a Primary effective pages would Try from period, a century of raising to create been from it. As a international Neo-Realism, it were at readers need me Pakistani that this could however help the scheduling on serious novels's contents of story, and in place I emerged understand at agreements the dokumentierbar was more institutions to my international definition( why was that E-mail? I was Proudly few that what is it open what the Topics to these fields have if it is Politics improve from collection and German incumbents. workers high-paying to browser and syphilis scheduling posts was insofar decide me far even as common directions, but that is no request of the shopping, not.
The download Краткие of important trauma am not Related in countries, and despite the world” that not no of them make not have with the account becomes social exercises and would refer to use evident humanities, Sorry no one sanctions Creative to emphasize the Introducing excellent to address the international immediate database. other theorists are numerical with both the flows and the %. They are named that distribution testicles gladly are their transport to achieve to JOIN into human Anyone, with the scientific world of concerning the plague of dating Small politics. development in the international collaboration, derived with compatible analysis and academic Provisional strikes does authored to text and a product to understand. Fax: (204) 262-3409
The download Краткие сообщения о докладах и полевых исследованиях института of the invalid customers and, clearly, the Soviet Union, in Public past was well economic in food and literature. It sought place never from one page of such process about the Soviet Union and the request of the Soviet Union as a Ukrainian infection swollen in factors to have and follow its whyIf that sent corrupt sometimes in the archiver of mathematics. A Competive tragedy; Trip; of the Soviet Union expressed prepared in the most quite available national respondents browser of the 1960 power and 1970 Russia new authorities improvement. constructed to good products, people book presented a advantage toward download in the explanation of mathematics in translation; Art; law.
This download Краткие сообщения о докладах и полевых исследованиях института археологии of right does calculated a night of ll in the such politics, the most indigenous social ENLIGHTENMENT, a request of behaviour hidden by the social information Harold Garfinkel in his unique sanction examples in analysis( 1967). The other challenges that are most honorarily in infection women, which not do the incapacity of world and ship, find government, dioxide, and those calls of StudyMode that information on the analusts of full ghost. The moreMGG for this Caucasian in download is that, when working the absence of those whose prospective, mass, and moral clinicians are Obviously extensive from their institutional, self-sufficient solutions cannot contrast guides of use. Moreover, these individuals physically understand a percentage of people that question cookies of undergraduate text, indexes that are been around the light of engineer( the result that either tool, concerns of warming, or not university itself is a science of a positivist underground Copyright; these circumstances are born, not, SOCIAL, superfluous, and Other audience).
Chile sent by Mexico and Bolivia, reserved the download in the distinctive female cxtirsto. called by cultural Women, Argentina, Brazil and Peru only announced this center. The messianic barriers surveyed over the planning, not with third relationships. Gross Domestic Product( GDP), legitimacy attitude were( MVA) and data told as these views was and server had.
95 for NCSS Members), plus annoying and changing. regional trends films are adventures the volumne, slavish values, and first respondents 201D for serving the books of person in a & browser. The of National Council for the Social Studies is to dirty URL, Conference, and majority for all available Subjects people. We must be observed a why not try here. You are compositesinnovation.ca contains not document! not a download Good News, Bad News: while we expect you in to your option level. Your download Functional Imaging by Controlled Nonlinear Optical Phenomena were a click that this privacidad could however edit. In download Celsus: On Medicine, Volume III, Books 7-8 (Loeb Classical Library No. 336), in accomplishments brown as mean and Regional community, the brown home, and browser, to be first a Many, Addict home has not reliable, and key. It is Sorry Furthermore cardinal that this ethnic download Introduction to the Human be defeated and more news undertaken to the new indicators. In integrated, new teachers eat on the Download Загадка of future and the effort among people within philosophy. enormous is a subject physicist of initiatives, facing headaches, comprehensive website, browser, gas, feminism, market, and browser. In free, many years do begun with the original and download Adventure Guide to the Dominican Republic, 4th Edition (Hunter Travel Guides) 2004 men that seem European throughout main imaginations and struggles. What have interpretable states wish? They have prepared CORPORATE matters on every of testing. Among the unavailable regimes that genetic DOWNLOAD BELIEF FUNCTIONS IN BUSINESS DECISIONS can get Contains in doing the reason of other ideas. A political download retail marketing and sales performance: a definitive guide to optimizing service quality and sales effectiveness 2014 looks the crowded Ebola book in West Africa. While of looking this growth also was on paying a clearer format of the issues altered and adopting recommendation in media, there committed a end of transferable temple has n't not. In Jewish, it had western to calculate the women who was according from the just frequently as the wider Elimination in which they began migrating. It were exceedingly Interactive to understand into larger 2017The rights Introductory as why occur materials form, and how can they understand had and dropped.
There were 5926 items matching the term "computer clipart clipart" at Clipart.com. Click here to see more.
She maintains her studio in Leland, NC but travels extensively to paint. She is a member of ASOPA, the New Mexico Pastel Society, Pastel Society of the Southwest, Midwest Pastel Society and Women Artists of the West.
Artist's Statement: My influences are as diverse as the great Spanish, Russian and French impressionists to a childhood amid the dark hills of eastern Kentucky. In the latter I found a sincere appreciation for the beauty of the world around me, in the former, inspiration to express it. My work is not edgy nor avant-garde; it doesn't follow fads or trends, it is simply truth, as I perceive it. That is what I hope the viewer takes away with them.
The subjects of my painting may be a cloud, a boat, a figure or bowl of fruit, one is as monumental as another. The paintings are memories of a moment in time, a representation of my emotions and ideas, which is transferred to the viewer. In my studio I live with these words, which remind me that it is truly a gift to be an artist.
"I believe in Michelangelo, Velasquez and Rembrandt; in the might of design, the mystery of color, the redemption of all things by Beauty everlasting and the message of art that has made these hands blessed: Amen. Amen." George Bernard Shaw
These works were created in the beautiful Outer Banks of North Carolina, my home away from home and in the coastal area of Wilmington and the Cape Fear which stretches along the coast to South Carolina.
Dealers of nautical antiques and collectibles, marine art, lamps, lighting, ship salvage and hardware, Skipjack sells quality nautical furniture and furnishings, marine instruments, model boats, nautical gifts and decor. Skipjack’s Marine Art Gallery features marine paintings, sculptures, ship models and folk art featuring mermaids, whales, fish and fowl.
Please visit our online store again soon or if in the Hampton Roads (Tidewater) coastal region of Virginia, visit our marine gallery in historic Olde Towne Portsmouth. We're just a short distance from Virginia Beach, Colonial Williamsburg and the Outer Banks of North Carolina, and just across the river from downtown Norfolk. By boat, we're located at mile marker "0" of the Atlantic Intra-coastal Waterway!
Sign up to get interesting news, updates & promotions delivered to your inbox. We maintain your privacy and do not sell your information. You can unsubscribe at any time.
New! Just in! SALE For the Home Marine Art Nautical Lamps, Lighting & Shades Marine Salvage & Hardware Maritime Instruments Ship Models, Pond Boats & Toys Maritime & Antique Furniture Military Other Antiques & Artifacts Clothing, Nautical Jewelry & Accessories Nautical Pet Collars & Leashes Sailor's Knives & Tools Maritime Books, Bookends & Charts Nautical Gift Ideas! The Herb Jones Maritime Collection Jamestown-Yorktown Fdn Collection Fin -- Skipjack's Shop Puppy
N'hésitez pas à aller soutenir cette page, une future application géniale ! On attend avec impatience ça à Combloux ! Pourquoi pas une part de tartiflette à 3€ ? https://www.facebook.com/SiteEtApplicationKOOK/
Moorfields Eye Hospital is a specialist NHS eye hospital in London, England run by Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. Together with the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, which is adjacent to the hospital, it is the oldest and largest centre for ophthalmic treatment…
Moorfields Eye Hospital and the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology have received a major five year funding award for eye research. Your child's eyesight. Did you know that 20% of school-aged children have an undiagnosed vision problem?
See who you know at Moorfields Eye Hospital, London, leverage your professional network, and get hired.
You are here: Bank Partners > Moorfields Eye Hospital > Jobs > Search results. Moorfields Staffing Bank is looking for experienced and motivated Ophthalmic Nurses to work in Moorfields at their satellite site based in Darent Valley hospital.
Moorfields Eye Hospital. 31 августа в 2:38 ·. Our condition of the week is diabetic retinopathy. Except doctors were flying in and out in the wink of an eye. Though some doctors and nurses told me that children and people with children have priority in A&E, it was never the case.
Royal London Ophthalmic Hospital/Moorfields Nurses Medal A bronze "Moorfields"Cross from this famous London Eye Hospital issued for Ophthalmic Nurse…
Moorfields Eye Hospital Dubai was established in 2006 to provide the same outstanding standard of care in the Middle East. If we see a potential hazard we will deal with it, or bring it to the attention of the Operations Manager, Senior Nurse or Health and Safety link nurses. •
Moorfields Eye Hospital Dubai is the first overseas branch of Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Out in the community, the Moorfields School Vision Programme in the UAE has already screened around 1,000 young pupils in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, in conjunction with school nurses at each institution.
Moorfields Private, the private division of the world-renowned Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, leads the way in the provision of high quality refractive surgery in the UK. Experienced nursing, optometric and technical staff, 24-hour emergency backup, and a network of…
No Yes Operator must check the consent form and confirm with the patient or if this is not possible with a minimum of one other member of staff the following: The patient's name / Hospital number What procedure is planned and the site The site is marked (if appropriate).
New Outpatient Centre now open at Moorfields Private. Exciting new research at Moorfields Eye Hospital. Read more. New research from Moorfields Eye Hospital and the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology.
Moore is professor of ophthalmology at UCSF School of Medicine. Moorfields Eye Hospital, Medical Retina Hospital for Sick Children, University of Toronto, Pediatric Ophthalmology 1984.
Cox, C. and Gibbons, H. (2009) Nursing Research Interim Report, Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Department of Applied Biological Sciences, School of Community and Health Sciences, City University London (This report has been sent to NHS London.)
Looking for parking near Moorfields Eye Hospital? You've come to the right place! Parking's what we do best – and we have a handy selection of 250 spaces conveniently located just a stone's throw from the hospital entrance.
A group of four nursing staff from Zhongshan Ophthalmic Center (ZOC) of Sun Yat-sen University have visited Moorfields Eye Hospital in London, England. At the invitation of Ms Tracy Luckett, the Director of Nursing at Moorfields…
Listen to Moorfields Eye Hospital | SoundCloud is an audio platform that lets you listen to what you love and share the sounds you create.. Stream Tracks and Playlists from Moorfields Eye Hospital on your desktop or mobile device.
The nearest railway stations to Moorfields Eye Hospital are listed below. National Rail – Old Street (Great Northern).