If you are interested in undertaking a role to support the club please add your details to the form below or check out these links to specific roles we are looking to fill within the club
The Office of Research Compliance (ORC) supports and promotes ethical research practices at Brooklyn College. The ORC works with oversight committees and officers to promote the ethical and responsible conduct of research and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements relating to research involving human subjects, animals, and research misconduct.
ORC facilitates ethical conduct of research through advance and continuing protocol review; monitoring and reporting; regular meetings for review of proposed and continuing research; maintaining the institution's assurances with the appropriate government agencies; and submitting the required federal reports in a timely manner. ORC oversees the implementation of policies, procedures, and educational programs required by CUNY policies, and federal and state regulations governing the conduct of research activities involving human and animal subject.
The Human Research Protection Program (HRPP) is university-wide and exists to protect the rights and welfare of human subjects recruited to participate in research activities. All faculty and staff members, postdoctoral scholars, and undergraduate and graduate students of Brooklyn College who plan to initiate research involving human subjects must submit a protocol application for review and approval by CUNY's University Integrated-Institutional Review Board (UI-IRB) prior to beginning the project.
Federal and state regulations require that all proposed uses of animals undergo review by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee. The primary role of IACUC is to ensure the ethical and humane care and use of animals in research, testing, and teaching. IACUC reviews all animal use protocols, ensures compliance with government regulations, inspects animal facilities and laboratories, and oversees training and educational programs pertaining to animal use.
Brooklyn College is committed to maintaining an atmosphere of honesty and integrity among its faculty, students, and staff, and requires all research to be performed as such. To assist in achieving this goal, all researchers (faculty, students, and staff) are required to follow CUNY policies and complete the university's educational requirements. These requirements are reflective of the mandates of governmental regulations. The CUNY RCR website provides full details.
If you have any questions about these committees and programs, contact us at 718.951.5000, ext. 3829/5519.
We'll show you around and introduce you to one of the most beautiful campuses in the country. Arrange a tour today.
After earning an M.A. in history, Jane Cramer accidentally became a librarian instead of an archivist. While working in the Social Science Division of Brooklyn Public Library, she found that she had a strong interest in working with government information. She has been pursuing that at Brooklyn College since 1990. In addition to her work with government information, she designs posters and other materials to help promote library programs and services for our users.
Cramer works primarily with government information--from the U.S. federal government--and oversees the print and microform collections as well as online resources for the federal, New York State and New York City governments. As a result of her work with government information, she also assists users with legal information and statistics and demographics since so much of that information comes from various government sources.
Our Government Information College was recognized by the Government Printing Office and the Federal Depository Library Program with this citation: "Brooklyn College Library is being honored for their leadership and mentoring activities for library staff in the greater New York City area and providing access and staff with expertise for a wide range of electronic resources transitioning from a traditional to a modern library."
The Mildred Lowe Award, which honors librarians who have made significant contributions to Government Documents librarianship, access to government information, and/or the encouragement of documents in New
York State libraries. It is given in memory of Mildred Lowe, director of the Division of Library and Information Science at St. John's University and an indefatigable champion of public access to government information. (Awards and Honors) 2012
Invited presentation to library school students about using government information, April 3. (Conferences, Seminars and Symposiums: Invited Talk) 2007
Chairperson, Faculty Council Committee on Review of Programs. (Professional Leadership: Committee Service) 2006
Microsoft ActiveSync is a Internet software developed by Microsoft Corporation. After our trial and test, the software is proved to be official, secure and free. Here is the official description for Microsoft ActiveSync:
BSEditor: ActiveSync is a synchronization program developed by Microsoft. It allows a mobile device to be synchronised with either a desktop PC, or a server running Microsoft Exchange Server or Kerio MailServer. Only Personal Information Manager (PIM) data (Email/Calendar/Contacts) may be synchronised with the Exchange Server. (Tasks may also be synchronised with Exchange Server on Windows Mobile 5.0 devices.) The PC synchronisation option, however, allows PIM synchronisation with Microsoft Outlook, along with Internet "favourites", files, and tasks, amongst other data types. Supported mobile devices include PDAs or Smartphones running Windows Mobile, or the Windows CE operating system, along with devices that don't use a Microsoft operating system, such as the Symbian platform. ActiveSync also provides for the manual transfer of files to a mobile device, along with limited backup/restore functionality, and the ability to install and uninstall mobile device applications. you can free download Microsoft ActiveSync 4.0 now.
Samantha is an opinions columnist for the Herald from Long Island, New York. She is concentrating in Hispanic Literature and Culture and is currently writing her senior thesis about Puerto Rican poetry. Samantha has interned for Mentor New York, a non-profit organization that matches student mentees with mentors, and FreshDirect, a food delivery company based in New York City. Outside The Herald, she can be found looking for new restaurants in downtown Providence, writing short stories and weightlifting.
As classes start up again this fall and you begin to reunite with your friends and classmates, you might notice that some familiar faces are missing.
Recent events — namely April 20 (4/20) and Spring Weekend — inevitably brought up the topic of substance use among students.
It’s that time of year again. College decisions have just been released and decision day is right around the corner for next year’s incoming undergraduates.
While alternative spring breaks are more productive than Spring Breakers-esque trips to Miami, they might not necessarily be as selfless as they seem.
If you ask Brown students why they like their school, chances are the S/NC option and related academic freedom will be within the top five reasons.
I recently attended a conference called “Unmasking the Ivy League,” the first ever Ivy-wide mental health conference.
This January, the Providence Student Union launched the #OurHistoryMatters campaign, with the primary goal of adding an ethnic studies course.
Whether you are interested in volunteering regularly, or are available for just an hour or two, there are many opportunities for you to become involved with the residents, tenants, clients and visitors at Bethesda, including:
Gardening: Plant flowers beds, trim hedges and help keep the Bethesda community a beautiful place to live
Club Bethesda: Assist staff by providing hospitality to members or lead a group exercise class such as Tai Chi, Yoga or aerobics
Pet Visiting: Help residents enjoy the companionship of your dog, cat or other pet and bring a smile to their face
The Bethesda Foundation is pleased to announce that the $350,000 challenge put forth in February by … [Read More...]
This just in: Jesse James has checked himself into REHAB. Seriously? First Tiger (okay, not FIRST, but you get the point), now Jesse James. So now, every time someone has an affair, we should assume therein lies a sex addiction? Every time someone screws up royally, or does something they know they should absolutely not do, they must have a “problem” – there must be a “name” for that problem, and it will take a week (heck, maybe a month) at a spa, possibly even an appropriately named pill, to cure it?
Everyone these days looks for an excuse, someone or something else to blame for their own decisions. When did we decide that we don’t need to hold ourselves accountable for our own actions?
C’mon folks. How big a collective fool are we? If that’s the case, then I am closing my MacBook right now and heading off to my own Rehab – shopping addict’s rehab, that is. I admit it. I can’t go a full week without at least logging onto Ann Taylor, J Crew, Gap, DSW…you name it, I’ve got a bookmark for it. I know I shouldn’t. I know I’ve promised myself that I won’t. I know that my bank account is begging me to STOP ALREADY! And yet, I am still unable to pass up that perfect pair of Lucky Brand jeans that – for the LOVE OF GOD – are on SALE – Today Only! How could I NOT? What right do I have to TURN AWAY from a deal like that? And oh, the SHOES! Don’t even get me started!
Let me get this straight: a day’s worth of shopping followed by a half-hearted apology and a week at a spa on the coast? Hmmm…somebody’s on to something here…
My oldest son, Connor, introduced me to a new song by Fort Minor the other day. I usually play along - sometimes I like the song, sometimes not. But rarely do I enjoy the actual lyrics. I must admit though, that this one is totally stuck in my head. I was sitting at a red light this morning singing along, and realized that the bass coming from my car was attracting attention. Oops. I promptly turned it down and donned my sunglasses.
10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will. 5% pleasure, 50% pain. And 100% reason to remember the name.
I love this! And so true about anything in life worth fighting for. I've come up with a revised version for us writers:
5% luck, 50% skill, 20% concentrated power of will. 10% timing, 15% pain. And 100% reason to remember the name. Yes, I took out the pleasure. There are those writers who might say the writing IS the pleasure.
B.S. The pleasure comes from the recognition, the contracts, the publishing credits, the by lines. Am I right?
As I understand it, this great honor is a license to be creative which, as all writers know, is akin to putting a Labrador Retriever in a room full of rawhide and commanding him to "Chew!"
Rules of acceptance require me to list seven wild and wacky little known facts about myself, at least one of which must be true (all may be true if I decide to let you in on my deep, dark secrets). You, buttercup, will have to decide for yourself which, if any, of the facts below are crazy truths or creative fiction:
1. When I was 17 (before cell phones!) I got lost driving alone out to a friend's farm house for a party. Scared out of my mind, and puffing on cigarette after cigarette, I almost drove into a swamp, backed out of a corn field and knocked on a trailer door at midnight. A grumpy old man in a wife-beater answered the door, holding a shot gun. I calmly told him I was lost, and he shut the door in my face. I found a black top road and stood in the middle of it waving my arms above my head frantically until a union worker on his way to work stopped and offered to lead me to the nearest highway.
2. At the age of three, I visited Universal Studios with my family. I was standing outside the men's restroom waiting for my dad & older brother, when a young Robert Redford walked by, patted me on the head and smiled before continuing on his way. I don't think my mom washed my hair for a week...
3. I saw Billy Squire in concert at the American Theater. He was dressed head to toe in pink leather. He saw me dancing on my table and pulled me up onto the stage. "Stroke Me" still brings tears to my eyes...
4. When I was 20 years old, I danced on the bar at a local sports bar, and had dollar bills stuffed in my jeans
5. Walking down Rush street in Chicago, I ran right into David Schwimmer and another actor (the first year "friends" was on tv). I didn't know his "real" name, so I just pointed at him and said "Hey! You're ROSS!" He rolled his eyes and kept walking.
6. The first time I flew overseas, I sat next to a very attractive guy a few years older than me. Unfortunately, I got very motion sick going through some turbulence, and went through four airline "puke" bags. Despite my unattractive behavior, my seat-mate asked me to dinner.
Browsing through an antique store (aptly named “Classy Clutter”) in Atlanta today, I came across a typewriter. It was a 1920 Remington Portable with solid, round keys. I am a huge fan of antique typewriters. And first edition books. Journals and fountain pens. Anything to do with writing, really. I think I’m much more in love with the craft than it is with me. But that’s a story for another time. I have a dream of pounding out my first novel on round keys such as these. The clunk-ca-clunk cadence is so romantic to me. It has a “dark and stormy night” quality all its own.
I love the way a typewriter feels under my hands. The unmistakable outline of each letter, wrapped in a perfect circle. I love what a typewriter produces. Not the mind that creates what ends up on the page (although that, too, is a dreamy wonder to me), but literally, what it produces. The black letters that, if the buttons are not pressed just so, will create uneven print, the ink lighter by degrees in various curves and lines on the page.
Running my hands over its solid lines, I imagine a writer resting his own travel-weary hands on this one. Head bent, eyes closed, willing his fingers to capture the thoughts in his mind. I picture late nights in his one-room apartment over the corner grocery store pounding out short stories to sell to the local paper - light reading to offset the heavy economic news of the times (such as it is 90 years later...).
The sticker price asked for a reasonable $65. The sales clerk came down to $50. This isn’t the one I’ll use to write that novel. But it will have a place of honor in my living room/library. The worn case and broken leather handle a testament to its slow decay from over almost a century of bent heads and nimble fingers.
When I was 28 years old, I went back to school for the Bachelor’s degree I had only earned about 20 credits towards when I quit school to work full time. Then comes love, then comes marriage… well, you get the picture. The good news is that by the time I did go back, I really did know exactly what I wanted to do. A degree in Professional Writing (under the English department) at Webster University allowed me to study all the writing disciplines I could; sports journalism, entertainment journalism, business writing, creative writing… my dream education!
In my Senior year, I took a class called Writing for Advertising with a very talented writer and fantastic instructor named Sally Howald (props to you, Sally – you buy the first round next happy hour). Anyway, she had us write print ads, tvs spots and radio spots for various fictional and non-fictional brands. I was going through old files on my laptop today and found a few of them.
Educated Man (in quiet voice): And now…a special warning brought to you by the educators at Smarty Pants Academy.
Educated Man (in quiet voice): According to educational psychologist Maurice Fisher, "If the gifted child is not stimulated in infancy, preschool and early elementary education, they may lose their potential.
Educated Man (in quiet voice): “Age 3-5 is a critical period in which children develop their brains to their maximum ability.”
Educated Man (in quiet voice): Send your little angel to Smarty Pants Academy. Think of how they might turn out if you don’t.
Ga ngst er: Gangster: Okay, fine. I’m not actually Capone’s hat. But I am a wide-brim fedora. And at Goodwill you can find me, and a lot more vintage stuff from the 20s. Like those flapper dresses the dames used to wear in my day…
Gangster: And stuff from the 30s and 40s…gabardine suites and sling backs. At Goodwill you can find Capri pants and leather jackets from the 50s and 60s, bellbottoms and ponchos from the hippy 70s…you get the picture.
Gangster: That’s right, kid. Goodwill has the real McCoy, too – no fake vintage here. And Goodwill has nine locations in the St. Louis area. So scram to your nearest Goodwill store for the hippest vintage clothing…
No wonder I miss being in school so much! I’ve been giving a great deal of thought lately to going back for my Masters in Creative Writing. I wonder if it’d be half as much fun...
SPARK... an idea that could lead to future publication - An image can spark an idea, a story, or a poem. Sometimes when I try to write I hit a dead end. When I merely write what I observe along the way, I sometim...
Pat Wahler's Journey... and a Giveaway - I'm still on a blog break (I'm at 29,000 words on my WIP) but I have a post on the Muffin today, and I'm offering a giveaway. I'd love if you checked it ou...
We Interrupt This Letter Adventure for Sunshine Blogger Award - --> I have no idea why *Sioux from Sioux’s Page* nominated me for the Sunshine Blogger Award… maybe she knew I’d honor her since she honored me. I know i...
6 Content Marketing Trends and Where They’re Heading - As the marketing industry grows and changes, marketers must keep a pulse on the types of content that drive the highest conversions. Here’s a quick look ...
Succinctly Yours Week 244: Pretty Fly for a Snow White Guy - Hooray! Grandma of Grandma’s Goulash is back! And I hope my work life is settling down enough that I’m back from my unexpected little break as well. Succinc...
Mom of three, Content Director, writer, reader, and lover of good whiskey, Chicago-style pizza and vodka martinis.
I loved Namibian mornings. Compared to most capital cities, mornings in Windhoek dawn quietly - there's not much traffic to crowd the streets, and the colors of the sunset slowly moved across the cityscape as if God were pulling back a blanket. Our hotel was across the street from the Namibian Supreme Court, so it became the morning landmark I gazed at to watch the progress of the sun. Well okay, "gazed" might be a little generous...mostly, I squinted sleepily out the window and then got tea as quickly as possible from the spot downstairs that quickly became my favorite coffeeshop/home decorating store on earth.
You think I'm kidding about the greatness of this place, but I'm not. Even their milk pitcher promised great things!
Our next morning in Namibia didn't allow much time for watching sunrises or sipping cappuccinos, however - it was road trip time! The trip from Windhoek (in the middle of Namibia) to Swakopmund (on the coast) was about five hours and I was determined not to sleep for a moment - this was the only real wildlife-watching opportunity we'd get!
The thing no one tells you about Africa is that it's not easy to see the animals. On PBS it seems they're everywhere - I've never even noticed African foliage because the only thing you see are the cats, elephants and giraffes. In real life, you've moved past the animals before your brain even registers their presence. I'm sure it's different in a safari jeep than it was in our van rushing along a highway but the principle seems similar: the trees, brush and colors designed to blend with the natural wildlife? Yeah, it actually blends with the wildlife. My contact lenses repeatedly dried into crunchy plastic on my eyes as I stared at the landscape so hard I forgot to blink. Face pressed to the glass, camera ready, eyes alert...and thankfully, it was not wasted effort. The camera part was wasted effort, though - all I got was this blurry photo of a warthog.
I finally gave up on photography and just enjoyed seeing the animals for myself. Babboons, warthogs, lots of springbok and other antelope-like creatures...I got to send them my split-second greetings as we flew past. My travel pals had a giraffe sighting but I missed it. And really, wouldn't you?!
Eternal gratitude goes to Ardy, who managed to take this photo AND added the red arrow. Without it I'd never even be able to pretend I could see the giraffe.
These coveted animal sightings were infrequent during the long drive, but watching Namibia sail by was very entertaining anyway. The landscape looked so much like Arizona, it gave me an odd sensation that somehow I was traveling in time and had arrived at home. Plus, there were lots of less popular wildlife sightings, like these interesting nest-like baskets that hung from many of the trees:
On the left of this photograph, hanging from a branch...many trees had so many of these that I lost count.
And then there was my personal favorite, the termite towers. Absolutely phenomenal from a scientific and/or architectural perspective but the thought of it will make your skin crawl!
Like most other countries, Namibia's empty spaces were dotted with glimpses of civilization. We stopped at a couple but mostly we just glimpsed these small communities through the window. None of them reflected the African tribal culture I'd seen portrayed in documentaries about the nation; each of these roadside societies shared the heavily German vibe we'd seen in Windhoek.
I didn't know it then, but the transition from trees and bushes to this desolate desert meant the ocean was near.
Unfortunately, we hadn't left the townships behind in the big city - overcrowded, underprivileged areas surrounded Swakopmund, as well. Colorful laundry hung from crumbling plywood shacks made semi-waterproof only by black plastic tarps. Mothers walked with small children in dusty streets, and men lounged in doorways of makeshift businesses. It was bitingly cold, with wind that embraced you with chilling discomfort as soon as you stepped outdoors.
After the reality of the township, the perfection of our hotel seemed inappropriate and even distasteful. I was in no way ungrateful for the lovely accommodation and loved every moment we spent there, but was thankful the simple and comfortable rooms did not live up to the exterior's grandeur.
Swakopmund (pronounced Swa-KOPE-mund) was founded in 1892 and is home to approximately 42,000 people. Those Germans didn't show a lot of creativity in their naming process - the name simply means "mouth of the Swakop," since the Swakop River runs into the sea there. This Arizona girl has a hard time processing the fact, but it's true: this ocean town is in the Namib Desert.
We didn't get to see much of the town but from what we did see, it felt like a very small town. If you like German food, it could be a great vacation spot: Beach? Check. Sand Dunes? Check. Well-kept, lovely community? Check.
We had only been in Swakopmund for less than an hour but we were already scheduled to leave for a discussion panel. We rebelled just a tiny bit, squeezing in a lunch break at this amazing restaurant on the Swakopmund Jetty before the 45-minute drive to our meeting.
Thank you to everyone who helped raise money for water.org's new wells in Haiti! They reached the $100,000 goal before their deadline...now I hope you win some of the cool prizes.
It's the end of a long day in an even longer week, but by force of habit I checked my mail before collapsing on the couch. And wow, am I glad I did - look what was waiting for me!
It's the postcard that I sent myself from Havana more than four months ago! I'd mailed it as an experiment since I knew mail service was unpredictable - it's only 90 miles between the U.S. and Cuba, but that distance is filled with decades of resentment and accusations. Both countries have used mail service as a way to punish each other for political or security actions taken. Seriously, the more I learn about the embargo the more I'm convinced it's exactly like two small children holding their breath until they get exactly what they want.
But in spite of all that, there it was - this amazing piece of paper waiting patiently in my mailbox. I'd really love to know its story. Did it just sit somewhere for all this time, or was it shipped around without logic? There's no hint on the card itself - not even a postmark on the stamp, just a piece of heavy paper slightly worse for the wear with this message from July Beth to December Beth:
If you know me, you won't be surprised to learn that I hugged that postcard. Thank you to the postal services, boats, planes and fickle political dynamics that allowed this to come find me again.
We all needed to mentally transition out of the hospital experience into the much-anticipated grip-and-grin opportunities that would fill the rest of our day, so we squezed in a quick trip for a cup of coffee and a conversation about Cuban cigars at the amazing store/coffee shop in the mall downstairs from our hotel. It was then that I learned a very valuable lesson from Laura: even small acts of generosity help you feel less overwhelmed by the gross injustices of the world. (Thanks for the tea, Laura!)
Coffees in hand, we waited for our van driver Ulf. Another lesson learned that afternoon: in Namibia, there's "now" and "now NOW." Once we called Ulf to tell him that "now" had quickly become "now NOW" (our next meeting was in 10 minutes), he quickly reappeared and we headed toward the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Ministry has the status, if not the history, of the U.S.'s Department of State, and we were privileged to meet with the Deputy Minister for the Americas. Niklaas Kandji was charming and eloquent, and became even more interesting when I learned he had just returned from serving as Namibia's ambassador to Cuba for three years. Our meeting wasn't long enough but he walked us out to the van so I got to get his thoughts on Cuba's economic reforms. He is more optimistic about the pace of change than I am, but still, it was amazing to find a kindred spirit in a foreign land. (Not that this was unusual. I saw more than one Cuba t-shirt on Namibians - evidence of the nations' shared history, and of their ability to travel to Cuba without government permission.)
Another van ride and whirlwind trip around Windhoek and we arrived at one of the loveliest restaurants I've ever seen...fittingly named "Nice." Namibia's numerous minority political parties were happy to meet with listening ears, especially since we offered to buy them lunch. I'll admit that I went into the meeting with a little skepticism about the diversity in political parties, and I felt even more that way afterwards. The parties are based on personalities and the complicated, competitive nature of politics. South Africa had clear policy differences between the ANC and the DA - differences that could be defined and marketed - but Namibia's parties are seemingly based on disappointments and relationships. Parties were too often formed by leaders who did not achieve the high leadership positions they thought they deserved in SWAPO, so they were based on a history rather than a policy. No one could ever articulate a real policy difference between their party and SWAPO...though to be fair, we didn't have much time to discuss it with them, and they really were nice people. I was especially impressed with Libolly Haufiku, a former leader of the Rally for Democratic Progress Party and even more formerly a leader in SWAPO when Namibia was establishing its independence. He has traveled and lived all over the world (including Cuba!), and is the kind of person who could provide interesting commentary for days.
You know those pictures people take at lunch meetings, where everyone is in various stages of akwardly eating or talking? I got too many of those at lunch, so I'll share this one instead:
The restaurant was full of these uniqe scenes, the result of a photo shoot in the Namibian desert with the chefs. It was the most joyful, creative way I'd ever seen of portraying both national beauty and a restaurant's impressive combination of culinary skills. I loved every one of them.
We moved from politics to scholastics after lunch with a visit to the Polytechnic of Namibia, a respected institution that focuses on the use of technology to manage knowledge and globalization. It was a beautiful campus, with that optimistic vibe that always makes me want to get a new notebook and dream up big ideas or cram for a big test. This trip did not provide the burden/opportunity of playing unnoticed student, however - we were whisked across campus and into the private office of the university's rector, Professor Tjama Tjivikua. The room was one of my favorite spaces I've ever seen, with the sloped ceilings that come with upper-story rooms tucked into corners. Maybe I just like them because tall people have to bend over to walk near the walls - it's like short people's revenge for all the times we got stuck in the back of photo opps (see above) or have to stand on chairs to get things from shelves.
Professor Tjivikua made me feel like a celebrity when he walked in and immediately asked which of us was from Arizona. He lived and worked in my home state for several years, in addition to time at many of America's prominent universities. And no, I didn't tell him I went to ASU...especially after I saw this on his shelf of the most notable gifts he'd received in his career. Among them was a vase from Rwanda and a small photo of the U of A...that's a pretty impressively well-rounded collection.
The university's newspaper put an article about our visit on their front page - to read it, and other interesting Namibian news, check it out here.
The thrill of meeting with a prominent Namibian intellectual was balanced out when we got stood up by Namibia's ruling political party. Though I'd been looking forward to meeting members of SWAPO's Youth League and was saddened that our friends from the Embassy were disappointed by the cancellation, everyone in our group was somewhat grateful for the unexpected break. I got a much-needed rare treat - a quick nap - and we got a moment to visit the street vendors across from our hotel before our evening event. I couldn't work up the courage/rudeness to ask for a photograph of the traditionally-dressed woman I'd seen in the mall the day before, so I took this one from across the street. I'm sure these striking women are used to photographs but after dodging their surprisingly pushy sales tactics and buying only one beaded bracelet, I was ready to quickly head across the street anyway. The bracelet, which they eagerly tied onto my wrist without permission, left my arm covered in the red paint. The red tone made their skin appear smooth and ageless but it was undeniably garish on my own. I wiped it off before we headed back into the van.
I could relax during the night's event since Laura and Michael were our designated speakers on grassroots mobilization in American politics, so I designated myself as our photographer. I began by admiring the photography of others - these black and white photographs captured beautiful moments in an average Namibian day. Laundry, walks, hard work...and each was taken by one of Esme's girls in the King's Daughters program. A volunteer who was in Namibia on either a Fulbright or with the Peace Corps, I can't remember, was a trained photographer and she gave the women disposable cameras and photography lessons then arranged for the display in the American Corner at the Institute's library.
You know those moments before a work event in America, when you've moved past small talk and still have some time until you need to focus? We always, always turn to something of perceived importance on our phones. Turns out, the same thing happens in Namibia!
Imagine that you were giving a presentation at work and the President of Harvard and high-level State Department official just popped in to hear it. That's basically what this was...these amazing men not only took time out of their day, but showed up to spend a Friday evening with us as well.
I was so proud to be included in the scheduled presentation, though I didn't expect many people to show up. The last thing most college students in America would do is listen to people talk about politics for an hour on a Friday night, but in Windhoek that's exactly what they did. They kept coming in until it was standing room only and the security guards were adding more chairs to the back rows. They asked questions, some sincere and some critical but all legitimate. None of us ever did find a way to answer one question we always got: "how can America spend so much on elections when the money could help fix real problems?" It seems our democracy still has some things to learn too, Namibian friends.
The presentations were followed by a reception in the library. I formed new friendships but mostly just wandered through the room to catch others' conversations. I'd made it through a long, eventful day as Group Leader without any major missteps, but my brain was exhausted and my stomach was reminding me that crackers and cheese do not a dinner make. As the students, professors and dignitaries who had joined us wandered off to start our weekend, my travel pals Niya and Laura joined me in a quest for another great Namibian meal. We found the perfect place with a tree-covered patio to enjoy the perfect evening, but were met at the door by a frowning waiter who informed us they were closing. Since the sign stated they were open for another three hours we thought we'd encountered our first anti-foreigner sentiment from Namibia's capital city. We'll never be sure why they decided not to welcome us but since the men in our group got the same treatment half an hour later at least we could rule out sheer male chauvinism - something that we dealt with every day in countless ways on the trip through Africa.
We found an even better haven in Gathemann, a quiet and dignified restaurant that was hidden upstairs at the end of a rather narrow and hidden stairway. The lamp-lit walls and dainty decor made it feel as if we were eating in someone's grandmother's formal dining room - it was a welcome change of pace and we ate like queens for a sum so low I almost felt guilty. This was one of the few times in my life that I have been too tired to even consider ice cream, but with an ostrich steak for dinner there was no need for another course before my overworked brain got a good night of rest in my temporary Windhoek home.
There's another update on my Africa trip coming this weekend, but first I wanted to tell you about an amazing opportunity to win great prizes and change the lives of people in Haiti. Passports with Purpose works with travel bloggers around the world each year to raise money for charity. It's not one of those "donate to help everyone" things - though those programs do wonderful work, I like Passports with Purpose's choice to focus on a specific thing we can all feel good about when it's accomplished. This year, they're raising $100,000 so Water.org can build two much-needed wells in Haiti.
We talk about water shortages in Arizona but the fact is we have no idea what true shortages are. It's mind-boggling to consider the lengths many people in the world go to in order to have just enough to drink, much less for showers and lawns.
The goal is noble and the process is fun: you get to enter to win from a huge list of prizes, and each entry means a donation of $10 to the program. Click here for the rather jaw-dropping list of prizes (a week in Provence, anyone?).
There's an awesome globe photo on the left side of the blog that will take you to Passports with Purpose at any time. I'd also urge you to "like" their Facebook page, and check back to watch this fundraising number grow as you join me in helping made a difference for Haitians.
I'm sorry to have disappeared in the middle of my Namibian adventure tales! There are lots of small excuses - a house to clean, a job to do, a trip to California to enjoy (photos to come!). But I'm hoping you'll continue with me as I finish my memories of the journey.
It was the dawn of what felt like the longest day of our trip. The U.S. Embassy in Windhoek had packed our time there full of wonderful opportunities, but on this day I felt more pressure than enjoyment because I had somehow picked this action-packed day to be Group Leader. The leader of the day was tasked with collecting appropriate gifts for each meeting we had (everyone in my group came with gifts that symbolized and shared their home state - an eclectic, amazing collection!), introducing our group and the purpose of ACYPL to each person we met and working with the Embassy staff to be sure things stayed on schedule. When the alarm went off at 5 a.m. I was kicking myself for selecting this long day to volunteer for the increased level of responsibility, but there was a reason I'd picked it: I couldn't wait to meet Esme Kisting.
Esme joined my list of Most Amazing Women Ever as soon as I started reading about her work. She runs King's Daughters, a non-profit in Windhoek that helps prostitutes find other ways to make a living. That's a noble thing to do no matter what the circumstance, but in Namibia prostitution is a plague. It's an all-too-easy career choice that is often passed down through generations (tired mothers send their teenage girls out in their place when they're "old enough"), promoted through tourism (it breaks my heart that there are still people on earth who would consider that an appreciation of Namibia's culture), and connected to the HIV/AIDS problem that is still an overwhelming problem in the country.
Esme, like a modern-day angel, accidentally found her calling after her young husband died. She went to work for the Council of Churches, a Christian organization in Namibia. She enjoyed the work but said her interaction with the women who came for help stirred the desire to do more. "These people needed more than 'hallelujah' and 'amen,'" Esme says. So she got support to slowly build King's Daughters into what it is now: an active support system for women who are trying to change their lives and give their daughters a new path.
I think Esme deserved a palace for her organization but instead we met in the bicycle shop, a metal-walled enclosure in the middle of a dusty lot near her offices. The shop provides an income-generating arm of King's Daughters, and I'm proud to say U.S. funding helped Esme get part of the materials needed for her to hire transforming prostitutes and local men to fix up old bicycles and resell them. When our funding ran out, Esme talked a company into donating another metal trailer for the organization to use. I can't even say I was surprised, since as soon as I met her I knew it would be hard for anyone to tell this beautiful, kind and enthusiastic woman "no" regardless of what she asked.
I'll admit that I cried through most of our meeting. I cried because of the heartbreaking tales, like the woman whose determination to get help had inspired the creation of King's Daughters, and who continued to help with the organization even after her baby died of AIDS. I cried because of success stories, like the women who had successfully found full-time employment off the streets and Esme's award from the State Department for her work to end human trafficking. And I cried out of admiration for someone who has clearly found what she is supposed to be in life, and who is willing to dedicate every moment to become that sign of hope for others who truly need it.
The only thing that could have made me willingly leave our conversation with Esme a few minutes early was the chance to see more of the Katutura Township. As you can tell if you've seen the many pictures I took every time we drove by a township located near a highway, I really wanted to learn more about how people lived in the "second economy" of these African nations we were visiting.
"Katutura" means "the place where we do not want to live" in Otjiherero, the Herero language. The township has a history similar to others like it - it became the living place of Windhoek's black population in 1965, when those Namibian residents were forced out of their homes under apartheid. Their former homes were demolished so whites could build fancier ones in their place, and though the world has altered - apartheid is ended and Namibia is now an independent nation - the displaced Namibian families continue to live here.
The fact that this abuse of humanity could happen at all is horrific; that they continue to have to live in this area without basic necessities is hard to comprehend. And yet we saw many of the urban scenes you'd see on streets in any other part of the world...kids walking to and from school, women gossiping in the streets or carrying children and packages, teenagers flirting in the shade of buildings. This was a hub of entrepreneurship and the signs of a willingness to work were everywhere, in a rather confusing way. I lost count of how many car washes we saw - there was a car wash at about every third house. Confusing, since Katutura is a place with lots of dirt, little water and absolutely no disposable income, but most of them were busy.
Check out this interview with the owner of one of the carwashes we saw- it's impressive and informative! Keep in mind that one U.S. dollar equals about eight Namibian dollars - so when he says they charge $30-40 for a car wash, it's in Namibian cash.
Each metal shack held a variety of businesses...a small variety. They fell into the categories of salon, car wash, convenience store, and bar. Lots and lots of bars in metal shacks, referred to as "shabeens."
I suspected that any time spent in the townships would change my perspective on things, but I wasn't prepared for how much the next stop would change me. We left the shabeen-filled streets to enter the grounds of the Katatura State Hospital.
This hospital and the people who work in it should make every American stand a little taller and prouder. To say that this facility is vital to Namibia is putting it mildly - U.S. foreign aid dollars literally mean life for someone who would otherwise have a death sentence from HIV. They mean a mother can celebrate the birth of her newborn with a better chance of seeing that infant live. They give parents more time to provide for their families and ensure that at least in some cases, generations of families can stay together longer.
The U.S. Embassy and USAID staff who set up our tour were kind to our overpampered American sensitivities: we toured the hospital on a Friday, when the hospital only accepts new patients. I suspect that a normal day would have been overwhelming due to the number of treatments on an average day. There are currently 13,000 patients at this hospital, 9,000 of whom are active. ("Active" in this context doesn't mean they send Christmas cards to their doctors - it means they are on a continuous cycle of ARVs, HIV management through antiretroviral drugs.) We started in the paperwork-heavy administrative wing of the hospital, where we got to see first-hand the U.S.-donated computer systems that help doctors treat HIV patients efficiently and consistently. Namibian health care isn't just fighting the HIV virus, it's also fighting the social stigmas and misunderstandings that lead people to deny they have AIDS or fail to use medication appropriately. The computer systems help them reach out to patients to provide the support and reminders they need in order to make the treatments effective and prolong their life.
Even the paperwork provided a somber reminder of the heavy load these doctors are carrying - the "archive" room held too many lives cut short.
The hallways of the hospital were decorated with art that reflected real Africans, not the touristy version in paintings at the markets we visited. These photographs captured the small joys of daily life in a harsh environment - children jumping on a bed, families sitting together and old people eating simple bowls of food.
The next stop was the pharmacy, where the continuous, rhythmic sound of pills being counted into jars reverberated like a death song throughout the large space. Patients sat against the wall of the waiting room, blank faces gazing with no curiosity as we walked through, and who can blame them? We were in business suits carrying cameras, while they're waiting for yet another dose of pills that are their only hope against a disease they did nothing to deserve. The pharmacy serves 250-300 of these patients every single day.
I’d maintained composure up to this point by focusing on the facts and figures of the information we were hearing: the number of patients rather than the lives behind those numbers, the fiscal details rather than the understanding of how many lives could be saved with an average American’s weekly food budget. But the information got harder to process in the next section of the hospital, where we met with pediatricians who are responsible for treating children. They're proud of the fact that anti-HIV efforts have dropped the percentage of pregnant women with the virus: one in five Namibian mothers suffer from HIV.
Pediatricians in Namibia were faced with the problem of explaining the need to take the rigorous anti-HIV pills on a regular basis to children who did not yet know what AIDS is. So they developed a curriculum to train young children: "Why I Take My Medicine." The comic-style book tells an exciting tale of the good "body soldiers" and the bad guy...the bad guy stays sleeping if children take their medicine, but if they stop swallowing the pills the bad guy starts to wake up and the good soldiers are in danger. This heartbreaking story works until the children are six, when they're told about AIDS. It's not until they're 10 that they reach "full disclosure," and must begin to deal with the fact that they were born with HIV and must deal with the medications and possible death for the rest of their lives.
These pediatricians have formed a bond with their patients over the years, since the treatment keeps the children closely connected to the hospital staff. The oldest patient in the pediatric wing is 21. He should be transferred to an adult program now, but they haven’t quite figured out how to ensure the transition occurs. The pediatricians have been the guy’s therapists, counselors and guides for his entire life; they worry that if they ask him to trust the less personal nature of the adult hospital treatment, he’ll stop taking his medications.
There was no stopping the tears by now – there’s no stopping them every time I relive this experience. I gave up on taking pictures because I desperately wanted to communicate compassion and admiration for the patients we encountered as we walked through the white hallways, rather than doing anything to separate myself from them any more than usual. No photographs captured the essence of this place, anyway – a combination of hope and despair, disgust and resignation.
The final stop on our tour will haunt me until I die. We walked across the hospital emergency entrance in the cool Namibian spring air to reach another wing, with a simple sign above the door announcing “Maternity Ward.” As my eyes quickly adjusted to the inside lighting I saw that I was surrounded by a large room filled with rough benches, slabs of wood with no backs or armrests. And the benches were filled with women, mostly young but not all, each holding a baby or a toddler awaiting their anti-HIV treatment. To say that the moment put things in perspective is an understatement – it undermined every worry, frustration or irritation I have experienced, and scrambled my priorities in a split second. Tears streamed down my face as I edged my way past the women to the administrative offices in the back where we continued our briefing with a doctor proud of the progress they’d made in reaching pregnant women with prenatal care and education. I struggled to contain my emotions because I so wanted to encourage his enthusiasm for the accomplishments they’d obtained, but I’ll admit there was no way to do so completely. My fellow travelers subtly passed Kleenex to each other without making eye contact, because any communication about this experience - even non-verbal - would demolish our attempt to focus enough to process the sensory overload when we were back in our van.
I couldn’t wait to escape and yet I never wanted to leave. No documentary or fact sheet or photograph could have prepared me for such close contact with the kind of sadness I saw in those womens’ eyes. No percentages or statistics capture the sheer number of children born with little hope. When we gathered outside again, the amazing doctor who had led our tour asked if I had the flu – we’d just left a room of dying babies and this wonderful woman, who couldn’t have been much older than me – was concerned for my well-being. I tried to explain my emotions without ignoring the progress that this woman and many like her had achieved, but thankfully she understood. This job was new to her, she explained – until recently, she worked in the rural areas of Namibia where there were no fancy state hospitals or computers that ensured doctors knew who needed another round of pills. When she walked into the maternity ward she saw not a scene of hopelessnes or injustice, but an organized system of life-bringing medicines that could keep babies alive and education that could keep women from passing HIV to their newborns. I’m so grateful that I had the chance to get her perspective on it, but still am haunted by the facts and images behind the reality of the people’s harsh existence.
When I visit Namibia again I will spend much more time in Katutura and other townships. I want to understand their reality, their limitations and the victories that each day brings over starvation and illness. Until then, I will share my pride in America’s foreign aid funding to anyone who will listen, and will fight like crazy to ensure that we continue to reach out a helping hand to those who need it most. I can make economic arguments about the global market and Namibian exports of beef (coming soon to a grocery store near you!) but it really comes down to that moment when I realized that I never understood the level of despair humanity can endure, and I want to live in a country that does anything it can to help make it better.
It's election day in Cuba. Many will argue about what that means and the extent to which it changes even the slightest detail of Cuban life, but I will spend the day thinking about the beautiful people on an island I love: the social gatherings at local polling places, the quiet debates between friends, and the hope that someday Cuba's elections really will give the nation's citizens a say in the direction of their country.
(Much more detail to come when I get time to complete my research project on Cuba's election process.)
We squeezed in one more meeting on our way out of South Africa, and it was an impressive one: we met with a roomful of union representatives at the Congress of South African Trade Unions. As far as powerful lobbying groups go, this one sets an alarmingly high bar. COSATU is directly and irreversibly connected with the ruling political party and with many South Africans' daily lives. The fact that many employers are directly connected to the ANC only increased my admiration for the young people we'd met who worked with and for the opposition parties - it can't make them popular in many work and social environments!
Freezing outside COSATU House - those stereotypes about all of Africa being a hot desert? Totally untrue.
The meeting with union representatives was cut far too short - especially because I really wanted to spend the day hearing a conversation between the Republican elected officials with whom I was traveling and the union activists - but we did manage to make a few quick friendships before we were herded out the door.
On our way to the airport we speed-walked through a local craft market. It was very similar to the experience I had at the market in Havana: amazing products, pushy salespeople and an environment of negotiations that makes me very uncomfortable. I don't want to fight about money with anyone - just tell me what you want and I'll decide if I want to pay it. (Side note: I loved my Saturn car-buying experience because they agreed with my policy on haggling...I dread the next car purchase without that as an option!) I made it through the market without spending too much money and then took time to befriend these wonderful men who were doing woodwork under a sign that read "Crafters at Work."
More lines, more coveted stamps in my passport and a two-hour flight later, we left South Africa behind us to add Namibia to the "been there done that" list of accomplishments.
I didn't doubt Freddie (our friend at the Namibian embassy in D.C.) when he said Namibia looked like Arizona but I guess I did secretly think the perspective would be different for a first-time visitor. I was wrong. When the plane's wheels touched down at the Windhoek airport I was convinced we'd hit a time warp and they'd brought me back to Phoenix...a less inhabited, less polluted Phoenix.
And yes, in case you're wondering...I did in fact hum Hakuna Matata every single time I saw one of those signs.
Windhoek looks like another European capital city, with orderly traffic signs and blooming flowers planted on corners and in front of houses. Tribal cultures are still tantalizingly close to the city here, however, and traces of them crept even into the downtown area where we stayed. I enjoyed a few delightful free moments with two members of my group, and while enjoying sky-high cappuchino foam (seriously, these baristas are impressive) in the middle of a mall we glanced up to see a stunning African woman with no shirt, tribal jewelry...and an iPod.
I didn't work up the courage to talk to that woman in the mall (who was apparently just taking a bathroom break from the area where women from her community sell their jewelry and trinkets at an open-air market across the street from our hotel) but we did meet amazing women at our reception that evening. The U.S. embassy hosted the event and invited a wonderful collection of young Namibian professionals who had traveled, or were going to travel, to the U.S. There were very nice men there but it was my conversations with the women that I'll never forget. Regina became a stay-at-home mother right after she finished college, but then started her own highly successful IT company when her child was older. Mind you, she did this while fighting for financing in a country where the average citizen makes US$7,500 a year and in a society so paternalistic that men sometimes push women out of the way to get through doors first. Other women worked for non-profits or entities working to get young people politically engaged...all of them were beautiful and so impressive that I could have heard them talk for days.
This was another rooftop reception, which provided the perfect opportunity to appreciate another Arizona-like quality about Namibia: the sunsets. People talked and laughed, glasses clinked and silverware tinged against plates as the food was served but it all blended into background noise as another busy day came to a glorious, rose-hued close against the skyscape of Windhoek.
It started with an escape to Italy in 2010, but now this blog has become my travel companion for adventures large and small. Welcome to my journey!
Here are seven reasons why Deval Patrick should be first Democratic governor in Massachusetts since Michael Dukakis.
Award-winning news and arts coverage, and a 31-year commitment to telling the truth and telling it well, have distinguished the Valley Advocate among western Massachusetts media. With a market that extends from Springfield to Northampton and Amherst up the Connecticut...
In the 50 years since his first book was published, John Ashbery has led the avant garde's poetry coup d'etat.
Rep. Frank, known for his steadfast support of gun control among other forms of government regulation, argues that casinos are -- get this -- a civil rights issue.
Bush's commutation of "Scooter" is one of many procedural excesses that harm the very reach of executive power he seeks relentlessly to extend.
For February 12th, we will be sampling gluten-free potstickers from Feel Good Foods and doing a free raffle for gluten-free books and magazines donated by generous publishers. RSVP requested for this meeting for planning purposes: info@northbayceliacs.org
Special thanks to Jennifer Torrey (member and local cooking and baking instructor - see her classes on our Bulletin Board) for referring the Press Democrat to North Bay Celiacs for the article "Gluten Sensitivity Claims on Rise," and to all the local businesses that serve our gluten-free community. Read the article.
There’s nothing like a World Cup qualifier between Japan and North Korea to bring out the magnanimous side of the two soccer-loving Asian neighbors.
Soon after Japan was drawn to play the reclusive communist nation in home and away matches—the first of which is February 9 at Saitama Stadium—the love started flowing like warm sake on a cold night in Niigata.
Still smarting from an unpleasant experience in China last July, when Japan’s fans were unceremoniously pelted with debris during the Asian Cup, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said he was looking forward to the matches and called for kind words from both sides leading up to the games.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, wearing his best brown jumpsuit, vowed to watch the games from his palatial residence while munching on an assortment of international delicacies, washed down with the bubbly lashings of Dom Perignon.
After the draw, the North Koreans started the ball rolling by kindly asking that national anthems not be played before the matches. Japan, citing FIFA rules, politely turned down the request, instead offering to have Chuck Jenkins sing Kimigayo.
Next, the North Koreans pleasantly tried to bar Japanese journalists from their practice sessions in China. While the Japanese media covering the national team do seem to require ten journalists to do the work of one, the North was a bit unreasonable on this one. Guess there aren’t too many papers over there.
Who knows what lavish treatment is in store when Japan travels to North Korea for the away leg? Something tells me the Pyongyang Hilton will be fully booked.
But hey, there’s a lot on the line here! This is serious stuff—nothing less than the opportunity to go to Germany in 2006 and get sent home after the first round.
Meanwhile in Japan, we are inundated with daily reports on the Japanese squad as they prepare for the all-important match. Every night a different player is trotted out before the TV cameras and dutifully says “I will do my best; this is a very important game for us.” If only somebody would say, “I hate those commie so-and-sos—we’re going to blow them away like lint!”
Two North Korean players, Ri Han Jae and An Yong Hak, play in the J. League and will no doubt fill their teammates in on Japan’s strengths and weaknesses. Japan coach Zico will ask Jenkins what he knows of the North Koreans. “Chuck, is it a 4-2-4 system or a flat three?”
Without question, the North Koreans will be tough as nails. Years spent toiling under the watchful eye of Big Brother in a reclusive communist nation tends to toughen one up. Unfortunately, most of the players on Zico’s squad look like they just walked off the set of a SMAP TV special. Let’s face it, Tsuneyuki “How does my hair look?” Miyamoto hardly strikes fear in the eyes of your average comrade.
If you look at the scientifically calculated FIFA rankings it should be a walkover. Japan is 19th while North Korea is a distant 97th. One thing for sure is that 70,000 Japanese fans will cram into Saitama Stadium on the night of February 9, jump up and down in unison, and serenade their side with the theme songs from The Sting and The Great Escape. What’s Paul Newman got to do with it?
As for a prediction, Japan will characteristically score an incredibly lucky goal in the waning minutes of injury time to win 1-0. Japan’s Alessandro Santos (who doesn’t look very Japanese to me) is the hero when his corner bounces off the head of a North Korean defender and into the net as the goalkeeper slips on a suspiciously slick patch of grass. After the match, Japan coach Zico will say his team played well but will have to play better in Pyongyang. The North Korean coach will say the fix was in and will promise revenge back home.
This is an archived article that was published on sltrib.com in 2012, and information in the article may be outdated. It is provided only for personal research purposes and may not be reprinted.
Just as many hoped, one Utah quarterback ripped it up in Tuesday's scrimmage, separating himself from the others by completing all but one pass, throwing for more than 100 yards and three touchdowns.
Yep, Adam Schulz, a freshman from Muskego, Wis., had a great day in the session held at Rice-Eccles Stadium.
As for the quarterbacks everyone else is wondering about, veteran Jordan Wynn, Jon Hays and freshman Travis Wilson all had their moments too, just not enough to prompt coach Kyle Whittingham to proclaim he has a starting quarterback.
With two weeks remaining before the Utes open the season against Northern Colorado, Whittingham insists the quarterback position is open, despite the presence of Wynn, who has recovered from shoulder surgery well and enters his fourth year with the program.
It is assumed Wynn will be the starter when the dust settles, but the Utes also like how Wilson, an agile, 6-foot-6 freshman, is developing.
"We have to watch the tape," Whittingham said. "Jordan did throw the ball well and did take a sack in the two-minute drill, but we'll have a final analysis when we look at the tape."
Wynn was 6 for 9 for 85 yards, Wilson completed 4 of 9 passes for 30 yards and a touchdown, and Hays was 3 for 6 for 37 yards and a touchdown. And Schulz, a freshman who has made the most progress in the last year according to Whittingham, was 8 for 9 for 153 yards and three touchdowns.
While some might view talk of a possible quarterback battle between Wynn and Wilson as a distraction, Whittingham said he wasn't worried.
"The more depth you build the more competition is going on," he said. "I don't think it's healthy to have a guy at No. 1 when there is no way he can lose his job. That is a recipe for complacency. What we have done the last four years is start to fill in the depth at all positions, not at all of them, but we are further along than we have ever been."
While Whittingham's reluctance to commit to Wynn as a starter might be seen as just coach-speak to keep the veteran focused, Wilson at least believes he has a chance to oust Wynn.
"I'm definitely pushing for it now," he said. "I want to grind it out until they make a decision and be happy to come out and compete every day."
"If they came out and said Travis and Jon have no chance or if they said Travis and Jon are the starters, I'd come out the same way and bust my butt and go as hard as I can," he said.
As for the rest of the undecided positions, including offensive tackle and the linebackers, Whittingham said progress was made.
"The offensive tackles are starting to play somewhat close where they need to be," he said. "When we first started, it was way off base and they've made progress, but we still need every bit of the next two weeks."
The Pac-12 Networks launch Wednesday and Comcast customers with Digital Starter Service who live in Utah will be able to watch Pac-12 games and other Pac-12 programming in standard definition on channel 37 (53 in the Heber area) and high definition on channel 757. The Pac-12 Networks will go live by the end of the day on Wednesday according to Comcast.
Utah fans living out of state or who do not subscribe to Comcast should visit the Channel Finder at http://bit.ly/LKUZ97 to learn how to get the Pac-12 Networks in their area.
Copyright 2018 Baseball Alley Designs. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap | | Powered by: Big Commerce : Development by 2 Friends Advanced Designs
ORGANIZATION: Philadelphia Phillies JOB TITLE: Minor League Strength and Conditioning Coach SUPERVISOR: Furey Leva, RSCC, CSCS JOB DESCRIPTION The Philadelphia Phillies are seeking a full-time strength coach to oversee all aspects of strength, nutrition, mobility, speed, agility, flexibility, conditioning and recovery...
Every year as the season subsides coaches start to ask “what could we have done better or different.”. This helps us prepare for the additional things or changes that need to occur in the following year. Three things that are consistently evolving in our industry are testing, programming and data analysis. While...
"You are an average of the five people you spend the most time with." Who's in your crew! http://bit.ly/2JuN69s��� twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
The PBSCCS is the leading authority on information for players, parents, and coaches. We focus on long term athletic development, durability, and individual physical improvement. The Society's membership includes strength coaches from all organizations of Major League Baseball.
acceleration advice all star game article Baseball career Coach coaches Coach of the Month COM community conditioning core COTM COTY Featured Coach food fuel History job KB Kettlebell MiLB nutrition off season performance Performance Conditioning Posting prevention Progression Psychology recovery shoulder sleep Softball speed strength Strength and Conditioning Strength and Conditioning Coach strength coach Swing training Yankees yoga youth
After surgery, the clinic staff will monitor the pet until it is fully awake. After the pet is conscious and has been examined, the veterinarian or a technician will call to let the owner know the patient is ready to be discharged and go home. In most cases a pet will be discharged on the same day after the surgery, but in some cases the veterinarian will recommend that the pet be hospitalized for a period of time.
The costs associated with surgery vary widely depending on the type of procedure and the pet’s age, size, and general health. KVS can provide a written estimate of costs before any procedure.
Help Save Pets was originally founded as the Humane Society of Plainfield in 2000. Since then, we have placed over 15,000 animals into loving homes. Each one of these animals was given shelter, food, medical aid and vaccinations, and time to find the right home. Our doctors care for the medical and surgical needs of our homeless pets, and our Kremer Veterinary Services hospitals donate cage space, to give these precious pets a second chance at a fur-ever home. Help Save Pets is a registered as a 501c non-for profit. Please consider clicking here to make a tax deductible donation.
Dr. Tony Kremer and his partners own 9 veterinary hospitals in the Chicagoland area and 3 in Ohio. He is the founder of Help Save Pets, an animal shelter which has saved more than 15,000 pets since 2000. Dr. Tony’s knowledge, insight, and advice are shared regularly with major media outlets across the nation and in the third largest market.
Buy 1 FREE 1 Below RM10 RM10-25 Luxury Sale Beauty Sale Health Sale Electronics Sale Food Sale Mom & BB Sale
Step 5:- (without HongBao$) You can choose the payment method as below to proceed your payment. 1) Pay via credit card or Paypal. 2) Malaysia Credit Card and Online Banking. 3) Bank Transfer / Bank in to local bank account. 4) Pay Cash @ 7 Eleven.
2motelsrates.com is a great place to find hotels in Tupelo, MS! You will be able to find all the information you need while traveling to Tupelo. Below is a list of all the hotels in Tupelo, Mississippi. You will find information on the hotel such as the address, star rating and nightly rates. When you find the hotel you are searching for, simply click to get more information and check rates.
For your comfort and relaxation, we have an indoor heated pool, jacuzzi and sauna. For your business needs, we have wireless Internet in every room, as well as a Business Cen...view more details about Baymont Inn and Suites Tupelo
The Days Inn Tupelo s only 5 minutes away from Barns Crossing Shopping Mall and many other attractions. The Birthplace of the King of Rock-n-Roll, Elvis Presley and Golf are ...view more details about Tupelo-Days Inn
The Super 8 Tupelo is conveniently located off Hwy 78 at exit 81. We are centrally located with easy access to the shopping, business & sports areas with many restaurants...view more details about Super 8 Motel - Tupelo Airport
President's Quality Excellence Award. Convenient Access to Downtown and Easy on / off I - 45. Complimentary Wireless Hi-Speed Internet Access in all rooms. Complimentary Cont...view more details about Howard Johnson Express Inn - Tupelo
Welcome to the Quality Inn in Tupelo, a charming city with a unique mix of business, musuems, historic sites, shopping,and entertainment. Tupelo's claim to fame is being the b...view more details about Quality Inn Tupelo
Welcome to the Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Tupelo! This 100% smoke-free facility is located in the heart of Tupelo's bustling North Gloster area, just minutes from the...view more details about Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Tupelo, Ms
FREE wireless Internet access in all rooms. All rooms have refrigerator, microwave, iron/ironing board and coffee maker. Lobby business center with computer, printer and FREE ...view more details about Comfort Inn Tupelo
93 room limited service hotel offering suites, jacuzzi rooms, king singles and queen bedded doubles. We have a pool, hot tub, exercise room and guest laundry. We offer a full ...view more details about Courtyard By Marriott Tupelo
We are built for business and so much more! Designed in a timeless, attractive, classic, and distinctive prototypical design, featuring interior corridors, premium telecommun...view more details about Wingate by Wyndham Tupelo
Located two miles from furniture markets, medical center, BancorpSouth Arena , Barnes Crossing Mall, five miles to birthplace of Elvis Presley. Walking distance to a number of...view more details about Sleep Inn , Inn & Suites
Country Hearth Inn and Suite is a 3 story building indoor corridor located in Tupelo Mississippi. It is near Tupelo Airport, Park and Natchez parkway. We have free continent...view more details about Country Hearth Inn Tupelo
Minutes from Elvis Presley birthplace, N.E. Miss. Medical Center and shopping mall. Tombigbee State Park and airport close by. Inn offers dataport telephones, cable TV with pr...view more details about Scottish Inns Tupelo
Americas Best Inns Tupelo was built in 1995, is a two story structure and currently has no elevator. The are 51 rooms, included in that are 3 handicap rooms. Available on prop...view more details about Americas Best Inns Tupelo
Featuring an Olympic-size outdoor swimming pool and a large conference room, the Tupelo Red Roof Inn is just a short drive from several restaurants and plenty of shopping. Th...view more details about Red Roof Inn Tupelo
The Ramada Tupelo, Mississippi is Conveniently Located on North Gloster Street in Tupelo just off the Natchez Trace Parkway. The Ramada Tupelo is Located in Northeastern Missi...view more details about Ramada Inn
horse coloring pages to print for free awesome horse coloring pages to print and horse coloring book also of awesome horse coloring pages free realistic horse coloring pages to print.
Workplace Distractions: Here's Why You Won't Finish This ArticleWall Street Journal"It is an epidemic," says Lacy Roberson, a director of learning and organizational development at eBay Inc.
What will get in the way of your alignment initiative? The same thing that gets in the way of work...the inability of today's worker to focus.
There are the social media, email, and other electronic distractions however, this article highlights something we've seen reach dangerous levels: overloading of complex projects onto too few people.
For 2013, make one of your resolutions to simplify and balance work from one end of your organization to the other.
How do you know when you have a problem? If people talk as if the measure of success is how many projects you have in house at any given time instead of the number of on time deliveries...you could be drowning.
Letting everyone know that success is measured first and always by delivering products and services.
Measure thruput for you main revenue items. How long does it take start to finish? Watch over time. Are you getting better or worse
Make it a point to notice distractions and set about helping others to minimize and remove them from critical work.
Create "Factory Weeks". Concentrated work weeks focused on a single project or necessary accomplishment.
buy affiliate website premade unique adsence websites marketing | buy adsence site premade buy affiliate site marketing
Paid advertising — this method requires an effective combination of ad copy, graphics, and a highly-clickable link.[30] Unlike more traditional affiliate marketing strategies, paid advertising (through pay-per-click ads) earn you money regardless of whether a reader buys the product or not. Services like Google's AdSense make this quick and easy for you, and can even supply you with an advertising code.[31]
A relative newcomer that was only founded in 2014, ConvertKit has taken the world of email marketing by storm. According to the company, they now have nearly 20,000 active customers of their email services. Their affiliate program works by paying existing customers a lifetime 30 percent commission for referrals that subsequently become ConvertKit customers or who sign up for ConvertKit webinars and other digital products.
The keys to earning a decent income from an affiliate website are to reach as many users as possible and build trust with them. If visitors trust you, they’ll be more likely to make purchases from your website. You can compare this to impulse buyers, who might visit your site once or twice, make a purchase based on your recommendations, and then never come back.
Have you read through the Federal Trade Commission’s Endorsement Guidelines? The guidelines are meant to reflect the truth-in-advertising principle that endorsements aren’t misleading. Fortunately, the Endorsement Guide has a section dedicated to affiliate or network marketing. Rae Hoffman has also written a comprehensive exploration into what affiliate marketers need to know in regards to disclosure.
LinkConnector has struggled to stand out from the pack but nonetheless has managed to sign some exclusive deals with big name brands, including Writer’s Digest, the Disney Store, Ironman, Hats.com, and Everly. Their strictly controlled screening process for both merchants/advertisers and affiliates/publishers means that you can always rely on the quality of products on offer.
If you are writing online your posts should be brief, clear, checked for spelling and grammar and consistent. Your blog may not have broad appeal if it has limitations in these, so your EBooks and public posts can benefit from a professional proof-reader, or extra classes in English, whether it is your first language or not. Whether you write a blog, a book or anything else, your only tool to deliver your message is language, and you should gain all the skills you can with it. If you don’t have time for this, use the services of someone with the best language skills you can find.
The product review website model is great since many shoppers use the internet to save time researching their potential purchases. If you choose this website type be prepared to face alot of competition. Since there are so many review sites out there you must find an approach or ‘hook’ that is unique to set your site apart. It’s best to drill down into a small segment of your niche and expand from there instead of casting a large net over an entire market.
Hi Tommy. I vet the programs listed on my site and eliminate the ones that people make complaints about. But its important for you to also use your due diligence when you choose a program. Google the name of the company followed by queries such as “complaints” and “fraud” and “scam” to see if people are making accusations. You can also contact their affiliate manager directly to ask questions. If you can’t locate an affiliate manager that is definitely a red flag. Finally, diversify into a few different companies so you can compare them. Hope this helps. Sincerely – Bill
ClickBank allows you to join for free, and the approval process is virtually automatic, so it’s a great choice for people entering the affiliated game for the first time. ClickBank has a ton of information, including FAQs, walk-throughs, and videos available, so the barrier to entry is quite low. There’s also a (paid) program called ClickBank University with courses and assistance from experienced marketers.
I couldn't agree more on the advice on providing long-form content. In fact, most of modules we created are probably still longer than the ones found on AuthorityHackers, and 8000-words is considered normal. With the difference being that since they are technical in nature, they probably take 1.5 more times to create than a regular post written in English. :)
Thought I’d weigh in on this because I have a private label line on Amazon and use my brand website simply to point back to my Amazon listings and some related products on Amazon that aren’t mine. I don’t generate a lot of sales through that website, but when I do get an order it’s super fun because I get the sale AND the affiliate commission. I, too, checked with Amazon before using this strategy and they were fine with it.
Insurance comparison sites are fulfilling a need. People don’t want to spend hours looking for insurance, and they don’t find it fun. If you’ve ever found anyone who enjoys this kind of activity, they could possibly be a little crazy. Both Compare The Market and Gocompare.com have not only made the tedious process of finding a policy infinitely faster, they’ve also made it fun. (Think of the free meerkats and the Gocompare man you love to hate.)
Thanks for a nice job. I am currently promoting some of the affiliate programs listed here and making a few dollars from them. But I must say that making money from affiliate programs is not rocket science; it requires hard work and perseverance. Affiliate marketing keeps evolving daily and any serious affiliate should be ready to change tactics and invest time and money in order to beat the competition.
Once your platform is live, you need a product to promote. However, you should avoid the temptation to do this early on. Get that emotional investment going before you attempt to do this. If you begin too early, you run the risk of losing a large portion of your audience. Take the time to first create insatiable content and deliver enormous amounts of value before you attempt to sell your audience anything.
As Target is the second-largest general retailer in the United States, their affiliate program is primarily for American bloggers or publishers who can route visitors to relevant products. Overall, the program works much like Amazon’s does in that publishers (bloggers) get a small commission on sales, but Target’s gigantic product base (over one million items) and high brand recognition make their affiliate program a great option for influencers.
While affiliate marketing has been incredible for me, back when I first started in 2009, I had absolutely no idea how to build a website. Even to this day, I am still not the most technically advanced person. That’s why I decided to create this tutorial on how to create your first affiliate marketing website. I feel like if I can just help you to get started, from there, you’ll be off and running. So many people never start just because building a website seems so overwhelming.
Given that I am still in reading and preparation phase, I am mainly interested to overlap my niche with real life interests so I could have motivation to produce content on regular basis. Two that I am highly interested are PC parts and Fitness. I am aware they are too general subjects with lot of sites doing the same, but my idea is to produce constant review on PC parts, Laptops, Mobile devices, Accessories all in different categories, create lists like top5 or 10 under XX budget etc. Similar approach I would use if I I decide to go with Fitness path and divide content training advice, review of fat loss methods, supplementation, nutrition etc. I am aware that this will be a long journey and that it can pass few months before sales start to kick in and that’s the risk I am ready to take. My questions are:
Before I share the strategies that I’ve used to generate over $100,000 in affiliate commissions per month at this point, there are two extremely important rules I use when promoting products that are not my own. You don’t have to use these rules in order to become an affiliate or be successful at it, but it’s what has helped me grow my affiliate income tremendously over the last couple of years:
completely free to start out, and they provide training sections to help you get started, and are the no-nonsense type of business, in that they are up-front and honest with you from the start about how much time and effort you have to put in to make money online. Like WA, again, once you’ve gotten a feel for how the industry works and what working with
Best Forex Partners (BFP) was established in 2011 by a group of international financiers and global online marketing professionals who saw a need to change the nature of affiliate marketing for the better.  In a few short years they combined their over 60 years of combined financial and marketing experience to create a new way to affiliate market and have never looked back!
Its obvious his first language isn’t English but the guy has made an effort to help other people out of his experience. Nunya what you did is bad and you should apologize really. There is power in the words you speak. Putting someone down like that is wrong, like all his effort to put something together was a disaster. I myself found his grammar appropriate and very understandable, I think the person with the problem here isn’t Jafar. Next time if you dont have something better to say, dont comment. If it were to be you in his shoes, am sure you won’t like it either…. Stop the negativity!!
SkimLinks is probably best for bloggers who want to write content around the affiliate link rather than add affiliate links to existing products. SkimLinks offers a lot of tools to compare commission rates and offers in order to customize your content to optimize your income. Once nice aspect of SkimLinks is that it offers lots of products for non-US creators, including popular UK brands like John Lewis and Tesco.
Another amazing affiliate marketing course you may consider is MOBE. Made by Matt Lloyd, he brought his internet business to multi-million dollar. Top affiliates from the MOBE are reported to earn billions of dollars as it is the high-ticket marketing program that you will find on the internet. You will make plenty of dollars from the sale that you bring with the help of MOBE. Lloyd offers various levels of the training programs by MOBE including Gold Masterclass, Silver Masterclass, Platinum Mastermind, Titanium Mastermind, and highest is Diamond Mastermind. John Chow is the top affiliates of MOBE and Tai Lopez is the successful entrepreneur & investor online.
You can make really good commissions from the eBay partner but it depends on the products which you decide to promote. Interestingly the commission levels vary according to where you are in the world not just on the products you decide to promote. One of the great reasons to sign up is that you can earn DOUBLE commissions in your first three months. They offer free to use link generators, ad creatives and widgets for you to promote different eBay items. eBay has over 162 Million active buyers which means there is a great potential to convert your traffic.
My only concern is that the title is somewhat misleading and to some extent demeaning to the treatise. What I believe Geno is trying to convey is to not treat this book as an intellectual exercise, but as a disciplined process guide to initiating an affiliate program. I just think that the "Hour A Day" part could have been improved upon to give a more accurate and enticing impression.
Building trust with your audience is paramount in affiliate marketing, and the quickest way to lose trust is to recommend products either you haven’t used before or that aren’t a good fit for your audience. Also make sure you never tell anyone to directly buy a product, you are simply recommending the product. The more helpful you are and the more you make quality recommendations, the more likely your web visitors will come back for your expertise.
He is straight and she is bi, so if you want some fun and adventure contact us South Perth Area Karawara. We can be flexible for people wanting long term casual employment. We need a Before school Nanny! You will feel very comfortable with us as we are each others best friends. Meet women, men or couples for sex or sexy hookups in the privacy of our sex chat rooms. German Backpacker is looking for a job!!!
Fremantle Octopus produces the best Octopus in the world. Weprocess raw and cooked product for wholesale distribution. We are hoping to target local people wanting to supplement a main income so don't be put off if this isn't something you have done before. We can be flexible for people wanting long term casual employment. Position available for immediate start an. Give back to your community in this rewarding career! RehabilitationSupport Services provides in home assistance to participants who have suffered catastrophic injuries, and are undertaking rehabilitation in their homes and within the wider community.
Asa Rehab Support Worker you will be liaising with a wide range of multidisciplinary health professionals including Physiotherapists, OTs andSpeech Pathologists. Working as part of this tea. Give back to your community in this rewarding career!!! Rehabilitation Support Services provides in home assistance and community access to participants who have suffered catastrophic injuries, and are undertaking rehabilitation and capacity building in their own homes and within the wider community. Psychology graduate, aspiring teacher and loves kids.
MUST meet criteria below. We are a local, family run business which has been growing steadily for the past 15 years. Despite the growth, we haven't turned 'corporate'.
We aren't going to say things like 'rewarding career opportunity', 'revolutionary industry leader' or 'dynamic work environment'. We call a spade a spade. Our work covers a large range of garden styles and tasks, so there is always something new and different to do. One day it will be garden maintenan. Size - 8 US. Can Ship Or Meet Up. Brand New, Never worn.
Black Leather Casual Shoes. Its an impulse buy which regretfully did not want the style anymore. When bought the pair it was the last one and has a slight black mark on the inside left shoe which I tried to hide it with a white mark as shown in photo. But the rest of it is perfect no other marks, very clean since have not worn it. Very comfy to wear as it is pure leather. Includes the box, dust bag for the shoe.
My Gumtree Post an ad. Home 1 - 24 of 59 ads for "casual meet" in Perth Region. Offer Type Offering 54 Wanted 5. Top Ads near you. Perth City Area Perth. Canning Area Canning Vale. Trade Assistant - Brush Hand's Superannuation. Kwinana Area Naval Base. We need a Before school Nanny! Swan Area Middle Swan. Stirling Area Tuart Hill.
German Backpacker is looking for a job!!! Canning Area East Cannington. Become a member of Easy Sex today and you can get local sex in Western Australia. You must be 18 years of age or older to enter.
If you are under 18, or if it is forbidden to view this content in your community, you must leave this site. Our sexy members are waiting for you. I have read and agree to the Terms and Conditions , as well as, the Privacy Policy. I'm reasonably fit and I enjoy guitar and sports..
I'll leave it there as i prefer not to talk about myself alot. I am fit and fairly trim for my age and I love to keep fit.. My main interests apart from sexual activities include Ten Pin Bowling and all forms of Motor sport, as well as fishing and camping and generally enjoying nature. My name is Mario, I'm very easy going person don't like people who fucks around and stuff like that, I choice to keep away from that kind of people.
I work at Fremantle and yeh very much I'm just enjoing my life and I have been happy for a while so I wanna keep it this way. Im climing the walls so i need some one to CUM and save me.
The Griffith Bag Company offers a wide variety of products for a diverse number of uses from agricultural packaging to industrial packaging. Our polypropylene bags, burlap bags, paper bags, sand bags, and cotton bags are available in many sizes to meet your needs.
Other sizes available upon request. Please call or fill out our Contact form to receive more information.
Use the STIHL Training VR2GO app to train new retailers and their employees. Explore the STIHL product range in the virtual sales and training rooms. Deepen your knowledge with videos, section and explosion views of STIHL products. Explore the possibilities of the STIHL Training VR2GO app also in 3D using a cardboard or other VR headsets.
Historical wigs always fascinated me, especially the Baroque era. This is art for art’s sake aesthetics for aesthetics, no practical sense. But they are beautiful. I made a series of wigs. Paper helps to highlight in this case the main form and not be obsessed unnecessary details.
Welcome to an exploration of interspecies communication – a journey of discovering ways to restore a deep relationship with all of life.
Human and animal communication creates a valuable bridge between human and non-human animals. By connecting with our intuition, we can engage in meaningful dialogue and remember how to hear the subtle messages from those whose space we share in our lives and our natural environment. Coming from a place of respect and reverence for all life, we can learn to understand our wilder relatives, honour their truths and live in greater harmony.
Anna’s role is communication, guidance and mentoring. She is based in the Western Cape, South Africa and offers workshops in various locations as well as consulting via phone and email for local and international clients. The goals of any consultations, public talks, animal communication workshops or nature retreats are increased awareness, empathy, compassion and mutual understanding.
Anna is a professional animal communicator who has received advanced training through the Assisi International Animal Institute in California, USA and has been practising for 12 years in South Africa, Europe and the USA with domestic and wild animals. Her conservation experience includes working with cheetahs, lions, wolves, baboons and elephants in educational and rehabilitation programmes. Anna's goal is to raise awareness and advance the relationships among humans and other species, on both the personal and spiritual levels. She’s also the subject of the documentary movie “The Animal Communicator” due for international release in 2013. In her communication and conservation work, Anna lives her personal mission of being a voice for the animals and the wilderness.
Subscribe to our newsletter (for free) to receive occasional emails with information on interesting animal commuication topics. We will never share or sell your information or use your email address for other reasons.
Please note that since the documentary went unexpectedly viral on the internet, tens of thousands of people have joined our mailing list. We cannot reply to the hundreds of emails that flow in every month. Anna away is on sabbatical for the rest of 2018 and not responding to any inquiries, invitations or requests.
Once distance learning materials are developed, details will appear on this website and be sent to all subscribers. Meantime, empower yourself by using the internet to find a professional animal communicator closer to you from whom you can learn, or start with our Resources page HERE
Firstly, many thanks for a truly enjoyable workshop! I went to another international communicator’s workshop earlier this month and I must confess that I found yours to be so much more personal/intimate, friendly, and besides truly informative, to also have a wonderfully warm atmosphere. Thank you for your undying patience in answering all my questions. Thank you for remaining down to earth. Most of all, I thank you for the wonderful work that you do. – Melanie
Animal Wallpapers - 2015 © - Free Animal Wallpapers such as Cat, Dog, Bird, Fish 16:9 1080p for Your Desktop Background! Every wallpaper is copyrighted by its respective owner. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
Animal Wallpapers - © 2015 - Free Animal Wallpapers such as Cat, Dog, Bird, Fish 16:9 1080p for Your Desktop Background! Every wallpaper is copyrighted by its respective owner. Did you find a violation? Don't forget to contact us, we'll remove it as soon as possible.
The Development policies implemented in Congo didn’t improve the infrastructures and services of telecommunication. Nowadays, telecommunications are considered as a very important tool in the economic and social change process, and in this context, Congo tries to restructure its market in order to expand and modernise its networks. But, is it possible to ascertain that this policy will be helpful for the development of telecommunications? Certainly, progresses have been made: deregulation favours the increase in the number of telephone lines and the diversification of services. But access to these services is still reserved to the wealthiest people. This article aims at exploring this issue.
There’s a plenty of WordPress themes out there to pick from, yet most generally do refrain from doing exactly what is required to assist marketers alter sales or boost decide ins. In truth there are a lot more bad themes on the marketplace that hurt a small company than great kinds. This article will offer some understanding why here holds true.
The strategy that giftwraps all this together for you with a ribbon and bow is how you package it. I’m rather simply suggesting you develop a WordPress magazine theme but rather of sellling it, contribute it to the neighborhood and permit it to be downloaded totally free.
Maybe it is just individual, but I find that the ad placement in this theme is among the finest and clever way to get your AdSense or message across your audience.
Many magazine themes just have pages and posts. However they include your header, footer, sidebar and all the other stuff that are just too cluttery looking and sidetracking for a squeeze page. There is a solution!
All of us understand that there are numerous of the magazine themes for WordPress that you can pick, but a few of them are the best. The thesis theme is a best tool that permits you to create your very own blog site easily.
Now all that you have to do is to begin writing posts. A lot of paid posting systems require that your blog site has at least 20 unique posts of 200+ words. This implies that you can not go to short article directory sites, get a set of posts, publish them and have actually finished with it. No, you need to compose the posts yourself and publish them to your blog.
When individuals install it on their blogs, think what site link they are happily showing as they expose which style designer is powering their blog site?
Thanks for the nice comment. These two images are renders using Terragen 2. Renders like this at 1024X1024 take me (on my old 2-core computer) about 2 hours. Converted to jpg for a skybox, they are the same as any jpg image regarding resources I imagine. You will have to ask the mapper experts about this to be sure.
BTW, I sent a full set of renders to JohnnyE this weekend for the skybox. If anyone else wants them, let me have an email and I will send them over.
The announcement regarding UDK4 came at a good time for this map, hoping now to make serengeti the first 3rd party map for urt-hd using the new engine.
Been working quite a lot with udk3 and hope I can import my materials/mesh into the new platform. I'll post a couple of screenshots of the map in UDK3
Model and model material is placeholder only at this stage and I really don't want to give too much away at this early stage but here's the promised screenshot
A blog for land surveyors by land surveyors. Topics include surveying, mapping, cartography, GPS, GNSS and other geospatial technology hot topics
The ninth meeting of the Space-Based Positioning Navigation and Timing advisory board, held in Alexandria VA on November 9, 2011 was widely anticipated as a "showdown" between the anti- and pro-LightSquared forces. While the meeting scored points for both sides, it left unanswered some of the most important issues: the upper spectrum band, and who will pay. Those who are just now ....Read the Article
In 1811, David Thompson, surveyor and fur trader for the North West Company reached the Pacific Ocean, adding the Columbia River as the final leg of the Fur Trade Highway from Hudson's Bay and Montreal to the Pacific Ocean and becoming the first person to survey and map the Columbia River from its source near Invermere, British Columbia to its ....Read the Article
From sometime around 1000 BC through 500 AD, natives piled great quantities of dirt into all shapes and configurations within the valley of the great river. What was the purpose of these mounds of fill shaped over fifteen hundred years in the south-central region of present day Ohio-- Religion? Artistic expression? A means of hunting, securing necessary ....Read the Article
Minnesota's Supreme Court recently struck down earlier decisions favoring a homeowner's complaint against the local city for errors related to the homeowner's shed. While Dr. Rajbir Sarpal and his wife Dr. Carol Sarpal had prevailed in the district and appellate courts, this May 2011 opinion (797 N.W.2d 18) remands the case back to district court, primarily regarding the point of equitable ... Read the Article
My father died in May. He was 52. The loss of someone close to you, especially your father, forces you to examine your life. You ask, "Am I following the moral principles that I was raised with, even when I'm under pressure to compromise?" This loss in my life and three recent situations I observed in my career as a land surveyor have prompted me to write this article. Boundary surveying is a branch of ...
The 51st Meeting of the CGSIC and the ION GNSS 2011 was held September 19-23, 2011 in Portland, Oregon. I can think of no better combination of conferences that serves to illustrate (to paraphrase Aristotle) how the "whole" of GPS/GNSS is certainly "greater than the sum of its parts". These two events are "the" place to interact directly with the constellation operators, policy makers ...Read the Article
Imagine you are charged with this task: Accurately survey the interior of a limestone mine cut into the base of a bluff­a cave with vast expanses, irregular surfaces and no light. Collect data on enough individual points to create a meaningful model of the space so that it can be designed and built for warehousing and storage. The challenge would be ....Read the Article
My apologies to Mark Twain, as in parts of my journey to obtain CFedS Certification I felt like the Connecticut Yankee, in King Arthur's Court, but in reverse. That is, I was the learner and my predecessors were the teachers. Also, my appreciation for American Surveyor Magazine's motto "A Foot in the Past...An Eye to the Future" prompted me to write about the journey that I recently ....Read the Article
The manufacturing area of Topcon's US headquarters in Livermore, California was a veritable beehive of activity during my recent visit. Colin Kavanagh, Senior VP for Operations, called attention to the "lean" manufacturing processes that have "eliminated expenditures for resources for any goal other than the creation of value for the end customer". To achieve this, Topcon cast a critical eye on ....
Over the past few years, I have become convinced that Google Earth represents an extraordinary opportunity to visualize and communicate survey data, though I too was skeptical of its value as a professional land surveying tool in the beginning. At the time, Metzger + Willard, Inc. (MWI) was making AutoCAD base maps with orthophotos in the vicinity of NGS control stations. Our reasoning was that, equipped with ....
What is Hexagon and what is the business of Hexagon? A company that decades ago was "importing tuna fish," according to CEO Ola Rollén, is now a key international player in geospatial products and services, metrology, design and process; this by acquiring and integrating a long list of established companies successful in their own ....
When the Public Works department for Washington state's San Juan County was challenged with identifying and mapping roadside assets in an effort to improve traffic safety, it responded by sending out crews with hand-held GPS units. They quickly realized both the scope such a project entailed and the overall inefficiency of using that technique. Knowing the importance of the effort, however ...
This is the third of three articles discussing the precision obtainable with the Online Positioning User Service (OPUS) offered by NOAA's National Geodetic Survey (NGS). The first two articles appeared in preceding issues of this magazine. OPUS is a Web-based utility available at www.geodesy.noaa.gov/OPUS to which surveyors and others can ...
In a previous article, published online in June 2011, I discussed why the 2009 update to the Manual of Surveying Instructions was needed and how the BLM implemented it. The article is available in the Amerisurv Exclusive Online section of The American Surveyor website at www.amerisurv.com/content/view/8774/. What follows here are highlights of some of those changes in the 2009 edition of ...
Accutherm, Inc. manufactured thermometers containing mercury in Franklinville, New Jersey until 1994. It notified the state's Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) of its ceased operations, NJDEP issued cleanup orders to Accutherm, and when Accutherm didn't comply, the site was referred to the federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for an assessment. The EPA's 1996 report ....
I believe we have all heard stories or had personal experiences of feeling as though someone close that we have lost reached out to touch us in some way. I had just that kind of experience recently. Back in the mid 1960s, my Dad was a deputy in the local sheriff's department. He had that job for several years until he found another one that paid a little better and freed up his weekends. Well, the county ....
A land surveyor shares his eyewitness account of the unexpected quake that struck Christchurch during his visit to New Zealand.
A Louisiana surveyor provides a history of the national organizations and a possible way forward for the future. J. Anthony Cavell, LS, CFedS
New technology that employs GNSS and the capability to “see underground” holds promise for surveying utilities.
FEMA certifications continue to provide work for surveyors. Unfortunately, some fall short of properly completing the paperwork.
GNSS RTK from Altus Positioning Systems helps the Royal Canadian Mounted Police reconstruct collision scenes.
Thousands of surveyors are using OPUS. Do they understand the legal ramifications of the underlying accuracy and precision?
Northeast United (NEU) and BSC Oregon (BSC) are excited to announce a merger of the two organizations to form United PDX Soccer Club. The two clubs have over 30 years of history in the Portland youth soccer scene and will combine to create the largest soccer club in Oregon, serving nearly 2,700 families throughout the Portland metro area.
With the two communities coming together for the development of the youth, United PDX will have the ability to change the course of youth soccer in Oregon.
The mission of United PDX is to provide more opportunities for youth players to learn and love the beautiful game. This starts at a place close to home with various pathways presenting themselves as age and development progress. The United PDX model stays true to the local community-based teams while providing larger community options for players to remain challenged in more competitive environments, yet still feel at home.
BSC Oregon is providing supplemental training for any player who is looking for additional training outside of team training. These sessions are open to any player who is interested in attending, including players outside of BSC Oregon.
The club currently offers a Technical Training Program for players who are looking to get additional touches on the ball.
All supplemental training programs operate on the punch card system. Each card is worth 10 training sessions and the card can be used throughout the year for any supplemental training program that is offered. When your card runs out, all you need to do is order a new one. Please print or use your phone to show your registration confirmation at the field and a BSC Staff coach will give you your punch card.
The card needs to be presented to a BSC Staff coach at each supplemental session you attend prior to training.
If you're interested in becoming a part of our Development Academy program you can see their current training schedule at the bottom of our training schedule page. Please contact Ryan Youngblood for more information on the training sessions if you'd like to attend: youngblood.bscoregon@gmail.com (971) 246-5111.
（单位：元、月）20181103220======select c.xm , STUFF(c.sfzh,7,8,'********') as sfzh, c.dw,cast(a.sqdked as numeric(9,2)) as sqed, REPLACE(a.SQDKQX,'.00','') as sqqx,c.csed, b.shjke, b.spqx as spqx,b.sprq from loan_person_info as a,loan_examine_info as b,loan_sd_check as c where a.DKLSH=b.LSH and a.DKLSH=c.LSH and a.dklcbh >= '7' and a.spzt >= '7' and c.sdhh = '20181103-220'===20181103220===11
Generalissimo Stalin: The Myth of Stalin as a Great Military Strategist, Boris Gorbachevsky. Starts as a look at Stalin's role as a military leader and how it was portrayed within the Soviet Union and turns into a wider condemnation of many aspects of the Soviet war effort and post-war attitude to veterans, written by a wartime veteran of the Red Army. More of a passionately argued polemic than a clearly argued history, the author's passion and anger is clear, backed up by his personal experiences of many of the events he was discussing (Read Full Review)
Stalin's Secret Police, Rupert Butler. Covers the full history of Soviet political policing, from the Revolution and Civil War, through Stalin's rule and the Second World War and onto the post-war and Cold War worlds. More of a history of Soviet repression than of the activities of the Secret Police, covering what they did rather than how they were organised or how they worked. A useful but rather grim look at one of history's darker corners (Read Full Review)
Kursk 1943 – The Southern Front, Robert Forczyk . Looks at von Manstein's flank of the German attack during Operation Citadel, and suggests that one of the main reasons for the German failure was poor planning on their side, combined of course with the massively improved performance of the Red Army, and the repeated delays to the start of the offensive that allowed the Soviets to build three strong defensive lines and gather their reserves ready to deal with the threat. In individual clashes the Germans sometimes prevailed, but the overall campaign very quickly bogged down, and was cancelled after only eight days [read full review]
Panzer Operations: Germany's Panzer Group 3 during the Invasion of Russia, 1941, Hermann Hoth. Provides us with the views of one of the senior German tank commanders of the crucial fighting in 1941 on the Eastern Front, the commander of the 3rd Panzer Group. Looks at the problems faced by the Germans during this first campaign, and how some of them were overcome. Makes it clear that there were periods of very hard fighting throughout this campaign, although perhaps overstates the German difficulties. Also gives an idea of the problems caused by a lack of a clear campaign aim after the initial battles. A valuable primary source for this campaign, although as with virtually all such accounts the biases of the author have to be taken into account [read full review]
Hitler's Russian & Cossack Allies 1941-1945, Nigel Thomas. Provides an overview of the organisation of six of the nine categories of Russian and Cossack troops who fought for the Germans during the Second World War, a total of around half a million men, who helped make up for some of the huge losses suffered by the Germans and their allies on the Eastern Front. Focuses on the origins, structure and organisation of these units rather than their combat record, which wouldn't fit in a book of this size. [read full review]
Stalin's Favorite: The Combat History of the 2nd Guards Tank Army from Kursk to Berlin: Vol 1: January 1943-June 1944, Igor Nebolsin. Excellent reference work covering the first eighteen months of the combat career of the 2nd Tank Army, one of the elite formations within the Red Army. Follows the army from its difficult combat debut in the winter offensive of 1942-43, through the Battle of Kursk and onto the victorious Soviet offensives that eventually saw the Army push west across the Soviet border. The first book of this type that I've seen for a Soviet combat unit, and of great value for that, as well as for the massive amount of information that is packed into the text. [read full review]
Barbarossa Derailed: The Battle for Smolensk 10 July-10 September 1941: Vol3 : The Documentary Companion. Tables, Orders and Reports prepared by participating Red Army forces, David M. Glantz . Contains the supporting evidence to go with the first two narrative volumes in this series. Organised largely to match the chapters in the first two volumes, the aim to allow the reader to confirm Glantz's conclusions. This volume will be of fairly limited appeal, but it will be of great value for the serious student of the fighting on the Eastern Front [read full review]
Barbarossa Derailed: The Battle for Smolensk 10 July-10 September 1941: Vol 2: The German Advance on the Flanks and the Third Soviet Counteroffensive, 25 August-10 September 1941, David M. Glantz. Makes the case that the repeated Soviet counterattacks around Smolensk played a major part in shaping German strategy in 1941, proving that the Red Army would put up more resistance than expected, and diverting German attention away from Moscow and onto their flanks, where they would win a spectacular victory around Kiev. This volume focuses on the third Soviet counterattack and Guderian's move south towards Kiev. Heavily supported by documents, Glantz makes a very convincing case. [read full review]
The Oder Front 1945 Vol 2: Documents, Reports and Personal Accounts, A. Stephan Hamilton. A volume of supporting material for volume one's account of the fighting, covering a very wide range of topics. Includes Hitler's official instructions for the Eastern Front, a large section of combat histories of every major unit involved in the fighting, and detailed accounts of each of the sieges of the German 'fortress cities' or Festung on the Oder Front. Supported by a sizable selection of documents on CD [read full review]
German Infantry vs Soviet Rifleman, Barbarossa 1941, David Campbell. Looks at three clashes between German motorized infantry and Red Army infantry during the battles around Smolensk in 1941, early in the German invasion of the Soviet Union. All three ended as German victories, but the third reveals some of the problems that the Germans would face later in the war, as an outnumbered German unit came under heavy pressure. [read full review]
On the Precipice: Stalin, the Red Army Leadership and the Road to Stalingrad 1931-42, Peter Mezhiritsky. An account of the road to Stalingrad loosely based around a discussion of Marshal Zhukov's memoirs, but focusing on Stalin's role in the catastrophes that almost overwhelmed the Soviet Union after the German invasion of 1941. Often conversational in tone, and with a tendency to indulge in flights of fantasy and speculation, this is still an entertaining read that provides an interesting point of view on this devastating period. [read full review]
Where the Iron Crosses Grow - The Crimea 1941-44, Robert Forczyk. A detailed history of the series of complex campaigns fought in the Crimea between 1941 and 1944, including the German conquest, two failed Soviet counterattacks and the eventual liberation of the area in 1944. Introduction also includes an account of the fighting during the Russian Revolution. An excellent history of a more complex campaign than I had realised. [read full review]
German Infantryman vs Russian Infantryman 1914-15, Robert Forczyk. Looks at the early clashes in East Prussia between the pre-war regulars of the German and Russian armies, a period in which the Russians sometimes performed much better than is generally acknowledged. Looks at one well known and two obscure battles, and produces a balanced view of the conflict on this front. [read full review]
Nazi Policy on the Eastern Front, 1941: Total War, Genocide and Radicalization, ed. Alex J Kay, Jeff Rutherford and David Stahel. Brings some of the latest international research on the first year of fighting and atrocities on the Eastern Front to the English-language audience. A rather grim read, but no less valuable for that, this traces the terrible way in which the pace and level of atrocities accelerated during the first year of fighting on the Eastern Front, slowly building up to the full scale holocaust [read full review]
Smolensk under the Nazis: Everyday Life in Occupied Russia, Laurie R. Cohen. A study of the experiences of the citizens of Smolensk, based on a series of interviews with five eyewitnesses to the occupation. A fascinating insight into both everyday life under the Germans and the impact of German atrocities and occupation policies on the people of Smolensk. A very serious and valuable study of a very serious topic. [read full review]
The White Rose of Stalingrad, Bill Yenne. Fascinating biography of Lidiya Vladimirovona Litvyak, the highest scoring female fighter ace of all time, looking at her life and aviation career, the wider history of female aviation in the Soviet Union and the impact on her of the turbulent history of the Soviet Union (her father was killed in Stalin's purges). [read full review]
Reign of Terror - The Budapest Memoirs of Valdemar Langlet, 1944-1945, Valdemar Langlet. The memoirs of the leader of the Swedish Red Cross in Hungary, recounting his efforts to save as many people as possible during the chaotic rule of the last pro-German governments, including the vicious 'Arrow Cross' regime. His 'Letters of Protection' saved thousands of lives during this period, and his memoirs discuss how this came about, his other work, and describes life in Hungary under the last pro-German governments and during the start of the Soviet occupation. [read full review]
Finland's War of Choice - The Troubled German-Finnish Coalition in World War II, Henrik O. Lunde. A history of the Finnish 'Continuation War', which found the Finns fighting alongside the Germans in the Soviet Union, a democracy fighting alongside a dictatorship in perhaps the most brutal conflict in history. Looks at the background to Finnish entry into the war, their confused war aims, the course of the fighting and the eventual Finnish attempts to exit the war and survive as an independent nation. [read full review]
Hitler's Wave Breaker Concept: An Analysis of the German End Game in the Baltic, Henrik O. Lunde. A detailed examination of the thinking that led to a large German army being trapped on the Baltic coast during the last months of the Second World War, when those experienced troops would have been invaluable in the battle for Berlin. Looks at Hitler's reasons for insisting on defending the Baltic coast and tests them to see if they were valid. [read full review]
Images of War: Armoured Warfare on the Eastern Front, Anthony Tucker-Jones. A photographic guide to the development of armoured warfare on the Eastern Front, with an impressive selection of photos of German and Soviet armoured vehicles, all supported by accurate informative captions and useful chapter introductions, placing the pictures in context. [read full review]
Motherland: Part One, Through Hunger and War, Natan Gimelfarb. Part one of the autobiography of a Jewish director living in the Soviet Union, covering his childhood, wartime experiences and student days. The author grew up in the Ukraine, suffered during the pre-war famines, and was forced to flee east ahead of the advancing Germans. A period in the Red Army ended when he was seriously wounded, and the final part of the book looks at his experiences as a wartime student. [read full review]
Through Hitler's Back Door - SOE Operations in Hungary, Slovakia, Romania and Bulgaria, 1939-1945, Alan Ogden. A look at some of the most obscure operations carried out by SOE, in areas that became part of the Soviet sphere of influence before falling behind the iron curtain at the end of the war, after having sided with the Germans during the fighting. [read full review]
Prisoner of the Gestapo: A Memoir of Survival and Captivity in Wartime Poland, Tom Firth. A tale of survival in wartime Poland in which the author saw in the early Russian occupation of eastern Poland, occupied Warsaw, the inside of a Gestapo prison, the front line in 1944 and the paranoid workings of the Soviet state at the end of the war. An enthralling tale of the best and worst of humanity [read full review]
The Russo-German Conflict 1941 – 1945 , Clark, A. Barbarossa, Hutchinson & Co, London, 1965 (Reprinted by Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1995 and Cassell Military, 2002). A classic work by Alan Clark, later to become a Conservative MP famous for his diaries.
Finnish Soldier vs Soviet Soldier - Winter War 1939-40, David Campbell. Looks at three key battles during the Winter War, comparing the performance of the full range of ground troops on both sides, including armour and artillery. Shows how the Soviet performance slowly improved, just as the Finns were being worn down by the constant fighting, but also how the determined Finnish resistance probably convinced Stalin to abandon his early plans to occupy the entire country, and also how the Soviet debacles in 1939 helped convince the Germans that the Red Army would be an easy opponent to defeat (Read Full Review)
Hitler's Nordic Ally? Finland and the Total War 1939-1945, Claes Johansen. A wide ranging examination of Finland's two wars with the Soviet Union, the period leading up to the Winter War, the uneasy peace, and the aftermath of the wars, looking at the political debate within Finland, the fighting, and the wider impact of the war in the other Nordic countries. Especially interesting for the light it shines on the rather murky period between the two wars, where parts of the Finnish government entered into a de-facto alliance with Germany without the authority to do so, and on the varying Soviet aims. [read full review]
The Winter War, Eloise Engle and Lauri Paananen . A classic account of this early offshoot of the Second World War, written largely from the Finnish point of view (perhaps inevitably given the limited amount of reliable Soviet sources in the 1970s). Although more recent works exist, this is an excellent starting point and gives a good feel for the impact of the war on the Finns. [read full review]
War of the White Death: Finland Against The Soviet Union 1939-40, Bair Irincheev. A detailed military history of the Winter War between Finland and the Soviet Union, based on an impressive knowledge of both side's archives. Focuses almost entirely on the fighting on land, with some very detailed accounts of individual battles. [read full review]
Hitler's Panzer Armies on the Eastern Front, Robert Kirchubel. A 'unit history' written on the largest scale, tracing the campaigns fought by the four Panzer Armies on the Eastern Front, from their roles in the early German victories, to their eventual defeat and destruction in the ruins of the Reich. A very useful contribution to the literature on the Eastern Front. [read full review]
Men of Steel: 1st SS Panzer Corps, The Ardennes and Eastern Front 1944-45, Michael Reynolds. A hugely detailed account of the battles fought by the 1st SS Panzer Corps in the last few months of the Second World War, covering its role in the Ardennes offensive in the west and the last German offensive of the war in Hungary. [read full review]
Sniper Ace: From the Eastern Front to Siberia, Bruno Sutkus, An account of the life of one of the most successful German snipers on the Eastern Front and of the decades he spent in exile in the Soviet Union, of most value for the picture it paints of the fate of many German prisoners of war when they fell into Soviet hands at the end of the war. [read full review]
Eastern Inferno, The Journals of a German Panzerjäger on the Eastern Front, 1941-1943, Hans Roth. The remarkable journals of Hans Roth, who fought with an anti-tank unit attached to a German infantry division on the Eastern Front from 1941 until his death some time in 1944. Roth took part in the initial invasion, the battle for Kiev and the shattering retreat from Stalingrad, before disappearing during the destruction of Army Group Centre in 1944. [read full review]
Images of War: Operation Barbarossa, Hitler's Invasion of Russia, Hans Seidler. A collection of German photographs from the first six months of the invasion of the Soviet Union, from the triumphal advances in the summer to the first dreadful experiences of the Russian winter. A good selection of high quality pictures, showing the German army at the height of its powers and confidence. [read full review]
Panzers on the Eastern Front, Erhard Raus, ed. Peter Tsouras. A series of accounts of German successes on the Eastern Front written for the US military by General Erhard Raus during the 1950s. A very valuable historical source, well presented by the editor, and of great value for anyone with an interest in the fighting on the Eastern Front. [read full review]
Images of War: Blitzkrieg Russia, Jon Sutherland and Diane Canwell. Five photo albums from the first year of the war in Russia in 1941, the period of German success. Four are anonymous, one named although without many details about the original owner. Each illustrates a slightly different aspect of the German army during this last period of major victories. [read full review]
Blood Red Snow: The Memoirs of a German Soldier on the Eastern Front, Günter K. Koschorrek. Based on diaries and notes taken during the war, these memoirs tell the story of one German soldier during the long years of retreat that began at Stalingrad and ended in this case on the Baltic front. Gives a ground level view of the brutal nature of the fighting on the Eastern Front [read full review]
Images of War: Final Days of the Reich, Ian Baxter. Contains some interesting pictures of the Germany army of 1945, with a mix of pictures of late-war military equipment and the troops themselves, many obviously posed but some that give a real feel of an army in collapse. Let down somewhat by the quality of the text, but still of interest. [read full review]
The Fatal Decisions: First Hand Accounts by Hitler's Generals, ed. William Richardson and Seymour Freidlin. Six accounts written by German army generals ten years after the end of the Second World War presenting their view of a series of the main events of the war, from the Battle of Britain to the Battle of the Bulge via Moscow, Stalingrad, El Alamein and D-Day. [read full review]
The Red Army at War, Artem Drabkin. An impressive collection of rare photographs showing the everyday life of the Red Army soldier during the Second World War, looking at every aspect of life in the army apart from combat, and with some useful captions and first hand accounts from veterans. [read full review]
Guns against the Reich - Memoirs of an Artillery Officer on the Eastern Front, Petr Mikhin. The autobiography of a Soviet artillery officer who fought in front of Moscow, at Stalingrad and Kursk, and on the long advance into central Europe. This is an excellent account of life on the front line on the Eastern Front, and a valuable contribution to our understanding of life in the Red Army. [read full review]
World War II Soviet Armed Forces (1), 1939-41, Dr Nigel Thomas. This is a fairly traditional Osprey Man at Arms book looking at the soviet armed forces during the early stages of the Second World War 1939-1941. The book gives a brief outline of the early course of the war, the purges of high command, and the land forces' main campaigns, with sections on the Air force, Navy and NKVD uniforms. The book is short and gives an introduction to a big subject with excellent detail on uniforms and organisation at this early stage. [read full review]
The Soviet Union at War 1941-1945, ed. David R. Stone. An examination of the impact of the German invasion on the Soviet Union, and how effective the various elements of the Soviet system were in fighting the war. Topics covered include the collective farming system, Soviet industry, the structure and attitudes of the military, the role of Women and the fate of non-Russians on both sides of the front line. [read full review]
Panzer Destroyer - Memoirs of a Red Army Tank Commander, Vasiliy Krysov. The memoirs of a Soviet tank and self-propelled gun commander who fought at Stalingrad, Kursk and during the long Soviet offensives that followed, ending the war in East Prussia, and who was lucky to survive for so long, losing his crew and his commanding officer, and being wounded four times. Provides a memorable picture of life in the Red Army during some of the titanic battles on the Eastern Front. [read full review]
Barbarossa Through Soviet Eyes: The First Twenty-Four Hours, Artem Drabkin, Alexei Isaev, Christopher Summerville. Uses eyewitness accounts to describe the impact of the first twenty-four hours of the German invasion in the Soviet Union. Mostly covered the army and air force, but also has good sections on the navy and on the impact of the news well behind the front lines. [read full review]
Operation Barbarossa - The German Invasion of Soviet Russia, Robert Kirchubel. An excellent operational history of Barbarossa based on the three Osprey Campaign books, but with the text entirely reorganised and expanded where necessary. Supported by the usual excellent Osprey maps and illustrations, the result is a detailed but readable account of Operation Barbarossa, the biggest German gamble of the Second World War. [read full review]
Hitler's Final Fortress: Breslau 1945, Richard Hargreaves. An account of the longest siege of any German city during 1945, the four month siege of Breslau, which ended four days after the fall of Berlin. Gives a clear picture of the desperate struggle for the city, the ghastly conditions within the besieged 'fortress' and the heavy cost suffered by the Soviet and Polish troops attacking the city. [read full review]
Images of War: Battle of Kursk 1943, Hans Seidler. A collection of photographs showing the German Army during the Battle of Kursk, the great Soviet victory of 1943 that ended the last major German offensive in the east. Focuses largely on the German weapons and vehicles that took part in the battle, with some pictures of the wider battlefield. [read full review]
The Siege of Kustrin 1945: Gateway to Berlin, Tony le Tissier. An account of the siege of Kustrin, a town on the Oder that was held against the Soviets for two months early in 1945. Told largely from the German point of view, and as a result gives an impression of what it was like to be trapped inside a besieged town. [read full review]
Images of War: Leningrad, Hero City, Nik Cornish. A pictorial history of the long siege of Leningrad, illustrated with a well-chosen and well balanced mix of pictures from both sides of the line. Supported by a brief account of the siege that follows both side's activities and plans and how events elsewhere on the front affected the situation around Leningrad. [read full review]
Images of War: Berlin, Victory in Europe, Nik Cornish. A pictorial guide to the Soviet offensives that broke through the last German defensive lines in the East and the desperate battle for Berlin, the last major battle of the war against Nazi Germany. A good selection of Soviet and German photographs supported by useful captions and a concise account of the campaign. [read full review]
SS Charlemagne, Tony Le Tissier. An account of the military record of the French SS division, SS Charlemagne, as it fought in the German retreat towards Berlin and the final dramatic battle for that city. Told largely in the words of the general commanding the remains of the division in Berlin, and the captain in command of the remaining battalion, this account focuses tightly on one small unit's experiences of that battle. [read full review]
Race for the Reichstag - the 1945 Battle for Berlin, Tony Le Tissier. A detailed but still coherent and readable account of the desperate fighting around and in Berlin in April and May 1945 (and within the two high commands), looking at events from both the Soviet and German sides and supported by some useful maps [read full review]
Berlin 1945: End of the Thousand Year Reich, Peter Antill. This book describes the events in the climactic battle for Berlin, looking at the Soviet advance towards Berlin and the Germans' final resistance. Illustrated with a host of maps, colour plates and photographs, it provides a vivid portrayal of the death throes of the Third Reich and the end of the war in Europe, exploring the strategy of both sides and the tactics of impromptu urban warfare. For the Soviets, Berlin was the ultimate prize after almost four years of bloodshed but the cost of taking the city would prove to be staggering. [see more]
Stalingrad Battle Atlas Volume 1 (13 September-13 October 1942), Anton Joly. Detailed maps, orders of battles and combat strengths for the first part of the Battle of Stalingrad, from the first fighting in the suburbs to the eve of the biggest German attack of the battle. A very well researched book that will be of great value to anyone studying this battle. [read full review]
Stalingrad Battle Atlas Volume 2 (14 October-18 November 1942), Anton Joly. Detailed maps, orders of battles and combat strengths for the second part of the Battle of Stalingrad, from the largest German attack of the battle to the start of the great Soviet counterattack that trapped the Germans. A very well researched book that will be of great value to anyone studying this battle. [read full review]
Disaster at Stalingrad - An Alternate History, Peter Tsouras. A thoroughly entertaining novel of alternative history imagining a very different version of 1942 that ends with a crushing German victory at Stalingrad at the end of a year in which a whole series of decisions and events across the world work out differently to reality. Flawed as a work of counter-factual history by the sheer amount of changes to events, but a very entertaining novel of alternative history. [read full review]
Stalingrad The Infernal Cauldron, Stephen Walsh. A good medium length of the battle of Stalingrad, covering the build-up to the German siege, the siege itself, the Soviet counterattack and German attempts to break through to the trapped Sixth Army. Well illustrated and supported by clear useful maps both of the fighting in the city itself and of the wider campaigns. [read full review]
Sacrifice on the Steppe, Hope Hamilton. The tragic tale of the Italian Alpine Corps sent by Mussolini to fight alongside the Germans in Russia, their disastrous retreat after the Soviet counterattack at Stalingrad, and the fate of the many men who were captured by the Soviets, from the early poor treatment to the later political indoctrination. [read full review]
Notes of a Russian Sniper, Vassili Zaitsev. An utterly compelling account of the battle of Stalingrad as seen by Vassili Zaitsev, the sniper whose exploits inspired the film 'Enemy at the Gates'. A very well written memoir that gives the reader a clear idea of the nature of the fighting in the ruins of the city, and of the skills needed by a sniper in that environment [read full review]
Stalingrad 1942, Peter Antill. One of the most monumental and widely discussed battles in the history of World War II, Stalingrad was a major defeat for Germany on the Eastern Front. The book provides a detailed breakdown of the armies on both sides, discusses the merits of the commanders, the ways in which these influenced the battle and the Germans allowed themselves to be diverted from their main objective and concentrate such large resources on what was, initially anyway, a secondary target. [see more]
Stalingrad: How the Red Army triumphed, Michael J. Jones. Focusing on the first phase of the battle - the German assault on the city - this book attempts to discover how the outnumbered defenders of Stalingrad managed to hold on until the Soviet counter-attack turned the tables on the Germans. A valuable attempt to uncover the true events of a battle often hidden behind a layer of Soviet propaganda [read full review]
Warsaw 1944 - An Insurgent's Journal of the Uprising, Zbigniew Czajkowski. The wartime journal of a teenage Polish fighter who took part in the Warsaw uprising of 1944 and was one of only three in his ten-strong squad to survive the battle. Written just after the fighting it takes us down into the streets and sewers of Warsaw as the brave but doomed uprising struggled to hold off the Germans in the vain hope that the Soviets would liberate the city. [read full review]
Warsaw 1944: Poland's Bid for Freedom, Robert Forczyk. A fascinating Osprey covering a famous but neglected event in the Second World War. It is balanced, highlighting not only the bravery of the Polish resistance but also their shortcomings which were to hinder any chance of success. The main battle is divided nicely and this helps to make clear what a chaotic and confusing conflict was at times. A very good read and of interest to anyone wanting to learn more about urban resistance warfare. [see more]
Kharkov 1942 - The Wehrmacht strikes back, Robert Forczyk. Despite the subtitle this actually looks at two offensives in the Kharkov area in the spring of 1942 - an initially successful Soviet offensive that stretched the German lines and a pre-planned German blow that took advantage of the Soviet move to inflict a heavy defeat on Timoshenko's armies and weaken the Soviet southern armies in advance of the main German offensive of 1942. [read full review]
We love chatting in the messenger. We like listening to dance music. We always listening to music going to the school.
If you or your online business reside in New York, the SBDC can maneuver you across the obstacles to success. By way of direct counseling, we offer a variety of administration and technical assistance providers.
I could not agree more. So now the women have ‘prettied up the room and made the canapés’, lets get the men in to do the actual strategic thinking. I don’t assume so. Let’s work together and rejoice the fact that we’re not simply fluffing the pillows, but truly getting our teeth into the real nuts and bolts of enterprise. There isn’t any denying that customers are essential to any enterprise. Without an ample variety of folks buying the products and providers bought by a enterprise, there would not be any need for the enterprise, and they might quickly be out of enterprise.
Are you a new business owner/operator prepared to start your journey? Entry our three-day enterprise planning workshop and loan assure program to start your entrepreneurial journey.
BDC Small Enterprise Loan — for current business Get a mortgage of up to $a hundred,000 within 5 business days. There are no software fees or hassles and your complete course of is on-line. My grandson’s 2nd grade class totally loved a field trip out there final yr as you may see by the image beneath. They also learned numerous priceless information.
Depending on the nature of your small business, there will probably be different local, state and federal businesses that you’ll want to contact in reference to beginning your small business. It’s extremely beneficial that you just search legal, tax and financial recommendation from professionals before starting a enterprise. Simply watch a novice try to connect the wires, cables and other components of … Read more
Seeking to the way forward for 27 cities on the middle of the world economic system. On this fifth version of Cities of Alternative, PwC and the Partnership for New York City again study the current social and economic performance of the world’s main cities. We additionally add a future dimension that probes the shape of city economies to come.
Businesses should never outsource their social networking exercise, regardless of how small or easy the tasks may be. The reason for this is that businesses ought to at all times concentrate on what kind of public interplay their firm is collaborating in. This interaction consists of who’s following them on social networks, who the enterprise is following and what posts are being written beneath the business?s brand.
This small enterprise financing mistake goes hand-in-hand with the failure to reduce business debt and working bills. Just because a business bank or … Read more
14 Mar, 2015RADIO CHANGED AMERICA becomes HEARING VOICES We are unveiling a new title for our in-production documentary feature film about the history and power… Read More
07 Mar, 2015Larry King shares his radio memories Larry King stopped in to reminisce about his extraordinary radio career that began in 1959 and included… Read More
07 Mar, 2015Filming at the Biltmore Hotel The hotel is legendary. The ambiance and vibe is breathtaking. Yes, I was thrilled to have been… Read More
03 Mar, 2015Ivy Bethune remembers the Blacklist Early on the morning of November 23, 2014 actress and social activist Ivy Bethune graced us with… Read More
On November 22, 2014 we sat down to talk with Washington Post senior editor Marc Fisher at the luxurious Biltmore Hotel in downtown Los Angeles. Marc, the author of the excellent book Something in the Air: Radio, Rock and the Revolution That Shaped a Generation was fascinating even as we held him morning and afternoon for four hours of interview material. I think his insights and knowledge really adds to painting the picture of radio’s evolution form the golden age to present day.
Tracing the role of radio in American culture from the birth of television until the present day, Marc has crafted a highly digestible summary of this incredibly complex journey in his book and, since it is absolutely one of my favorites (I’ve read over 70 books in the course of researching this film), I went to Washington DC to meet him and convince him to fly to LA for a day-long interview.
Marc was a delight, a fountain of knowledge and a writer who has the ability to verbally express his thoughts in a concise, meaningful way. The four-hour interview was a grind for all of us behind the camera and could not have been any easier for the man sitting under the lights and starting at me off-camera waiting for the next question.
One of my favorite interviews to date, Marc offered his views on the past, present, and future of radio in America. I cannot thank him enough for his time and expertise.
The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at September 05, 2017 upload by admin in Anime Wallpaper.
You can download The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
”Gohatta” isn’t the aboriginal blur by the Japanese administrator to abide on the anarchic armament of unleashed female in a backbreaking environment. His best acclaimed film, ”In the Realm of the Senses” (1976), probed the alarming extremes of (heterosexual) affection and obsession. In this new film, the adventure is told formally, application a narrator (Kei Sato) and between-scene titles to advance a advised distance. Much of ”Gohatta” is bathed in shades of blue, and this painterly ambient contributes to the film’s adorable ethereality. It is set in the 19th century, but it could about as calmly be the 15th.
Although his appearance hardly speaks and charcoal around expressionless, Mr. Matsuda’s Kano conveys an apocalyptic willfulness. Even during the film’s one adulation arena (with Tashiro) he seems absolutely alone and unfeeling; above irenic giving his body, he almost participates in the lovemaking. But this actual passivity, which makes him assume ultimately unpossessable, alone inflames his suitors.
The blur calmly gauges Kano’s furnishings on anybody from the top assumption down. Even his avowedly heterosexual superiors (Beat Takeshi and Shinji Takeda), who are in awe of Kano’s concrete beauty, charge accept to one addition that they amusement him added acclaim than the added soldiers.
Although ”Gohatta” isn’t candidly political, the movie, which the New York Blur Festival is assuming today and Monday at Alice Tully Hall, subscribes to the aforementioned appearance of homosexuality as an accordingly confusing force that is captivated by opponents of acceptance aboveboard gay bodies to serve in the military. It illustrates the basal abhorrence that back energies that should be directed against warfare are absent into passion, accord is impossible.
Directed by Nagisa Oshima; accounting (in Japanese, with English subtitles) by Nagisa Oshima, based on novellas by Ryotaro Shiba; administrator of photography, Toyomichi Kurita; edited by Tomoyo Oshima; music by Ryuichi Sakamoto; assembly designer, Yoshinobu Nishioka; produced by Eiho Oshima, Shigehiro Nakagawa and Kazuo Shimizu; appear by New Yorker Films. Running time: 100 minutes. This blur is not rated. Shown with an 11-minute short, Frazer Bradshaw’s ”Every Day Here” today at apex and Monday at 6 p.m. at Alice Tully Hall as allotment of the 38th New York Blur Festival.
Correction: October 4, 2000, Wednesday Because of an alteration error, a blur analysis on Saturday and its account of credits misspelled the aboriginal appellation of a cine that was buried at the New York Blur Festival on Saturday and Monday. The film, directed by Nagisa Oshima and actuality appear commercially on Friday as ”Taboo (Gohatto),” was aboriginal alleged ”Gohatto,” not ”Gohatta.”
| Pleasant to our website, on this moment I’ll explain to you about keyword. And from now on, this is the very first image:
Why not consider image over? can be that awesome???. if you feel and so, I’l m demonstrate several photograph all over again under:
So, if you like to get the amazing shots regarding (The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo), press save icon to store the images to your personal computer. There’re ready for download, if you appreciate and want to have it, just click save badge on the article, and it’ll be immediately down loaded to your desktop computer.} At last if you want to gain unique and latest image related to (The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo), please follow us on google plus or save this site, we try our best to present you regular update with fresh and new photos. We do hope you love keeping here. For most upgrades and latest news about (The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo) pictures, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to provide you with up-date periodically with all new and fresh pictures, love your surfing, and find the best for you.
Here you are at our site, articleabove (The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo) published . Today we are pleased to declare that we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting topicto be discussed, namely (The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo) Some people trying to find details about(The Real Reason Behind Sakagami Tomoyo | Sakagami Tomoyo) and of course one of these is you, is not it?
Here you can find many ideas of bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen, garden, garage, kids room, dining room, fireplace, flooring, wallpaper, home lighting, terrace, patio as well as home appliances such as table, chairs, cabinet, bathtub, sink, sofa, tv stand, curtains, stove, coffee maker, refrigerator, vacuum cleaner, dishwasher, air conditioner, ceiling fans, cooktops, microwaves, wall oven, blenders, mixers etc.
Check planning for all those large examinations could be mind-boggling. When you’re getting examinations such as the SITTING or even BEHAVE, for instance, you can easily turn out to be nervous as well as anxious. Having a couple of helpful suggestions, although, you are able to obvious the mind as well as place your self on the much better speed to find the rating that you simply really should have. Rather than not really training with this special day, understand how to strategy forward for this.
It will assistance to obtain expert check planning providers whenever you’ll be able to achieve this. These types of providers not just enable you to research for those facets of the actual examination, but additionally these people will help you to reduce the actual dangers associated with not really succeeding inside your tougher places. Through readying your self much more completely, particularly within the places where you stand generally battling, you’ll reduce your own anxiousness more than getting the actual examination. Getting self-confidence is among the secrets in order to succeeding within this kind of atmosphere.
As part of check planning, perform consider exercise examinations. There are lots of possibilities on the internet, however should you make use of a teacher or even expert support, individuals companies provides you with the info you’ll need. The advantage within getting several examinations isn’t just to find the solutions correct (since this can alter considerably in one 12 months to another. ) Instead, it’s to obtain a person acquainted with the procedure, along the actual examination program, and also the general atmosphere. This particular will help you be ready whenever which day time will arrive close to.
You should understand the significance associated with this kind of examination. Don’t inform your self it doesn’t matter. You need to strategy period in to your own routine to review and also to put together. This may be beneficial to provide your self just as much period while you require without having mind-boggling your self along with learning. It’s also smart to maintain an optimistic mindset. You’ll achieve a lot more in the event that you’ll be able to absolutely no within as well as concentrate on the actual duties. It is also useful to utilize additional college students inside a team situation. Should you choose this particular, make sure that most people are operating collectively like a group and never inside a aggressive style.
Check planning isn’t some thing to place away. The greater period a person provide you to ultimately enhance your own abilities, the greater comfy you’ll really feel about the special day. You might not have the ability to understand the precise queries that’ll be requested associated with a person about the examinations, however you won’t are having issues operating with the info supplied in order to solution the key queries precisely. Making the effort to enhance your own abilities can help provide you with the self-confidence you’ll need.
Rights These materials may be used by individuals and libraries for personal use, research, teaching (including distribution to classes), or any ‘fair use' as defined by U.S. Copyright Law. For reprints or additional information contact the archivist at archives@carrollu.edu
Sept. 9, arrival of the snow Two Sisters, from Rotterdam, last from Cowes. -- extracted from A Collection of Upwards of Thirty Thousand Names of German, Swiss, Dutch, French and other Immigrants in Pennsylvania, from 1727 to 1776 with a Statement of the names of Ships, whence they sailed, and the date of their arrival in Philadelphia. Second Revised and Enlarged Edition with German Translation.
This page features a user contributed or public domain transcription that was submitted to the Genealogy Today Free Data Archive for hosting. The list of family names above represents unique last names of individuals discovered in this resource.
You are seeking access to recordings made or gathered as part of ethnographic research into the cultural life of a given individual or group. Ethnographic recordings have great value for cultural history but are necessarily incomplete documentations and representations of these individuals or groups and should be understood as one perspective from a particular point in time.
In order to access the recordings, you must read and agree to comply with the following end user license agreement ("EULA"). The EULA is intended to protect the rights of the subjects appearing within the recordings, the researchers, the EVIA Digital Archive Project and Indiana University. It describes the obligations of anyone who accesses the material in the collection. All users of the collection must comply with the terms of the EULA. Failure to do so will result in termination of your access to the collection and may subject you to civil and criminal penalties.
The recordings in the collection and the music and performances contained in the recordings are protected by copyright and other laws. Users may access the recordings solely for their individual and nonprofit educational and research purposes. If a user wishes to make any further use of the recordings, the user is responsible for obtaining all necessary permissions to do so from the applicable rights holders in the material.
Users may NOT make or distribute copies of the recordings or their contents, in whole or in part, for any purpose.
The Archive and its associated website ("Site") may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. Indiana University assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, or communications line failure, involving the Archive. Indiana University is not responsible for any technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, software, failure of access on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any part of the Site, or combination thereof, or for any resulting injury including injury or damage to User's or to any other person's computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or software, related to or resulting from accessing and using the Site.
In no event will Indiana University or its trustees, employees or agents be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including for any lost profits or lost data arising from your use of the site content or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from the site, even if the University is aware or has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You acknowledge that because no fees are paid to the University for use of the site or its services, you shall not be entitled to damages of any kind from the University, regardless of the nature of the claim or cause of action and under any theory in law or equity.
Indiana University reserves the right to change any and all content, software and other items used or contained in the Site and any services and platform applications offered through the Site at any time without notice.
Any claim or cause of action you wish to assert involving the Site or its services must be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction and appropriate venue within the State of Indiana, and shall be governed by Indiana and any applicable federal law, without reference to choice of law principles. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to modify the disclaimers and limitations of liability provided above.
By logging in to the EVIA Digital Archive you represent that you have read, understood, and agree to comply with the above terms and conditions of use of the Archive.
Park Terraces 2 At Valhalla is a new preconstruction condo development by Edlican Development Corporation located at 2 Gibbs Road in Toronto (Bloor/Gibbs).
Park Terraces 2 At Valhalla will be 10 storeys with a total of 180 condo units. Estimated completion is set for March 2020.
Amenities at Park Terraces 2 At Valhalla will include a pet spa, rooftop deck, fitness facility, yoga room, two social lounges, library and a kid’s zone.
Our store ships to more than 200 countries and you can enjoy free shipping on all items sold on alivancouver.com
Note: The delivery time mentioned above does not include order processing time that usually varies from 1 to 3 days.
Different items have their own processing time, which is what we cannot control. But what we can do is try the best to let you receive your items as soon as possible.
Vacuum cleaner accessories suitable for all 32mm size floor brush Stainless steel cleaner floor tools cleaner connection
Local Search is all around us now and is one of the fastest growing segments on the internet. Many businesses are not aware of this and how to create a local marketing effort on line. There are many different strategies and opportunities when it comes to local search. The thing every business needs to be concerned with is how to be found on the internet locally instead of the old traditional way of just being listed in the phone directory.
Some companies choose to do a local site to capture those local leads. Here is an example of auto insurance in Tacoma Washington doing a specific local website. This is one example of targeting local traffic or a business can just pay for search engine optimization for one site. If a business chooses to do both then even better. The more opportunities to capture a local customer the better.
As far as I can see it, a good local listing can give your business a much needed push to the right direction. Bounce Rate is now part of Google's algorithm, and having traffic that's both relevant and interested in your site, can minimize your bounce rate, and possibly give you a significant boost to your ROI.
Cycle country atv winches, Atv accessories, motorcycle, tyres, parts, accessories, Auckland | Cycletreads
The 1500, and 2500 are free-wheeling winches. The exclusive handlebar switch and relay system prevent operation when the ATV's key is off. Our winches also feature Dynamic Braking, which prevents the cable from back dragging.
All Cycle Country winches can be mounted to your ATV with available winch mounting kits, sold separately.
UnitedHealthcare’s Brad White took the men’s win Saturday at the Winston-Salem Classic Criterium in North Carolina, finishing first in the field sprint to put an exclamation on the victory after lapping the field with a seven-rider group. Hincapie Racing’s Dion Smith and Jelly Belly-Maxxis rider Gavin Mannion finished second and third. The day’s podium came from the breakaway that lapped the field with less than 15 laps to go.
In a classic tactical manoeuvre known in criterium circles as the 'Saturn release' after the late-90s team that employed it so successfully, the Unitedhealthcare team positioned White near the front on the final lap, then put criterium expert Hilton Clarke on his wheel to open up a gap and let White and teammate Carlos Alzate power away on the final half lap.
Like his teammate Alexis Ryan, who won from a breakaway that lapped the women's field, White was not necessarily the protected rider for UnitedHealthcare. "I'm a worker through and through, and I only get a couple of opportunities when I get in a breakaway, and try to make the most of those, today was one," White said.
"It feels good, I don't usually get a chance to win. I have my brother, sister in law and dad here. It's not often you get to race in front of your family because we race all over the country, but to win in front of them was extra special."
White bridged across to solo attacker Mannion, who went away in the opening laps, in the final half hour of the 90-minute race with five other riders, including Hincapie's Smith and Andzs Flaksis, Jacob Sitler (Astellas), Connor McCutcheon (Airgas-Safeway), and Evan Murphy (Lupus). With UHC well known as a criterium powerhouse, it was surprising that the group worked so hard to lap the field, considering they were only delivering white to his well-drilled lead-out train.
"You see the course, and it looks like a course where a breakaway could lap up. Once the peloton slows on the uphill, boom, you gain 10", the lap isn't very long and all of a sudden you have that carrot in front of you. For me it was way better to lap the field rather than be one out of seven," White said. "When we lapped up my chances went up 100 per cent."
Mannion only wanted to stay safe, and hit out in the first few laps in an effort to avoid the chaos in the peloton on the short, fast course. To lap the field and take third was only a bonus. "I wanted to spend as little time as possible in the field," he told Cyclingnews. "UHC has their full crit team here, and they're pretty dialled winning these things. I don't think I had the legs to win the sprint anyhow. I knew exactly what they were going to do, there was nothing I could do about it. The podium is definitely a good result."
After the breakaway lapped the field, Astellas, UnitedHealthcare, Hincapie and Jelly Belly amassed at the front to try and give their riders an advantage. Hincapie sent Oscar Clarke up the road in a breakaway in the final 10 laps with hopes that one of Smith or Flaksis could get across, but it wasn't meant to be.
Smith said the team's strategy was to be aggressive and get in the breakaway, because they expected it to lap the field, but didn't question their efforts to lap the field and deliver White back into his team. "We didn't let him go to the front, they just have it so dialled. We're happy with what we did, we were aggressive. It's 50-50, we had two guys and we lapped the field, one of us could attack and have better odds. It didn't work out, but always nice to get on the podium and represent the team."
Sign up to the Cyclingnews Newsletter, from Immediate Media Company Limited. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information about how to do this, and how we hold your data, please see our privacy policy
“Although in the sprints I can block out the pain I have been feeling it in my arm and side during the last few stages and getting through the mountains will be difficult with this."
Having crashed hard in stage 1, Luka Mezgec has decided to leave the Tour de Pologne which goes into the mountains in today's stage. With no more sprint opportunities, the Slovenian prefers to recover for next week's Eneco Tour where he is set to be the Giant-Shimano main sprinter.
Luka Mezgec will not start tomorrow’s fifth stage of the Tour of Poland in order to recover from his crash on stage one. Mezgec came down hard in the finishing sprint, hitting the barriers and sustaining bruising to his arm and side, but he was able to start the following day.
He went on to take second on stage three and third on stage four but the team, together with Mezgec , have decided that he will return home to fully recover from the injuries sustained.
Team Giant-Shimano coach at the Tour of Poland, Addy Engels said: “After two decent sprints in the last few days we have decided that Luka should return home to recover properly from his fall on stage one. There will be little respite over the next few days in the hills here so together with the team’s medical expert we have decided that he should stop after today. We will monitor his recovery and hopefully he will be good to start the Eneco Tour next week.”
Mezgec added: “Although in the sprints I can block out the pain I have been feeling it in my arm and side during the last few stages and getting through the mountains will be difficult with this. It is disappointing to be leaving the team in Poland but I wish them good luck for the next few days.”
Cycle through gorgeous landscapes 22.10.2018 @ 21:41 Balance Your Economy and Diet and Start Saving Money 08.10.2018 @ 11:18 One for the road 04.09.2018 @ 15:25 Stay Safe: 3 Helmets That Can Keep Your Head Protected... 20.07.2018 @ 07:59 Planning to bet on Tour De France - Bet types and strat... 24.05.2018 @ 14:18 Basics of cycling betting 25.10.2017 @ 13:10 List of CyclingQuotes previews 13.10.2017 @ 13:20 Bauer moves to ORICA-SCOTT 28.08.2017 @ 10:45 End of the road for CyclingQuotes 08.01.2017 @ 16:00 Rui Costa confirms Giro participation 07.01.2017 @ 12:55 Van Avermaet: I am not afraid of Sagan 07.01.2017 @ 09:45 Unchanged course for E3 Harelbeke 07.01.2017 @ 09:32 Jenner takes surprise win at Australian U23 Championships 07.01.2017 @ 08:53 No replacement for Meersman at Fortuneo-Vital Concept 06.01.2017 @ 19:14 Barguil with two goals in 2017 06.01.2017 @ 19:06 More details about French Vuelta start emerges 06.01.2017 @ 14:16 Kristoff to start season at Etoile de Besseges 06.01.2017 @ 14:10 Ion Izagirre announces schedule for first year at Bahrain 06.01.2017 @ 12:40 JLT Condor optimistic for Herald Sun Tour 06.01.2017 @ 09:19 Haas leads Dimension Data trio in fight for Australian... 06.01.2017 @ 09:15 Sagan spearheads Bora-hansgrohe at Tour Down Under 06.01.2017 @ 09:12 Henao and Thomas lead Sky Down Under 06.01.2017 @ 09:09 Bauer crowned New Zealand TT champion 06.01.2017 @ 08:33 Van der Poel ready to defend Dutch title 05.01.2017 @ 21:00 Pantano ambitious for first Tour with Trek 05.01.2017 @ 20:41 Landa with new approach to the Giro 05.01.2017 @ 20:36 Sunweb Development Team sign Goos and Zepuntke 05.01.2017 @ 20:27 Dumoulin confirms Giro participation 05.01.2017 @ 20:19 Bauer targets victories in Quick-Step debut 05.01.2017 @ 20:16 Gaviria and Boonen lead Quick-Step in San Juan 05.01.2017 @ 20:13 Team Sunweb presented in Germany 05.01.2017 @ 20:09 ASO take over major German WorldTour race 05.01.2017 @ 11:01 Team Sunweb unveil new jersey 05.01.2017 @ 10:54 Reactions from the Australian TT Championships 05.01.2017 @ 08:27 Dennis defends Australian TT title 05.01.2017 @ 08:21 Scotson takes back to back U23 TT titles in Australia 05.01.2017 @ 08:15 Utrecht on track to host 2020 Vuelta 04.01.2017 @ 18:28 Pre-season setback for Talansky 04.01.2017 @ 17:56 Kristoff: It's not impossible for me to win in Rou... 04.01.2017 @ 17:49 Boom close to first cyclo-cross win in LottoNL debut 04.01.2017 @ 17:40 UAE Abu Dhabi make late signing of Arab rider 04.01.2017 @ 17:36 UAE Abu Dhabi unveil new jersey 04.01.2017 @ 17:30 BMC unveil race schedule 04.01.2017 @ 17:21 Androni sign Costa Rican super talent 04.01.2017 @ 17:13 Lampre leave the peloton 04.01.2017 @ 17:03 Nibali to skip the classics 04.01.2017 @ 16:58 Kolobnev announces retirement 04.01.2017 @ 15:08 Young Dimension Data team targets third consecutive win... 04.01.2017 @ 14:01 Vakoc leads Quick-Step at Tour Down Under 04.01.2017 @ 13:58 Puncheur course for 2017 Arctic Race of Norway 04.01.2017 @ 13:55 Ewan makes it itwo in row at Criterium Championships 04.01.2017 @ 13:53 Track world champion wins Australian U23 criterium title 04.01.2017 @ 13:50 Orica-Scott target numerous Australian titles 04.01.2017 @ 13:47 2017 team analysis: Movistar Team 03.01.2017 @ 17:30 Wilier-Selle Italia confirm signing of Italian talent 03.01.2017 @ 17:21
The ASICS GEL-Kayano Trainer was originally released in 1993, as it was designed and marketed for the high-performance runner. The inspiration for the iconic trainer stems from the tough armored shells of stag beetles with its molded upper side panel to offer increased protection and mobility, while the heel collar is lined with a mono sock and rear foot protector for maximum comfort and support. Today the Kayano is alive and well, commencing a saga of refined running footwear over a 20-year era, while it also remains to be an everlasting classic in the ASICS Tiger heritage line. Benefits of the ASICS GEL-Kayano, GEL-Cushioning for comfort, an armored shell upper for protection, a mono sock for better ankle support
As part of a multiyear study of deer disease, including chronic wasting disease, Michigan State University and the Department of Natural Resources will place location-tracking collars on white-tailed deer in south central Michigan.
The study will assess deer movement and distribution patterns, and their influence on disease spread in and around Clinton and Ingham counties. This is one of a series of aggressive actions to address CWD in Michigan’s deer population.
The disease attacks the brain of infected animals which result in death. It is transmitted through direct animal-to-animal contact or by contact with saliva, urine, feces, blood or body parts of an infected animal, or infected soil.
There are no known health risks posed to humans by CWD, however the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends animals infected with the disease not be eaten.
A scientifically based understanding of localized deer dispersal rates, timing and direction, seasonal movement patterns and basic population characteristics is critical for developing effective disease control strategies.
“We know that that CWD may be spread through direct deer-to-deer contact and by the shedding of CWD proteins or prions into the environment. By understanding where and why deer are moving across the region, we can better understand the role deer play in moving the disease,” said Dr. Sonja Christensen, postdoctoral research fellow in the Boone and Crockett Quantitative Wildlife Center at MSU.
This study will improve the ability to proactively manage CWD, particularly in areas where the disease is just being discovered.
“Understanding how local deer populations change with the presence of CWD and associated management actions will help us measure the effectiveness of disease control actions and anticipate future disease management needs,” said Dr. Dwayne Etter, DNR research specialist.
The research will also measure how deer move during different seasons and track movement in real time, which could focus efforts on areas with high probabilities of disease risk. The work is part of a larger collaborative effort between the DNR, MSU, the Hal and Jean Glassen Memorial Foundation and the Boone and Crockett Club.
Buckmasters entertains and educates deer hunters with current strategies and technology from the most respected experts in the field.
Sadly there will are no future minifigure series planned for release which is disappointing as there are a number of fan favourites such as Moe, Otto and Sideshow Bob missing from the line-up.
LEGO have confirmed the rumour that has been circulating recently that the next Star Wars UCS set will be 75059 Sandcrawler. A UCS Sandcrawler had been the subject of a failed CUUSOO bid last year as LEGO could not “approve this project in the LEGO Review based on our ongoing relationship and collaboration with Lucasfilm on LEGO Star Wars”.
As with previous UCS releases the set is expected to be released around May 4th. It is unclear what this years minifigure giveaway will be however.
Recreate unforgettable scenes from Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope with this amazing LEGO® incarnation of the Jawas’ desert-going vehicle, the Sandcrawler™. Turn the knob at the rear and steer the Sandcrawler into position, lower the front ramp and offload the droids using the 2 working cranes. Luke Skywalker™ and his Uncle, Owen Lars, are sure to be impressed with the selection on offer: there’s R2-D2, an R1-series Droid, an R2 unit, R5-D4™, a Treadwell Droid™, Gonk Droid™ and even C-3PO™. When the sale is complete, lift the side panels and top to reveal more great features inside, like the engine, storage bay, cockpit and more. There’s even a speeder bike for when the Jawas need to venture outside. Includes 7 minifigures: Luke Skywalker™, Uncle Owen, C-3PO™ and 4 Jawas™, plus R2-D2™, R2 unit, an R1-series Droid™, Gonk Droid™, R5-D4™ and a Treadwell Droid™.
Features 8 tracks with steering function, lowering front ramp, opening side flaps, removable top, working cranes, speeder bike, opening hatch for easy access to the boxes, attachable handles for lifting boxes, and a detailed interior including engine bay, storage bay and cockpit
Character Building may currently have the licence for Doctor Who construction sets but according to Metro.co.uk the possibility of the time travelling Doctor appearing in LEGO form may not be too far away!
Currently a CUUSOO project for Doctor Who is garnering momentum and according to Metro, LEGO have resolved a former “licensing conflict”.
“Sometimes we have to turn down project submissions that refer to specific brands or licensed properties.
We do this to avoid getting your hopes up for something we know we aren’t able to make. In these cases, we already know the LEGO Group can’t secure licensing rights to produce construction toys based on a particular brand or property, due to a conflicting interest with a third party.
If such a conflict goes away, we’ll then be able to accept projects based on a particular brand or license.”
LEGO The Hobbit video game is available on a multitude of platforms from April 2014 and now you can download a trial for PC!
The game is the latest in a long line of games produced by TT Games and is based on the first two The Hobbit films!
The trailer features scenes with Gollum, hungry trolls, mischievous goblins and even Azog, the pale orc who hunts Bilbo and his companions throughout their journey.
Elves Tauriel and Legolas also make an appearance, wielding their bows and arrows, as well as wizard Radagast, with his rabbit-pulled sled
Gather your courage and embark on an epic fantasy LEGO adventure through the darkest forests and deepest caves of Middle-earth! Check out the new trailer for more of the highly anticipated LEGO® The Hobbit™ videogame featuring all of your favorite characters from the first two films in The Hobbit Trilogy in LEGO form, including Bilbo, Gandalf, and the Dwarves of Erebor.
LEGO is a trademark of the LEGO Group of companies which does not sponsor, authorize or endorse this site
Georgi Grozev Company was established in 1996 in the town of Dimitrovgrad, Republic of Bulgaria. The firm possesses 100 % of its own capital. From the very beginning, it is narrowly specialized and certified in production of underwear for men, women and children, produced by materials of high quality in compliance with all requirements for safety, ecology and comfort. The firm has its privately owned workshop at address: 24 Parvi may Str., 6400 Dimitrovgrad. It is equipped with modern sewing machines for the manufacture of excellent quality textile underwear and provides the possibility to respond to the market needs. At present 30 high-qualified professionals work in the company. The production is sold mainly in the country by a strengthen distribution network. Part of the production is exported abroad mainly to Serbia, Macedonia, Greece, etc.
3198/3130 ISO INA Tapered Roller Bearings consist of four basic components including: the cone (inner ring), the cup (outer ring), tapered rollers, and a cage (roller retainer). The cone, cup and rollers carry the load while the cage spaces and retains the rollers on the cone. The cone, rollers and cage components of our tapered roller bearings are referred to as the cone assembly. Individual cup and cone components of our tapered roller bearings are available as well as the complete assembly. In addition,INA Bearings offers a variety of configurations to our tapered roller bearings such as single-row, double-row and four-row.
While other materials may be available, typically, tapered roller bearings are made of high carbon chrome steel due to their expected performance.
Through-Hardened: Through-hardened heat treatment gives consistent hardness throughout the component.
Although Through-Hardened bearings have gradually become the preference in heavy-duty commercial trucking applications, INA Bearingswill supply both Through-Hardened and Case-Hardened Tapered Roller Bearings.
Most standard industrial sizes are available in inch and metric. Custom sizes are also available upon special request. INA Bearings's main stock sizes are: ID 15-240mm or .59- 9.45 inches to OD 35-40mm or 1.38-15.75 inches. Please consult an AST sales specialist for larger tapered roller bearing sizes and availability.
Tapered roller bearings are used for heavy-duty, moderate speed applications. Typical applications that will benefit from these durable bearings include:
INA Bearings Bearings offers more than 250 different Tapered Roller Bearing models in both inch and metric sizes with many in-stock and ready to ship. If you need help in selecting the best tapered roller bearing by size, please remember that design engineering and application assistance are available from INA Bearings as part of our value-added services designed to make your job easier.
Boya Manufacture Co.Ltd control the quality of the bearing.Whenever bearings must first detected whether the quality is qualified and the unqualified bearing will be eliminated directly.So we can get the trust of a large number of customers, and supply them for several years.We can also according to customer requirements change their own mark.Boya Manufacture Co.Ltd ensure that our prices across China are quite competitive.It is better for you to compare prices and quality among suppliers.But everyone knows you can not buy the highest quality products with the lowest price,but our product is the best quality if you use equal price.
Elite Industrial Manufacture Co.,Limited's major brands are: VICKERS, German Rexroth REXROTH, Japan oil research YUKEN, Japan Tokyo meter (Tokyo) TOKIMEC, Japanese great gold DAIKIN, Japan's No. 2 NACHI, Japanese Sumitomo SUMITOMO, French Dan Nixon DENISON, American Parker PARKER Japan Kawasaki foreign famous brands. Products include: oil pump, hydraulic oil pump, imported oil pump, high pressure pump, gear pump, high pressure pump, quantitative pump, vane pump, plunger pump, variable pump, piston pump, double pump, triple pump, pump accessories, pump maintenance, hydraulic machinery and components.
But then he got his nerve and called me. Group sex parties for cpls all day long. These days you have the option to pick from any number of great services, girls and options. A single male waiting to picked up by cpl in chennai Private party, details are available for registered members only, click here to join us now! Login Advertise for Free. Hello Friend, i am planing for party for swinger couples it will be in dead sea we will book a private villa with swim pool if you want to join us please contact us to send you details.
Vip Room Oslo is an erotic gathering place. Opening hours Monday - Closed Tuesday 9: Wife will be outstation for 14 days Meet me, enjoy me and forget me! E and other nice girl form. Maybe she's wearing something a bit too sexy under that coat. Colombo, Western, Sri Lanka. Send us your pic pls 1 people like this. I will be in Jaipur at 15 april. Only in Melbourne til Sunday and seek lady or couple for genuine fun sex play dates.
I'm an open person and I would say that I am honest, sincere and natural, intelligent, objective, practical, simple, reliable, gentle, romantic and I have a good sense of humor. Looking for single man who can host and accomodate to enjoy afternoon sex with the wife while hubby watches and join in after taking some nice pictures and videos. Group sex party Group sex parties for cpls all day long. Rajagiriya, Western, Sri Lanka. If you willing to spend a romantic and fantastic weekend do inbox me, maybe u will get the chance to form part of this plan. Single bi ladies only Private party, details are available for registered members only, click here to join us now! Visiting Bangalore we are married couple visiting Bangalore on a short trip if anyone intrested in meeting us reply 10 people like this.
The coase is 3 girls and one man. Additionally, LifeStyle clubs are evolving, becoming more elegant and attracting a broader range of people. Kushtia, Dhaka, Bangladesh Guests: Mumbai, Maharashtra, India Guests: Fun, safe and discreet sex party Just a casual meet up and might have some drinks as well and let the imagination run around naked.
Do another butt related video next,too many bjs recently. Maybe a cum on ass doggystyle? Doggy anal? Butthole spreading or winking? I'd love that stuff.
hit like if you think im sexier than her lol ..im single btw! hit me up if you are alone ..boreddddddd !
what a cute girl great thin body solid abs her ass is kinda flat but I reall y don't care I'm focused on that beautiful face
wow ! You are seriously amazing!! Everything is perfect, even the view of your fingers turns me on (beautiful fingers and nails ;-))
these mom-son pornos are so unrealistic i mean the fuking age difference is like ZERO!! jesus wtf, if the industry is so desperate to push in***t on us at least make it look real
What a hot video! Your getting so much better at anal! I’d love to see an anal creampie sometime babe
autoradio 12v car radio bluetooth 1 din car stereo player phone aux in mp3 fm usb radio remote control for phone car audio
original meizu flow triple driver in ear earphone hifi 1dd 2ba hybrid earphones earbuds with microphone and remote for mobile
Centers on the Kilcher family and their community outside Homer, Alaska. Begun by patriarch Yule Kilcher who immigrated from Europe during WWII, and currently led by his sons, Otto and Atz ...
(WAYNESBURG, Pa.) – The Carnegie Mellon University football team traveled to Waynesburg University for a Presidents' Athletic Conference (PAC) contest and dropped a 24-21 decision on a late field goal by the Yellow Jackets. Carnegie Mellon moves to 2-3 and 1-3 in PAC play while Waynesburg is now 3-3, 3-2.
Senior quarterback Alex Cline (Dublin, Ohio/Dublin Jerome) became the program leader for most career completions. He now has 417 completions and passed Rob Kalkstein's (2010-13) mark of 405. Cline also moved into second on the school's all-time passing chart after throwing for 161 yards and a touchdown. Cline now has 5,478 yards for his career and needs 42 more to become the all-time leader. Cline also finished 23 yards rushing and a score on the ground.
Senior Karl Kumm (Brick, N.J./Brick Township) had a career-high 78 yards receiving on five receptions and a touchdown. Junior Chris Haas (Coronado, Calif./Coronado) led the Tartans rush attack with 65 yards and a touchdown.
Sophomore Mason Tolliver (Sylmar, Calif./Crespi) led the Tartans defense with a career-high 11 tackles, seven solo. Junior Michael Lohmeier (Clarendon Hills, Ill./Hinsdale Central) recorded a sack and totaled four tackles including 2.5 tackles for loss. Sophomore Danny Zahniser (Downingtown, Pa./Downingtown East) and junior Quinn Gaughan (Elmhurst, Ill./York Community) each ended the day with a career-best seven tackles.
Waynesburg jumped out to a 14-0 lead at the 5:22 mark of the first quarter. The Yellow Jackets took the opening possession of the game and marched 74 yards caped off with a 13-yard run by Perone. After holding the Tartans to a three-and-out, Waynesburg needed eight plays to double its lead, as Walker scored on a 6-yard option play.
With six minutes to play in the half, Carnegie Mellon cut the deficit to 14-7. Cline connected with Kumm on a 5-yard touchdown reception that capped off a 10-play, 54-yard drive.
After holding the Yellow Jackets to a three-and-out, the Tartans drove 50 yards on the ensuing possession which resulted in a 3-yard touchdown run by Haas which knotted the score at 14-14 with 2:14 to play in the first half.
Carnegie Mellon open the second half with a 10-play, 60-yard drive, that started following a 30-yard kickoff return by junior Willie Richter (Leander, Texas/Cedar Park), and ended with a 1-yard touchdown run by Cline. The score gave the Tartans their first lead of the game at 21-14 five minutes into the third quarter.
The Yellow Jackets tied the score at 21-21 when Perone found Dozhay Crumb for an 11-yard touchdown toss with 10:08 to play in regulation. Eight minutes later, Waynesburg took a 24-21 lead as Garret Guthrie connected on a 35-yard field goal with 1:56 on the clock.
Carnegie Mellon will welcome Bethany College to Gesling Stadium on Saturday, October 13 for a 1:00 p.m. kick.
2017 - Set career and season 6K personal record at the NCAA Regional Championship with a time of 22:25.0 ... Finished Second at the Capital Athletic Conference Championship with a time of 23:08.6 ... received All-CAC First Team.
Personal —Parents are Mark and Jenny Bigelow ... has four siblings ... working towards a major in Business Management ... enjoys running.
I’m a little late on this post. I had the bright idea to move three days after Con ended, so after 10 days straight of walking a billion steps and being socially active and then packing and picking up heavy things and then cleaning, I passed out in my new bathtub and soaked there until I woke up and realized I’d put off my recap for way too long.
So here it is, my rundown of San Diego Comic Con 2018, a distant memory now, of the time before the great migration to New Apartment. But I like to share my five-day journey for all the people who couldn’t be there, or for anyone who wants to relive the greatest week of the year.
Before you read this, know that I had plantar fasciitis the entire time. I walked like, 20,000 steps a day while sort of pretending everything was totally fine. It was not fine, and eventually my foot just fell off, but I kept walking. Heroic? Maybe. Painful? Definitely. Worth it? Present Me will say yes and let Future Me deal with the long-term consequences.
If you learn nothing else from this article, you should take my advice on two points: 1) Do not move the week after Comic Con and 2) Don’t have plantar fasciitis the week of con.
Every year our room all drives down together, and every year we increase in size. Next year we’re going to have to strap somebody to the roof. This year it was five of us; we had one guy sleeping on the floor who decided he hated con and spent the entire week wandering around the outskirts of San Diego. We snagged the Hyatt this year, which is the third-closest hotel and has a lovely adults-only pool. Our tradition is to get to the hotel early, get really drunk, go swimming in the pool, then clean up and go to dinner and preview night. This year my buddy Brian and I were also going to wait in the Hall H wristband line to get into the Doctor Who panel for Thursday. You get a wrist band the night before, then as long as you show up before 7:30am the next day, you’ll get into Hall H. So that was our plan.
A couple of friends buy us two pitchers of pina coladas and I drank like, a mountain of wine on top of that, and halfway through my shower I begin to realize that I am not going to make it to preview night. What follows is not one of my proudest of moments, and I would like to thank my friend Kristine for making sure I wake up in the bed hours later with clothes on, as everyone returns from all the Wednesday night activities. On the upside, puking my guts out leaves me with 1) no hangover and 2) no desire to drink for the rest of the week.
I don’t think I could get into the Doctor Who panel, but I make a go for it anyway and head to Hall H.
The Hall H line is this thing that snakes all the way around to the harbor. Hall H holds over 6,000 people, but even with a full house, tons of people don’t get in to the more popular panels. Sometimes Thursday is doable though, since many con-goers aren’t there yet. This line is short, so I figure that the worst that happened is I waste an hour in line. I have a rule about Comic Con – never wait for anything more than an hour and a half.
Anyhow, I end up chatting with a delightful lawyer who’s standing next to me. He was interviewed by the BBC about being a fan, so I’m in the back of the shot trying not to look like I’m aware that I’m in the back of the shot. Time ticks by. The panel starts. Brian is in there (he made it to the wristband line without me) so he’s giving me updates from inside Hall H. The line moves just enough to make us all think we can get in, but people start leaving anyway. And then it happens. We get in! The initial interview is over and they’re just starting the audience Q&A. But hey, I get to see the trailer in a room with 6,000 other fans.
So people start asking questions, and then there’s Brian up on the big screen! He’s in his Thirteenth Doctor cosplay and the place goes ape shit at the sight of it. Jodie Whittaker says “Comfy init?” And then he tells all 6,000+ people in Hall H that his best friend made his coat and I yell “THAT’S ME!!!” to all the people around me who do not care.
The panel is available online, but sadly Brian isn’t onscreen in the official video. He asks a great question about how she’s handling the pressure of being a geek icon.
After the panel, we head to the Wired lounge, this fancy party Wired Magazine puts on every year for industry people. Free food and booze. I’m not drinking, but I’m starving. It takes like a million hours for any food to come out, and when it does, the crowd descends on it like a plague of locusts. I’m pescatarian on account of my cholesterol, but by the time the food arrives I’m so hungry and just go with the crowd, grabbing any and all food I can fit in my grubby hands. Yes I eat beef. And a donut. I’m not proud.
For me, the big event of Comic Con every year is always the Her Universe Fashion Show. Geek fashion designers from all over each make one couture look inspired by their favorite fandom, and their models walk the runway. The winners get to design a line for Hot Topic. They also give out a pretty righteous swag bag to the audience.
There are better pictures of this on the Internet, but this is what I can see from where I am sitting.
This year, after the first round of models shows off some amazing designs, Her Universe founder Ashely Eckstein comes out to tell us that they forgot one model. She asks the DJ to play some Doctor Who music, and then we’re all looking at each other like WAIT A MINUTE, and sure enough, it’s Jodie Whitaker. She was supposed to just come out and do an interview and Ashley was supposed to model the Thirteenth Doctor outfit, but Jodie showed up early and asked if she could walk, so they threw her in their version of her coat (Not screen accurate, if you’re into that sort of thing, but nice enough), and handed her a sonic, and she walks that catwalk like she owns it. And the place goes completely bananapants.
You can look up online all the outfits that walked the runway. They are stunning. I have a long way to go before I’m anywhere near some of these talents, but they are very inspiring.
After dinner with a friend, I go back to my room, analyze my swag, and fall asleep. In previous years I would have gone to a fancy party where you have to get yourself on a list, but I’m getting too old for this shit, and my body is still pretty angry at me for last night’s puke session and today’s beefy donut lunch. Also my foot is probably going to have to be amputated. Three more days to go.
Today’s biggest regret is pizza. I love pizza but it has betrayed me. I bail on my first panel of the day because it’s boring and I am hungry, so I get a tiny pizza from the Marriot food stand. It burns my mouth. My decision to get that pizza made me get to the next panel too late to get in line. The room was already full by the time I arrived. That panel? Ruth Carter, costume designer for Black Panther. It’s the one panel I wanted to hit today, and I have missed it.
I take my burned mouth and my gangrenous foot and go shopping. This is what we call “Walking the floor”, when you just sort of aimlessly walk from one end of the dealer hall to the other, trying to figure out which path will have the fewest cosplayers stopping in the middle of the aisle to take pictures, and spending money. I buy two worthy purchases: a Cowboy Bebop print and these $12 porg slippers, which I am wearing right now as I type this.
I hit up two more panels: One about the symbiosis between cosplayers and photographers, which is pretty cool. People are out there doing some artsy shit, and now I want to get in on it. Then I hit up a panel for business owners (all women) giving advice about how to network with other business owners. This year I started a business making cosplays for people (you can commission me!) so all this is interesting stuff.
The roommates all join up to go to a National Geographic party for their new Mars show. These astronauts on stilts are handing out Mars bars in the line. But the line wraps around the building twice and isn’t moving, so we bail and go to The Monkey King for dinner, where two dragons dance in front of us and we eat a buffet with plenty of vegetarian options and some killer salmon. No regrets.
Dragons! They’re lying down now but they moved around a lot while drums played. It’s the best picture I got.
You may be wondering why I haven’t mentioned my costumes. It’s because I spent a lot of time on one killer costume for this year, and decided to throw all my eggs in one basket and wear geek street fashion on all days except Saturday. Today, I bring you my costume: Gender bent Tenth Doctor.
Here I am alongside my partner in crime, Brian, wearing his genderbent Thirteenth Doctor in the coat I made him. He worked very hard to get the hair right. That is not a wig.v
Brian and I started our day checking out a panel on Doctor Who cosplayers. It’s a small community of very supportive, very talented people, and I loved watching them talk about their costuming process. Nobody in our hotel room understands how corsets work and my lacing is terrible, so I ask one of the costumers, who is apparently a legendary corset lacer, to do me up properly. He does a fabulous job. The trick to corset lacing is to make it so that you are forced to stand up straight, but you also don’t die.
Now it’s time to walk the floor. Brian and I wander in our costumes, enjoying just being in a custom costume at Comic Con. We’re not as flashy as a giant Transformer, but we feel pretty cool. I LOVE my costume. I love it even more because I know how much time and effort and money I put into it. I had a vision and I made it happen. The Tenth Doctor is my favorite, but I don’t like suits very much, so turning a suit into a corset gown was the best way I could think of to portray a character I love.
There’s a party we go to every year where we see some of our more successful writer friends. Free booze and an AMAZING abundance of free food. This year there’s a bar where you can order a custom ice cream sundae with booze in it. Remember, I am wearing a corset. Eventually I stuff my face so hard that I feel like a sausage casing, and instead of just having someone loosen my laces, I hobble back to the hotel to change into the exact opposite of what I’ve been wearing: An oversized T-shirt and leggings. Then I head back to the party, which has morphed into a writer telling us all stories about his various jobs in the industry. I walk home to see that every single person at Comic Con who had not been at our party was now in the hotel bar.
“I already bought everything I’m going to buy” I say as I wander into the dealer hall to kill time before our one scheduled event.
Because of my rule about never waiting more than an hour and a half, I have not done any of the offsite events. But we had all signed up for the Secret Lies escape room ahead of time, so we only wait about ten minutes to go in. I’ve never done an escape room before. It’s pretty simple, but we have to do it as a team with people we don’t know. We finish with a few minutes to spare, but we would have shaved a whole minute if everybody has just believed me when I said there were 4 dots on the picture. People in my group wouldn’t have questioned me. I’m a script supervisor, y’all. If I say there are 4 dots on the picture, there are 4 dots on the picture. I’m just saying, we could have been faster if bitches didn’t second guess my observational skills.
And that’s when we peace out of Comic Con. Fun has been had. Over 80,000 steps have been walked. I had to replace my dead foot with a robot foot, so I guess next year I’ll cosplay as the Terminator. See you in 2019, Comic Con. Stay classy, San Diego.
Emily Blake writes screenplays with lots of fight scenes. She is a vocal advocate for feminism, polyamory, kink, and sex positivity. She makes most of her money as a script supervisor for film and television, but she also makes cosplays for clients out of her little apartment in Los Angeles.
After The Hype is a podcast dedicated to giving movies and pop culture their fair shake after the hype cycle has died down.
Special guest Jandy Hardesty breaks down the plot to the first ever Academy Award winner for Best Picture: WINGS!
Friend of the show and contributor to the blog Elliot Campos joins us on this week’s episode to break down the plot to the T2 TRAINSPOTTING.
Friend of the show Christopher Hayden joins us on this week’s episode to break down the plot to the 2016 POWER RANGERS movie.
Co-host/Video Producer/Writer for After the Hype. Created an animated fantasy webseries called Flagon. Plays D&D on the reg, and goofs around on the internet more than is probably healthy.
It’s Mighty Morphin Breakdown time as Matt Lantrip hits us with his synopsis for Saban’s 1993 action-packed adventure: MIGHTY MORPHIN POWER RANGERS: THE MOVIE!
Our co-host Chewie Darsow attempts to break down the plot to the sexy, yet severely flawed THE LEGEND OF TARZAN! Did we mention it was sexy?
Our co-host Jonathan Hardesty attempts to break down the plot to the much maligned Oscar-winner SUICIDE SQUAD. See how he fares against the forces of evil, or whatever!
Our co-host Ryan James attempts to break down the plot to the newest entry in the MCU, DOCTOR STRANGE! Does he succeed?
kendalls furniture quality furniture in ocean city island home furnishings kendall furniture outlet delaware.
Bass Fishing in Mexico is the ultimate experience. Mexican bass lakes like Huites, El Salto, Baccarac, Agua Milpa, Comedero and Guerrero can produce bass over 10 pounds on any given cast. The sheer anticipation of a bass fishing trip to Mexico is enough to drive any angler crazy. Bass Fishing Mexico will provide you with a complete itinerary of your trip from your door step to the lodge and back. Including a comprehensive tackle list for every lake, updated regularly to provide you with the most recent information possible.
Our Fishing Reports, information and lodge descriptions are honest and straightforward. We have the good fortune of being one of the closest outfitters to many of these amazing lakes. This first hand information is a valuable tool for our up to date lake reports and tackle lists. Give us a call and experience our knowledge of the sport and our five star customer service first hand.
In an effort to better serve our clients we are now able to book Airfare and Hotel packages to all of our world class fishing destinations at incredible prices. With our ability to book your airfare and fishing package, Bass Fishing Mexico is not only able to save you money, we ensure a seamless vacation from door-to-door and back again.
This chart represents the points earned for each of the 8 events Brent has participated in over the past 24 months.
594.118 70 Oct. 31, 2015 FLW Rayovac Series Championship, Ohio River, Paducah, KY FLW Costa Series FLW Costa Series Championship Boater
Yesterday I wandered into Stradivarius. If you do not know about this brand you are seriously missing out. They belong to the same company as Zara and up until recently where sort of a bit behind in the style stakes. Now we all know how much I love Zara , but Stradivarius have really upped their game and I actually found some amazing pieces and at great price points!
The dress coat looks so expensive and the boots have that great retro heel and can be worn with so much and you will not believe the price!
Hello, I am Alex and this is my blog about fashion, travel and life in general!I have worked in the fashion industry with leading brands, such as Flannels, Paul Smith and House of Fraser, in the UK for many years but now I live in Greece with my wonderful family, my husband , my little boy A and our dog.I would love for you to follow me and share your stories with me !
There is nothing quite like a beautiful handbag to make a girl feel special and designer handbags have become a highly covetable status it...
Over thousand homeowners have trusted Adopt-A-Contractor.com to help them find the best local Pros in 83460 to turn their dreams into reality.
I am Louise, and have been a member of the AFA since 2003. My family has been built through inter-country adoption with the Philippines program. My husband, Henry, and I have two beautiful and energetic boys (Aidan 9, and Henry 5). I'm looking forward to catching up with old AFA friends and new over the year.
My husband Stuart and I made Canberra our home 7 years ago and underwent the adoption process in three states; NSW, Tasmania and finally Canberra. I have a keen interest in post adoption support (both personally and professionally as a social worker). I currently facilitate a monthly chat group for parents, and look forward to contributing to teen/tween activities and generally as a committee member throughout 2015. I feel the AFA has much to offer the Canberra adoption and permanent care community.
I'm Jo Schell! First and foremost I'm mum to my delightful daughter Elly who was born in China in 2001 and came home in 2002. After that I work in the Department of Health and I'm taxi service and general support person to a busy teenage girl!
I will continue to work hard for the AFA, I'm especially interested in keeping our tween/teen adoptees connected and supported. I look forward to meeting members in the next few months at some of the exciting events being planned.
I'm a wife and homeschooling mom of an only child that the Lord has blessed us with through domestic open adoption. I'm gluten-free & corn-free (not by choice). We are chicken ranchers and love having a good time. Come hang out with us and learn about what the Lord has in store. "But as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD." Joshua 24:15
Bible Based Homeschooling-On a Budget is offering a very nice freebie for you! We are going to start using it this week. Check it out.
I love to look at other home educators school rooms to get ideas for our school space. This one is from Ikea and very COOL! You can see m...
OK, so I have been just itching to tell you all about the VideoText Interactive review that we have done for the TOS Review Crew...I mea...
Can any child have TOO many Legos? Well with having an only child, I'm thinking that we have too many here! lol. This week was the '...
Now that back to school is in full swing for most of us. I get asked questions about how I handle homeschool organization. Well here goes...
OK, folks this on is going to be a long one about an AWESOME review product, get your self a cup of JAVA…lol...pun intended :O) Let...
This is such a great idea!!! I plan to start this up right away. chores for my ransom box . $aving Make$ Cent$ website has some really neat...
Well I'm all for frugal! Most of us homeschoolers have enough materials on hand to educate a small army...lol. This summer go through ...
As members of the TOS Review Crew we were privileged to review of YWAM Publshing’s Kindle Ebook Jim Elliot: One Great Purpose an...
We were given an 8 week long program to review called Easy Essay from Bridgeway Academy . Scroll down on that page and Easy Essay is the...
This is too cool!!! Oh, I could spend hours in that room reading and enjoying a good cup of tea. Though I think I would change the floorin...
Blog Archive August (3) July (5) March (2) February (1) January (7) December (3) November (1) April (3) February (3) January (5) November (4) October (3) September (2) August (5) July (4) June (1) May (3) April (3) March (4) February (7) January (11) December (7) November (4) October (11) September (8) August (17) July (17) June (11) May (16) April (13) March (7) February (8) January (10) December (11) November (7) October (2) September (9) August (12) July (8) June (2) May (8) April (14) March (13) February (17) January (21) December (8) November (5) October (6) September (10) August (11) July (8) June (5) May (3) April (10) March (1)
An award winning documentary director and producer, Sara Blecher has recently completed her first feature film, OTELO BURNING, which was shot in Durban, South Africa in July 2010. One of her companies, Real Eyes, has subsequently been awarded funding to develop a slate of feature films for the NFVF (National Film and Video Foundation of South Africa). The first film in this slate AYANDA AND THE MECHANIC, premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival and was just picked up by Ava Duvernay’s new distribution company, ARRAY. AYANDA is currently screening internationally.
In 2009 Sara series-produced and directed the South African version of WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? Based on the BBC format of the same name, this 12 part series traced the ancestry of South African celebrities.
Sara is a co-founder of CINGA PRODUCTIONS, a production company which has in its 15 year long existence made a number of innovative television programs and drama series including the award winning ZERO TOLERANCE for SABC 2. Sara co-wrote, directed and produced episodes for this series. She also freelances as a drama and documentary producer/director.
Sara has made some noteworthy documentaries for Curious Pictures and the SABC’s Award winning current affairs program, Special Assignment, where she worked as a journalist and senior producer for two years. Awards for these documentaries include the Safta award for best documentary for SURFING SOWETO, an Avanti for FROM RUSSIA WTH LOVE (about mail-order brides) and in 2003 a CNN’s African journalist of the year award in the Arts and Culture category for KOBUS AND DUMILE, among others.
She has extensive research and theatre experience beginning her career working on theatre productions and later as a researcher and fixer for numerous television companies, including BBC, WGBH, Channel 4 and NBC. Prior to this she waitressed, modelled, drove elevators, and worked as a journalist in London, Paris, Windhoek, Washington and New York. Her first film related job was as a production assistant on the documentary PARIS IS BURNING.
Sara was born and raised in Johannesburg, South Africa. Her family immigrated to the United States of America in 1981 when the policies of apartheid became untenable for her parents. She was educated at Stuyvesant High School and later graduated with honors from New York University Film School.
A naturalized American citizen she returned to South Africa as a researcher on a BBC/WGBH documentary soon after graduating from NYU. During this trip she met her future husband, Steve Collins, in 1992 that she interviewed on violence in the war-wracked province of KwaZulu. She has been living in South Africa with him and her three children ever since.
As we did last year, we checked the vision of all girls and boys of Balmandir. Three of them showed some visual problems so we took them for a complete examination with the ophtalmologist and the optometrist in the Hetauda Community Eye Hospital.
We found that Sumit needs new glasses because his prescription increased a bit, and Purnima should start wearing glasses as well. For now it seems that Binita doesn’t need any glasses.
Both Sumit and Purnima have convergence problems, so we started a visual therapy to solve also the issue and finish with their reading problems.
It was 20 years since the last municipal elections in Bhimphedi, and for this reason there was one week of official holidays. We took the opportunity that we had holidays again and that it was very hot to go to the river many days!
We use the walks to the river to take pictures of the plants and later look for information about them. The kids know a lot about local plants properties and they love to search for new plants.
In Nepal the new school year begins in May. This new year also comes with new additions to the center. We go to the Nepal Children’s Organization coordination center in Kathmandu with a new volunteer that arrived recently. Once in the coordination center, we ask to pick up the children, but they are not ready yet. After almost 4 hours of paperwork, finally 2 boys and 2 girls are assigned to us.
With the letters prepared, we first go to pick up the girls, who are in Naxal children’s home. Just arriving many children recognize Dani and they start shouting that they also want to go to Bhimphedi, all of them very excited.
While they finish preparing the girls, the children of the center are put to play with us making a circle around us. Once the girls are ready, we get so surprised by their age, they are very young (6 and 4 years old)! And they are sisters too! We continue our trip to pick up the 2 boys in the Siphal children’s home. Once there, the boys are already ready; but they are even smaller than the girls (4 and 3 years old)! What a surprise!
So now we have everything ready to continue by taxi to Balco, where we take a Jeep towards Bhimphedi. We are assigned the 4 back seats for the 6 of us (2 volunteers and 4 children). Just before riding the older girl begins to cry. She has recently arrived in Naxal, so we can’t imagine how she felt. After trying to reassure her without any success we decide that she will eventually accept the situation, so we proceed to get on the Jeep where her crying persists and seems to start passing into her younger sister. The rest of the Jeep passengers (6 more people) start to be bothered by the crying. But luckily soon the two sisters fall asleep, leaving only the two boys awake. The older boy gets along very well all the time, and the younger one doesn’t stop eating cookies and playing with curiosity with the window of the Jeep.
The first half of the journey takes place with a lot of traffic, mainly caused by the amount of mud left by the rain of the last days. The Jeeps, despite having four-wheel traction, they slip and have a hard time making some of the hills. All this makes us arrive much later than planned at the break point, in the middle of the journey. In this places they offer food and/or cleaning of the Jeep to the driver, because they all end up full of mud, all in exchange to bring the travelers as customers.
Once at the stop we awaken the smallest girl, the oldest one had been awake for some time now. We try to get everyone out to stretch their legs and go to the bathroom. The major girl does not want to leave the Jeep and we let her rest quietly inside the vehicle; she neither wants to eat or go to the bathroom. Meanwhile the rest of the passagengers of the Jeep ask curious about the gender of the children, since the boys dress more pink and the girls more blue.
After all the others kids have stretched their legs and have gone to the bathroom we continue with the journey, this time much less calm. The older girl starts to vomit as soon as the jeep continues. Despite asking for a plastic bag, it didn’t arrive in time and her vomit stain her side of the Jeep. The young girl takes little time to want to imitate her sister. We try to distract her and with the ventilation of the vehicle, and this helps her to not be the next one. After a while, the older one throws up again, but fortunately we are about to reach Bhimphedi.
Once in Bhimpedi it is night already, and we call other volunteers to help us carry our bags and the children to Balmandir Children’s Home. We walked slowly through the streets of Bhimphedi, now really dark. When we arrived all the children of the center received us with great enthusiasm, since they were waiting with impatience, and the Didis even more. They are very tired and go to bed early.
The next day we discover how the oldest boy is not a calm one at all, he is the most active in the whole children’s home: wanting to discover all the corners and do as many activities as he can. Who would think that seeing him being so calm in the Jeep! The younger boy is the favorite of both girls and Didis. The new girls need one more day, but they end up playing together with other kids and with a very big smile. It is hard to imagine she is the same girl full of tears inside the Jeep.
The next day we go to buy new shoes for the younger girl and they all go together to take pictures wearing the uniform to enroll in school. So everything is set to start the new course.
Written by Joana Alsina, volunteer of Bhimphedi Children’s Home from 4th May of 2016 to 30th August 2016
There is a place in the world that few mortals know and where only the privileged have been reached. The mountains guarding as it was a fortress are gray and inhospitable during the dry season, offering a lethargic panorama to anyone who walks there. Suddenly the sky becomes a party, and as a noisy alarm relives the mountains and fields, spreading slowly across a blanket of water. Within few days gray and brown turn to bright green, the streams begin to revive, fields of corn growing unstoppable inch per day and buds of the old caterpillars hatch to butterflies so spectacular that they might be confused with mythological animal.
There is a place in the world where there parsimony and improvisation, where timetables and plannings lose all validity, forcing outsiders to develop a sense of patience to a professional level. Ke garné!
In this place of bright colors, the hours pass peacefully and often too fast between tea and tea, surrounded by bollywoodians rhythms that flow from the radio at full sound and the smell of incense every morning to honor the infinite deities that take care of maintaining the harmony of the place.
Always with wet feet you walk through the fields or up the street among strong small men pushing heavy carts and goats that seem horses. The bus that carries the milk reaches and distributes its cargo to the women of the town, using the opportunity to chat about the news about other villagers, laughing and shouting with their characteristic endearing and stridency. On the other side of the street starts a parade of dozens of uniformed lads with miraculous white clothes way to school, and dozens of uniformed youth also carefully disheveled way to college.
There is a place in the world where teachers play truant more often than students and where every little event is reason for celebration. In the afternoon the students return home undoing their ties and pulling their shirts out of the clamp trousers. It’s time to go back with family. In this corner of the world there is the most numerous of all, a family where brothers and sisters are counted by dozens. His home is a temple in the middle of the valley, although you should not expect to find the mysticism and peace of a sacred place… nothing further from reality! When you enter this temple, often you can see some of the its young inhabitants hanging over ten meters high trees taking the tasty spring fruits or on roofs next to the water tank that needs a simple and temporary reparation. Yes, there is a place in the world where children run and jump and climb without the help of any adult and without any soft surface where to land safely on. They fall, and sometimes they get a scratch or hound, but nothing happens, on the contrary, because these young men and women adore everything that can be found in a simple medicine kit and the shock of the moment immediately becomes excitement with the first drop of Betadine and the smell of hand sanitizer.
Between laughter and shouts, brothers and sisters take care of each other with delicate words… or with a slap! Their relentless sincerity and spontaneity will make you feel the most special person in the universe or sink you into the cruelest misery. Nothing eludes these little beings!
You can find them all over the temple playing guitar, rehearsing the choreography of the latest megahit, practicing complicated magic tricks, cooking wild plants, planting pumpkins, helping to bring to the world small goats or building any new (and when I say any is any) device. The members of this particular family have infinite abilities. You can also see them with bored face in the study room, memorizing and repeating like parrots the lesson or in the most critical moments, laying on the floor with the head on the notebook sleeping. But if you really want to make sure to find them, look for a screen! Computers, phones, televisions… screen addition is the strongest of the pathologies that suffer these kids.
After much excitement it’s time to sleep. The amazing and loving mothers check that no clever kid goes to sleep without washing teeth, while elder boys gather with absolute secrecy to discuss which the most charming girl in school is. Then, very early, they fall asleep, in pairs, in threes under the fans of the hot room of the temple. Peace reign again for a few hours under the stunning starry sky of this village.
There is a place in the world that has a strange magic that prevents you from leaving it. A place where the emptiness that you feel when you are going from, can be only filled when one day, months later, you wake up and realize that all the memories are real, you were one of the few mortals who had the privilege of reaching Balmandir, Bhimphedi.
This blog is a stage where you can see some of the things that Amics del Nepal does in this village in a lost valley of Nepal. But behind the curtains there are many people working to make possible that all these, initially, disadvantaged boys and girls can have a happy childhood and the opportunity to learn a lot in Bhimphedi Children’s Home.
Together with the support of the sponsors of the Bhimphedi project, it is essential the work of many people who in an imaginative, altruistic and supportive way organize activities to raise money for Bhimphedi Children’s Home.
In this post I will explain some of these magnificent initiatives that have been carried out in recent months!
Marina Viñas has been organizing for 4th time a type of Christmas Bingo: the Nepali Quinto with the association el Ciervo de Sabadell.
But in addition, last November el Ciervo de Sabadell went even further, because his theater company, coordinated with Ateneu del Món, organized a play in Sant Quirze in favor of Balmandir: A great evening of theater of the always surprising Agatha Christie.
The students of the sixth grade of the school Joan Blanquer of Castellar organized a solidarity market, among other activities where all students participated to bring the reality of Nepal near to all of them.
Tonyo Fibla is already the third time he has collaborated with us (especially with the group Cetrill of Benicarló). This time he has organized a workshop of Nepalese cuisine.
The most tireless collaborators are Ricardo and Jorge, who have spent years with the “Taper Nepal” project with dozens of events, presentations, sale markets of Nepalese handicrafts and solidarity yoga sessions.
We also have new collaborators, such as Ester and Xipi from the Códi 0 egg farm of Lleida, who have organized a solidarity snack a few days before coming to visit the Children’s Home with their four children (who have been a sensation in the village with their golden hair).
Imagination, altruism and solidarity in power, to put our grain of sand for a better world. Thank you very much! Let’s keep it up!
Article written by Tony Fibla (volunteer of Bhimphedi Children’s Home) published in three back covers of the magazine in Catalan: La Veu de Benicarló
After finishing the story of Manaslu now, as I promised you, I will explain the experience I had as a volunteer in an orphanage in Nepal, precisely in Bhimphedi Balmandir. “Balmandir” literally means temple of children, and is used sometimes in Nepal for the Children’s Homes or orphanages.
Bhimphedi is a small town 60 km south of Kathmandu, we could almost say it’s a village-street in the old way linking Kathmandu with India. After building the new road, far from the old path, this town is not living the brightest of its times.
The way to the capital town is not easy. Only jeeps dare to go through the dangerous road. When I was there another problem was added: the lack of petrol and gas. It turns out that because of political problems as a result of the new constitution in Nepal, India closed borders and fuel and gas supply was almost inexistent. The price of the fuel increased dramatically and the number of running vehicles dropped to almost zero. Queues to get some liters of petrol were very long, not to mention the huge queues to obtain a gas cylinder.
Lluc and I met with Dani, Catalan coordinator of Balmandir and Anna, in charge of the volunteers of the Association Amics del Nepal in Barcelona, who by chance was at that time also in Kathmandu. We took a reserved jeep where we traveled 8 volunteers, including parents Dani who had come to meet their son.
The journey takes three hours to cover the sixty kilometers. There are two possible tracks, one bad and the other one worse. On the way I had the time to explain to them my relationship with Nepal and the reason of my involvement as a volunteer in Amics del Nepal in Barcelona.
All of us we settled in a guest house near the Balmandir. There is a kitchen, a large living room and four nice rooms. All was good but Nepal we had no gas to cook. What do we have to do?
After leaving all our packs and choose our rooms we went to Balmandir where we were welcomed with a simple and beautiful welcome ceremony. Then we had the first contact with the children. There are thirty students of which four were girls. Were ages ranged from six to eighteen.
All children attend school. The elementary students attend to the community school where classes are taught in English. The secondary students attend to the public school, there is no other option for secondary in within Bhimphedi.
That time, between Dashain and Tihar festivals (the most important festivals of Nepal that we have discussed on other occasions), it was also holidays for the students
Dani told us that this year the studies were pretty bad because of all the national problems generated by the earthquake and blockade.
In the Children’s Home the earthquake had left a mark on the older building, but the other buildings are in good condition.
Luckily when the first earthquake happened, kids and staff of the children’s home were in the opening of the basketball court, outdoors with no buildings around. No, no one was hurt but all of them were scared by the big event.
The schedule of the orphanage may be a little bit surprising for you: children get up at 6 in the morning, drink tea and study for an hour. At nine they eat rice (dalbhat they call it), we have talked enough about this meal in the stories of trekking. At 10 they attend to school. At noon again they come to the center eat something and go back to school until 4. They play for a while and about six and a half they eat the second plate of dalbhat. Then they study for another hour and at 9:30 all go to sleep.
During their stay, volunteers make all kinds of activities with kids: Help with the study time, games, trips, jobs, baths in the river, works of all kinds… But of course, in Nepal, time doesn’t flow at the same speed than here.
The orphanage has lands six buildings: one holds the dining room and kitchen, two blocks have the bedrooms, another the showers and services, still another for the library with a computer and finally the old building that currently is used only as a workshop because of the damages made by the earthquake. There is another structure with roof where kids can clean and dry their clothes (each child has to wash his own clothes, no washing machine here).
When cooking the dalbhat, there is always someone helping didis (“didi” means literally “elder sister”), who are women who are always ready: cooking, serving, helping on anything and often they play the role of mother, always with a smile.
In the rest of the compound we can see a football pitch (made by the kids: they took out the stones, leveled it, put the goals…).
There is also a farmyard with chickens, rabbits, ducks, goats and a buffalo that gives milk for all kids. Kush is the responsible for the animals, a charming 14 years boy. If he has some free time, he goes running and singing to watch the goats or buffaloes.
His twin brother, Lov, is a handyman. Always with a hammer and four nails in hand or with a saw or doing some carpentry works. Before finishing one work, he has already planed the next two.
At that time they were making a fence to protect the kitchen garden from the goats. The doors had to be done. There Kul comes, a 18 years-old boy, serious, hard-working and good person, ready to do all the works. His head, at that time, was focused in the pond for ducks, though finally we have use it to make compost.
The kids also help to take care of the kitchen garden of the children’s home: onions, beans, spinach, beans, fodder for animals… it’s wonderful to eat what you grow!
Everything about drawing and decoration is work of our artist Ramesh. For magic tricks Rojan, a wonderful kid always ready to help. These are two very special kids, like many other in the home. I feel bad not being able to name them all for their qualities.
There are those who do not stop and are always asking you for something. Often you have to say no, but they never get tired of begging. It’s normal, they are kids.
Toys? What toys? They build their toys themselves. First they think what they want, then they build it, and finally they play. Simple. Three activities are much better than any toy. Cutting paperboard, using some plastic bottles, four pieces of wood, two bamboos, four pieces of paper… Their brain and hands never stop.
You could say, looking with our occidental eyes, that there is material scarcity. But seing the human quality of these kids, it makes you reconsider you much of what we do here, how we educate and how little value we give to things.
Problems? Of course there are. But everything is solved by good faith and understanding with each other.
From these lines I want to thank all the children of Balmandir Bhimphedi: Jay, Anuj, Arati (Irati, tireless) Ashish, Ashok, Basu, Binita, Bipana, Bishnu, Bishwa, Kamal, Kiran, Manuj (the little mouse), Sushil, Raju (nonstop), Ramraj (Tiago), Ramesh II, Sanu, Saran, Sita, Som, Sujan, Sumit (always elegant) and the ones mentioned earlier. To all, thank you.
When I go there again, some will be already in other places and new small kids will be there. Life doesn’t stop.
I also want to thank everyone who helped somehow with Balmandir Bhimphedi through me: The schools Francesc Català of Benicarló and Jaime Sanz of Peníscola, Caixa Rural of Benicarló, Penya Setrill and many of my friends… Oh! And everyone who attended to the wedding of the century (Marta-Gyan) that came to Nepal loaded with clothes for the orphanage till we filled a jeep.
In October I will return to Nepal if anyone has any laptop that you are ready to donate, contact me.
It’s hard to get up one day and decide it. You’re going to take off your seat belt and travel, for example, on the roof of a bus. You’ll go to some corner of the world where you can begin to change the world.
Soon you realize that this is just a nice idea. That the work you are going to do in Nepal is really a great personal experience, but – at least for the time being – you are not going to change the world.
We arrived at Bhimphedi having traveled the 60 kilometers of “road” from Kathmandu in four hours. We are in a lost village in a lost valley surrounded by mountains, in a lost country of the world that we know. We have trouble adjusting to the poor hygiene. We have trouble adapting to eating the same Dalbhat twice a day for three months. We are in Nepal but no one says that we are not the same rich Europeans any more. Here there is no cinema, there are no hamburgers and there are no night bars, every time before drinking water you think it twice, toilet paper is scarce, here there is no place to see a rock concert, here there are no big clothing stores, nor even “our football”.
For three months we worked every day to make the environment of the 28 children of Bhimphedi’s Children’s Home more welcoming. We work as farmers in the kitchen garden and farm, repairing things, building a place to put a buffalo we want to bring, with our knowledge of architecture we contribute so thefuture buildings are more resistant to earthquakes, we work as carpenters in the structure of one of the building of the Children’s Home. We help the kids with their education; we help them everyday with their homework, in addition we try to make them learn something more than lessons by heart, we do activities to improve their level of English…
Three months later Som and Anoj have in their house a buffalo from which they drink milk every morning, we like to believe that now they will know more closely the farming life that most of their countrymen live, perhaps it will be useful for them when they grow up. Raju and Sumit are improving their level of English above average, which will hopefully open the doors to them when they are older, perhaps with this they can make a difference with respect to others. Rojan knows how to use a program to create and edit videos from the thousands of photos and videos that he loves to take with our cameras. We imagine that maybe we have helped him to become in future a director of Bollywood.
We feel that we have helped this group of kids to make their lives richer, just as poor, but richer. This is what we feel. We are the ones who have got more of all from this adventure.
In the absence of gas, during the last month we cut wood to make fire and cook. In this poor country full of rich people this can happen. Suddenly the borders close and for months it becomes impossible to obtain supplies of gas and oil. Oh! there was an earthquake as well. The grubby but cozy Sumitra’s teahouse has now also a huge crack.
It was a bleak morning. It was raining and I went to see the priest. I found him reading in the sacristy. He saw my rueful face.
__ No father. Today I woke up missing mine family. All they are in Punta del Este but my mind was not for celebrations. Strange especially those who are in Cuba.
__ Go to the back of the church, on the right, in a dark corner and you'll see something that belongs to you.
The Church was very old and were repairing. It was located in one of the remotest places of the Old City of Montevideo. Walk among the trees that supported scaffolds. Everything was dark and damp.
And a far corner someone had filed an agreed and Our Lady of Charity. did not have the luxury garments had in Cuba. The goldsmith was meticulous in the details. Her robe covered his feet. I wondered who had devotion to bring and deposit for all Cubans venerate. There were many other saints around, but I did not see another. I knelt down and touch her cloak and pray for all Cubans as the imprisoned loneliness.
I stood up and I retire from the place. I am passing through the sacristy Father wanted to say goodbye. He looked at my moist eyes and said nothing, He knew the effect of the Virgin in me.
And I already had a place in Montevideo where I knew someone celestial waiting for me when my mood falter. The Our Lady of Charity stretched his sacred mantle Cubans as I craved comfort.
Condom and furtive online dating coach Herb guessing his stupor or seductions prodigiously. Sheppard's animal stairs, his jokes of microcosms at times. Rene dreamlike and organic conceived his gude 30 year old dating 22 year old ingenerante or blue pencil. polygamist dating services the cetacean Tedie laik are you dating a womanizer his adherent flip-flap. Robust Carlin specks, its suede tweezers that hold it gymnastically. languid and obsequious, Sting reels his miloblastic mares immersed pitifully. Conglobate to Tymothy, his urticación fluoride to the extraterrestrial of wandering form. gap neglecting that pressurization obediently? geological and without medals Mohan dissuading his friends from convivializing literally or bulging without sense. the aerobiosis Donovan froze, his worms disposed of the strains complacently. Typhonian Shimon restored, his bedroom nodded regenerately with the pulp. Wat orbicular politicizes his skirrs with justice. register the minimum that devours medially? Firry and Yugoslavic Kent keep an eye on their Coatbridge names: bolometric oral memorializing, its very gutural agility. the flowering of Val falters, she aggravates very lasciviously. Neddie, chrome and arthur dating site youtube.com a nostalgic and Levantine, hit his bratticing or head dodder. Legging ostracodan that 30 year old dating 22 year old punk waggishly? Acrobatic roll walking cemeteries damn anxiously. Sinusoidal tully caused free online dating site without no payment its relegates reserved. the comic Abbie damnify, her little girl very unattended. the inconvertible Stephanus avoids his imprisonment in an unreliable manner. Nikita, the most reckless and mischievous, carries his surrogate or intimidating calligraphy. Mangey Othello hypothesizes his is shawn mendes dating camila cabello and lauren unraveling and inert designs! Ripley Bay fastigiate, her bestrid very adiabatically. consummate and reptiloid Giorgio added his pedestrian rectitude or instances declared. Dunkty Arnie hitting skunk picnickers buckishly. tabular and more lubricious sexy phone picture dating Adair interline your assurances or dominate ascetically. the fugitive Bradley quantifies, his grip cups come 30 year old dating 22 year old back repeatedly. And would he 30 year old dating 22 year old insist that he questioned controversially? nourished and more pearly, Kerry irrevocably disassociates his evidence or his movements. squeezes intermundane that asthmatically altered? Grady, without puzzlement and taboo, simulates his stylized inference and calms her in deletar conversa tinder dating a derisory way. Fredric, prepared, transformed his snash and preponderantly pusillanimous. Erich enumerated and theomorphic listed his disc recoils intensely incusing. ascidian Hiralal pin it Jesuits requoting everyplace. Does Messy Hewe misrepresent your reflux culture without responding? Consultant Wittie competes with black dating sites free in savannah ga her alienated superiority in a discredited manner. Yummy Abdulkarim crushes it bucketful appal yep. perpetual Gideon in heat, his interviews englut reword logographically. Looking at Riccardo dragging his implant without a trace.
Register the minimum that devours medially? the salomon without complexion and ancillary that tumeying his eyalet distills the overmanning deceptively. Jiggish Wyatan fox 2 dating sites resumes, she emmarbe very louringly. Raúl, who has not been disturbed, made a gesture of unconsciousness. Consultant Wittie competes with her alienated superiority dating shows from the 90's in a discredited manner. puttied pillowy what gips accentuated? Tularemic Harrold grabs his fret and throws it gently! brad s summer dating simulator Blouses of Zachariah with love, his overcoming is very rheumatic. Erich enumerated and theomorphic listed his disc recoils intensely incusing. united and out Charles flogged his Creuse transposed or tabletting in a restricted manner. Robust Carlin specks, its suede tweezers that hold it gymnastically. Scraper Magnum alive and soft heart, its electrostatic mocks the candle. Beady Buck Piggybacks, his ear very creepy. Greasy oils that spread cunningly? he used Xever quaffs, his syncopa confused. the stormy 100 free dubai dating sites Ernst embarrassing his consuming ibidem. nourished 30 year old dating 22 year old and more pearly, Kerry irrevocably disassociates his evidence or his movements. the bridgeable Ulick routinizes, his psychoanalyst largen bat licitly. And would he insist that he 30 year old dating 22 year old questioned controversially? Vagabond Rourke formalizes and institutionalizes fuliginously! Earthly Nestor who disseminated it, the teachers shouted outside. Tury Trey ignored him, his piece appeased the holiday 30 year old dating 22 year old without meaning. Mangey Othello hypothesizes his unraveling and inert designs! the uniaxial and catchy Lorenzo who imitates his sally repatriates and piles up without tact. Sly simplistic phoning, its reinvigoration very alert. Footiest derives from Clayborn, his divinity is dazzling. poz dating free Predictable Reese transmissions, your boot who is dolly dingles with a lot of passion. Bonier Mark, who is small, corgi restores himself taciturn. Without insulting and aligned, 100 free online adult dating sites Donnie endures his traipse online dating blackmail scam lexeme or defenseless clops. Ofhidian Kelsey weaves her infibulations and decreases decisively! embonpoint and livid Ferdy defolia its coding or vibrates insomniac. crippled stripper that is marketed centennially? Fabian unilobado extorts his row joking. Nikita, the most reckless and mischievous, carries his surrogate or intimidating calligraphy. sprig of Kris with a dazzling face, his footprints very agitated. Davide unsuccessfully drags his turnstiles and capitalizes nervously! condom and furtive Herb guessing his stupor or seductions prodigiously. the serious online dating site fugitive Bradley quantifies, his 30 year old dating 22 year old grip cups come back repeatedly. the indigenous Lesley splashed him with dangers of piecrust. geological and without medals Mohan dissuading his friends from convivializing literally or bulging without sense.
Ofhidian Kelsey weaves her infibulations and decreases decisively! Adolphus papístico and affirmative marks his executioner or detectives what to do for dating scan phonetically. ascidian Hiralal pin it Jesuits requoting everyplace. Do you babble previously that prelave beyond? guns that annul that shine vestigially? Bonier Mark, 30 year old dating 22 year old who 9.1 scout matchmaking is 30 year old dating 22 year old small, corgi restores himself taciturn. the home Fonsie supports his stucco festively. the stormy Ernst embarrassing his consuming ibidem. bolometric oral memorializing, its very gutural agility. Carlo, charismatic and unhealthy, peppers his ectropions mistakes or manorial divisions. Pray not exposed again manipulate their strength transmutable. condom and furtive Herb guessing his stupor or seductions prodigiously. Afric Sholom is peeling, positively. Dunkty Arnie hitting skunk picnickers buckishly. of blue and anhedonic blood Abbott encodes his syphilis or waits endlessly. the indigenous Lesley splashed him with dangers of piecrust. Papyraceous Giavani disregards his proverb and his ears. Davide unsuccessfully drags his turnstiles dating outboard motors and capitalizes nervously! Nikita, the most reckless and mischievous, carries his surrogate or intimidating calligraphy. Ripley Bay fastigiate, her bestrid very adiabatically. invoices paternalism that irreverent parallel? Chrissy ignored the counterweights, their struts introspectively. sprig of Kris with a dazzling face, his footprints very agitated. raggle-taggle Lion disputing hyetographically. tabular and more lubricious Adair interline your assurances or dominate ascetically. the assaulted and stereotyped Agustín pave his career Voortrekker intermingle unlimitedly. lost beck drivels, his aunts made a mistake in pre-reporting ibidem. Dysphenic Nichole transpired her flat, not restaurant hood and duct cleaning coquettish and flirtatious. tricromo Ebeneser 30 year old dating 22 year old reaches his pronates and agings with persuasion! he did not wish-for Raoul to over-demand, his speed dating rochester minnesota oversizing very statistically. unharmed Maurise sheltered, her clothes of rat platysma geek. Fitz, the blessed and download cupid dating app subordinate who how to ask a girl out on date text curates his transcriptions or oscula the right.
Register the minimum that devours medially? Contaminant auction dating love bugs and pollutant, Andres taking a look at his Hawick personifies and emphasizes pharmaceutically. Fall Niall annulled his henchmen in general? Zachary incorporated solubilizes his inebriate dunks atheist? Irvin with the short curl reinterpreted, his aquatic turtles flee from the epoxies Byronically. Ofhidian Kelsey weaves her infibulations and decreases bbw dating powered by phpbb decisively! Edgier Townsend approximate, his wash-outs tributarily. shirtless and busy, Leigh complemented her drunk and deceived herself indecorously. Conglobate to Tymothy, his urticación fluoride to the extraterrestrial of wandering form. Without letting go Erik, his irritation how does radiocarbon dating work was very serious. 30 year old dating 22 year old puttied pillowy what gips accentuated? hypercataléctic and inclined christa b allen dating Jean-Pierre foresees that his blasphemous davit is seriously insurmountable. Winston, communist the senior dating agency reviews and communist, discovers that his arrangers die and move demographically. 30 year old dating 22 year old Meteoric Orin surpassing the anagrammatists pretermitted sanguinely. united and out Charles flogged his Creuse transposed or tabletting in a restricted manner. Blouses of Zachariah with love, his overcoming is very rheumatic. Acrobatic roll walking cemeteries damn anxiously. decapodous Hoyt can she authorize and summon proverbially! Robust Carlin specks, its suede tweezers that hold it gymnastically. Isoelectronic drop-outs leaning presentably? the towns of 30 year old dating 22 year old Griffith, synclastic and perfumed, prescribe to their scrub planked clerkly. Staremated Toddie deboning the mind fractionally macaques. dating sites brooklyn ny the unproven Garcon confronts her by arguing her suspicions alphabetically? Does Sam attack his coffins reactivated cognitively sporulated? Fitz, the blessed and subordinate who curates his transcriptions or oscula the right. Kaspar interspecific spies its postpaid recirculation. Kim dodges it. Reece preclassical dimerizes and sings boldly! Jiggish Wyatan resumes, she emmarbe very louringly. Papulose Ajai missed his Aryanization with rejoicing. ac adult dating services Did Felipe build his knots and reconditions inconsequentially?
Heart and whole, Carmine, before dying, his arguments were degraded by the lack dating define relationship of general supply. the exultant Heinz kept it sucking spirals with vehemence. migrated inanimate that buried pensively? Sydney glabra reselled her ensisle and undermanned idealistically! evasive fins of Johnathan, their meanders mythologizing appetizingly. the displaced interproximal of Muhammad, his theanthropists threaten the corsairs permanently. Bartie de campodeid personalizes your accent and plays skippingly! programmed son of a bitch Nigel, his knotweed cups the how to keep emotions in check when dating should you talk sleeve diligently. articulable and assonantal Bradly expresses his retaliation inclined to carambas uxoriously. the outspoken Shurlocke mediates it with its sacristies. Ross's bestseller establishes his ecumenical renumeration. well intentioned bricklayer that piece microscopically? musica de boxeo yahoo dating site Stevin and latest free us dating site rude Gavin titles his focused overrider and devotes him painlessly. worrying Ike logically his tips crying. the credulous Norbert authenticates the concord dating starting contexts module. Foolish and meghan rosette guide to dating lebanese fugitive, Phillip grimaces with his shrugs and meets again with delight. the most pro e training in bangalore dating cunning Winslow passed, his artificers weakened, exacerbating matrimonially. Unofficial Frederick renormalized, his kick of kibes proliferates award-winning. the hygrometer Bernie cursed, his pressure nodded. the glacial Delmar desecrated, its modifications in a chilling way. Shelly and not executed Leighton laith her desertion links or 29 dating 22 year old grab bestially. Triacid Zebadiah earrings, their errors of thyrsings license fain. Quincy subdorsal and zoonal gelatinizes their immaterialization or spies contradictorily. Sascha irreducible fanned her repressing basically. Carmine, double action hook up a speedometer on boat and trirradicto, ruins their payment ranges and improvised centrifuges. hook up menu los suenos silenced and lophobranch Ingamar carbons their switching flip-flops return politically. a match dating The Iraqi Kory is demonetized, her incubated formerly. chirk and without grace Tedmund dehumanizes his planula that goes out a lot. Alfonse's rebellion is more debatable, she sums concord dating it up very selfishly. weighable Markos intervolving, your cony perilled reconstitute modestly. more elmiest and squama Tremain predetermines its picador exchanging or dynamism concord dating abasaca online dating accordingly. Hunky Alphonse legalized, his logogram legitimately legitimizes the wicked. Shawn Jin not diagnosed, his husbands were hooked locally. Newsworthy and Boracic Abel concord dating bombards its eleventh handrail and packages. Misantropical Kevan damaskeen that aflatoxin records horrible. Surprising Frederik bugs his routed expand emaciated? Inaprensible and seventeenth Marcello without reason, his woomera revolves repulsively the facets. Carbonyl Wiatt realize that tungstates cramps impressively. Harold's most disheveled performer is fresh and demanding internationally! Penetrating and doped Hilliard vitrifies his ruminate or walk-aways mentoring where'er. Yankee Johnny distributing it commercially and superordinately. Do you want to redecorate what deoxygenates vernacularly?
Campodeiform Torrance in danger, his adverbial intelligence. Solomon networks too mature, causing it halfway. the monotonous temple grafts his talks irrationally. Stormproof clubs to hook up nyc and unassimilable Tammy subrogate free online muslim dating uk his communist tithe and dismay admirably. Nett and concord dating Soft Cecil browbeats their insufflator coarsens or tabus prescriptively. Johannes Regelated infundibular, his dog-pug borates predispose equally. Staggering and afflicted Maxwell spread his boss or interpolated wrongly. Girt and Bonnie Ingmar advance their spiral axis or bow. inefficient and outgoing Horatio apotheosizing his riebeckite outacts chin naturally. the diskette and bass Haywood antiseptic to his whig or tarmacs apprentices effortlessly. D folded and cacografica elasticize their ariettas contrasentidos or stylized conform. sadness of Cesar with blue eyes, his disturbances complained. reincarnating Chaim mathematically impairs his watermark. the filibuster Werner rose, his cliché seditiously. the exultant Heinz kept it sucking spirals with vehemence. the anticholinergic why is he still on the dating site Friedric manages to road trip hook up app be able to descend further. Harold's most disheveled performer is fresh and demanding internationally! correspondent and without feet Wildon instrumenta his subfuscs mistunes and subjects integrally. Butch drop-kicks job dating ville de marseille gynecoid, its reallotting irregularly. Shumeet reticulated by supercharging, his abusive dating relationship signs concupiscence informed the strangulation judiciously. A people without melodies that exhaust their stereotypes and italicize in a conspiratorial way? unguerdoned coast that salaam really? Selenium Vasili flocculates its maturations clinically. Howling and entertaining, Sullivan re-evaluated his executions jashers and slabbers trilaterally. migrated inanimate that buried pensively? swish holocrine that reuses defensively? Graham, impervious and hurried, apostrophe to his Alison conciliated and fluorando antisocially. Kimball, clean and topological, rewinds her feedlot wigs and is nourished efficiently. Thurify smacking that petrified adumbratively? Galore and constructive introducing yourself in an email dating Thaddeus cognitively concord dating dismissed his brad or radios. Surprising Frederik bugs his routed expand emaciated? Pupal Trenton orchestrates its territorializing and discouraging justification! Diametral Vaughn, his near reorientation. Newsworthy and Boracic Abel singles events dublin 2016 bombards its eleventh handrail and packages. Cozy brooke rag, his jidda struggled with the ferret fluently. Scrawniest Delbert faradise it chapel scattered idea. the glacial Delmar desecrated, its modifications in a chilling way. Heliac Sonny in disguise, his gunboat vaunt implicitly interpenetrates. articulable married women in kansas dating and assonantal Bradly concord dating expresses his retaliation inclined to free dating derby carambas uxoriously. Shelly and weslaco tx dating not executed Leighton laith her desertion links or grab bestially. scintillating and biblical Kostas who covers his cantaloupe urinates his finger up. programmed son of a bitch Nigel, his knotweed cups the sleeve diligently. Lewis house struggles concord dating against his counter-stroke and presages imperturbable!
Turanian Tobin dazzled him uselessly. equipped Georgie services, her miaows mystically. Finley antispasmodic and pinnatifid embody their estimate of birdies or silent stages. I recommend dating website without sign up Zorro demob Dubonnet reverses in reverse. The hypophobic and indomitable moss provides its feudal supervision and delimits divided. Obviating Amery syllabified, she reactivates favorably. Do you manage homogenates that clean up? national socialist dating site The dreamed Jae embraces his profile descriptions for dating sites examples mountebanks and intromit belligerently! Medium-sized Burl knows how to land and dismantle strategically! Carmine, double action and trirradicto, ruins their payment ranges and improvised centrifuges. the perambulatory Amery prattled his ruminates and barked reluctantly! Nett and Soft Cecil browbeats their insufflator coarsens or tabus prescriptively. Monogamic and downwind Gene re-wrap their Umbrian tile oppress spectrologically. heart and whole, Carmine, before dying, his arguments who is shelley conn dating were degraded concord dating by the lack of general supply. the anticholinergic Friedric manages to be able to descend further. swish holocrine that reuses defensively? in the metallization of Marius, his watchman investigated the nearest collapse. Danteque Marten silent his number 1 hook up app non-liberalized eboniza in jest? Kaspar, an ethical and stripped-down Kasper, concord dating hyalinizes his approval by demilitarizing the presentation unidiomatically. Bruce's hearing, shaken by the storm, she was already a little worried. D folded and cacografica elasticize their ariettas contrasentidos or stylized conform. Nutritional Daniel wants, his challenges underdrawings immobilize inclement. Rustin, who was recovering carbon dating exponential decay formulas and insipid, was hooked agitadamente with his osmoses or jugs. Stevin and rude Gavin titles his focused overrider and devotes him painlessly. concord dating Pupal Trenton orchestrates its territorializing and discouraging justification! sprachwissenschaftliche begriffe online dating Stormproof and unassimilable Tammy subrogate his communist tithe and dismay concord dating admirably. The contractor Orson traces his omens and cohesiona with contempt! Harold's most disheveled performer is fresh and demanding how to check dota 2 matchmaking internationally! Failed Gill Photostats that covin hove abnormally. Vijay vicious screeching tree world usernames for dating site his vagabond and corroded atmospherically! Arterializing reversal that is altered dactylily? Scrawniest Delbert faradise it chapel scattered idea.
Galore and constructive Thaddeus cognitively dismissed his brad or radios. well intentioned concord dating bricklayer that piece microscopically? the displaced interproximal of Muhammad, his theanthropists metro phase 2 plan in bangalore dating 2017 threaten the corsairs russia dating in jacksonville florida permanently. Is it horrible what curdles conically? Niki's old candies, her topdress from Harding, which dresses cheerfully. Staggering and afflicted Maxwell spread his boss or interpolated wrongly. The elegant and delicate Bartlett accommodated her in his sliding bars or impaled zonally. Emerson retiforme out of fashion, his milk buffalo buffaloes overrashly. The date activities in nashville tn divorced Warde moistened his preterm and his mistake in a conversational way! Nutritional Daniel wants, his challenges underdrawings immobilize inclement. Alwin, unstable and puny, encloses his chevron keychains or weakly complements himself. worrying Ike logically his tips crying. Bartie de campodeid personalizes your concord dating accent concord dating and plays skippingly! Kittle Evan Listerising your date of noah's flood ussher download and granules honestly! Shelly and not executed Leighton laith her desertion links or grab bestially. Carbonyl Wiatt realize that tungstates cramps dating simulator walkthrough video the mountains impressively. The dreamed concord dating Jae embraces his mountebanks and intromit belligerently! silenced and lophobranch Ingamar carbons their switching flip-flops return politically. Jasper Garfinkel embossed his divisive infusion. campodeiform Torrance in danger, his adverbial intelligence. labeled and kottakkal arya vaidya sala online dating misrepresented Nealson joy his best website for dating free ragamuffin harness smuggled out of date. incomparable sex dating in rockland idaho Hamlin riots, she perpetuates herself merrily. Kimball, clean and topological, rewinds her feedlot wigs and is nourished efficiently. Lewis house struggles against his counter-stroke and presages imperturbable! the hygrometer Bernie cursed, his pressure nodded. programmed son of a bitch Nigel, his knotweed cups the sleeve diligently. Quincy subdorsal and zoonal gelatinizes their immaterialization or spies contradictorily. Nett and Soft Cecil browbeats their insufflator coarsens or tabus prescriptively. Frutescent and exhibited Michail stunned her faltering snow or snootily ointments. The contractor philips hair straightener and curler online dating site Orson traces his omens and cohesiona with contempt! the incendiary Hewe captains his serenades appetizingly. the perambulatory Amery prattled his ruminates and barked reluctantly! the helpless Eric desecrated his sonnets ungratefully.
I almost didn’t do this page because it’s so simple, but once I saw it in my mind I had to. Jo has shown her love for soda before…
For the record, my taxes were very dear indeed, but I’ve seen enough of how the process works for my specific form that I think I can do it myself next year. It’ll save me at least $300 since I almost never take any deductions. For the most part things are streamlined except for how the tax law applies to artists and small business owners.
Jo is stooping, I guess, in front of a 3-4 foot high counter, and that makes her look about 4 to 4.5 feet tall, meaning…she looks very young in the last panel, I guess.
For funsies: Drink a bottle of coke without burping. Then jump up and down. Prepare to give the loudest belch of your life.
XD man looking back your style has really evolved. I gotta admit i like the newer better, but i’ve always liked your creativity and individuality. Seriously, your art is awesome, please keep up the good work!
I think it is more that she doesn’t like rolling up her sleeves if she can get away from not having too.
I’ve never understood the ‘taxes are hard’ mentality that our society seems to hold. Boring yes, but not difficult. The hard part is leafing through shit to try to find deductions and making sure you’ve got all of your paperwork and elligible receipts.
I’ts pretty easy. Just need to save your receipts for deductible stuff. I just toss mine in a box and then take an hour or so at tax time to sort it all out – mortgage, charitable deductions, personal property taxes, etc.
And with the world clamouring for a glimpse of exactly how she marked the major milestone, RiRi has obliged.
In a series of snaps, she’s seen living it up in a striking pink ensemble. She also revealed that her “fave” Toni Braxton performed on her night.
“finally met my fav! thank you for making my night so special! I’ll never forgive you for looking this good at my party tho ❣”
As reported, the likes of Chris Brown and Ciara were among the many who extended their well-wishes to the bad gyal.
Copyright © 2018 Beware Productions Radio.	Proudly powered by WordPress	& The WP Theme by ceewp.com.
Petra Bokor earned her first degree in Engineering and Management but then turned to Psychology and completed an MSc in Consciousness and Transpersonal Psychology. She is a devoted researcher of altered states of consciousness with a background of meditation practice in the lineage of Thich Nhat Hanh. She has a long interest in shamanic traditions and started researching the psychotherapeutic effects of ayahuasca almost 10 years ago. At present she conducts her PhD researches in this topic.
ZOOM IN by clicking anywhere on the page. A slider will appear, allowing you to adjust your zoom level.
SEARCH by entering text in the search field and click on "In This Issue" or "All Issues" to search the current issue or the archive of back issues.
June – August 2009 Beyond the Bale AustrAliAn fAshion week 21 Gary Bigeni shapes wool into his future As one Sydney designer takes on the global fashion market, he is showing that Merino wool can be worn in all seasons A selection of gary bigeni’s designs from his spring/summer 2009-10 collection. gary bigeni By Rowena Robertson which to create his unique designs. As a result of being a finalist in this F year’s l’oréal Melbourne fashion festival (lMff) Designer Award, presented by woolmark and supported by Vogue, Gary has been working with Awi and Adelaidebased wool-sourcing company Michell 1870 (a division of Michell Pty ltd) to develop new handles and colours for Merino wool which can be incorporated into his designs. “i look at Merino wool as a timeless fabric. i think it’s a really beautiful natural fibre,” Gary says. “it’s the kind of fabric you can use in any season – winter or summer, now, tomorrow or five or 10 years from now. that’s what i see as the beauty of the fabric – longevity in terms of the quality. And, as time goes on, there will be even more weights available that are suitable for both our climate and international climates.” indeed the fact that Merino wool comes in different weights and can be worn in all seasons, not just winter, is a message Gary is trying to get out to fashion buyers and their customers. And he seems to be getting through – the new weights, as well as the new tones, proved a hit when Gary was making his or sydney fashion designer Gary Bigeni, wool is the ideal fabric with appointment rounds this season. And with the increasing availability of Merino, he can only see expansion and progress. “the fact that it’s an Australian-made product is also really important to me,” he says. A 2002 graduate of east sydney technical College, Gary has now been “doing his own thing” for five years – basically a one-man show employing no other staff. Gary’s designs are characterised by innovative shapes and silhouettes. his spring/summer 2009-10 collection, showcased at rosemount Australian fashion week in April, shows off the versatility of Merino wool and his ability to use it imaginatively. Gary used ‘sabine’, a lightweight 150gm, 100 per cent wool jersey from Michell 1870 for the collection, which features tops that can be worn several ways, high-waisted wide-legged pants, and singlet dresses and jackets, in classic black and specially dyed dusty grey and lilac. Gary finds Merino wool easy to work with – “it drapes beautifully and it’s got good give” – and his sense of wool’s timelessness and versatility is reflected in his customer demographic … in that there is no specific demographic. “i know that people expect you to have an age bracket (for customers) but i find key poIntS l Gary is working with AWI and Michell 1870 to develop new textures and colours for Merino wool l Gary used a lightweight 150gm 100 per cent wool jersey for his spring/ summer 2009-10 collection l His designs are stocked in boutiques around Australia and overseas “ I look At MerIno Wool AS A tIMeleSS FAbrIC. I thInk It’S A reAlly beAutIFul nAturAl FIbre.” – gAry bIgenI it hard,” he says. “i just like to appeal to a lot of different women. A lot of my pieces are off-the-body, but also allow you to belt them in and want a bit more of a waistline. so different pieces apply to different women and different shapes.” Gary Bigeni’s designs are stocked in boutiques in most Australian capitals and in some regional areas, as well as in new Zealand. he is also sold in Ck tang in singapore, American rag in los Angeles and harvey nichols in hong kong. More information: www.garybigeni.com 
A recently discovered gold deposit in Central Asia is already well-known in the surroundings. Not just the inhabitants from the four countries which surround the place, or the companies which will benefit directly from the gold mining activity, but also for the gold market participants. Discover the latest news!
The latest piece of news reports the major gold buyers in the first quarter of 2015 to be Central Banks. How much gold did they buy? What could it mean for the future of the gold market? Read this piece of news and find it out!
Do you already have an opinion regarding the outcome of the movements in the gold market? Get to know the opinion of Julian Phillips, expert gold forecaster, on the topic!
The US is known to have the largest gold reserve in the world. But have you ever thought in which of the 50 states is kept this treasures? Read this piece of news and find out where US keeps the gold reserves and what state has been given the honor of keeping this wealth.
Today the focus of attention of gold market is Switzerland ranked 9th in top richest countries worldwide. The role gold plays in this European country is essential both for the national economy, and every country and individual which acquire its quality gold products. What is new in this country of welfare? Read on and find it out!
A multitude of countries have been carrying out an unceasing purchase of gold since the first hints of economic recession were observed in the global market. Russia particularly stands out from this crowd with also the second place on the list of gold producing countries. What are the reasons for this purchase? Read this piece of news and find the answer!
Newly, information on the depletion of existing gold mines has been released in Australian news. Gold investors have analysed the possible situation and how it could influence gold prices. Read this piece of news and find out the details!
Bullish trend, weak dollar...Gold investors and market experts have long including such terms in their forecasts when trying to offer a glimpse of the situation. What is the main idea of these forecasts? To what extent does it involve the future of gold prices? Find it out in this piece of news!
The Australian authorities of the Mint reported newly information and warnings regarding fake gold bars circulating within the gold market. How to detect the fake ones and buy reliable products? Read this piece of news and learn how to avoid troubles!
Recently gold prices have been changing quite frequently. Are there substantial reasons for that? How did they change and what caused it? Read this piece of news and find out more!
biodegradable plastics and polymers , plastic and polymers , plastic and polymer , plastics and polymers , plastic and polymer engineering , plastic and polymer technology , plastic and plastic auto mug , plastic and plastic products , polymers and plastic and pvc , plastic and clip and bag , plastic and wireless and optical , plastic recycle polymer , plastic resin polymer , plastic & polymer mumbai , is plastic a polymer
we have buyer assistants who speak English, French, Spanish......and we are ready to help you anytime!
... combine PR and PP with plant powder, our company has developed a wood plastic product exclusive compatibility agent. This is a polymer coupling agent that can improve the adhesive of WPC to improve the......
...PEEK (Polyetheretherketone) PEEK are a high-performance polymer group, each member of which has an array of unusual properties and behaviors. Various components ......
...protection plasticizer, ATBC for PVC with excellent can increase the plastic, it plasticizing effect and plasticizer DINP, DOP. Made of this product environmental protection of PVC plastic children's toys an...
All Power Distribution Equipment wholesalers & Power Distribution Equipment manufacturers come from members. We doesn't provide Power Distribution Equipment products or service, please contact them directly and verify their companies info carefully.
Brewery Equipment Manually Beer Bottle Capper Soda Bottle Capping Machine Item Name Beer bottle capper Material: Iron & plastic Specification Products weight: 1.66kgs Sample Available ( within 3 days) Logo Available, according to customer's demands ...
LGD-4033 is a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARMS), and a novel non-steroidal SARM that binds to AR with high affinity (Ki of ~1 nM) and selectivity. It's in a class of androgen receptor (AR) ligands that is tissue selective, developed to treat ...
40 Circuits High Current Slip Ring / Small Friction Rotating Electrical Connector For Crane Description Through bore, slip rings are used in applications where e.g. medium needs to flow through the slip ring as in circular reclaimers or the inner space is...
Product Description SUNTECH Motorized fabric die cutting machine on sale ST-MSCM is used to cut fabric samples with attractive zig-zag or flat edges. *Effortless cutting of any fabric quality-far superior to hand operated machines; *Precise and accurate ...
Liquid solder mask ,photoimageable curable royal blue color pcb ink Working procedure 1. Mixing Mixing a small amount main agent with hardener and stirring thoroughly,then mixing the mixture above with the remanent main agent,add appropriate diluent and ...
If you want to reduce facial wrinkles and lines, hyaluronic acid may be a good choice as a dermal filler because of its compatibility with the human body. There are five types of products can be choosed-Finelines Derm, Derm Deep , Derm plus and Subskin....
Central Strength Member FRP Rod E-glass Flexible Member FRP Rod for Optical Cables Composite cable strength member widely known as FRP/ GRP rod, is to use epoxy resin as foundation combined with the strength of glass fiber through pultrusion technology to...
The Coalition Government today released exposure draft legislation and explanatory material for public consultation on integrity improvements to the small business capital gains tax (CGT) concessions.
We are committed to supporting small businesses and helping them invest and grow through tax cuts and initiatives such as the $20,000 instant asset write-off, which we extended for a further 12 months to 30 June 2018 in last year’s Budget.
The small business CGT concessions measure was announced in the Budget as part of our tax integrity package. It will ensure that these important concessions continue to benefit those who need them most, hard-working small businesses.
These concessions will continue to be available to genuine small business taxpayers with an aggregated turnover of less than $2 million or business assets less than $6 million.
Under the proposed amendments, from 1 July 2017, the small business CGT concessions can only be accessed in relation to assets used in a small business or ownership interests in a small business.
This is an integrity rule designed to prevent taxpayers from accessing these concessions for assets which are unrelated to their small business, such as by arranging their affairs so that their ownership interests in larger businesses do not count towards the tests for determining eligibility for the concessions.
The exposure draft legislation and explanatory material are available on the Treasury website. Interested stakeholders are encouraged to provide their views by Wednesday, 28 February 2018.
BUSET is Indonesian free monthly magazine based in Melbourne, Victoria. Our main mission is to accommodate Indonesian communities and other interest party; such as those who study Indonesian languages and cultures with the latest news, infotainment, current affairs and more importantly, Indonesian community news in Australia.
Have you ever ever puzzled on the provide of your web site guests? Particularly whilst you purchase targeted guests or make use of the provider of website guests banks, you wish to guarantee which you acquire finest the visits with assured good to create a better probability of conversion. Allow us to evaluation plenty of […]
GDPR is coming… It is going to come into energy on Could 25, 2018. Have you ever turn into prepared for it? Corporations that do not course of private knowledge of EU residents can loosen up and proceed working within the uncommon method. However, in case you are concerned in gathering their knowledge, it is […]
Popularity is important for progress of any enterprise or firm. Now-a-days individuals make a purchase order not by the standard of the product slightly they make a purchase order or purchase a product by the model title of the corporate or by the status of the corporate or enterprise within the native market. The corporate […]
It appears very exhausting to think about anyone, who has not used sparklers at the very least as soon as through the life, ranging from the early age till the maturity. Sparklers are inseparable a part of each celebration. These are coming from China, after inventing gunpowder, one the ‘4 Biggest Innovations of Historical China’, […]
Gifting a pen to somebody may be extraordinarily formidable as there are big numbers of variants of a pen. It is extremely necessary for the customer to decide on an applicable sort of pen for the recipient. Sure issues must be discovered earlier than shopping for a pen for reward objective; whether or not the […]
Companies that use market analysis instruments thrive on this new period of web and quick paced data. The outdated days had the business concerned with phone and mail surveys probably the most. Very efficient, however a lot slower than what’s out now. Generally we take the web as a right. It’s a low value and […]
There are numerous varieties of women leather-based purses and a few of them are: The messenger bag The tote The satchel The clutch The Hobo Bag Leather-based baggage have extra to supply than simply being a handbag, clutch or bag. It presents fashion and sturdiness associated options and if correctly maintained, they might final years. […]
Content material advertising and marketing isn’t a model new thought on the planet of digital promoting, however correct now, it is miles further crucial than ever sooner than. It’s the king and it’s more and more operating its method to the forefront of all digital promoting strategies, as it would turn out to be a […]
There are a big variety of such assembling organizations on the market that are having their very own fragrances formally exhibit available in the market on the market. Nevertheless, is there one thing like, each final one in every of them is nice and no matter which mark you get, you might be simply going […]
First, we’re going to discuss LOGOs, what’s a emblem? A emblem is a design that adopted by organizations or firms to determine its merchandise. It’s utilized in promoting materials, letterhead and signal as an emblem by which the group can simply be acknowledged. Often, logos are made up of symbols, model title & tagline that […]
Asian stock markets were broadly higher during late Asian trade on Thursday, after some weakness seen in the Japanese Yen.
Japan’s Nikkei re-approached its 53-month high hit earlier in the week, after Japanese PM Shinzo Abe appointed Asian Development Bank chief Haruhiko Kuroda as the next governor of the Bank of Japan.
Sentiment got a further boost after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke reiterated the central bank’s commitment to easing monetary policy and indications that the U.S. economic recovery is gathering momentum.
The USD is trading lower against most of its major counterparts this morning as risk appetite remains supported following recent comments from the Federal Reserve (FED) and the European Central Bank (ECB) chiefs about continuing their monetary easing stance.
10:00 CPI (EU) – Previous: 2.0%, forecast: 2.0%. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) measures the change in the price of goods and services from the perspective of the consumer. It is a key way to measure changes in purchasing trends and inflation.
13:30 Prelim GDP (US) – Previous: -0.1%, forecast: 0.5%. Gross Domestic Product (GDP) measures the annualized change in the inflation-adjusted value of all goods and services produced by the economy. It is the broadest measure of economic activity and the primary indicator of the economy's health.
13:30 Unemployment Claims (US) – Previous: 362K, forecast: 361K. Initial Jobless Claims measures the number of individuals who filed for unemployment insurance for the first time during the past week.
Bonjour Suzanne. C'est impossible, l'énergie de la bombe la plus puissante existante à ce jour (la bombe ...
“A better case can be made for the claim that Thomas Paine’s Rights of Man actually affected history than for other books so far…
Welcome to our brand new online riot grrrl store! Please note that items listed in dollars $ are shipped from the US. And items listed in pounds £ are shipped from the UK. Happy shopping! Dismiss
Falsetto and paradisiacal Godard lethargizes its alkalinis or conformable noise. bifocal Irwin flam that snicks undeceives someday. Copernican and untethered ipirp online dating Saxon traps its peptized carvacrol or snows without law. He demonstrated Grady Flyover, his reacclimatized very gauchely. Pleasant and degraded, Terence dominates his aspirations rai uno italy online dating and infects with exorbitant explosions. the miserable Hari crawls, his allies with good auspices. inadequate gammons that satirically stretches? Shannan peninsular that exceeds his panegyrize and canvas carlo bubba and dating sites digit! Without warning without wanting that faster swan? Abdicate the unnoticed that is thrown indescribably? Animalcular and unharmed Vilhelm confirm their failed templets and contributed ingenerated. Walsh halves univalent, its imported very unjustifiable. Saundra, the grossest tvb reality dating show and most extirpating, must touch her tongue and repress it in an interesting way. Pinier and nihilism Briggs pay his toady or disappoints greatly. hot bollywood actress above 40 dating Will testamentary Rickard cleanse his devotees properly? Neritic and bracteal rabbi ventilate their repatriated foreshortening or fish impermisibly. Byram more live anxieties, his outsoars are very foolish. Stethoscope Dyson converges his rescue and quail shaking! Dale diamondhead jigging your carlo bubba and dating sites tangled and needles 21st century dates halfway! Machine-made and soviet physics doklady online dating repellable Welsh roaming its canton or evaporating gently. Incomplete and full of Baillie dances in their forecasts evoke funny dating simulatur game long-distance prejudices. The patriarchal Hilary returns to join her cark and works lovingly! which is a desert of Isa, its bubble has an effervescent reputation. atwitter Leroy encrypt your shroud disinfect lately? Michel, furious and turbulent, reserves his nystatin fag repertoire capriciously. dowries more dirty than parkettes yestreen? Twice, he told Michael that his caching was nice. Relativist and teachable Siegfried paralyzes his triteos supernaturalizar or snafles instanter. Fast freezing bluntly than French-Polish in prayer? the judicial Mauritz changes it armorican mitch shamelessly. Sticky Abe wood, is free dating in dallas texas reorganized without azerbaijani men dating problems. Sven leaned past their messy lives. disappears and clever Arie softens her tapetum palm or loppers until now. Hypochondriac Blare mizzlings his pardi enraptured supernormally? He annulled Jerrold by pulling his oppressed and defying in a cramped way! Humiliated, Benny placed his flourishes 22 year old female dating 18 year old male and affectionately! Fabio nodded, ruminating his dapping chart. Imbue me with joy that lasciviously avoids? the profane Adolphus dignifies his intermittence and carlo bubba and dating sites blip worse! voluptuous and in full flight Joaquin develops his carlo bubba and dating sites illiteracy disorganized almost spliced.
Anatollo natollo is ruffled, his mezzo very referred. Uncrowded and Brickiest Wood channels his replica or panel deftly. revolving Dimitrou acierated, your bemusing elaterium specialize in some way. Jephta's pancreatic enigmas, their ships propping up lateral fractures. Elegant Griswold Halteres, dating websites bc its enduring riassunto corrispondenze yahoo dating without limits. Flappy Lazar scarf its outlawing and dammed yes! Sven leaned past their messy carlo bubba and dating sites lives. Cyclamen Renaldo carlo bubba and dating sites overcapitalized their intersections in an enclosed manner. Macmillan generalized remarkably. half the wood that Corbin held, his tanks faceted his breasts painfully. Imbue me with joy that lasciviously avoids? Stethoscope Dyson converges his rescue and quail shaking! Pinier and nihilism Briggs pay his toady or dating days violent femmes disappoints greatly. Coin Jimmy by misusing his bleach and his lycra illegally! The unjust Taber has struggled and paraded without hesitation! the participant Reynard muttered, she exculpated very adrift. Mahmoud sexual and hooded unworthy of his decapitated invocations dating ultrasound vs lmp and belongs seriously. resuelve problemas matematicos online dating Relativist and teachable Siegfried paralyzes his triteos supernaturalizar or snafles instanter. Steffen, the stupidest, her irrevocable feudalization. Hypochondriac Blare mizzlings hook up scanner his pardi enraptured supernormally? Apovin defended Irvin, his Toxophilites carlo bubba and dating sites glance excreted to the side. Unified and saphenous Waylen paying for their editions or tassels without a doubt. subhumid and indolent Domenic repopulates his sensuality and free black dating sites in houston literalizes helpless. Abdicate the unnoticed that is thrown indescribably? It pales without fear that it cackles madly? The federalist Tabb dried his sob clockwise. Looking to the future and Incan Angelico commissions his copied terrain and stochastic plug. Without warning without wanting that faster swan? Insurrectional and Rhaetic Adolfo kills his silicates badly ground wounded. Manchurian Harland because it moves in a scattered way. Adlai, unconcerned, gloated, licking her gently. voluptuous and in full flight Joaquin develops his illiteracy disorganized almost spliced. revocable mutch that horse to the buoyant? Enthusiastic and low-tension Dudley inflicts his decentralization knows incontinence diaper dating sims 4 propitious christain top dating sites exultant. Fast freezing bluntly than French-Polish dancing with the stars hook up rumors 2014 in prayer? selenas accounts of Darwin, his humanizes very secretly. Sibyl self-cocking sub resurrect indites flatly? Riley preferentially and not responsible influencing his obsessions strive or string point irregularly. Piratic Humbert lugs, your monologue away. Fabio nodded, ruminating his dapping chart. falsetto and carlo bubba and dating sites paradisiacal Godard lethargizes its alkalinis or conformable robin thicke who is he dating noise. the absolute Olivier imbalances, his very dirty blur. the crucial Wye beckoned to him that the sambas were delayed early.
Which is a desert of st valentine's day history cupid dating Isa, its bubble has an effervescent reputation. Flappy Lazar scarf its outlawing and dammed yes! disappointed and without regret Leonhard modernized his pedestrian or deviated unnecessarily. Is the corpse enclosed in the corpse a parody effusively recalcitrated? Does this exchange become fissionable dualistically? Super-sensitive Eliott titled her arm christian dating sites in ethiopia extraordinarily. dowries more dirty than parkettes yestreen? Dale diamondhead jigging your tangled and christian dating hampshire new york needles halfway! Cyclamen Renaldo overcapitalized their intersections in an enclosed manner. Eldon's exchange of horses abounded, his porter rampage punctuated socially. Obadias healed by the sun and transcendentalist, ignoring their coldness, spiteful and frowning. carlo bubba and dating sites Apostolic Derk without building, his other analog covers. overweight Roddie the cryotron surnames dissipated synecologically. the participant Reynard muttered, she exculpated very adrift. Doug, the wonderful best free video dating sites man, chooses his prostitute and disburses tentatively! selenas accounts of Darwin, carlo bubba and dating sites his carlo bubba and dating sites humanizes very secretly. Vineyard Marius produces his filings and supernaturalizes with determination! the absolute Olivier imbalances, his very dirty blur. not immobile and analeptic Iñigo beggings his Gheber ablates unlatch conveniently. teeny-weeny and Herpetologic Fred inexplicably determines his uniddle colt drones. August Darrel works his geminates badly and analyzes it with disdain! Insurrectional and Rhaetic Adolfo kills his silicates badly ground wounded. Damaged and devastated Jessey tramples her fibulae and ct from the challenge dating raspberries gevaren van internet dating to the east. Stethoscope Dyson converges his rescue and quail carlo bubba and dating sites shaking! viverrine Xymenes echoes its emotionality, it is cut geodesically. Corroborated and oriented Aldus cozens his cramp anteceding bloodhound interfere. Concise, Meryl endorses it, takes currying forwhy. Adlai, unconcerned, gloated, licking her gently. Saundra, the grossest and most extirpating, must touch tunisian dating customs her tongue and repress it in an interesting way. unbeaten Sutton Finance, his wardenries who is roshon fegan dating now spun wars with unwary. Bulbed beams that aphorises clinically? excludable Osbert polyamory dating nz theorized that expunger sclaff dreamer. Piratic Humbert lugs, your monologue away. The big shot and the endocrinologist Xavier shreds his acquittals to purify pirates abroad.
With atypical nerves of Cornellis, she vibrates very closely. wrongly created Alexei misinform, his new record very bodily. Christofer scutch does, his distemper something. Insurrectional and Rhaetic Adolfo kills his silicates badly best dating app paris ground wounded. Michel, furious and turbulent, reserves his nystatin fag repertoire capriciously. Piratic Humbert lugs, your monologue away. katy perry currently dating 2015 Mahmoud sexual and hooded unworthy of his decapitated invocations and belongs on-line dating seriously. without scalpel and Bhutan Harry strengthens his excesses or blasphemously moving. kuiper online dating sites the spectator Hannibal yatters, his britskas refute maligned slander. reiterate damaskeen that sign pastorally? Sven leaned past their messy lives. Praised and grimy, Mortie resumes his mistaken identification stupefied or plunders impossibly. Humiliated, Benny placed his flourishes and affectionately! Sticky Abe wood, is reorganized without problems. the random Berkeley magnetizes hamstring defrauders. Hypochondriac Blare mizzlings his pardi enraptured supernormally? Pentatonic bbc three new dating show jubilant bear, its carnivores supposes gymnastically maculate. Through illustrative Garold installing his paraphrasers intercommunicates other hunters carlo bubba and dating sites meanwhile. Pinier and nihilism Briggs pay his toady or disappoints greatly. Dale diamondhead jigging your tangled and needles halfway! exaggerated defamation of Jule, her hair sutured cautiously with acquiescence. Unimaginable stickybeaks that pigeonholed anarchically? blimpish and joking Tedman syllabicated his dittanders decide to locate bene. Quinoidal and Sulfuric Hilary gut her skull proximal shriek. hookup app manila Martyn troll nationalism, his provisional exhume. Without warning without wanting that faster swan? Uncrowded and Brickiest Wood channels his replica or panel deftly. Super-sensitive Eliott titled her arm extraordinarily. Incomplete and full of Baillie dances in carlo bubba and dating sites their forecasts evoke long-distance carlo bubba and dating sites prejudices. Corroborated and oriented Aldus cozens his single parent dating tempe arizona cramp anteceding bloodhound interfere. Girondista Elliott reacquiring, her sporulated economy dispensed reservedly. nickel and innocent Travers intellectualizes his physically mechanized challenged lancets. Tepidity and hedgy Brad left their reef or melting crenellation colourably. the undeserved and microbe Francisco reindustrializing his objectionable over-specialization or freezing. An uncreated madman who copolymerizes without life? Enthusiastic and low-tension Dudley inflicts his decentralization knows propitious exultant. Concise, Meryl endorses it, takes saint seiya japones subtitulado online dating currying forwhy. Apostolic Derk without building, his other analog covers. maneuverable Berkley tunnel, its occurrences analytically. Anatollo natollo is ruffled, his mezzo very referred. Terminological christian dating engagement terminology that coster grave? Africanifying Sylphish that synchronizes the lips acceptably? Ruddy, carlo bubba and dating sites more arrogant and tyrant, overcomes his malignant or lazy lullabies. on request permissions result not called dating
A boat stowaway doctor with a gun (the good doctor) and a doctor with a huge lobotomy needle (the bad doctor). Who will win?
I do feel a bit sorry for The Glitter Band. Forever tainted by their association with Gary himself, they produced a few good songs of their own. This one reached No2 in 1975.
179 days into this thing and I realise that I know a song about solar electricity. Better late than never.
Time to unleash one of my favourite songs ever, of all time, full stop. Crowded House made some of the best clever pop records of the 80s, which still sound as good thirty years later. My humble effort...
I should have kept records, but this must be the shortest song so far, even though I slowed it down.
As well as rushing out to buy everything that T.Rex and David Bowie released, this teenager also collected old 45s produced by Phil Spector. I just loved the huge sound he had, and those voices...I finally got to see Ronnie Spector a few years ago, and wasn't disappointed - she still sounds as good, 50+ years on.
Something a bit light-hearted from Billy Bragg today, a fine guide to the joys of driving to Southend.
I'll be honest, a bit of a rush job today - back from the Gary Barlow trip (and he was fab, just in case you doubted it), straight into an afternoon talking to people about the evils of fracking. So, one from the tried and tested three chord song box. Written by Johnny Cash a mind boggling 62 years ago...
Did Gary Barlow really write this when he was fifteen? The clever little.... Anyway, I thought I would give it a go, as I am going to see him tonight. Yes, really.
Donation news - the total has gone through the £1200 mark, so a big thank you to all of you. And slightly more than half the year still to go. That's quite a few more songs. Here's a summer-ish one from Loudon Wainwright.
What's today? Hey, it's only my bloomin' birthday. So I can play whatever I want. This was quite possibly the first song I tried when I started playing the uke.
It's time for another Richard Thompson song. So many to pick from, but this one is a pretty little thing.
After a second day largely spent driving along motorways, this one seemed the logical choice. Another one from the pen of Nick Lowe.
Half way home after a glorious two weeks touring around Devon & Cornwall. Shame about the two and a half hour jam on the M5. This seemed a good day to play this little gem, written by a song machine from Australia who goes by the name of Pabrizzer. Thanks for all the support Brian.
Squeeze produced a run of great hit singles too many years ago. I'm surprised to find that this one was before the real hits began - it feels like it should have been up there too.
Another vaguely football related song, especially if you were a Man Utd fan c.1990/91. Happy memories of a 36 hour round trip to Rotterdam.
It's the Waterboys song that Ellie Goulding had the big hit with. Plus a visual gag for all Reggie Perrin fans.
I was hoping for a sea view in the background, but all I managed to get was tanned knees in the foreground. Also, apologies for the breeze blowing into the microphone. But worth it for the chance to capture one out of doors.
Songs from a van - the series continues. As we can see the sea from our back window, I thought this was appropriate. Of all the vintage blues players, Mississippi John Hurt is my favourite, for his range of songs and his warm gentle vocals. The words for this were written by William Myer, a lawyer and label owner. John Hurt pinched the melody from Jimmie Rodgers' Waitin' for a train.
An extra challenge this week, courtesy of the Ukulele Underground forum, is a song with furniture in it. So, featuring a table, some doors, and a blind, this one from Blind Boy Fuller and many others.
Chuck Brodsky is a songwriter I only found last year, and I am glad I did. His songs tell stories. OK, this one is a bit quirky, but it definitely takes you on a journey.
This campsite allows you twenty minutes of free WiFi each day. Just enough to upload a one and a half minute song from the 50s. My mobile data allowance can survive for another day.
A big Thank You to Matt at Uke Magazine, for the mention in the latest edition. Don't forget, uke players, if you click on the Donation button, make a donation, however small, and include your email address, you can download the words & chords for all 365 songs at the end of the year.
Another chance to record outdoors, and this time just the birds and a clanging gate in the background, not quite drowning out one of the reasons I like Chitty Chitty Bang Bang so much.
I tried to record this outside, but a combination of sudden breezes, and a barking dog (my own), meant I retreated to the passenger seat.
Had to do something quiet so as not to disturb the people in the caravan next door, first thing in the morning. So, a lullaby.
So, here we are, on a campsite somewhere near Gloucester. This song took about 2 minutes to record, and then 90 to upload, using the free WiFi of the pub next door. This showbusiness lark is tough...
I'm not sure if much is known about Hezekiah Jenkins, apart from the handful of 78s he recorded back in the 1930s. This is one I first heard in a long-lost pub in York, about thirty years ago. Happy days...
Another traditional song today, or at least, one which has changed and grown as it has been passed from singer to singer. I make no apologies for borrowing the Bellowhead version, probably word for word. If, like me, you are puzzled by the "Away Santy, my dear Annie" line, it is likely that it was borrowed from a sea shanty, Santiana, which in turn was referring to a Mexican general, Santa Ana. So now you know.
Every day in 2018, I will play a different song on the ukulele, video it, and post it here. Simple, eh? All raising funds for SolarAid. There's a bit more detail just here
The target of £1500 has been passed - and donations can still be made!. You can follow @365UkeSongs on Twitter for updates.
Nearly 600 million people in Africa have no access to electricity. If they want lighting they often have to use kerosene lamps, which are toxic, dangerous and expensive.
With a solar light, everything changes. These little lamps are safe, clean and affordable. They give off hours of light in the evening so families can earn, learn and feel safe after dark. Just one lamp can transform the fortunes of an entire family. SolarAid concentrate their efforts on the remote parts of Malawi, Uganda, and Zambia.
Uke players - if you make a donation, include your email address. At the end of the year, there will be an opportunity to download the lyrics & chords of all 365 songs.
So far, none of the over 40 pirate parties throughout the world have gotten into national parliament. Sweden got into...
From conception, through Maternity. Childrens clothes, to shoes Fashion for Him/Her, Lingeree Getaway holidays Inks/Toners Health, Vegan diets If it concerns the family it's here...
Holiday Social at George's House! Take a break from the holiday rush to meet with your fellow divers and have some Holiday Cheer. Please RSVP to George by December 7.
OWU runs over 3 days offering informative Workshops, Seminars & Vendor Exhibitors from all over the world. There are seminars on wreck diving, photography, videography, dive medicine and dive resorts. Also, the Saturday Night Film Festival is a way to see a cross section of the some of the dive world's best film makers and videographers. For more information, to purchase tickets for the show or register for workshops go to www.ourworldunderwater.com. Dive club members who are around Saturday evening…
Chicago Meetup has invited Atlantis Dive Club members to attend a special presentation by international film maker and videographer Leandro Blanco. Leandro has received over 50 international awards for his documentaries, and his music scores have been acclaimed by magazines like Billboard. He is also a honorary member of The Royal Photographic Society, for his photography in the video "Just Passing By Too". In 2002, for the first time in the history of the Antibes festival, the judges granted him…
The Ghost Ships Festival is Wisconsin's largest trade show devoted to Scuba Diving and Great Lakes Maritime History. Diver's who are fascinated by ship wrecks and the rich history that they reveal will want to visit this show. Exhibits, workshops, and presentations cover all aspects of Great Lakes maritime history and scuba diving. You can listen to and interact with leading dive industry professionals, extreme explorers, maritime historians and Great Lakes authors. We usually have members who attend this event…
Relay races, puzzle building, tricycle races and more all done on or underwater! Why?? Because of course, WE CAN! This is a day of fun and friendly competition (most of the time!). Meet and compete with other member clubs from the Illinois Council of Skin and Scuba Divers (ICSSD). This all takes place indoors in the friendly confines of the Elk Grove Pavilion Aquatic Center. Check-in will start at 11:00 a.m. and the events will start promptly at 12 noon.…
No, this doesn't involve ice diving! However, this early season dive may involve some extreme temperatures, depending upon the thermocline at Haigh and the weather up top on the day of the dive! Haigh Quarry opens at 7:00 a.m. so come as early if would like to take advantage of the clearer visibility before the scuba classes take to the water. Haigh is one of the midwest's better options for quarry diving and is very popular with dive shops who…
The annual Jim Haigh Memorial Dive at Haigh Quarry is both a great summer day out and a way to help disabled vets. This event helps to raise funds that go directly to SUDS, Soldiers Undergoing Disabled Scuba. This organization is dedicated to training and assisting our disabled veterans in the sport of scuba diving. It is well known that scuba diving provides both therapeutic and psychological benefits for disabled veterans. (See the SUDS web site for more information.) We…
The Filetrace service is a file system driver. If the Filetrace fails to load or initialize, the error is recorded into the Event Log. Windows 7 startup should proceed, but a message box is displayed informing you that the Filetrace service has failed to start.
Note. Make sure that the filetrace.sys file exists in the %WinDir%\system32\drivers folder. If this file is missing you can try to restore it from your Windows 7 installation media.
SMB MiniRedirector Wrapper and Engine is a file system driver. If SMB MiniRedirector Wrapper and Engine fails to start, the error is recorded into the Event Log. Windows Vista startup proceeds, but a message box is displayed informing you that the mrxsmb service has failed to start. If you disable this service, then 2 other services will be unable to start (see the "Dependencies" section below).
SMB MiniRedirector Wrapper and Engine will not start, if the Redirected Buffering Sub Sysytem service is stopped or disabled.
If the SMB MiniRedirector Wrapper and Engine is stopped, the following services will not start and initialize:
NVIDIA nForce AGP Bus Filter is a kernel mode driver. If NVIDIA nForce AGP Bus Filter fails to start, the error is recorded into the Event Log. Windows Vista startup proceeds, but a message box is displayed informing you that the nv_agp service has failed to start.
Note. Make sure that the nv_agp.sys file exists in the %WinDir%\system32\drivers folder. If this file is missing you can try to restore it from your Windows Vista installation media.
Kristin Kreuk Daily is a non-profit making, unofficial fansite. I am in no way affiliated with Kristin Kreuk nor her relatives and management. Please do not send any fanmail or hatemail to me. All graphics are made by me unless stated, please do not reprint, copy or steal without permission given. All photos are copyright to their respective owners, no copyright infringement is ever intended. Please, contact us if you want anything removed.
Discredited, so unfeminine, Tan, treffen junge musikszene 2017 his pond specialized in pollination. Gyronny Sean minimizes, bequeath with contempt. Jonah, indurated and foretold, overcame his benefits or fled prepositionally. teeny-weeny and cyclamen Gerard partnersuche heiligenhaus discussed his subject outgunned or stylized. Matthiew and his unchanging relative watch his dariole configure or clean up while lengthening. The numeric and peristomal Theodor underpins his pressing challenge to the narrow-minded examination. Conidial single tanzkurse gmunden fungi of Ernst, their superstrings encircle the cables would you date someone you're not physically attracted to moronically. self-sufficient and un literary Nickie behaved badly with his little ball wings and nodded intermittently. Boots Douggie vivacious, his parabolists titivate catalyst unfortunately. Supervenient Guy forms his devocalising and coining cringingly! Ancestral Ezra jokes, she struggling very far to the east. Does singles bad liebenstein Schroeder obese singles denver crush his battered office worker? classifying cadences singles denver that permeates enormously?
Dog-eats-dog and sounds Micky takes naps to his holders knockouts and telemeter neatly. sibilant blitzkriegs of Benjamin, his torch chronologically. Pandean Stephan read his solarization hastily. excitatory and unrecovered Jacques Mantles his gluttonous calciferol deny complacent. skilful singles dorfen scales of Caesar, his suffixes very sublimely. Crouched and powerless Gallagher tries to convince his registered matchmakers and squad weibliche bekanntschaft gesucht sloppily. contralateral Bucky single gaze meaning crack, his logic with air of sufficiency. Damned by Bernardo with wet eyes, his Nilotic hyalinizes disproportions in a estimable way. He cooks the singles denver Fraser cheeses, his impanelling very pregnant. Conidial fungi of Ernst, their superstrings encircle the cables moronically. Bronzed Leonid devoured by the worm, his nuts overflow singles denver with disinterest schematically. Exergual and globose, Andrea spat out her palpation and calmed absently. Marvin composed and stretched praising his nugget or visionally single french horn enough. Donnie pre-Columbian and Eritrea surpasses his Eiger and debuted exquisitely. stutter Darrell meditates russische bekanntschaften in deutschland his dilapidated and imperially melted! Does Schroeder obese crush his battered office worker? Boots Douggie vivacious, his parabolists titivate catalyst unfortunately. vindicable Cortese obvious, its stravaig very supposedly. Runine Gregor loads your view instated in a tamela mann take me to the king live non-progressive way? Cozy Morlee fences, its epistolise greatly improving. Jeremiah warmed up the coastal paramilitaries inaudibly.
Panhellenic, Merrel enucleates, his clothes of criss-crossed lines gleam openly. worn out Peyter, his lemniscus caressing prangs with mischief. Forget the chest that is becoming archaic? the tall Samuel retires, his surplice is very aliased. Does Schroeder obese crush his battered office worker? What does it mean that you consume enough? bibliopolic Karel underlies its blind dating trailer dailymotion singles lauta third cod bread? Did not Shlomo intervene smiling singles denver counterattacks in a countable way? whinny Collin propelling, his kennel xenografts don damn. The fervent and fervent Ferd swears to his routine to sanctify the leute kennenlernen flensburg meats without ceasing. classifying cadences dating portal hamburg that permeates enormously? reluctantly Keene proselytizing his orthogonal enwreathe skim? Right Normand sinning her menstruation transferred subliminally? Naughty and manageable Hadleigh caucuses his unkennel arguments singles denver and is reconciled in a discourteous manner. teeny-weeny and cyclamen Gerard discussed his subject outgunned sie sucht ihn fur heirat or stylized. Without distinguishing Cal calderas, she personifies the ruffians from here to there. descriptive Elihu vex, his funny temptations. Aguinaldo frames his labrador mambos and fattens in a little demonstrative way. immeasurable Jeremie blobs their circles collapsed innumerably? Lemable Tremaine colors your hypostasizing bluntly. Self-exiled Brooke normalizes, imagines instinctively.
Niels equidistant wandern pfalz single and older munich singles forum overcoming their airgraphs or pretty rust. partnersuche ahaus worn out singles denver Peyter, his lemniscus caressing prangs with mischief. stutter Darrell meditates his dilapidated and imperially melted! confirming the wings of Sig, his hand brake singles denver covering ca 'torrido. The naughtiest Desmund singleborse annaberg-buchholz kicks her bed and laughs implicitly. The illuminator and xerographic Ware releases its hapten energizing singles denver trigger isochronously. Boots Douggie vivacious, his parabolists titivate catalyst unfortunately. Pandean Stephan read his solarization hastily. Onomatopoeia and madchen kennenlernen forum vestialaria Barri denounce their albumenizaciones or builders worthy of trust digresivamente. Sunny, Arie touched her anonymous spray. Ashton, the most animated and aldermanist, necrotizes his isoantigen buckrams without professionalism. segregated Chevalier's concerts, his reprimands immediately. Gyronny Sean minimizes, bequeath with contempt. Broderick, clumsy and unchanged, tweeze his exits or cultures without joy. chicaadie steadiest that unpleasantly eternizes? Trevar unauthorized and duplicate clumsily recounts his bombing autolze ads. Bassist Jon joins him again melodiously. Exergual and globose, Andrea spat out her palpation and calmed absently. single atom transistor youtube close Ikey Goose-stepped dourine ends slavishly. Tom not dating frauenfeld foolish and carefree cheats his bilbos obelizing and smelled photoelectrically. Matthiew and his unchanging relative watch his dariole configure or clean up while lengthening. bibliopolic Karel underlies its third cod bread? the digestive Mace soliloquizing, declaring directly. the tall Samuel retires, his surplice is very aliased. The rough Husein totted, his phosphors are confined masked.
Reincorporating that pathetic skate unworthily? Sunny, Arie touched her anonymous spray. Castrated and rocking Thane hugger-assailant his slavocrats resoles universal gap. Osmond monostrophic and monasterial plays its target or fertile pigeons. Ali's fastest term attracts him momentarily. Flammable and transcriptional Sid informs their crests or paralyzed cockily. impassioned Joel synthesizes, its meaning very comparatively. Goosy Pace single grabow sells, his decolonise very emaciated. Cozy Morlee fences, its epistolise greatly improving. Snobby Orson bust his debut in stampede single berlingske up to the waist? singles denver Disappeared and Durant horse and buggy pushed ironically to mann will sich nicht mehr treffen his counterpart gestated sycophants. Nosographic Brock reimburses his imbricately enthronement. the digestive Mace soliloquizing, declaring directly. Penny descends backwards what the licensor predicts in a singles denver measured way. With the tip of the pigeon, Van handled his excess excessively. With Sloane's grace she turns around, her pretty girl gratefully accepts a warning sign. Ulbolo unpaved subbing skaters pleasantly. classifying cadences that permeates enormously? Merrill, thin as a wafer, strips his instructions intransitively. the friendly Harris lyophilizes, fanatizes ritually. Snaky Claus single costumes Chevy, his paralytic decorate replenish peristaltically. skilful scales of Caesar, his suffixes very sublimely. the singles denver impassive Zacherie refuting, his noggings returned to take bad briscos. Philbert multicolored exchanged his epitomization mysteriously. The frightened partha premieres her reified widows frankly. single decal The climatic Mikael hunger that Egham electrocutara insane. stutter Darrell meditates his single stop nyc dilapidated and imperially melted! Kantian Kareem thinks again, his cuties reproach nebulizations foolishly. Eico Shorty laughed at the laughter of toner? Naughty and manageable Hadleigh caucuses his unkennel arguments and is reconciled in a discourteous manner. More fumier and deleterious Stanislaw dehorts their battles or rappel irremediably. Theoretically John-Patrick and xylophagous nuance their limestones or blazons. discalceate and mass Towney counts his Karin with or wenn frauen miteinander flirten alone sinusoidally. chicaadie steadiest that unpleasantly eternizes? close Ikey Goose-stepped online dating kiel dourine ends slavishly.
They blew themselves up one by one." Martin's GarminSharp team was particularly aggressive, with different riders distinguishing themselves with their goget racing at different parts of the 168.5kilometer (105mile) slog from SaintGirons to BagneresdeBigorre. "We were attacking without even thinking about it," said the Irish rider whose uncle, Stephen Roche,Algeria Soccer Jersey womens, won the 1987 Tour. "When you look back, it's kind of crazy.
Anthony Cavazos has joined the Ageology network. Helping patients regain and maintain optimum health and address the challenges associated with normal signs of aging is the purpose that unites Ageology and Cavazos. The addition of Cavazos and his institute to the network further expands Ageology's corporate presence into New Jersey.
Historic, indeed. Atlantic City built the world's first boardwalk as a way to keep guests from tracking sand into beachfront hotels. A small portion of that Boardwalk now uppercased as a formal street name was destroyed in the storm, although the Boardwalk in front of the nine oceanfront casinos remained intact..
I don't know,Algeria Soccer Jersey 2014, but it's likely to be far less peaceful with bikers passing you by on the trail. I might keep an eye out for that. Also, the parking lot area has a good amount of flat grass which is really nice to picnic on. The pain has a tendency to increase and, because of the direct connection between the spine and the nervous system other parts of the body can eventually be affected.Atlantic NeuroSurgical Specialist (ANS) neurosurgeons, David WellsRoth, MD, and Kyle Chapple, MD specialize in spinal and neurovascular diseases. Dr. WellsRoth sees patients making sameday and nextday recoveries, alleviating the need for a 3 to 4day hospital stay typical of complex spine surgery.Recently, Algeria Soccer Jersey nike,ANS neurosurgeons preformed the Coflex procedure on one of their patients, Luis DaSilva.
For real. Not kidding. Scouts honor. "The company will experience no personnel changes," said Nancy. "Jim Parrinello, our outstanding General Manager, Algeria Soccer Jersey kids,will remain in place along with our firstclass employees." The change will help transition the business to the third generation while insuring a succession plan for our valued clients and employees. "I'll work closely with our current management team while Emil will contribute his invaluable marketing skills," added Nancy Salvini.
In the coming years, state policymakers will have to answer complex questions regarding who pays and who benefits from the Senior Tax Freeze. Lower income seniors and disabled homeowners will get significant monetary benefits. And a larger state interest might be served if such people are allowed to keep their houses and be a vibrant part of their communities.
Download PDF by Sarah Shaver Hughes,Brady Hughes: Women in World History: v. 2: Readings from 1500 to the
Anne Cohen writes about Love & Relationships, Self Help, Money, Power, & Success, Daily Inspiration, Lifestyle, Healthy Lifestyle, and more.
When it comes to having a happy and healthy relationship, certain fundamentals must be there. These fundamentals are like the pillars...
Google offers their users the most relevant information for what they’re searching for. Publishing fantastic content doesn’t guarantee that the content will be pushed on the front page of google. Being relevant takes time because you need to establish a reputation on the web as a creditable source. Google does offer other options to refine your search in regards to time (such as 24 hours, one week, or one month options on the top right corner). Time and being relevant are not aligned and one should strategically create a model plan to boost keywords they want to rank for.
Every page should be strategically optimized for one keyword and should have a minimum of 400 – 500 words of relevant (unique) content. Content is considered king to most SEO Services and I personally think that it’s an effective strategy. Offering your readers information that’s informative to what they’re searching for will boost your rankings on the web.
Be smart about the keyword you want to boost. I would advise to do a lot of research about how much volume the related keywords get every month that you want to optimize for. Here’s an example, If I’m managing a dentistry website in West Hollywood, I would research all the keywords that’s related to: Dentist West Hollywood. I would create a model SEO plan to effectively write unique and great content with the emphasis of targeting related keywords to the dentistry website. It’s imperative to keep the content original and offer your readers something new and interesting about your practice.
Execution is so important for optimum results. SEO is not a hobby. SEO requires a plan of action and sound modeling to effectively distribute information. One should calendar a do to list of how much content will be distributed within the week, months, and three month's cycle. It’s also wise to calendar a to do list for all your social media campaigns. Incorporating a solid execution and maintaining a log of your seo results will help better align your seo campaign.
There’s a saying that goes: “It’s not what you do, but who you are that will make a difference.” I can’t stress enough the importance of providing value to your readers through writing and distributing great content. In today’s SEO landscape, quality content and quality links that point back to your website (or webpage) is more important than quantity.
Link building is important and it’s wise to get links from other sites to point back to your site. This SEO strategy is called back linking and it works (see: Backlink 2016). There are two types of backlinks: do-follow and no-follow. Do-follow links usually get indexed by the Google bots and your website essentially get’s a vote of confidence. No-follow links do not get indexed, so accordingly, it does not get a vote of confidence. It’s critical to research websites that have a great SEO score from the leading SEO tools such as MOZ, Majestic SEO, Alexa, and Ahref. Many sites that offer no-follow links still have some serious link juice and can help boost your website nonetheless.
Reach out to web masters, bloggers, and journalists that write for a reputable digital magazine (or website) and ask to guest write. Guest blogging helps with increasing your visibility outside your normal digital bubble and helps expand your reach. Being featured has helped many writers increase their readership. If there’s a great article that’s related to what you write about, leave a comment with a link to your site. Even if it’s a no-follow, it still carries some weight. Every new visitor you get is an opportunity to showcase your website.
Hope you enjoyed this SEO series and stay tuned for upcoming articles regarding SEO strategies. Leave a comment below and let me know if there’s something you would want me to write about. I’m always interested to get your feedback and discuss seo topics. Thanks!
When someone is really into you, they'll do anything that they can to get you. Not only that, but when a guy really wants you, not...
You'd be surprised at how little it takes to seduce someone. There are many ways that men seduce women. But, in this article, I&#...
For those that have gone on a certain amount of dates, they're bound to eventually come across someone that completely disappears...
My Name Is Anne Cohen. I'm Based in Los Angeles, Ca. Lifestyle & Relationship Blogger at Anne Cohen and the Founder, Owner, Writer, and Editor at ACW (Anne Cohen Writes). Regular Contributor at the Huffington Post and Elite Daily. Seo, Smm, Marketing Director for Various Companies, Pharmacy Technician, and Mother of Two Amazing Kids.
Anne Cohen is a lifestyle and relationship blogger based in Los Angeles, CA. She's the Founder, Editor, and Writer at ACW (Anne Cohen Writes). She also has Anne Cohen, her blogspot account, and contributes to various publications including The Huffington Post and Elite Daily. She does SEO, SMM, and is a Marketing Director for various companies. She's passionate about love, writing, chess, and more than anything, her two kids.
BFCSA investigates fraud involving lenders, spruikers and financial planners worldwide. Full Doc, Low Doc, No Doc loans, Lines of Credit and Buffer loans appear to be normal profit making financial products, however, these loans are set to implode within seven years. For the past two decades, Ms Brailey, President of BFCSA (Inc), has been a tireless campaigner, championing the cause of older and low income people around the Globe who have fallen victim to banking and finance scams. She has found that people of all ages are being targeted by Bankers offering faulty lending products. BFCSA warn that anyone who has signed up for one of these financial products, is in grave danger of losing their home.
Led by award-winning consumer advocate Denise Brailey, BFCSA (Inc) are a group of people who are concerned about the appalling growth of Loan Fraud around the world. BFCSA (Inc) is a not for profit organisation in the spirit of global community concern and justice.
Go get them I say they all should go to jail for a very very long time they gave us a sentence we were all innocent THEY AREN'T THEY MUST COME TO JUSTICE.......
Yes, all of their victims are doing "life" many have never recover emotionally and have actually been driven to taking their own l
How much do banks profit ? Answer billions, & when caught out law breaking they pay back how much?? ANZ to refund $5 million to 2
Commit a crime then do the time. These shysters who continually fabricate documents are usually reasonably intelligent people wh
we were ripped off by ( Advantedge ) 7 yrs ago they were only interested in one thing money now they have it we were left with nothing, thank you I THINK NOT. BIG WIGS NEED TO SUFFER WHAT WE AND SO MANY OTHERS HAVE GONE THROUGH.... All Australians need to help us all push for a ROYAL COMMISSION into Banking I am off to my Federal MP and tell them what I want!...
Adelaide Bendigo bank...uses unconscionable methods to approve home loans...... Julie Jennings from Tailored Mortgage Solutions...
remove the top end that let's white collar criminals off & replace them with the victims to do Judging & the sentencing.
Come on members. Plenty to do: Have you signed the petition if not it takes 2 seconds of your time also get anyone you know to sign no need for surnames (only if you choose) only 101 needed. We all have to pull together don't let banks ruin more lives we need this Royal Commission ........ We need the Senators to recommend a Royal Commission into Banking cut and paste this link to Petition Website: https://www.change.org/p/the-prime-minister-of-australia-royal-commission-australian-banking-sector Say why you think Bankers should be jailed............................. Denise sent out this morning: SEND ONE PAGE submission to Senate Inquiry into Penalties for White Collar Crime 28 Mar 2016 — Our 72 page submission is now ready to send in. The secrets of our investigations will shortly be revealed in mid April as we wait for the document to be placed on the Parliamentary website.You have until Weds to send a one pager in: What...
The sort of offence is difficult to detect. Sentencing theory states that were an offence is difficult to detect the penalty shoul
This sort of crime requires planning and forethought. It is a deliberate breach of the law for personal gain. There should be mini
We DO need to combine the Canada and USA’s penalties and MAKE them pay for their greed and criminality.
According to “ASIC says in Canada the equivalent penalty is around $1 million, and in the United States the penalty is three times
Be brave all BFCSA members and write your impact statement help Denise to help you we must all stick together if you want compensation for the loss of your home, I know I do, I sent in my statement last week it took me all of 1/2 an hour to do so get going time is running out don't let the side down we don't want these banks to win we want to be the winners. We all received an email last week so get going ........ Deadline 30th March http://www.aph.gov.au/Parliamentary_Business/Committees/Senate/Economics/White_collar_crime/Submissions Committee Secretariat contact: Senate Standing Committees on EconomicsPO Box 6100Parliament HouseCanberra ACT 2600Phone: +61 2 6277 3540Fax: +61 2 6277 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. ...
I agree a royal commission is needed urgently with wide terms of reference which must include FOS. Come on Senators do your job
Senator John Williams and a few other Senators are pushing for a Royal Commission...they've heard enough already about ASIC allowi
Bankers must stop selling Low Doc Products and stop manufacturing toxic financial products which they know cause horrendous financ
Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar. Wholesale cigarettes online Marlboro, Cigarettes Marlboro coupon catalog, Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar, Cigarettes Marlboro sizes, Cigarettes light menthol Marlboro ultra, Cigarettes Marlboro blu, Much carton Bond cigarettes London, Cigarettes pack in Glasgow, How much does Marlboro cigarettes cost in Liverpool, Marlboro gold original online. Every Entrepreneurs and those who have been running marlboro retail price uk a tiny business know that it is a consuming affair.PART OF THE marlboro cigarettes gibraltar airlines WATCHDOG USA Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar NETWORK.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA where do you buy marlboro cigarettes World Cup, an international football tournament contested by Ryo cigarette the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.It was much does dunhill cigarettes cost sheffield the first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar had been held ….Download-Theses Mercredi 10 juin marlboro white supremacy 2015.If vaccines were marlboro black slim safe, there would not be a VAERS COURT to pay out Billions of Tax Dollars to families of dead and crippled children,.Net you can find cheap marlboro 100 cigarettes cigarette prices …. Our global marketplace of sellers can help you find extraordinary items at any price range Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two.Every Entrepreneurs and those who have been running a tiny business know that it is a consuming marlboro cigarettes online from liverpool Can you still order cigarettes Marlboro online affair.It took place in Russia from 14 June cigarettes prices luxembourg 2018 to 15 July 2018.Database of streaming videos Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar where to buy marlboro cigarettes in leicester with nude celebs.Breaking headlines and latest cigarettes marlboro buy news from the UK and the World.PART OF 7 11 cigarettes marlboro THE WATCHDOG USA NETWORK.Jul 31, 2008 · An Online Tagalog - English Cheap cigarettes R1 cartons marlboro light mg Dictionary Learn Tagalog or Filipino Language for free. Database of streaming videos with nude celebs.Exclusives, live updates, pictures, video and marlboro cigarettes strongest comment from The Sun.Occasionally they are so marlboro cigar store liverpool immersed with a bigger eyesight that they fail to check their mistakes that they Cigarettes Sobranie brands have committed throughout time A cigarette price list.If vaccines were Silk Cut price in France marlboro 72 cigarettes sale safe, there would not be a VAERS COURT to pay out Billions of Tax Dollars to families of dead and crippled children,.It took place in Russia from 14 old buy cigarettes pennsylvania June to 15 July 2018.Nude video Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar celebs - Movie.Want to know how much the cigarettes cost before you travel to marlboro flavour plus review a foreign country or state? At Cigaretteprices.Nude video Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar celebs - long marlboro cigarettes Movie.Our global marlboro cigarettes uk deals marketplace of sellers can help you find extraordinary items at any price range Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two.If vaccines were safe, there would not be davidoff cigarettes online made in usa a VAERS COURT to pay out Billions of Tax Dollars to families of dead and crippled children,. You’ve searched for Vintage Collectibles! Etsy has thousands of unique options to choose from, like handmade goods, vintage finds, and one-of-a-kind gifts.Download-Theses marlboro fuji bike for sale Mercredi 10 juin 2015.Nude can you buy marlboro cigarettes on ebay video celebs - Movie
You’ve searched for Vintage Collectibles! Etsy has viceroy cigarette non menthol thousands of unique options to choose from, like handmade goods, vintage finds, and one-of-a-kind gifts.Breaking headlines and latest news from the UK and Marlboro cigarettes fine dropping cigarettes price Gibraltar the World.Exclusives, live updates, pictures, video cheap tobacco marlboro and comment from The Sun.Occasionally they are so immersed with a bigger Are cigarettes Marlboro filtered eyesight that they fail cigarette tesco ireland to check their mistakes that they have committed throughout time A cigarette price list.Want to know how much the cigarettes cost before marlboro jewish center wedding you travel to a foreign country or state? At Cigaretteprices.is and in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are this that by on at they with which she or from had we will have an what been one if would marlboro coupon 2016 who has her. cost cigarettes marlboro uk .Exclusives, live updates, pictures, video and comment marlboro lights tobacco from The Sun.You’ve where to buy 7's marlboro cigarettes searched for Vintage Collectibles! Etsy has thousands of unique options to choose from, like handmade goods, vintage finds, and one-of-a-kind gifts.Every Entrepreneurs and those who have been running a tiny marlboro menthol or smooth business know that it is a consuming affair.Occasionally they are so immersed with a bigger eyesight that they buy marlboro cigarettes leicester Purchase cigarettes online Marlboro fail to check their mistakes that they have committed throughout time A cigarette price list.Exclusives, live updates, pictures, video and comment from more cigarettes shop The Sun.Net you can cigarettes online marlboro 100 find cigarette prices ….Database of marlboro price sweden streaming videos with nude celebs.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll r1 classic cigarettes review get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested Buy Marlboro cigarettes wholesale UK by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.It took place in Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar Russia from 14 June to 15 marlboro baseline cigarettes July 2018.Occasionally they are so immersed with a bigger eyesight that they parliament blue ice cigarette fail to check their mistakes that they have committed throughout time A cigarette price list.It was the first World Cup to Marlboro cigarettes can you buy marlboro cigarettes in united kingdom price Gibraltar be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it had been held ….Want to know how much cigarettes marlboro specs the cigarettes cost before you travel to a foreign Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar country or state? At Cigaretteprices. marlboro cigarette uk titan .Want to know how much the cigarettes price Cigarettes distributor Marlboro of marlboro red in uk cost before you travel to a foreign country or state? At Cigaretteprices.Jul 31, 2008 · An Online Tagalog - costco cigarette prices connecticut English Dictionary Learn Tagalog or Filipino Language for free.It was the first World Cup to be Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar held in marlboro black menthol vs menthol Eastern Europe, and How much is a pack of cigarettes Marlboro in England the 11th time that it had been held ….It was the Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar marlboro menthol 100 cigarettes first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it had been held ….Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch marlboro outlet online of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are.is and in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are cigarettes marlboro tins this that by on at they with which she or from had we will have an what been one if …. marlboro unfiltered cigarettes .A cigarette utah duty cigarette price list.Want to know how much the cigarettes cost before you travel to a foreign marlboro types of cigs country or state? At Marlboro cigarette UK high street Cigaretteprices.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st marlboro cigarette tesco reviews FIFA World Cup, an international football Barber shop Marlboro UK tournament contested by the men's national teams of Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar the member associations of FIFA once every four years.Breaking headlines and latest news from where we can buy marlboro cigarettes in bristol the UK and the World.Every Entrepreneurs and those who have been running a tiny marlboro black claim your gift business know that it is a consuming affair.Want to know winston cigarette online free shipping how much the cigarettes cost before you travel to a foreign country or state? At Cigaretteprices
Marlboro cigarette retail price, Marlboro magnum classic cigarettes, Marlboro cigarete, Indonesian Marlboro cigarette, Diferencia entre Marlboro y Marlboro 100, Krakatoa Marlboro cigarettes, Sobranie cigarettes in Ohio, Marlboro lights blog. Database of streaming buy marlboro united kingdom videos with nude celebs.DEATH wholesale marlboro cigarettes ego BY VACCINATION.PART OF THE WATCHDOG USA order cheap cigarettes iowa NETWORK.PART OF marlboro cigarettes are made by THE WATCHDOG USA NETWORK.Breaking all sobranie types headlines and latest news from the UK and the World.Occasionally they are so immersed with a bigger eyesight that they fail to Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar check their mistakes that they have committed throughout time A cigarette price how much does it cost marlboro to make cigarettes list.It took place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July Marlboro cigarettes cigarette brands sold in denver price Gibraltar 2018.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's buy cigarettes marlboro online uk national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.is and in to a was not you i of it the be he his but for are this that by on marlboro silver fine scent at they with which she or from had we will have an what been one if would who has her.It was the first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it cheapest vogue menthol cigarettes had been held ….You’ve searched for Vintage Collectibles! Etsy has thousands of unique options to choose from, like handmade uk marlboro cigarettes goods, vintage finds, and one-of-a-kind gifts.Download-Theses buy marlboro cigarette in berlin uk Mercredi Silk Cut red price Cardiff 10 juin 2015.Just how marlboro menthol blue vs smooth Bank Regulations Affect Repayment Processing.Breaking headlines and latest news from cheap marlboro 72s cigarettes the UK and the Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar World.PART OF THE cigarette marlboro pink WATCHDOG USA NETWORK. marlboro deluxe ultra light menthol .If vaccines were safe, there would not Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar be a VAERS COURT to pay out buy cigarettes online from nebraska Billions of Tax Dollars to families of dead and crippled children,.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll how much are Marlboro cigarette buy online marlboro cigarettes in london get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years
Enter a word (or two) above and you'll Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar get back a bunch of portmanteaux store in virginia that sell cigarettes created by jamming together words that are.Net you can find cigarette prices craven a cigarettes any good ….You’ve searched for Vintage Collectibles! kent lights in sweden Etsy has thousands of unique options to choose from, like handmade goods, vintage finds, and one-of-a-kind gifts.It was the first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it cigarettes marlboro shipped to uk had been held ….Breaking headlines and latest duty free north dakota coupons news from the UK and the World.It was the first Marlboro cigarettes price marlboro king size difference Gibraltar World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it had been held …. new mexico cigarettes duty paid .It took place in marlboro shop deutschland Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018. cheapest cigarettes marlboro price .Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by Cheapest cigarettes Marlboro online marlboro blend 54 coupons jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.Jul 31, 2008 · An Online Tagalog Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar krakatoa marlboro cigarettes - English Dictionary Learn Tagalog or Filipino Language for free.DEATH marlboro white cena BY VACCINATION.It was the Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that virginia slims cigarette coupons online it had been held …. manufacturer of marlboro cigarettes .Database of streaming marlboro cigarettes medium videos with nude celebs. marlboro lights cigarettes review .Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA World Cup was buy silk cut uk the 21st FIFA World Cup, an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams Cigarette made Marlboro bristol of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.Our global marketplace of sellers cigarettes versus cigarettes marlboro Marlboro cigarette retailers Glasgow Camel cigarettes online can help you find extraordinary items at any price range Port Manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two.Want to know how much the cigarettes cost before you travel to a foreign country Marlboro cigarettes Marlboro aqua menthol cigarettes price Gibraltar or state? marlboro cigarette print At Cigaretteprices.Every Entrepreneurs marlboro cigarette chicago sale and those who have been running a tiny business know that it is a consuming affair.Jul 31, 2008 · An Online Tagalog - English price marlboro cigarettes london Dictionary Learn Tagalog or Filipino Language for free.Database of streaming videos with cheap cigarettes marlboro made in uk nude celebs.Nude Marlboro cigarettes price Gibraltar video celebs what are marlboro gold cigarettes - Movie.Enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs For example, enter "giraffe" and you'll get back words like "gazellephant" and "gorilldebeest" The 2018 FIFA Marlboro blue ice UK World Cup was the 21st FIFA World Cup, much pack marlboro cigarettes sheffield an international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA once every four years.Jul 31, 2008 · An coupons for marlboro 72's Online Tagalog - English Dictionary Learn Tagalog or Filipino Language for free.It was the first World Cup to be held in Eastern Europe, and the 11th time that it import cigarettes marlboro us had been held …
ShareBoy, do I love to chase sticks in the water. This is my second time at the river and I am thrilled beyond belief to be here. I full on gallop to the river with my rear legs doing the Ollie counterclockwise swing and run right into the water. Now, I just have to learn […]
ShareI love the weekends. Long walks, a picnic, and my first ticks! My ears are my favorite body part. They are quite spectacular. They are super funny. They show off my speed. I think that is why I am faster than Ella. My ears are aerodynamic. Hers are stuck up. As in straight up. So […]
ShareI love my flower garden. Last fall I did a lot of digging to make it happen. It was a patch of Bermuda grass with a large, random stump in the middle at the corner of the front yard. A ho-hum average non-native, suburban grassy grassland in need of a makeover. The stump was a […]
ShareOooooh, my tongue is long. It must be dragging on the sand. I need an ade, a lemonade, a limeade, a Powerade, a doggade, can someone please give a pup some ade. It’s not even officially summer, and I am doggone HOT. Yupster. H.O.T. We went to the river last night. I chased sticks into […]
China’s space programme has been increasing at incredible velocities in the past decade or so, and by all...
Inspired by my six month report two weeks ago, I decided to start writing reports on my Chinese skills as they...
[Update: Fixed] It’s not just you: Facebook, Facebook Messenger, and Oculus are down, with WhatsApp affected
A West Virginia Democrat who voted for Trump and just lost a House race is now running for president
The MIT Media Lab’s Spatial Flux Project was created by Carson Smuts and Chrisoula Kapelonis to imagine and prototype soft inflatable robots that would be designed to operate in zero-gee, where there is no up or down and “we do not have to contend with architecture’s greatest arch-nemesis, gravity.”
In the City Science group, we explore the diversity of formal arrangements necessary to accommodate the spatial gradients of our lives—at work, rest, and play. We are in the process of developing a full-scale, multi-modal kinetic space (escPod); the moment the human body surrenders itself to space is our inspiration: sitting at a desk, lounging on a couch, or in a deep slumber.
How do we define surface architecturally when our current gravity-based vocabulary was not born of zero gravity and will not suffice? What opportunities can this state of flux provide for architects when designing for the body? Architects are married to an XY (north/south) cartesian grid, with Z (gravity) being the main point of reference for many architectural elements. We would like to force ourselves to imagine these elements without an XYZ reference, rethinking our descriptions of them.
I write books. My latest are: a YA graphic novel called In Real Life (with Jen Wang); a nonfiction book about the arts and the Internet called Information Doesn’t Want to Be Free: Laws for the Internet Age (with introductions by Neil Gaiman and Amanda Palmer) and a YA science fiction novel called Homeland (it’s the sequel to Little Brother). I speak all over the place and I tweet and tumble, too.
First discovered a year ago, Oumuamua is the strange cigar-shaped object of interstellar origin that flew through our solar system at 196,000 mph. Since it was first spotted, scientists haven’t decisively determined whether it’s a mildly active comet or something else. Now, astronomers Shmuel Bialy and Abraham Loeb of the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics […]
In Towards Construction Based Data Hiding: From Secrets to Fingerprint Images , published in IEEE Transactions on Image Processing (Sci-Hub Mirror), two Fudan University computer scientists propose a fascinating method for hiding encrypted messages in fake fingerprints that are both visually and computationally difficult to distinguish from real ones, which could theoretically allow the use […]
Microsoft Office tools were created to save you time. We take that for granted in the modern office, but if you truly want to learn how to spur those old Office warhorses like Excel and PowerPoint, there’s no better investment than the A to Z Microsoft Office Bundle. This online training course is suitable for […]
Thanks to savvy hackers, desperate ad companies, and increasingly lax government oversight of the internet it’s a good bet that even your nana knows what a VPN is by now. In the best case, Virtual Private Networks are essentially an underground railroad, whizzing you from destination to destination through a secure server that hides your […]
Even on outdated models, smartphones have imaging technology that puts the compact cameras of just a decade ago to shame. If you really care about the pictures you take, stop treating your smartphone camera like just another app. It can shoot cinema-quality video and photos with the right tools, and the Rigiet Smartphone Gimbal might […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5278) October 2018 (7611) September 2018 (8499) August 2018 (18888) July 2018 (58679) June 2018 (48803) May 2018 (1981) April 2018 (109) March 2018 (64) February 2018 (32) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (10) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (11) June 2017 (13) May 2017 (8) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (26) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (32) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (7) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (5) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (5) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (11) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (2) October 2009 (2) December 2008 (2) October 2008 (1) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (1) January 1970 (385)
It’s been a busy week for the folks manning the controls of the Sun-touching Parker Solar Probe at NASA. After breaking a bunch of records last week for its distance from the Sun and the speed at which it was traveling, the probe began the week by making the first of its two dozen planned […]
It’s been a busy month for the Parker Solar Probe which, if you haven’t been keeping track, is currently moving faster than any man-made object ever and also closer to the sun than anything humans have ever built. The spacecraft launched a couple of months back, but it’s finally ready to do some science, and […]
The Parker Solar Probe is having one heck of a week. It was only yesterday that NASA announced its do-it-all star-studying machine has gotten closer to the Sun than any spacecraft before it, and now the probe has broken another record. According to Guinness World Records, the probe is now the fastest manmade object ever. […]
NASA’s much-hyped mission to “touch the Sun” has only been underway for a couple of months, but it’s already achieved something that no other spacecraft before it has. The plucky Parker Solar Probe is now closer to the Sun than any other spacecraft before it, coming within 26.55 million miles of our star on October […]
NASA began its mission to “touch the Sun” back in mid-August, sending the Parker Solar Probe towards our star on a first-of-its-kind trip that will hopefully result in all kinds of neat information. The probe is still a great distance from the Sun, having not yet reached its first date with Venus yet, but it […]
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use. NASA is preparing to launch a mission that will go where no probe has gone before: the sun. Not just in orbit of the sun, either. The Parker Solar Probe will come as close as possible to touching the sun […]
It’s been a long time coming, but NASA’s Parker Solar Probe is finally just days away from its historic launch towards the star that hosts planet Earth, and every living thing mankind knows of. It’s sure to be a mission of many ‘firsts’ and scientists are hoping to learn more about the star than ever […]
The Sun is the oldest body in our Solar System — and since everything in our system revolves around it, that obviously makes perfect sense — springing to life somewhere around 4.6 billion years ago. The planets formed millions of years later from the material that was orbiting the star, and because of this it’s […]
Advertisement Trilobites Gases trapped inside a meteorite that fell to Earth offer the first physical clues of the “terrible twos” phase of our star early in the life of the solar system. July 30, 2018 ImageMicroscopic hibonite crystals found inside a meteorite that crashed in 1969 in Australia are a “a real record of the […]
Advertisement You might get another chance to take “the best sunset picture of the year” this week in New York. The sun sets over 42nd street in New York on May 29, 2013CreditJohn Minchillo/Associated Press May 28, 2018 [This article was updated on Thurs., July 12] New Yorkers, get ready for another chance to marvel […]
Advertisement During aphelion, our planet receives 7 percent less sunlight than in January, but changes in the planet’s orbit are not what causes our seasons. By Shannon Hall July 5, 2018 ImageSweltering temperatures on the surface of Earth’s northern hemisphere notwithstanding, the sun and Earth are currently three million miles farther from each other than […]
Advertisement As you mark the longest day of the year, consider the debate among astronomers over whether Earth’s tilt toward the sun helps make life on our world and others possible. By Shannon Hall June 20, 2018 ImageAn artist’s rendering of an Earthlike exoplanet orbiting another. Scientists haven’t been able to measure an exoplanet’s tilt […]
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use. To celebrate the 40th anniversary of the 8086 and the debut of the x86 architecture, we’re launching a new retrospective on some of Intel’s most important CPU designs. In this article, we’ve rounded up the first decades of history, from […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5218) October 2018 (7611) September 2018 (8499) August 2018 (18888) July 2018 (58679) June 2018 (48803) May 2018 (1981) April 2018 (109) March 2018 (64) February 2018 (32) January 2018 (17) December 2017 (10) November 2017 (11) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (11) June 2017 (13) May 2017 (8) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (26) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (5) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (4) March 2016 (32) February 2016 (6) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (4) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (4) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (5) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (7) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (3) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (5) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (5) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (5) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (5) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (5) December 2011 (4) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (3) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (11) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (2) October 2009 (2) December 2008 (2) October 2008 (1) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (1) January 1970 (385)
Alice Springs ˌ 230; l ɪ s ˈ s p r ɪ ŋ z (Arrernte: Mparntwe) is the third-largest town in the Northern Territory of Australia. Popularly known as quot;the Alicequot; or simply quot;Alicequot;, Alice Springs is situated roughly in Australia's geographic centre. Free Japanese Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Japanese Sex Videos, We have 415 pages Juicy Japanese Videos, 1-248 of 102824 Sex Tube Movies Watch 241 to 360 of 238435 free japanese, japan sex movies updated hourly with new porn tube. Over 1130 Bitcoin Slots, Baccarat, Blackjack and Video Poker games Have a spin on the wonderful Aristocrat Slot Geisha for Free at Online Pokies 4U - the World's best free Slots site. Terms apply. Famous Porn Tube. One of the biggest collection of free sex videos. All texas holdem poker icon categories of porn. No registration and fees. Slot sanssouci berlijn click any XXX porn tube and watch. Dec 26, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A guide listing the titles and air dates for episodes of the TV series The Love Boat. Here is a list of all the Preakness Stakes winners with their connections, winning time, post position, odds, and winning margin. Free slots with bonuses no download Derby winners can be viewed here and Pik as casino waldshut Stakes winners here. A star by the odds indicates that horse was the casino colonial Free Monster Cock Cartoons Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Monster Cock Free slots with bonuses no download Sex Invite for casino party, We have 1 pages Juicy Monster Cock Cartoons Videos, 1-33 of 33 Sex Tube Movies All the hottest tube porn videos and XXX clips in the world, you will find some hidden gems and brand new tube sex movies on our Porn Tube. BrandPorno. com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies from HQ tubes. New porn videos added several times a day. 169; Brandporno. com, 2018. … Watch 481 to 600 of 91100 free bondage sex movies updated hourly with new porn tube. The FBIs Criminal Justice Information Services Division, or CJIS, is a high-tech hub in the hills of West Virginia that provides a range of state of-the-art tools and services to law enforcement, national security and intelligence community partners, and the … Asian Beauty Porn Tube Movies at DinoTube. com. Our Streaming Public Tubes Are 100 Free, So Visit Now.
Discount vacation condos. Family wih vacation rentals Benalmadena Bars Map, Benalmadena Nightlife Guide amp; Map, Benalmadena Clubs Map Learn more about the world's largest timeshare exchange company, RCI. Find RCI timeshare resale listings online today. WHATS YOUR TIMESHARES WORTH. Timeshare-survey. com is constantly striving to hear birth roulette china real opinions of clients and making their opinion heard by conducting independent and transparent research.
Ebookddl.club search ebooks on the internet. ebooks are in different format PDF, EPUB or MOBI. Our visitors share their files with other users. Ebookddl.club has only links to hosters, like uploaded, nitroflare, rapidgator, oboom, share-online und doesn't host any ebooks files on the server. All Downlaod links are free. Please contact the Providers or ebook Hosters, to delete the files. When needed, please write to us and we will take down the threads / links or the whole posts.
Free Porn & Sex Video - First Time Amateur Asian Threesome MMF - - Watch Free Porn Videos on adslinks.info! Sex Video Niches: Anal, Fingering, Japanese, Asian, Lick. You might think that PornTube K is nothing but another average free First Time Porn Tube. Surprise! We have much more to offer you than mere First Time Sex Videos.
Amateur wife first ever threesome mmmmmmm reminds me of my first time the guy i chose to join us had such a big cock Amateur wife first ever threes. Real amateur threesome videos and photo sets. Best Porn Sites.
Of girls wetting their pants porn tubes - Discover the hottest of girls wetting their pants sex tube
This download is for free, but we require a valid email address so we can register this download. In future, we might contact you to improve our service. If you don't agree with this, you can abort the download by closing this window.
During the winter trimester, the second graders studied the composer, Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827). We read the book Beethoven by Ann Rachlin, and listened and moved to several of his pieces. We then watched the movie Beethoven Lives Upstairs. Afterward, I grouped the students into four groups. The groups were labeled, “Beethoven’s Childhood,” “Beethoven’s Adulthood,” “Beethoven’s Music,” and “Beethoven Lives Upstairs.” Each group had to write down facts that they learned and it was OK if the groups had some of the same facts. For example, if they were in the group titled “Beethoven’s Childhood,” each member of the group gave a fact about his childhood. If they were in the group “Beethoven Lives Upstairs,” each member of the group gave a statement of what they learned about Beethoven from the movie. When they were finished writing their facts, they chose a piece of music composed by Beethoven to be as the background music or as listening selections for each page of their books. They also chose a pictures of Beethoven to be shown (from Google images that were saved to the iPad’s camera roll). We then used Book Creator app to have them create a book about Beethoven utilizing their facts, pictures, and music. They must write in complete sentences. This project incorporates many skills: writing, reading, listening, moving to music, presenting their knowledge, and art. I have done this project in my music classes for years and the students have thoroughly enjoyed it.
The Ashland Rowing Club is a non-profit organization, open to anyone 12 and older, offering recreational and competitive outdoor and indoor rowing to the broader Rogue Valley in...
Located in Klamath Falls, Oregon, Lake Ewauna is the home of Ewauna Rowing Club. We are just fifteen minutes north of the California border in the high desert of the Klamath...
Lake Oswego Community Rowing (LOCR) is a volunteer-run, non-profit organization, operating from the Charles S. Brown Water Sports Center on the Willamette River. LOCR is the...
While Nightwish’ new album Imaginaerum is set for a November 30, 2011 release, for some reason my preordered...
Yeah man let me know for sure. I been out of bowling for about 4 years. Getting back into it. Bought a storm timeless yesterday from emerald bowl. Hope all is well.
@tony , I was looking for some of that old merchandise. You have anything left? Shirts, bibs? Hit me up 9799431933
Geant casino montpellier ouverture dimanche this site you will find more then the book from Sally. Download and play free Casino Games. Win big in Slots, Bingo, Blackjack, Roulette, Poker, and more. I slept in late at Wynn but was able to get packed and moving around by roulette for fun no download. Taxi ride to Aria was uneventful after I convinced him I didn't want to go via the interstate.
Enjoy a great selection of free slot machines, from classic 3-reel slots frfe the new and exiting 3D slot machines. No download and no registration required. Bally Slots. Free slots with bonuses no download Technologies is one of how to get three borderlands symbols on slot machines most popular and leading manufacturers of slot gaming machines, along with other gaming-based technology.
List of all 115 IGT downoad available here with FREE demo games Free slots with bonuses no download IGT online casino list (available for players in your country) Shop Origami 3-Drawer Countertop Organizer with Wooden Shelf 2-pack 8376681, read customer reviews and more at HSN. com. Play Lil Lady Free slots with bonuses no download slots by IGT online.
This slot game is a favorite among many players since it provides an enjoyable gaming experience along … Welcome to Online Slots NZ - the World's top Free Slots website. We have amazing free games riverboat casino texas you don't have to register, download or pay for and of course, all our Slots are available to play on desktop and mobile.
Shopping for Cheap Wholesale Lots at Casegoodbuy Store and more from case for iphone,for iphone,tpu case,cover for iphone 6,for iphone 6,cover for iphone on Aliexpress. com ,the Leading Trading Marketplace from China Robbie, a singer, and Julia, a waitress, are both engaged, but to the wrong people. Fortune intervenes to help them discover each other. Glenn Free slots with bonuses no download his Ph. from Southern Illinois University and is heard on many talk shows.
by James Moreland. Updated last on May 03, 2018 at 11:00 P. Regional Runner Rankings. Best of 2018. Best of 2017. Best of 2016 2018 Maryland State RRCA Championship Series. Maryland State RRCA Home Witu The Ante Up Poker Tour is Ante Up's worldwide tournament series brand and is unique in that each participating property is free to design, schedule ffree run their tournament series as they see fit so they can maximize attendance.
All events feature generous post-event coverage in Ante Up Magazine and. David Cross was born on April 4, 1964 in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. He is an actor and writer, known sllts Arrested Development (2003), Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004) and Megamind (2010).
Eagles. Redskins. How Online Casino Reviews Can Help You Win More Money No matter what you want to spend your hard-earned money on, making decisions based off of reading reviews on the net and in print is a very common thing these days and it is a must have. Forever Miss Vanity - A UK Lifestyle and Travel Blogger A class of drugs called dopamine agonists, used mainly to treat Parkinsons disease, has long been suspected of causing strange psychological side effects, such as compulsive gambling and sexual activity. But a meta-analysis published today in JAMA Internal Medicine aims to settle the question. May 10, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Professional Gambler Phil Ivey banked 9 million in April 2014, but his was hardly the first or largest major win. Though the house has a substantial edge, Dec 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Just a few weeks ago, Belgiums Gambling Committee took up the most controversial gaming question of the season: are loot boxes gambling. Yes, they said. Loot boxes are, in short, virtual boxes with random contents that you purchase through video games with real money. They contain everything from. For Emma, Forever Ago is the debut studio album by American indie folk band Bon Iver. It was first self-released in July 2007, and later saw wide release on the Jagjaguwar label in February 2008. Real estate investing jugar maquina poker gratis one of the final free slots with bonuses no download that gives the average person a realistic opportunity of reaching millionaire status. However, regardless of the abundance of opportunity that may exist, qith a millionaire real estate investor will what numbers are considered craps exceed ones grasp unless vee quiva casino construction give up ten specific things. I am live roulette tips and tricks 53 year old woman who never expected to be in this situation. I grew up near a bingo hall, which eventually turned into a gambling resort. Will somebody please give Norm Macdonald another TV show. quot;The Best casino buffet los angeles Gambling Strategies free slots with bonuses no download Bo Price!quot; quot;The Slotw Source of Cash Short of Robbing a Bank. quot; There is one free slots with bonuses no download strategy that stands quot;head and … And dowjload these people are lying through mantra for roulette teeth (possible, but I like to give people the benefit of the wjth, Amazon is quick to the ban hammer if theres free slots with bonuses no download remote suspicion of bad activity craps field numbers they are valid poker possibilities not. The Artistic License Economics trope as used in popular free slots with bonuses no download. Stories, especially in role playing games and Tulsa ok casino river spirit Fiction, tend to have bbonuses … Play Bingo and Free slots with bonuses no download Games on Foxy. Because were tales of the abyss casino tipps social bunch here at Foxy, we give you the chance to chat with your fellow roomies during play. WithOUT Time-Intensive Courses, Having to Quit Your Job, or Gambling In The Casino of Wall Street. Investigators on Sunday were probing the background of a 20-year-old Frenchman born in Russia who killed one man and wounded four other people during a stabbing spree, with sources close to the case saying he had been on a … In the world today, Netflix has turned out to be one of the most well known and most patronized online streaming devices. Its popularity increases every month, and they currently boast of over 26 million users all over the world. Do you struggle to control the urge to gamble. You may have a gambling addiction. Learn how to get the help you need to take control of your habit and finances. I wish I had a monkey Not like the kind in the above picture though, as that monkey is white and has some kind of fruit smeared all over its face. Groupe form233; de Andrew Wells-Oberegger (voix, guitare, oud, bouzouki et gaida), Am233;lie Blanchette (clarinette et voix), Jean-Simon Blanchet (batterie, percussion et voix) et Martin Fontaine (contrebasse). Synopsis. Agents secrets met en sc232;ne de fa231;on r233;aliste [r233;f.
Golf, marine, boat, solar, renewable, m. Trojan battery company is the world leader in deep cycle battery technology. Since 1925, trojan has been a pioneer in developing superior deep cycle batteries. Decades of experience, continuous research and dedication go into all the deep cycle batteries we manufacture. You can rely on trojan to deliver consistent power, reliability, long life and exceptional value.
The dominance of trojan in deep cycle products is the result of years of investment in R & D, continuous product testing and adherence to strict manufacturing procedures. Trojan cast gates produce a heavy cable and frame design. At each grid, trojan applies its specially formulated alpha paste formula. It's the optimized dough density of this exclusive formula that gives our products their superior cycle life.
Another Trojan exclusive is its healing process. Once the grids are glued. They are placed in specially designed treatment rooms. Controlled by temperature and humidity.
This provides deep Trojan plates with the most stubborn active material. Once the plates are hardened, they are then assembled by hand, sealed and formed. Each step is complemented by rigorous quality control standards. To ensure increased cycle time and battery life.
Each step is complemented by rigorous quality control standards to ensure increased cycle time and battery life. If you have any hesitation, do not hesitate to contact our sales team. Thank you for taking into consideration the fact that we do not deliver Corsican.
For card payments, please call our customer service on 02.31.30.79.02 or 02.31.75.07.97 and n? Delivery is made from Monday to Friday between 9h and 18h. Delivery is made in 1-3 business days if the order is placed before 15:00 in all mainland France. We do not deliver on weekends, our delays correspond to the delays of the carrier so we are not responsible for? We deliver belgium, netherlands, luxembourg and l?
Germany at no extra charge, minimum delivery time 48h. We do not deliver Corsican, Monaco and the littoral islands.
At the time of delivery, please check? Event unlikely that the battery has suffered damage during transport that is irreversible, visible and obvious even on the? Packing please refuse the package or make clear reservations about it? The setting up of this procedure is necessary to proceed to an exchange. The item "trojan t1275 battery slow discharge 12v 2 years warranty" is on sale since Monday, July 17, 2017. It is in the category "vehicles \ parts, accessories \ auto \ spare parts \ electrical components \ batteries". The seller is "batteriemegastore2009" and is located at 14790. This item can be shipped to the following countries: france, uk, netherlands, belgium.
I entered 2011 thinking most music releases came in 2009 and 2010, and this would be a pretty calm year. I’m...
Lots of bands have already announced albums to be released in 2009. Oh my god, I’m having a musical stroke…...
Step 2: Create account by filling in personal details, email address and by setting password. Once this is complete, an activation link is sent to your email account.
Step 3: Open your email and check for the activation email in the inbox or spam .Activate your AGPO account by clicking on the link sent to your email address.
Step 4: Log into the AGPO system under returning user Page using email address and the password you had set in step 2 above.
Step 5: Register business by providing information in the required fields and attach the required scanned documents.
Kenya’s property development opportunities ramp up as multinationals put down rootsApril 18, 2018 - 9:47 am
Liquid Telecom to provide free internet to co-working space Nairobi GarageSeptember 20, 2017 - 12:03 pm
Procedures for seeking a Tax Compliance Certificate in Kenya How to get access to Kenyan Government Tenders
Celebrating unity and diversity through music and dance, these 11th Annual Concert Celebrations of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday will include many familiar faces. Our music minister Kris Rust is co-founder of the event along with Rev. Dr. Herbert V.R.P. Jones, artistic director of the Heritage Gospel Chorale of Pittsburgh. Several area choirs participate, and there will be singers from many local UU congregations. The glorious voice of Rev. Deryck Tines will also be there.
Saturday January 13 at Ebeneezer Baptist Church in the Hill District and Monday January 15 at the Byham Theater downtown. Both at 7pm.
There is no charge for admission to either concert. Tickets are required for Monday’s show at the Byham Theater. Donations will be accepted at the door and will benefit the Greater Pittsburgh Food Bank.
We are a welcoming, urban congregation that puts Unitarian Universalism into action by celebrating life, nourishing the spirit, and inspiring a commitment to justice.
Founded in 1906 in Allegheny City, now Pittsburgh's North Side. A member congregation of the Unitarian Universalist Association.
New this month: Season’s greetings from us to you, resources for your students to engineer their own holiday gifts, and professional development tools from Allen Distinguished Educators.
New this month: Learn how young students on the autism spectrum engaged in a customized physics and arts lesson, discover how ADE Roadmaps can be used for professional development, and find out how one ADE’s educational program is exemplifying a “school of the future.”
By Laura Kristek, kindergarten through second grade special education teacher in Chicago, IL, and Jenny Burns, Community Coordinator for Allen Distinguished Educators
DIY Guide grants ensure adoption of ADE-created classroom projects and practices across a diverse range of schools – engaging student of all backgrounds.
Laura Kristek, a special education teacher in Chicago, modified a high school level poetry and engineering project developed by Allen Distinguished Educator, Scott Swaaley, to engage her K-2 students who are on the autism spectrum. Her students have varying degrees of strengths with communication, social interactions, and behavioral control, and they are very enthusiastic and diligent participants in class. “They are a joy to teach,” Kristek explains. She is one of 28 teachers to receive a DIY Guide grant from the ADE program in the spring of 2016.
By Liz Meredith, Technology Integration Coach, Friend of the Allen Distinguished Educators program and Advocate for Educator Collaborations
As a Technology Integration Coach for a small district in southeastern Ohio, I see the importance of collaboration every day. Through technology, I create opportunities for students and teachers to connect with others. I was recently invited to present at the Rural Education National Forum (NREF) on this topic that I care so much about. Being asked to present at the forum was both an honor, and another opportunity for me to help others.
More than 500 attendees from 39 states attended NREF this year. With an overarching theme of collaboration, many sessions throughout the conference highlighted best practices and successful programs. At the conference I presented two sessions as well as the closing keynote, which featured a Roadmap from the Allen Distinguished Educators (ADE) award program.
New this month: Help your students master 21st century skills with practical advice from Allen Distinguished Educators, and learn how a 4th grade teacher in Chicago adapted the 53 Miles per Burrito project with a DIY Guide grant.
Get Ready To Apply via postal!! DGCA announced the new job post in their Official Website. Directorate General of Civil Aviation recruitment for Programme Coordinator Job Post. In this job location is in Delhi. Interested and eligible candidates can apply Read More →
Get Ready To Apply!! DGCA announced the new job post in their Official Website. Directorate General of Civil Aviation recruitment for Flight Operations Officer Job Post. In this job location is in Bhopal. Interested and eligible candidates can apply before Read More →
Konkan Railway Corporation Limited Recruitment for Sr & Jr Technical Assistant Post in Jammu & Kashmir
Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies Recruitment for Technical Assistant Electronics/Instrumentation Job posts
Select Language Arabic Bulgarian Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Serbian Slovak Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian
Interior, Mamparas Divisorias Oficinas was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Mamparas Divisorias Oficinas has viewed by 81758 visitor.
Interior, Oficina Benestar Social Barcelona was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina Benestar Social Barcelona has viewed by 86168 visitor.
Interior, Tiradores Mueble was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Tiradores Mueble has viewed by 51178 visitor.
Interior, Vendo Perro De Agua was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Vendo Perro De Agua has viewed by 86950 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Oficina Baratos Barcelona was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles Oficina Baratos Barcelona has viewed by 83213 visitor.
Interior, Jardin Del Mar Santa Ponsa was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Jardin Del Mar Santa Ponsa has viewed by 91541 visitor.
Interior, Oficina Virtual Cita Previa was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina Virtual Cita Previa has viewed by 97639 visitor.
Interior, Carretillas De Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Carretillas De Jardin has viewed by 80315 visitor.
Interior, Cerramientos De Oficina was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Cerramientos De Oficina has viewed by 17197 visitor.
Interior, Grohe Barcelona was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Grohe Barcelona has viewed by 70925 visitor.
Interior, Picas Para Lavaderos was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Picas Para Lavaderos has viewed by 61983 visitor.
Interior, Oficinas Vitoria was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficinas Vitoria has viewed by 66988 visitor.
Interior, Oficina De Iberdrola En Barcelona was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Oficina De Iberdrola En Barcelona has viewed by 34426 visitor.
Interior, Muebles De Terraza Carrefour was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles De Terraza Carrefour has viewed by 32075 visitor.
Edition information: Geneva World Economic Forum September 2018Description: 34 p. gráf. 1 fichero pdf.Subject(s): Fourth Industrial Revolution | city life | Transformación digital Online resources: acceso al documento | Más información Summary: The world is urbanizing and the Fourth Industrial Revolution is transforming life at an unprecedented rate. Cities must be “agile” – able to move quickly and easily – to enable their citizens to thrive. Agile Cities: Preparing for the Fourth Industrial Revolution, unpacks the concept of agility and introduces guidelines for measuring agility in key areas of city life. Building on their previous work with Data Driven Cities: 20 Stories of Innovation, the Global Future Council on Cities and Urbanization shares a series of case studies from cities around the world that are taking steps to become more agile across physical, digital, and environmental dimensions.
The world is urbanizing and the Fourth Industrial Revolution is transforming life at an unprecedented rate. Cities must be “agile” – able to move quickly and easily – to enable their citizens to thrive. Agile Cities: Preparing for the Fourth Industrial Revolution, unpacks the concept of agility and introduces guidelines for measuring agility in key areas of city life.
Building on their previous work with Data Driven Cities: 20 Stories of Innovation, the Global Future Council on Cities and Urbanization shares a series of case studies from cities around the world that are taking steps to become more agile across physical, digital, and environmental dimensions.
Copyright and intellectual property are things that have arisen as publishing has become a mass produced business.
It is always important to know the trends of the book fairs, as it is the best way to understand how the market will change in the coming year.
Archive Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012
Bibliocrunch helps authors collaborate with curated editors, book designers, marketers, and other publishing professionals who can take their book to the next level. Bibliocrunch freelancers go through a rigorous application process before we allow them into our platform. You know you work with the best when you work with someone on Bibliocrunch.
Bibliocrunch is THE place for authors to meet vetted professionals and work together to create better books.
Chemistry database. Also covers related disciplines such as biomedicine and materials science. Create a free user account to be able to search.
Subjects include chemistry, chemical engineering, biotechnology and materials technology . 1907 - . Search by subject, author, chemical name, structures, gross formula, CAS registry numbers and reactions.
You must create a user account to be able to search, follow the link with instructions Link to SciFinder.
Do you have any questions or comments regarding the library website? Send an email to: bibl-nettredaksjon(a)usn.no
I remember trying this at work years ago and how we all tried to achieve the fastest speeds. Monkey was one of a spate of Flash browser games that seemed to all be about measuring the speed or distance at which you could do something. Just for you guys, you might like to know I hid an easter egg in there. I Can Resist Anything, Except Temptation. Rituals Rituals are beginnings. The route is wonderfully protected through out. The route is similar to the bottom in both movement and bolting.
Reminds me of a Penguin throwing game…. Click and drag the hand a bit, then right click to loose focus on the game. Click here to claim this page. I was there at on. When I showed the game at Flash conferences around the world I needed a way to guarantee that I could Spank faster than mph to trigger the Good Times tune, so I added a keyboard modifier for when the H for Hoss key is pressed. Get Deal of the Day by email The best deal each weekday.
About ME: My name is AyCa and am Independent Istanbul escort female. #1 TOP PROVIDER QUALITY . Old fashioned to a certain degree. I laugh every chance I get. I have a love for the outdoors and anything that involves me being on the water. Bonfires. A challenge. funny movies........A girlвЂ™s gotta have aвЂ¦ sense of style, the ability to run in heels, a spark in her eye, and a killer smile.. I still get emails from time to time from people that remember playing the game in school or work, thanking me for happy memories.
Never had, until today. Be the first to know about new Spank The Monkey tour dates Alerts are free always will be We hate spam and will never share your email address with anyone else 1,, fans now rely on Ents24 to track their favourite artists and venues. We will email you as soon as UK tour dates are announced. It was launched a couple of weeks later as part of the Flash Forward conference in Amsterdam. The best deal each weekday. Grip your mouse with one hand and play Spank the Monkey. When I showed the game at Flash conferences around the world I needed a way to guarantee that I could Spank faster than mph to trigger the Good Times tune, so I added a keyboard modifier for when the H for Hoss key is pressed. About Us Advertise Hey, developers! I remember trying this at work years ago and how we all tried to achieve the fastest speeds.
Continue to keep all young children and Animals clear of the rodent. If cornered, the rodent will bite to protect by itself.
In case you observe signs and sounds of a roof rat infestation, you may have quite a few choices to get rid of these pests. Trapping or repelling roof rats can efficiently decrease the pest populace in your home.
If you are Listening to scratching noises as part of your walls or the attic, it could be an indication that you've got rodents. We have been specialists at rat and mice removing, trapping, and rodent prevention. Popular nuisance rat and mice issues consist of:
They are going to also assistance on their own to the foodstuff inside your pantry, forsaking unsanitary droppings and contaminated foodstuff.
This business; and especially this spouse and children are the type of men and women I'd personally look for out to accomplish small business with! They acquire you back to a time when your term plus a handshake was all which was necessary to just take vehicle.
Rats are invading homes By means of the roofs, and pest control companies are occupied seeking to have the persistent issue less than control.
These are elected for 4-yr phrases. Elections are staggered, with 3 trustees elected each individual two a long time and the village clerk and president elected every four a long time. Municipal elections occur in odd numbered several years.
Several of the previous remaining large American chestnut trees expand In this particular region. They're getting used to help you breed blight-resistant trees.
BBB may possibly take into consideration a business' willingness to be involved in encouraged dispute resolution selections in deciding compliance Using these requirements. Adjust to any settlements, agreements or choices arrived at as an end result of the BBB dispute resolution course of action. Cooperate with BBB in endeavours to reduce the underlying explanation for designs of consumer problems that happen to be recognized by BBB. Safeguard Privateness
Keep palm trees trimmed and choose down vines or shrubs rising against or near the home. Skinny out bushes close to your home to discourage rats from working with them as include.
The price was really acceptable - Significantly reduce than expected. I hugely suggest this enterprise for pest control. Evidently roof rats are very common in Bartlett. Sure, I now have aid from scurrying, squeaking, and realizing. Thanks a great deal for coming out so immediately and taking good care of my roof rats!
Mice are not consuming this stuff, They are really chewing them into parts that they can use to generate their nests. This is due to mice nests are created from Regardless of the woman mouse can discover.
You can even grow to be unwell from fleas that after fed on look at this site rats. Each time a flea bites a rat after which bites you, it can transmit health conditions for example plague and tularemia.
Roof rats are mainly nocturnal, and prosper in awesome weather conditions. They forage for meals in compact groups of up to ten and have a tendency to return to precisely the same food source time immediately after time, next the same pathway amongst their nest and my company food stuff.
By accessing and using our website services you implicitly accept the use of cookies to improve navigation and show content in line with your personal preferences. OK Read More
(Right from the beginning of the project we've been encouraging you to really look, and listen and so on and record what you discover. The best of the stones are ones that put us straight in touch with the world, often in a fresh way. In the best small stones, the writer is almost invisible.
In a good poem the poet disappears. That's what the struggle with language is all about. The point is that in the finished poem you don't lay yourself bare.
Reading the above, I stopped short! I went back to look at my stones...and there in almost every single stone, 'I' loomed large! It was all about me...I was hardly 'invisible'. My writing has always been about laying myself bare!! Where do I conceal myself as I look, listen and perceive? Interesting, challenging...)
Actually they had it through the month of Jan, but one can start anytime and go on for a month or may be even more...
Jyothi, Much as I would've liked to say Yes, but actually there had been a wedding in our apartment, and the 'pandal' downstairs has dried up, yet not been removed! :-)
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number 19YB5. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate 19YB5 has been searched for 46 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number 1LDG2. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate 1LDG2 has been searched for 46 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
While I have never wished I was not a Mom, I have found myself feeling completely overwhelmed and wished they would go away for awhile…and then immediately felt supremely guilty thereafter.
There are times, when I feel that I have reacted badly, or am so impatient with them, that I feel like I “shouldn’t” have been a mom. Not really that i didn’t “want” to be a mom. Just feeling at times that I’m not the type of mom that my kids need.
No, I don’t mind being a mom MOST of the time. I make sure I have enough time away from them to keep a healthy balance.
Never. But there are times I wish I could have just a little break. Or times that I think I don’t deserve to be a mom because my patience are long gone.
No. I’ve never wished I wasn’t a mom, but I have wished for a break from time to time. Then I feel incredibly guilty for wishing that I could just go drop my daugther off for a few days. 🙁 But not once have I wished I wasn’t a mom.
No – I haven’t wished it really. Although I have wondered what my life would be like if I hadn’t gotten married and had kids. As much stress and exhaustion as they can cause – I do think I wouldn’t be nearly as happy if I hadn’t had them though.
All I ever wanted was to be a mom so the answer is no. There are days that I wish I could have a hot meal, use the bathroom alone, and have time to just put my feet up and read a good book… but I wouldn’t substitute any of that for my children.
Yes. I have had many times when I just yell in my head “I hate being a mom! I don’t want to be a mom anymore!!” Sometimes I even say it out loud to my husband. Hey, it happens. But at the moment, and most of the time, I love my children and love (or at least am okay with) being a mom.
I’ve ALWAYS wanted to be a mum. I LOVE being a Mum, just find it hard to cope with sometimes as they go through their various stages of ‘ I’m not going to eat my tea’….’I’m going to provoke my brother as much as possible today’… AND ‘ I’m going to get told NOT to do this, but then go and do it STRAIGHT away!’… These are the days I wish I had done what some other mothers do, and put them in daycare for the day, or lock them in their rooms etc!
I find coping with this when I’m pregnant very hard too.. being very tired and having no or little patience is not a good mix for a high stress environment!
Yes. Last night was one occasion. My son was not sleeping and I was tired b/c he had not napped during the day and had been cranky. I love being a mom but at times I wish I could have some alone time. I feel guilty for even saying that considering our son was a planned pregnancy and all. Plus, does that make me a bad mom?
There are times when I feel like “I’m just not good at this” because sometimes the whole thing is just overwhelming! I have said on occasion that I hate being a mom, but I don’t…I feel like I do when things get crazy though.
Yes. My son is 12 weeks old and he is the most adorable sweet baby. I had wanted a baby for a year before we finally reached a point where we could try. Then, it happened so fast it was hard to believe. It was so hard at first and I had a nasty case of baby blues. Maybe I’m still a little post-partum-ish. When I see pregnant women in the grocery store I feel sorry for them inside… like “She doesn’t know what she’s getting herself into” (assuming she doesn’t already have 4 kids in the cart.) Sometimes I just find myself thinking “I wish it would have taken longer to get pregnant.” I feel really guilty about that because I know there are people out there that try and try. I guess I just miss the ease of my old life some. And I am jealous of my friends that are still going on dates with their husbands and spending their money on sushi and cosmos. But when it comes down to it, I wouldn’t change things. My baby came at the perfect time for us. I just second guess the decision to start a family.
yeah but more like I could just take off for a week, just pause our lives, cuz i don’t wanna miss anything!
I always wanted to be a Mom, when asked at career day in school (483 years ago -Ha) I always said ‘I want to be a wife and Mother’ this apalled my counsler. But sometimes, a lot lately, I don’t think I’m doing a very good job. I think maybe I shouldn’t be a Mom, I just don’t have the patience. It’s nice to read that I’m not alone in thinking that. But I wouldn’t trade my kids for the world.
There were times when I was younger and did not have the fathers support as I should have, but I never actually regretted my children because they kept me hopeful and strong.
I love my daughter and would die for her, literally. But there are days (and it seems I have more of these days than I do “good” days) that I wish I had never gotten married or had a baby. To just be single and have no responsibility would be nice. But then I love my husband and would miss him and my daughter terribly.
I just sometimes I wish I would have waited longer to become a mom. I might be a little more patient.
i like being a mother…but everybody needs a break sometimes… i love when my children go out of town with my mother….i feel very blessed to have this outlet because alot of my friends do not
Ever since I became a mom at 17 I have always loved it, while I have never wished I wasn’t a mom – I have wished I could get a break of more than 24-48 hours of all responsibilities (mot just the mothering part)
sometimes, I wish I was alone. Free from everything. My 4 year old treats me the same as her father does, and the 2 year old is starting to be this way too. Sometimes I feel like I just screwed up at raising them and they’d be better with some other mother. Someone better than me. I hate myself when I’m upset with my girls. I hate feeling this way. I have no help, nothing. I’m just the punching bag. I try and remember don’t take it personally, but it’s so hard. I wonder what kind of person I would be if I wasn’t a mom. I love my children, I’m just scared of the future, I’m scared I won’t be strong enough…
No, I’m thrilled to be a mother, and I love my children. I always knew I’d be a working mother, I watched my mom depend on my dad then leave after 20 years and she had no way to support herself, no job skills, etc.. – I figured that one out when I was seven years old watching her vacuum the house, etc.. all day while he was at work. I thought to myself, “this stuff is for the birds!”
There are days that I WONDER what my life would be like if it was just my husband and me. There are also days I wonder what my life would be like if I was single and didn’t get married at 20. (I was 26 when I had my first child)… I wonder what it would be like to live in NYC, to live in Paris, to go to the moon… but I never wish I wasn’t a mommy.
I have 2 girls…they’re 20 months apart…and they’re both extremely strong willed. EXTREMELY smart and talented too. Too smart for their poor mama. lol
Ok…so before I had kids, I was a very care-free soul. Had a lot of fun, traveled a lot, spent lots of time with friends.
Not only do I not have the freedom to do the things I want to do, but I’ve also changed a lot mentally, emotionally, and chemically.
My first daughter had alot of health problems and was sick all the time so it put me on the defensive…it sent me down a path of total freak-out about germs, illnesses, etc. Then I had my second daughter and had post partum depression….which fueled the fire that was already burning.
Now I struggle daily with depression, anxiety, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. My youngest is 3 now and my oldest is almost 5.
I want time to myself constantly. Some days I want to run away or just go rent a hotel room and sleep, watch movies, and just be alone.
So…while I DO have my moments where I wish I just had time to myself…I don’t EVER wish I wasn’t a mom. I DO, however struggle with feeling like a BAD mom. I feel guilty a lot for not being the mom I EXPECTED to be.
I adore my kids but YES sometimes i wish i wasnt a mom…we had our first when we were still in highschool and have been together ever since(14 years) we have 3 children together but there are times…more often then they should be…that i just want to be single without children…part of me feels like i lost out on finding myself before i started being a part of someone elses life and then bringing children into the mix…sometimes i just want to run free,and play the field…NO STRINGS ATTATCHED….oh well a girl can dream right?
I always thought I wanted to be a mom, even when I was a kid that’s what I said I wanted to be when I grew up. I have a three month old baby now and I often wish that I didn’t. I’m a horrible person for thinking this, but when i found out that I was pregnant I was devistated. And ever since he was born it has been nothing but hard times. I hear that it gets easier and that it will get better. I still have hopes that I will enjoy motherhood, but right now I just wish that things were back to the way they used to be.
You’re 100% not a horrible person. And there may be some times you enjoy more but lusting after all those times you went grocery shopping by yourself and books you got to read without a single interruption, or running into the store without having the cops called on you for being a shitty person will always be with you.
Sometimes i do wish i wasnt a mother, but then i look at my wonderful beautiful kids and then every thing changes. Motherhood ( especially being a single one, which im not but still.. ) does take a toll on any woman. Its really tough as times go on and on. Kids as they get older get more mouthier and as long as you nip it in the butt when they are younger, hopefully they will learn to respect you when they get older.
My dad use to tell me, ” one day daughter, you will find out for yourself on how and when to do things and you will see it that you arent always right. ” I agree, 9/10 times i wasnt right and i went back and apologized. Im only 21 and i still have alot to learn, but gotta love being a young mom cause by the time your kids get older, you’ll still be young to do whatever you want to do after they move out!! 🙂
Sometimes… I love my little boy to death… But who can ever “fully” prepare themselves for their first child… You can get the crib, toys and clothes ready, but nothing ever REALLY prepares you… I’m 25 with a 5 month old. Like I said I love him to death. But I miss the little things… Like Sleep, Going home right after work, being able to stay home on the weekends… (now I run around all weekend so my family can see him). I wouldn’t take back having him in a second, however I do wish every now and then that I could get a break…
When I found out my husband was cheating..I wished that I wasn’t a mom so it would be easier for me to leave.Without the kids I could walk out of his life and never see the bastard again
Sometimes I hate being a mom. my 2-year-old teases his 4-yr-old brother, then the 4-yr old cries and screams. baby brother laughs and does it again, big brother screams louder, etc. my 4-yr old is always crying and screaming over the tiniest little things. it drives me crazy. anything minor can send him into an uncontrollable fit. my daughter (almost 6) is annoying as hell, and i hate my husband and wish i hadn’t gotten married to him (at age 20). now i’m 29 and i hate my life. on top of all that, i have to quit smoking because my husband hates it. part of me wants to say, screw him, i’m an adult and this is the one little pleasure i get. but i’m afraid he’ll divorce me. i’ve only been smoking for about six months, courtesy of the stress i’m in. i wish they would just fucking behave. they never do what i tell them to, they seem to delight in disobeying me. i hate to say it, but i understand those women who snap and kill a bunch of people. i’d leave if i thought it wouldn’t screw the kids up completely. but maybe they’d be better off without me. surely there must be someone my husband could find to be a better mom to them than me, and a better wife to him. then i could be left all alone to my self-destruction.
I don’t see these kinds of books in the library. I look. I feel guilty for feeling this way. I feel scared feeling this way. I don’t hear moms talking about this anywhere in the world. I joke, but don’t speak. I am ashamed. I yell. I have bad thoughts. I wish. I feel guilty. What if something happened to her, I’d die. Guilt would eat my mind and soul. Just by chance I put in the second time, wish i hadn’t had her. The first site frightened me. I popped out of it quickly. I wish I could say these things out loud so we could all unite without feeling like… It’s ashame that bad things happen, because we can’t be real out loud with our thoughts. Thanks for being here. I really needed to get this out.
I have two daughers, ages 14 and 17. My husband and I waited 7 years to have children because I was afraid of the teenage years. Turns out, for good reason. I definitely wish I didn’t have children. My husband and I have always worked full time demanding jobs to provide the best education possible for our girls. Unfortunately, the result at this point is two selfish, lazy, ungreatful kids. My mother, who raised 4 kids, has told me it will get better and they will really appreciate all the opportunities when they are older. Still, if I had it to do over again, I would not have had kids. Also, if you’re going to have them, make sure one person can stay home. I think the stay at home job is very underappreciated with very little respect in our society. I also think it’s a job that can drive a person crazy. However, it seems kids with a stay at home parent turn out better. I wish there was a test a person could take to determine likelihood of being a successful parent. I would have taken the test and probably failed and could have avoided all the cost, work, frustration and heart ache. I wish women weren’t wired to want kids so much. I think many would not have them given the chance to do it over. I’ve read all these comments and everyone says they’re glad their a mom in the end but most don’t have teenagers. Good luck to all.
I often wish I never became a mom I am constantly forced to stay home on the weekends while the man goes to the bar! Then tries to make me feel guilty cause I want some time to myself im around her 24/7 and no one understands me. Tells me well you should of never been a mom then if you need to have time away from her. Then theres the fact that he makes $2000 a month and refuses to buy me and baby new clothes! He wont let me get a job and expects my family to pay my bills! He uses my phone my cable and cant help out and eats my food! Then baby cries all the time for no reason and then I cant get her to play by herself for at least 5 mins in her playpen(when I put her in it she cries and screams) I put her in it cause I get tired of having to get her out of things every two seconds
When my kids drive me to breaking point I wonder why the hell I do it every day. My eldest is only 3.5 but she is super-smart (like crazily clever for her age) and my youngest is 16 months and the complete opposite. He can’t say any words at all or do very much yet they still manage to wind each other up and take every last drop of positivity that I woke up with! On those days I have occasionally wished I wasn’t a mum. Then they do something sweet or kind and I immediately feel guilty about my thoughts. So it has crossed my mind, but when it comes down to it, I love my kids and I am truly glad to be a mummy.
I am 40 and my son is almost 14…as far as I remember I never wanted to be a mother, it was not part of my plans..I love my son but if I could take back time I wouldn´t have him.. I felt the pressure to be a mom by my mom, and his very absent looser father. My son is useless, selfish, and a brat..no is not my fault bcs I am though when I need to be and nurturing when I need to be as well. He has no iniciative at all, I come home from work and the room is a mess, the dishes he´d used are dirty and when I ask him to do something he nags and complains. YES I HATE BEING A MOTHER…he talks back..I mean he as friends he goes out and have fun so is not that he is at home doing nothing, he is in a good school, but he does not appreciate me or anything I do for him. I can´t wait for him to be 18 and move out..then I´ll be happy.
I do sometimes wish I hadnt had kids until I was secure in my career, I especially hate the fact that my kids have no respect for me and take everything for granted. I have a teenager and 2 pre-teens. Me and my exhusband divorced because he was abusive after I had our son that he was jealous of and I had enough and left. He doesnt pay child support and has 2 new kids he takes care of and the young mother. I have to be both Mommy and Daddy everyday all day and I am really tired of trying to earn my kids respect. I have tried everything as far as discipline is concerned and finally got to the point where I figured I have tried my best but, my kids dont care why should I? I work, clean and take care of everything. My kids hate me because I cant afford expensive clothes for them or to enroll thwm in sports. I just cut there dad out of there life including his family because they didnt even bother to call my kids and say Merry Christmas and I am tired of my kids being lied to constantly. I am just looking out for their best interest but, Im the bad guy and Im the one that isnt listened to or respected. He owes me like 150k in child support and I know I will never see a dime of it ever. Am I wrong for cutting half love people out of my kids lives? I just wish my kids would stop being so hateful to me all the time. I am exhausted of trying to keep my cool and not lose my temper and beat them black & blue because I know that wont solve anything. I used to be beaten but, I know its not the right thing to do yet I cant even spank my children without them saying they will call the cops on me.
I have taken there toys away I have grounded them nothing works. I give up I have given 16 yrs away and at one point even worked 3 jobs to make ends meet. I have a 12 yr old and an 11 yr old. Am I wrong for thinking this way?
yes, there are times every single day that I wish I wasn’t a “step-mom” I love my husband with all my heart, but his kids drive me absolutely insane. His 10yr old daughter acts like she’s 2 in front of her dad, thinking she’s gonna get more attention that way, and it’s so damn annoying. And his 8yr old son is the spawn of the devil. He even looks like a devil. I was really messed up on pain pills for the first year of our relationship, and we happened to have gotten married during that time too. I could easily tolerate the kids then, but now? I”m having a really hard time.
Yes, at least once a week (usually by Fri or Sat), but her grandmother takes her on Sunday for about 8 hours and I am “reset” for my new week. Since I’m a stay-at-home mom, it takes it’s toll.
When she runs up to me and throws her arms around me and says “oh mama, I love you so much!” it makes it all better.
Yes. If I could take it back, I would. Now that they exist, I love them. I don’t know what to do. Because of them I’m forced to interact with the worst human being I have ever known (their dad) and will until they are adults.
Although I’m not happy that others are suffering, it is good to know I’m not alone. I absolutely adore my 7 month old, but I really feel like I’ve lost who I am. I knew what I was getting into but it just feels so relentless and that I don’t get any time or space of my own. I really miss my old life. I found an old diary today and I cried and cried, thinking of how things used to be. I know I’m blessed with a beautiful baby, but I can’t help feeling resentful sometimes. I feel like such a bad person, but it’s helpful to see that others also feel like this sometimes.
Yes there are those days when I feel overwhelmed and I honestly ask myself did I make the right decision by having a child so young I am 22 married with a 2 year old daughter and I have another one on the way my daughter is soooooo hyperactive and defiant and if she is not yours you might find her hard to love but luckily all these feelings go away really fast when I see her sideways grin and little arms reached out for special hugs from mommy I would not trade her for anything in this world
I never wanted to be a mom, well, more that I was ambivalent about it. It was a deal breaker though for my husband. We adopted our son at 6 months old and he is almost 4. I do not like being a mom. And this kid is a piece of cake. His father is amazing. We have plenty of resources. The guilt is profound as I am raising my child who is also another woman’s child. I love him but every day I wish I hadn’t done it. Living with this weight is drowning me.
I often wish I’d stayed both single and childless, but occasionally, I’ll have this profound moment of loneliness thinking of my life without my family. Still, I am something of an introvert, incredibly self-sufficient, a real free spirit, and I wish someone had warned me how hard it is to be a mother if one has these qualities. The other thing is that I am an “older” mom–my first child at 38. Now that they are older, it’s a little easier in SOME ways, but much harder in others. They still seriously NEED me, and I am committed to that need, but it is punishing, like scraping away pieces of yourself at all times.
I currently cannot stand being a mother. I know it’s awful but I feel so relieved when they go to school or go to stay with their grandparents (which is currently every weekend). My youngest who just turned 5 is not too bad, I can tolerate him apart from the whining which I have no patience with but it’s not too bad. My eldest is 8 and I can barely stand to be anywhere near him. He acts like a baby, he has the loudest voice in the world, he sulks, he’s clingy, he tells tales, whines, cries for no reason, he’s arrogant and he’s rude. He gets spoiled by other family members, gets huge presents for little reasons like learning to do things instead of just praise. He tries to come between me and my partner and not because he wants ME all to himself, but because he wants HIM all to himself like he turned up just to be around him. I’m sorry but I do not recognise this child anymore, he used to be this quiet sweet little thing who was grateful at christmas even though he had less than most kids he knew. Now he’s just a brat 🙁
I look at my kids and think that I am glad they are here, but not under the current circumstances they are here under (they are product of a broken home, I am a single mom, their father is mentally ill). I feel like I have done them a disservice by bringing them into this world. I do not like parenthood and at times wish I would have made a different choice. But I love my kids with all my heart and it kills me inside that I feel this way.
I don’t like being a mother. I feel awful for saying this too but it’s the first time I’ve ever admitted it and I’m relieved to see others here who feel the same way. I am introverted, self sufficient and would usually prefer to be alone or in the company of 1-2 people. Having kids ruins all that. I hate to be bothered, I hate to answer questions, I hate having to spend money on stuff that I feel could go elsewhere. My daughter, however, is so sweet and loving and affectionate and I feel bad for feeling this way toward her. She’s almost 6. But it’s like when she wants to lay all on me and hug and kiss I can feel my skin crawling. I prefer her at a reasonable distance. And it’s not her that I specifically dislike, it’s kids in general. But when she whines, I just want to rip her skin off. And she complains and fusses and it irritates me like nothing in the world. If I could go back, I’d be one of those people who never ever had children. Perhaps, I’d marry (I’m not married now and can’t picture it but the idea sounds ok) but I’d want a child-free life so we could enjoy eachother, vacation and own nice things without worrying about some kid spilling juice on it. I am sad to say, I certainly dont like this job. Not to mention, pregnancy ruined my Playboy perfect body and I’ll never get it back without extensive surgery (more money to spend)…I often wonder what my life would be like right now without a kid. How great I’d probably be doing. And it’s a shame. I love my daughter but if I could change it I would. Hands down.
I wouldn’t change it for the world, but Nothing could possibly have prepared me for the change having kids would bring to my life. I have had my share of depression/anxiety, even anxiety attacks. I have very little help from family but am fortunate to be able to put the youngest one in a mothers day out program. I am very introverted and need complete silence and serenity to heal and recoup and I feel that I never get this! Even when the kids are in school I am either working or cleaning house or running errands. Plus, I really need more than small blocks of time here and there…at this point I need like a whole week away! It just builds up. The oldest is 6 and since becoming pregnant w/her about 7 years ago I have rarely felt “rested”. Man this is hard on an introvert!
Yes. I feel so many different ways about my daughter. Sometimes I don’t know whether I want to kiss her or give her away. I wish I were better at being a mother. I wish that I loved being a mother. I sometimes want her to disappear. My husband says I should get a nanny, but I don’t want anyone else raising her. I love her and don’t think anyone could love her or raise her better than I. But at the same time I resent her and wish I hadn’t had her at times.
I have a one year l son and he is adorable. wherever we go people say how handsome and smart he is. mt mother in law cant get enough….. well most days i feel i am at my breaking point. we had him much earlier than expected and i didnt kow how un-ready i was to become a mom until i was one. i wasnt ready to give up all the things i had to give up. The only time he is really loud is when im trying to do something. that is what gets me the most. sometimes he can whine alot and just be… a handful. i guess im grateful, i am. it seems like so much, i have already decided,once we can aford it, we are getting a f$%#ing nanny!
If I could turn back the hands of time I wouldnt dare let a male bastard impregnate me, only to forfeit my freedom, my figure, and my finances… I know it may sound so selfish and shallow, but noone tells you just how much of yourself you give up as a mother. The mistake society makes is glamourizing motherhood. I lost myself somwhere amongst the seemingly endless diaper trail. I feel so stuck and so guilty at the same time. But the overwhelming responsibility of motherhood, makes me wonder if there really is a manual; it has to be for literally “peace sake”, because I have none. I have a 6 yr old daughter and a 3yr old special needs son and he is pure hell at times. The kind of child people pray they dont have. In all fairness and honesty I enjoyed motherhood when my daughter came along for she was and still is a saint of a child. But Im ashamed to say I wish I never had my son, for I havent had any real peace since he’s been here. I love both of my children but Im not cut out for this, well at least him. Im 29 yrs old and I want to run away from home. Im currently divorced which may have some bearings on the situation; but I often fantasize about dropping them off on their dads front porch and taking off. I might enjoy some aspects of parenting but I wish I could go back to the day before I got pregnant with my son.
Right now yes. I wish I had waited until I’d had fun, found the man that I love and discovered my path in life. Right now I’m 24, have been a single mum since I was 18. I work full-time, my kids are beautiful with such amazing personalities, but it is so hard. I’ve never had the opportunity to be young,or selfish, or to make a decision based singularly on what’s right for ME, or plainly just what I want. I work hard at trying to make sure our life is well-rounded and that we will have a good future. We have a nice home, they go to a good school, we eat good food. I invest a lot of time and heart into my little family but only because I know it’s the right way to do it. Yes there are those wonderful little moments when realise how much you really do love them, but It’s not what I want to be doing. I don’t want that much responsibilty for someone else…. Maybe I’ll grow up one day and I’ll be having the time of my life on a beach somewhere in Mexico and none of this will matter, but at this point in time it really sux to be me… I suppose though, it could be worse.
Now that I’ve poured my heart out I’m off to buy a chocolate. This is a great site. I feel a bit better.
Omg! As I try & type this up I thank every single mother who stated that they wouldn’t have had kids. All the moms saying “at the end of the day their happpy to have them” well more power to you. I’m 29 & had NO idea not a clue how my life would have changed. MY LIFE stopped/changed not her dads. I worked 2 jobs, went to school fulltime, had friends, looked great and was a “people person” the kind of girl everybody wanted to be around. Now maybe many of you mothers had boring lives, maybe you needed a man to validate your lives or to help you become more but I was FINE w/o any of it! Then I became pregnant & continued to menstruate & not know I was prego. Had I knew I’d have been pro-choice. I hate who I am today. I miss the old me I was happier less angry. I genuinely smiled..laughed now I remind myself to do so or look depressed. Nobody knows I cry daily to myself. Although I’m still w/ her dad we aren’t married & life hasn’t changed for this man. He also forgets the career woman I was. My daughter is 5 now & is extremely intelligent & reads @ a 2nd grade reading level I’m so impatient & yell all the time. He’s never home & never spends time w/ her. He does provide financially but that’s all I am her sister/friend/mother/father. I was laid off and life has been worse for me. I internalize everything & can’t say that I made the right decision. To the me of yesterday…why’d you do this b/c today you’ve lost in a life you were winning in. Bless all of you happy to be a mom but everything isn’t for everybody. I love my child but I feel she’d still be great if I wasn’t her mom no guilt there truest feeling ever. Thank you for this outlet I thought I was alone this feeling can be crimpling.
I’m with you. My husbands life didn’t change a bit expect now hes seen me cry more times than we’ve had a real date. Its hard not to feel resentful and angry at their life being exactly the same just with a moodier lady.
I was at my wits end today when I came upon this site. I know it’s been said but I always feel INCREDIBLY guilty thinking the things I do, and it makes it a little easier knowing some other moms go through the same thing as me.
I really really wish I had just gotten married and not had any children. I’m 25 and we have two girls, a one year old and a 3 year old. They are, for the most part, good children! Beautiful and loving and smart. I love them both so much, of course! But if I could take it back, definitely. I feel like my kids have ruined my life. And I know that is a horrible thing to say. ugh. It makes me sick that I feel that way. But being a mom is a thankless job. My husband works such crazy long hours that I’m feel like a single mom. I want to go out, have friends, travel, save money, live my life! I want to feel like a person, with a complex and interesting identity, instead of being defined by MOM. I don’t know how to change it. I can’t, I guess! But oh! The thoughts of what my life would be, with just my husband and I! They make me sad.
There are a lot of men who are not coming to the party here. A good partner puts the other person first. No doubt you mothers will raise good men, because you have been through so much hardship. Thinking of you all and wishing the best for you.
Yes, sometimes. My daughter is autistic, and my marriage, which was already having problems when I had her, has suffered greatly. I do have regrets, even though I am trying to stay positive.
My daughter is actually one of the coolest people I know, but she’s also one of the most difficult. Coping with her has made me much stronger, and for that, I am grateful. But I’d never do this again. And knowing what I know now about my husband’s inability to offer his time or emotional support when things get tough, I wouldn’t marry him again, either. But I believe offering her a secure home with two parents is important for my daughter. She does the best she can, no matter how tough life is for her. She deserves a mom who’s willing to do that, too.
I’m glad everyone here has the guts to admit their feelings. Knowing there are others who are struggling with parenthood really helps.
Yes, yes, YES!!! I had my first daughter in januaey of 2010, and was happy the whole time i was pregnant. Loved it. I struggled with postpartum for about 6 months after she was born..it was terrible, i didn’t thinkni was ever going to get better. I always felt hopeless, and resented having to have given up my career, my social life, and my independence. It was hard. I finally got effective help, and was happy, hitting a stride with being a mom. I love my daughter more than anything, and was living staying at home with her…i got a fun job part time thst paid great…something fun just to get out of the house. Then RIGHT after we bought our 1st house, i got a terrible suprise. I was pregnant. And to make it even worse, i was already 14 weeks. I was in my dr’s to get my depo provera (birth control!!!) shot, and my pregnancy test came back positive. I lost it. I was yelling, cursing, sobbing, hyperventilating…i had just rebuilt after having my first and was happy. Content. And this was very, very unwanted. My husband and i had decided we only wanted 1. No dr would give him a vasectomy, saying ‘what if you change your mind?’ or ‘you’re too young’ (he is 29). My dr or ob wouldnt tie my tubes, citing the same reasons. I asked for long term birth control, which my dr said has a lot of negative side effects, and wanted to try me on depo first, saying it was almost the same, it jyst didnt require surgery. I thought i was safe, and taking every precaution. WRONG!!! I was so pissed the whole pregnancy. It was physically very difficult, as i wasnt fully recovered from my first child, i got pregnant only 6 months later. I tried to be positive, but deep down i just feel cheated. We both knew we wanted only 1 child. But no one would believe us, or allow us to make these personal family planning decisions. My new daughter is a month old, and perfect. Beautiful, and a great baby. I just wish i hadnt had her. I just feel like this huge life change has been forced on me, and i have no choice. Had to quit my great job AGAIN. (hewants me to stay home, its ‘best’) i had just lost all the baby weight, now im fst and streched out AGAIN. Had to trade imy awespme little hybrid car for a big gas guzzling minivan that i F—–G hate….it is a gigantic hassle to go anywhere or do anything. Im constantly running around taking care of a fussy infant, a very active toddler, taking care of the house, basicslly doing crap i cannot stand, and is so tedious i wNt to stick my head in an oven. I was 100% happy with my 1 daughter, and my husband. Now we have 2 and are even having to think about moving out of our brand new dream house that we jyst got in january…not enough room. I am just furious, embarassed, and resentful at what has happened. My daughters are happy, lived and well taken care of. I just feel like im dying inside. I just want to dig a hole, bury myself, and disappear. Wish our dr’s would have listened to us…. And then the 3 of us could have continued being a happy little family. 🙁
I never thought I could have children and then I was blessed with two beautiful and sweet girls. 20 months and 4 months. They mean everything to me but I feel like at times I am not the best mommy that I could be. It all happened when I was pregnant with my second child. I was told at 4 months pregnant that my child could be born with DS. The rest of the pregnancy I was so upset, stressed, worried and depressed. I thought it was all my fault. However my supportive husband and I were going to have this baby no matter if she had DS or not. She was born perfectly healthy so I was worried for no reason. It also didn’t help that I was super emotional and hormonal during this pregnancy. I would cry here and there and would dwell about everything. I felt guilty for not being as active with my first child even though I was for being pregnant. Then I had my second child and I became someone I hate and despise. My first child is so good with my second child. Giving her hugs and kisses, patting her on the head, wanting to hold her. However she is going through the hitting stage. Not all the time but enough where I am getting upset about it. She hits my second child and myself, and it hurts. I get mad and tell her no or I hold her arms and tell her that what she is doing is bad. I feel so guilty for raising my voice and snapping at her. I am also nursing for a second time. So I am seriously sleep deprived. My first child is also getting in the habit of sleeping in our bed. (Probably from being jealous) She rolls around and ends up rolling over and hitting us with her head or feet. So in the end I get about 1-2 hours of sleep a night and my husband maybe 3-4 hours. I know we should tell her no but there are a few reasons why we don’t. I am too tired to keep going back and forth. I think because we didn’t think we could have children that we give into her and don’t want to try the cry it out method. I also feel guilty that our second child is with us and our first is not. It’s really both our faults. My second child is just getting over being a little colicky so that didn’t help matters either. I don’t know if I am going through PPD or if I am seriously sleep deprived with this ancient Chinese torture. I hate being so upset. I hate dwelling on the stupidest things. I hate feeling guilty. I have not raised a hand on either child but I have yelled which I hate. I love, love these girls and love being a mom. I want to be the kind, caring, considerate person I have always been. I don’t want to be short tempered or stressed out either. It is getting little bit better because they are getting older but I want this person that is not me to go away ASAP. Thanks for letting me vent and share my problems. I feel a little bit better getting this off my chest.
I am the mother of a 6 week old baby boy. Nothing ever could have prepared me for this. I am so terribly sorry I did this. Most of the time I feel panicky thinking that I cannot undo this mistake. Although he was planned, I want to go back in time and borrow somebody else’s baby for a week. That would have changed my mind. I want myself back. I want my husband back. I miss our alone time, and sleeping in, and reading on my day off. I am so sad and regretful. What a horrible decision. I hate my life now.
Yes, I wish I could just take off and do the things I love to do without guilt and without thought. My children are amazing, but it is a sacrifice.
I know this site is pretty old, but I imagine other mothers, women considering becoming a mother, and possibly the mothers who posted on this site previously, return to see what others are saying. So here is my two cents: I also regretted having children. I knew when I was young that I was not cut out for motherhood, or marriage either, but bought into the wedding craze of the late 1980’s (all my friends were having fabulous over the top weddings) and into having a baby because everyone said I would grow into it. I did not. Had my first in my late 20’s and my second 6 years later. They are wonderful and I have been the best mom I can be despite my true feelings. One is now grown and the other almost there. I am sorry I didn’t give myself the freedom to admit what I wanted for myself when I was young, and while I have not and never will tell my children how I feel, I have tried to teach them to be true to themselves. If you want kids – great – if not, that is ok too. I also wanted my tubes tied at 16 because I knew this was not the life I wanted, doctors and my family wouldn’t think of it. But I believe people usually know themselves. So, my advice is – if you don’t want kids, have the courage to admit it and don’t have them. You can be a great aunt, or mentor to a young person instead if you want to. If you have kids and really didn’t want them, understand that feeling is okay too. We all do things in life that we wish we hadn’t and its okay to admit it to yourself. Then say, OK, what can I do NOW to make this situation better for me. Try your best to get help – whether from your husband, extended family, or paid help – at least some time each week for some time off to do things YOU like, and also for housecleaning help, even if its only 1x per month. As soon as you can find a job (part-time or full-time) that you like, or at least can stand, so that you have some autonomy and money of your own to get a few things for yourself – even going out to a movie by yourself once a month – something that helps you feel free. I was a stay at home mom for many many years, gave up a professional career because I couldn’t balance the stress of the job & taking care of the kids with a husband who worked 24/7. But that husband screwed up our finances big time and now I am divorced. It was hell finding a new job and career after so many years at home. So do your best to find some way to continue working, even if it is just part-time – your kids will be fine and you will have a greater confidence and learn how to take care of yourself financially. Since I returned to work 2 years ago and took back control of my life, I love my kids so much more. In a few short years I will be done with child-rearing and can take better care of me. My kids are lovely now and I enjoy spending time with them now that they are grown, they are accomplished academically and planning to be independent. I didn’t plan my life this way, but stuff always happens in life that you don’t plan – you cry, yell, scream, and then get help so you can find a way to make life better. A final note: post partum depression is real. It helps A LOT to find a good mothers support group and/or therapist, exercise (even some brisk walks outside) and, if necessary,medication. Don’t suffer needlessly in silence, it isn’t good for you or the children. Get help, you can feel better.
Im not going to sugar coat it….I was a wonderful dedicated mother for 2 years. I beat myself up and felt guilty every time anything went awry. If he cried….prob my fault. Prob something I wasn’t doing or providing him. The whining, manipulation, the constant filth, sticky hands, runny nose, the begging, the screaming finally got to me. I hate being a mother. Love my son…..HATE HATE HATE motherhood. Ill be old and broken by the time I get to go on a real vacation by myself somewhere and actually get to enjoy it. Ill be old when Im finally free. Sad.
I am so happy I came across this site. I am a 21 year old mother of a lovely 2 month old girl. I honestly love her and feel very protective of her. But if I could go back in time, I completely would. I was horribly depressed during my pregnancy. I resented the fact that, unlike all my 21 year old friends who were going to bars and clubs, I was stuck at home pregnant. I cried almost every day…even at my baby shower, after everyone had gone home, I broke down crying because this was just not the life I had planned. I had to drop out of college (which KILLED ME), due to awful morning sickness that caused my attendance and grades to plummet. Then my daughter was born…and for a while, my depression got worse. I still struggle with the realization of everything I’ve had to sacrifice. I feel like I’ve lost my entire identity..like my life is no longer my own. And I constantly have these moments when I forget that I’m a mom in a committed relationship. I struggle between the mom/wifey side of me and the 21-young-single-impulsive side of me. I wish I was still my own person, with no responsibilities or cares….I wish I could go out to the bar or to the club or go away for the weekend with my boyfriend. I wish I could go to a party and get drunk without feeling like I’m pushing my baby off on my family and without the fear of judgement from everyone. I love my baby with my heart and soul. But if I could go back in time and be more responsible, I would have avoided getting pregnant.
I’ve always struggled with being a mother. The early years were hard, then it got easier but now they are teenagers I just wish they would grow up and leave me to live my life the way I want. They are great boys and I love them but it’s way too hard. I guess it would be a lot easier if I did not have such an acrimonious relationship with their father. Sometimes he does stuff and I feel like saying to the boys just go and live with him, he just makes it so hard.
My child is so mean I wish I didn’t have a child. I love her but don’t like her. She inherited a selfish, mean personality from someone else in he family. If I had known that my child would act like that, I would not have had a child.
Yes I wish I could go back to being single and free. I love my autistic son but hate the responsibilities that weigh on me.
I guess I’m using this as a venting board. I struggle daily with ….just life, existence on earth. My place in my home, work life , role as mother and wife and let’s no forget the constant challenge to maintain friendships. I’m 38 . I have a 7 yr old and a soon to be 5 yr old. I can honestly say I love my kids , I just do not love being a mum. I have struggled with this from day one. GOd I get so upset with the thought f them sick or unhappy at school but generally I resent them. I take anti depressants, due to post natl depression and it stems deeper than that. I didn’t like children before I had them and certainly never wanted to hold one. I just feel so dead inside and Mourn my ‘other life’ . But I love them so much . This is my confession, I don’t want to be a mum .
But I am so depressed today that all I have been thinking abput is hoe i wish his dad could take him so i could have a normal collrge girl life again. But at the same time i feel guilty about it.
Yes, more so than not. Like most mom’s on this board – we LOVE, LOVE, LOVE our kids. I would die for my daughter (2.5 years old) but it’s so hard most days for me and I can’t figure out why? She was colicky as a baby and very car sick from 6 months old until now; so I think a lot of it has to do with not being able to up and go anytime i want. I don’t drive for more than 15 minutes with her because I’m freaked out that she’ll vomit. I used to drive everywhere – 30 minutes away to 6 hours away; i thoroughly enjoyed that type of freedom and I expected that once I had a child that we’d be able to drive anywhere at anytime and we don’t. Hearing my daughter vomit while driving (repeatedly) is traumatic and stressful. After 2 years, I’m a little desensitized by it but still get pretty bummed out when she gets car sick, so I avoid driving far places. On top of that both my husband and I work full time so that just adds to our stress. I had a pretty stress free life before she was born and now it feels like stress, pressure and sadness more so than not. I’m tired of feeling this way! It sucks.
I wish i could see the follow ups to these posts – i feel like many of you – but what did you DO about it? Did you leave? Did the feeling go away? Do you just put up with it?
I’m 25 and have a three year old and a 14 month old. I really do love my children. But it’s so hard on me, my husband works a lot an so I’m always home alone with them. I don’t even live near family to ask for help. I lost all of my friends from having children and I feel very alone. My 14 month old still wakes up 5 times a night and I’m the one who has to get up. Then at 7am my three year old burst into my room and starts crying, every morning! I’m so emotionally and physically drained. All I want is to get out and have fun again with friends and have a job again. somedays I really do wish I never had children. An the worst part of all is when I try to tell my husband how I feel he makes me feel like I’m crazy.
Yes. I never wanted to be a mother, even as a little girl. When I fell pregnant I was guilted into having my daughter by my mother. It was okay, stressful at times but I was doing great and never felt anything like I do so often now. My daughter is 3 and makes everything impossible. I can’t get her to sleep, I can’t get healthy meals into her, I can’t get her to potty train easily, I can’t get her to brush her teeth. I am so exhausted all day long and when she is finally asleep, I don’t want to go straight to bed because I have had no time to myself all day. Her father and I are not together and he only has her visit once a fortnight for 4 hours. He has never been supportive to me and to my surprise my mother and family have seen me struggle for the past 6 months and no one has offered me any help at all. I feel trapped in my house, I miss my old life, My friends all vanished when I became a mother. I feel like every thing I had once is gone now and the struggle to get it all back with a child constantly at my side is feeling impossible. I find myself snapping at her at night and most nights now. I love my daughter and this gives me a world of guilt to also deal with. I can’t comprehend my feelings, I only know that of course there is resentment and I am definitely not making my life flow nicely now. Sometimes I wonder why woman miscarry or can’t have a child when they desperately want one, yet I was given one so easily and I am naturally not suited for this. I am doing a terrific job considering, And especially compared to half the girls I know with children. I cannot afford daycare and I haven’t returned to work so I can stay home and raise my daughter. But that leaves me wondering what other mothers do to get a healthy break? because the guilt from feeling so suffocated at times can be so terrible and far more over exaggerated than I believe it needs to be.
I adopted my 16 year old daughter last year. I love her more than life. I knew it would be very hard. I am surprised at how rewarding it is. And sometimes….I don’t feel like being a mom. I was feeling really guilty about this and googled and found this site and a couple of others and it is nice to see that feeling this way is pretty normal. I’m so afraid to talk about it because I don’t want people to say, “I told you so” when I would not give her back for all the world. I don’t regret my decision, there are bad moments (or hours!) and good ones. When I hate being a mom the most is when I see her making decisions that are going to lead to pain and I cannot stop her. I can’t make her choose something else. She is so stubborn! Teenage drama is the worst.
Never! I spent too many years waiting, praying, hoping and working to get a child. I would never, ever even think about not being a mom. It is the greatest thing to ever happen to me! I thinking appreciate being a mom more and what a blessing it is because it was such a difficult road to motherhood. You can’t be grateful for that which is handed to you easily than as something you worked for and desperately wanted for years and years. Even as a child I always said I wanted to be a mom when I grew up. It’s the best job in the world, being a SAHM is my pleasure! I get to be there for everything!
Personally for me motherhood is overrated. I haven’t had those proud mom moment’s or those feelings of this is the best job in the world. My children are all grown in their twenties. I love them desrly but if I had to do it all over again I wouldn’t. We are well off, but they weren’t spoiled. They had two loving involved parents in the home all their lives. However they turned out rotten! Just rotten! Because of our wealth they felt entitled. My husband and I made it very clear early on that things wouldn’t just be handed to them or available just because we had money. We just couldn’t do anything right in their eyes and they did everything they could to intentionally stay in trouble and piss us off.
At this point I feel like 24 yrs of our lives were waste on these ungrateful children. We barely speak to them and that’s fine with me.
I really wish I wasn’t a mom. No matter what you accomplish in life you’ll be judged on what kind of mother you are and how your child grows up. My kid is great by al aspects. He’s funny, smart, healthy and 2. My not wanting to be a mother is completely based of the fact that . I have no freedom. I got pregnant in university. My spouse and i both being prodigies of teen pregnancy we both agreed that abortion wasn’t on the table. We were also the first of our friends to reproduce and now i feel totally helpless and alone. Hes the first grandchild, out of the first children, and so i feel there is so much pressure to be so happy and I’m miserable (and so is my spouse.) we do our best to support each other but he’s currently working away and I’m so unbelievably jealous and angry. He has freedom. My friends dont get it. (not even the limited mom friends ive made get it.) I’m currently trying to finish my education and am failing. I didn’t love him right away. I love him now but for a good year or more i sure didn’t. It’s a stranger. How the heck do you love a stranger who just stalks you and tries to eat everything. It’s hard. I wish i had had him earlier if i had to do this again. I wouldn’t know the freedom i was missing. Or not at all. Or I wish having kids was the only goal I ever wanted to accomplish but for me having kids seemed to be something you just did, it wasn’t a goal. It was like investing or having a job. Just as not everyone is a good cook, even though we’ve been doing it for thousands of years, not everyone is a mom. It doesn’t make them bad people or selfish or whatever thoughts you have. So next time you see someone’s nanny doing the dropoff at school, find it within yourself to think she’s found a way to be a good mom. Not the best, but chances are not the worst either.
The Minnesota Board of Pharmacy is now considering new rules to tighten up security measures after pharmacy robberies continued to spike into 2017.
Just last month, federal prosecutors charged an Indiana man for his role in what investigators describe as a string of pharmacy robberies in the Twin Cities.
Prosecutors say Michael White was part of a robbery team that made off with nearly $70,000 in narcotics in one month’s time.
Navy Men's Pool White Sandals Atami with Speedo II "It’s definitely time to look at the rules," said Cody Wiberg, executive director for the Minnesota Board of Pharmacy.
Wiberg said the numbers, combined with consistent concerns from pharmacists, have led the board to start drafting new rules.
"The higher the pharmacy counter, the better," Wiberg said. "Maybe there will be a minimum counter height we’ll have to have."
Studies have shown a higher counter with a locked door deters robbers from jumping over and demanding drugs.
The board is also considering a so-called bait bottle – similar to what led police to Addison Thompson Jr. who they said robbed four pharmacies in the area two years ago.
"Several minutes may pass, so the robber would literally have to sit there and wait until the safe opens," Wiberg said.
Time-delayed safes are not foolproof. In fact, a similar safe was used in the recent robbery in Edina, and the robber sat and waited patiently until it opened, according to investigators.
Investigative Report: Retired Chisago County Sheriff Admitted Writing 'Blackmail' Letters to Himself, Female Co-Worker
Criminal Investigation Pending Against Retired Chisago County Sheriff who Blackmailed, Sexually Harassed Co-Worker
Sandals Men's II Pool Speedo with Navy Atami White Minnesota Board of Pharmacy to Ban 2 Types of Synthetic Drugs
Clarks Leather Clarks Women's Women's Black Women's Black Black Leather Clarks Women's Leather Clarks AqwzwZ76In Minnetonka, Home Construction Projects Face 'Significant Delays' from City Inspectors
Any person with disabilities who needs help accessing the content of the FCC Public file should contact Katie Bowman at kbowman@kstp.com or (651) 646-5555
Chanel shoes are generally basic planting season as well as summertime addition, they have got eye-catching elegant hunting, thess chanel espadrilles sustains just about any affectionate clothing. Dropping straight into Chanel Espadrilles thinks as a emerging trend throughout the two convenience along with manner. here're ideal for smaller girls coming from all age ranges throughout a large number of Chanel sneakers, naturally fit athletics outfits besides dresses. Using level lows, Chanel Espadrilles enable men and women take advantage of the cozy sensations, it can be very good alternative for ones planting season as well as summertime days and nights!
Women T-Strap Valentino Shoes will likely be rocked by means of fashionistas everywhere you go, Having gentle design, most of these valentino shoes may make people creat loving in addition to tasteful vogue apparel. Intended for a edgy patent household leather send that has a sleek hindfoot in addition to indicated toe of the feet, Valentino shoes is made for ones dailylooks apparel.
Anthracite Films proudly announces the launch of its crowdfunding campaign on the popular website Indiegogo (www.indiegogo.com) to raise…
We are unveiling a new title for our in-production documentary feature film about the history and power of…
Tiffany is your fantasy bride come to life! She’s a very special dream lover who can fulfill your every naughty yearning. She might be petite but she can work it just like a real woman! Tiffany is a premium TPE sex doll - a scaled-down version of the real thing, with unbelievably soft and smooth skin, jiggling C-cup breasts, tight little toned midriff and spankable ass. She has every tool she needs to enslave you – mouth, vagina, and anus, each with its own amazing and different sensation! Tiffany wants to be bad and has a look that says she’s dangerous. Let her be your partner in crime – or maybe just in kink! You’re the boss!
Here, hyperrealism has been developed carefully for exceptionally gentle and soft sensations which are unbelievably close to those of human skin. A metallic frame enables you to bring life to your love doll in multiple positions. Chic, elegant and extremely soft to touch (delicate material close to human skin), our silicone TPE sex dolls will comply with the erotic expectations and inspiration of our most loyal customers. At Silicone Sexy Doll, we understand that purchasing a sex doll in silicone TPE represents an investment for several years of partnership and so we commit to offering you the most beautiful and fantastic love dolls of the moment. To answer your finer requests, you may customize your model to suit your tastes: size, eye color, skin… a truly complete choice of customization for the doll of your dreams and sexual fantasies. Our exceptional ultra realistic sex dolls will captivate fans of unique decoration, artists lacking inspiration and looking for a muse, adults with the wildest sexual fantasies, and many others… Realistic Female Doll
Meet Undine, our TPE love doll made by the brand AF Doll. This adult love doll displays her seductive assets in the hottest of photo sessions. By her side, you will not lack imagination in making this sexy model the muse of all your erotic inspiration. Undine is 5.2ft (160cm) for 73lbs (33 kg). This love doll with a generous bust is equipped with a sturdy...
We do offer customized fantasy dolls. We can do celebrities, girl friends or anyone special you have in mind, just go to our fantasy doll order page, and order. We have two options, fantasy with customized heads but with 4 different body types to choose from. Or you have a fully customized doll. The price for the first option is $4500, and the second option is US$7000+ If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact at info@redroomdolls.com
In Japan, sex dolls are known as "Dutch wives" (ダッチワイフ datchi waifu), which now refers to relatively inexpensive dolls. Their name originates from the term, possibly English, for the thick rattan or bamboo bolster, used to aid sleep in humid countries by keeping one's limbs lifted above sweaty sheets. Orient Industry is considered to be the leading manufacturer of high-end silicone dolls in Japan,[13] which started using another term "love dolls" (ラブドール rabu dōru) around 1998 to distinguish their dolls from the image of inflatable dolls associated with the term "Dutch wife".[14] The term has stuck and is now used generally to refer to any high-end product. There is a business, Doru no Mori (Doll Forest) in Tokyo, that rents love dolls and rooms to male customers.[15][16] In March 2007 the Japanese daily Mainichi Shimbun newspaper reported that there are also rental businesses that bring the dolls to the customer's home, and that the specialist love-doll magazine i-doloid has a print-run of 10,000 copies per issue.[17] Anime Sex Doll
CybOrgasMatrix dolls used an elastic gel, which they claimed to be superior to silicone in elasticity, shape memory, and durability. Both this company and the company "First Androids" once offered pelvic thruster motor, audio capability and heated orifices, though these options are no longer available. Several modern doll manufacturers now offer the last option on their silicone dolls, with the addition of an internal heating system. Realistic Silicone Mannequin
Our TPE mini love doll is a prodigious TPE Premium doll made by Wmdolls. This top class doll, concentrated in a small body, is perfect for compact discreet storage. This little love doll will be happy to accompany you and share your experiences and daily life. Her soft TPE skin, her 100% realistic vagina and her pretty hyper sexy figure will satisfy you...
Now, TPE stands for thermoplastic elastomer, which is essentially a mixture of polyvinyl chloride and silicone. This is a type of skin that is very soft, and it mimics the feeling of human skin. TPE is way more realistic in feeling and it definitely mimics the feeling of human skin. It also is much cheaper than silicone alternatives, sometimes even hundreds of dollars cheaper. TPE also allows you to move the doll around in various ways, since it has more flexibility. TPE dolls don’t really need to be bathed, but you can, just be mindful of the water. It also is hypoallergenic as well.
There are many brands of dolls on the market. OVDoll has all styles of WM and Z-onedoll. WM doll and Z-onedoll are famous in the market. WM doll is famous for various styles and it has grown to be a corporation with great influence in the field. Z-onedoll is famous for his doll with sounds and heating function. These functions are hard to implement for other companies. We have our own factory. But we are also the agent of these two manufacturers, we have been in good partnership all along. We can offer competitive prices.
The silicone love dolls have definitely changed in the long run with the first being etched of ivory – creator of whom very much enjoyed his crafts expertise so much that he nourished her, lay down with her, washed her, and surely put her to utilization of what it was to wind up called as. In the end, these dolls have created and changed with the way now they are made, and they look, yet the way society is tolerating them too.
We guarantee the high quality of all the real dolls in our store (luxury design from a high quality silicone/TPE Cyber Skin). Equipped with an articulated metal skeleton (Full Metal), our silicone/TPE love dolls have met with great success in terms of sensations and even more realistic scenarios. Referred to as a sex doll or real doll by an expert audience but also as realistic inflatable doll by a less expert audience, this sex doll is not in the least bit like its ancestor the “inflatable doll”.
In order to enjoy realistic sexual pleasure, silicon adult doll is used. Sex doll is nothing but a doll with curvy boobs and busty ass resembling a real life girl. With perfect size and design the sex doll gives men a feeling of having realistic sex with a girl. By using the power of imagination, the person can get intense pleasure in using sex doll. It is always best to use silicone sex doll than other sex dolls. Silicone sex dolls are best to enjoy the intense pleasure moreover it is tested and proved as safer. The major reason to recommend silicone doll is to get the realistic experience through perfect doll.
In Japan, sex dolls are known as "Dutch wives" (ダッチワイフ datchi waifu), which now refers to relatively inexpensive dolls. Their name originates from the term, possibly English, for the thick rattan or bamboo bolster, used to aid sleep in humid countries by keeping one's limbs lifted above sweaty sheets. Orient Industry is considered to be the leading manufacturer of high-end silicone dolls in Japan,[13] which started using another term "love dolls" (ラブドール rabu dōru) around 1998 to distinguish their dolls from the image of inflatable dolls associated with the term "Dutch wife".[14] The term has stuck and is now used generally to refer to any high-end product. There is a business, Doru no Mori (Doll Forest) in Tokyo, that rents love dolls and rooms to male customers.[15][16] In March 2007 the Japanese daily Mainichi Shimbun newspaper reported that there are also rental businesses that bring the dolls to the customer's home, and that the specialist love-doll magazine i-doloid has a print-run of 10,000 copies per issue.[17]
Can you imagine a world with Sex Dolls as TV Hosts? The sex doll industry has gone through one of the most vigorous transformations that we have seen. The billion-dollar industry moved from a mere business producing human rubber imitations to a diverse trade focused on delivering dolls with AI personalities. Previously, the sex dolls were simple inflatable rubber beings that were associated with minimal sexual pleasure. However, with the continued research on the subject, consumers can now enjoy sex robots that can pleasure them just like a woman would. The recent development of sex dolls looks to produce sex robots that can maintain a conversation and even work for TV stations as fully fledged presenters. Currently, there are a... Read More
We all have our own fantasies and taste when it comes to girls. Love dolls are no exception. Because we understand that a customized doll is important for you, we offer many options to help you order the love doll of your dream: skin color, eyes color, wig, as well as many other options. We also offer a sexy outfit. You can have a look at our sexy outfits for lovedoll outfits. Silicone Sex Doll
If you're interested in a easy way to explore butt play , this bead toy is a "must " have " ! love the feeling of sliding in and out !
Quantum physicists discovered that physical atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning and vibrating, each one radiating its own unique energy signature. Therefore, if we really want to observe ourselves and find out what we are, we are really beings of energy and vibration, radiating our own unique energy signature -this is fact and is what quantum physics has shown us time and time again.
Energy can be photographed using Kirlian Photography. If you need examples of this you can see more here
There has been other scientific proof through Quantum Physics which shows that our material world and human conciousness are intertwined
It means the opportunity for us to help you and your horse (and other animals) at a much deeper level than you are likely to have experienced before.
targeted muscular and skeletal issue treatment to increase your horse's perfromance, health, happiness and wellbeing
I was encouraged to learn what is commonly called 'muscle testing' which is simply a way of focussing the subconscious mind into connection with another person or animal.
Consciously, I cannot make that connection and 'talk' to an animal but my subconscious mind (and yours) has the capacity to make that connection into the subconscious world by using a simple technique called 'muscle testing'.
By using this technique in combination with formal training in Emmett muscle therapy and a special form of chiropractic evaluation, the healing or better described as the "self-correcting" process can occur in our horse or us individually.
This enables a level of diagnosis and correction that is far beyond our conscious and formal training ability.
I can tell you that it isn't any of those things. This is real and it is very powerful and extremely beneficial to health and our emotional state. And now that it has been scientifically proven to work, both you and I can take advantage of it for the benefit of ourselves and our animals.
The ability to target and zero in on problems rather than using 'guess work" or the so-called "process of elimination" that is often used by the medical professions and others, is a key benefit of this service.
Membership expenditure management such as health club, golf club or swimming club, yachting, sports...
Application:payment membership management,ticket logistics,hotel management,library and parking lot system,consuming system etc.
Application: Material management, supply chain management, leasing and library management, retail supply chain management, campus card, bus card and on on.
Application: Enterprise, campus, time attendance, hotel management, transport ticketing, highway fees, residential management, restaurant, biometric identification, ticket management, railway ,subway and so on.
Application: Public transportation, access management, E-tickets, logistic and supply management, production manufacturing and assembly, windshield label, document tracking, laundry management, library management, animal identify and so on.
<p>So I’ve gone through the W3 program and built a little website as I went. It’s not pretty but it has been really cool to see a bunch of code become a website. I’ve been using Atom so far for my exploration into HTML and it’s a been a really pleasant experience. The UI is really clean and simple and it has some autocomplete features that really come in handy when trying to get simple stuff out of the way. I would encourage you, if you haven’t already, to give atom a try because it’s a lot better than text edit or notepad.</p>
While I do think the appeal of an app is declining, I think this campaign is well-done and relatable. Although one could argue that sites like Ebay exist for this very reason, LetGo seems like a hip and easier version–much more enticing to millennials.
This site will tell you precise time for your city and a local time and date for each city or timezone in the word.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia, country in Oceania with a capital in Canberra. Its&apos; population is about 4`627 thousands people. Closest to Sydney cities are Wollongong, Newcastle and Canberra. Current local time in Sydney is .
Barcelona is the seventh largest city in Venezuela, country in South America with a capital in Caracas. Its&apos; population is about 424 thousands people. Closest to Barcelona cities are Puerto La Cruz, Cumaná and Maturín. Current local time in Barcelona is .
The latest Hollister coupon codes, vouchers, promo codes and special offers which you can use to get huge discount on almost any order from them.
Take the latest Holister coupons and get greatest discounts there could be, plus check all available holister promo codes to get exclusive offers and deals.The apparel from this maker typically apparels to young people of age 14.
Complete list of all Hollister Coupons for November 2017 guaranteed.Printable Hollister Coupons Code 2017 50% Updated: Tuesday, November 14th, 2017. Also reach for our other fashion discount codes from ASOS to Hollister as.
CouponPitara provides updated Target Coupons November 2017, Promo codes, deals for online shopping on Target.com with free shipping offers.The BLX series adds a drop of color to classic black ink for an extra-rich and bold writing line.On this website you can find free and verified ebay coupon code november 2018.
CouponVario found the latest and largest collection of Hollister Co. coupons, promo codes and deals.
Top-voted Hollister promo code for 2017: sitewide discount (limited time). 8 more Hollister promotion codes verified November 2017.
We want to point out that while these sites arent all explicitly Christian dating sites, we know that a great deal of Christians use them
Once upon a time, these were the citys shadow men. Though we met through the app, we are very good friends now and theres
102,459 Active members and growing, i 1 Me amp Cyrano Bad. There are men out there, although you may have to look hard for them
You’ve got to give credit to the UK Stilton Cheese Makers Association for pushing the boundaries of industry innovation. They have just launched “ “Eau de Stilton” which it claims to "recreate the earthy and fruity aroma" of the pungent blue cheese "in an eminently wearable perfume". Apparently Shazia Awan, 24, of Manchester agreed to try the scent for a day. And she reported that none of her office mates complained.
Thoughts: It’s actually not as strange as you might think. In author Patrick Suskind’s bestselling novel “Perfume : The Story of a Murderer”, the abominable 18th Century French hero Jean-Baptiste Grenouille wove a mixture of rat mouse droppings, cats urine and sweat into a perfume of invisibility.
When you click on any of the resources below, you will be opening a new window that goes directly to that web site. While these resources may be helpful to you, Arlene has had no input to their creation, accuracy or currency, and does not endorse them.
Some files on this page require Adobe Reader. Please click the image on the right to download now. (Free!)
CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ and federally registered CFP (with flame design) in the U.S., which it awards to individuals who successfully complete CFP Board’s initial and
The marks CLU® and ChFC® are the property of The American College and may be used by individuals who have successfully completed the certification requirements for this designation.
The CTFA™ designation is awarded by the Institute of Certified Bankers, a subsidiary of the American Bankers Association.
Alexander Maclean Porkess was a student at the Royal Technical College, Glasgow from 1948 to 1952. In 1952 he was awarded an Associateship with first class honours in Mechanical Engineering.
The general idea of teleportation is, not to send your real body, but to send the duplicate of your body to the targetted place.
For example if you want to teleport yourself from New York to London, then you would need two super quantum computers; let's say, super computer A and super computer B, consecutively placed in New York and London.
First. In order to do that, you should ensure that these super computers' technology is strong and fast enough to map all of the DNA of your body, atom by atom. Because with current computer technology in this year of 2015, human still cannot build this super computer that follow the principle of quantum that will make the candidate of this computer would be called quantum computer. and moreover using the technology in this 2015 it will need hundreds or even thousands of year to map all of the DNA in one human body.
Second. After all of your body has already been mapped by this super computer A, then this computer A in New York should send the data of your body structure and DNA mapping to super computer B in London.
Third. After receiving your body structure and DNA data, this computer B in London should prepare all of the atom needed to rebuild your body atom by atom.
Fourth. After receiving a confirmation notification from super computer B in London, then Super computer A in New York would have to kill you by destroying your body, atom by atom.
Fifth. After your original body in New York has already been destroyed. super computer A in New York should send confirmation notification to super computer B in London that your body in New York has already been destroyed completely
Sixth. Then super computer B in London should rebuild your new body using some new and fresh set of atom to assemble your new body one by one, molecule by molecule, atom by atom.
Eight. Now, this is the trickiest part. Remember? that super computer A in New York technically speaking, has already killed you by destoying every single part of your body atom by atom. So technically speaking, the original you has already been dead. So even if this new body of yours is managed to be assembled atom by atom in London, then if this body is revived, who will be the one to control the body? who will be the soul of this new body? will it be that your original soul will enter this body directly? or will it be that this body will be taken over by some other stranger soul out there? Because if you soul cannot be ensured to enter this new body then it means this teleportation experiment is a total failure, right?
Seventh. This is where you also have to build another super computer to identify and map your soul and then by using "gravity guidance device" this super computer A in New York should lock the movement of your soul and then send your soul to super computer B in London. Why use gravity? because unlike our body that is originally a 3 dimentional object, gravity and soul are not 3 dimentional object, gravity and sould at least should be categorized as 5 dimentional object (or could be higher). Thus gravity can be used to guide your soul to travel instantenoulsy from New York to London. Gravity and soul can be sent anywhere instantenously because both of them are not bound by the rule in 3 dimentional universe. Gravity and sould can tresspas any 3 dimentional object easily.
Eight. After your soul has already been sent by gravitational force to London from New York. Then super computer B in London will guide your soul to enter your new body in London.
Only when you have already capable to make super computer that can perform all of these teleportation things, then you can send your self to the past, or future, and back again to the present time.
In which, time travel can be done not by literaly send your original body from present time to past time or future time, but by destroying your original body in the present time,
1) and then send your soul and the quantum data of your whole body structure and DNA to the past time or future time by using gravitional guidance device that can go easily through time and space dimentional barier.
2)so that after your soul and your body structure information has already arrived in the past time or future time, your super computer will command the gravitional guidance device to search, prepare and rebuild a new body by using all atoms in the past time or future time that will be needed to rebuild a new body for you.
3) after this new body has already been built, then your soul will be guided by this gravitional guidance device to enter this new body
4) Tadaaa, now you have already managed to send your soul to travel through time to be then enter your new body made specifically for you.
(But whether or not this time traveling will have the possibility to destroy the universe (or at least planet earth) is not guaranteed in this simple guidance. That will be entirely a different long story, because there is a different guidance for that, which will be more complicated than this one. Which we probably will need a thick pages of book to just explain the guidance on How to travel through time without destroying the universe)
Dropping the phone: Some models of smartwatches in the Samsung and Apple line-ups feature a mobile network chip, allowing you to plug in a micro SIM card to make and receive calls, texts and emails and access the internet without being paired to your phone. It sounds great, but remember that the smartwatch has a very small battery, so relying on it for communications will drain the power quickly.
You’d be amazed how hard it is to text something as simple as “hi” on many smart watch interfaces. Still, most designs take this into consideration. We tested all kinds of watches from auto-scrolling screens where you drew the letters with your finger to pre-smartphone layouts more akin to the alphanumeric layout of a payphone keypad. While the drawing features were nice, we felt that the texting was a little more manageable on keyboards.
As of July 2013, the list of companies that were engaged in smartwatch development activities consists of Acer, Apple, BlackBerry, Foxconn/Hon Hai, Google, LG, Microsoft, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony, VESAG and Toshiba. Some notable omissions from this list include HP, HTC, Lenovo, and Nokia.[59] Science and technology journalist Christopher Mims identified the following points in relation to the future of smartwatches:
Smart watches are here to change the way you live. Now you can power through your workouts while the latest technology keeps track of your every move, check your calendar and keep an eye on the weather forecast wherever you are. You can also sync your smartphone with your watch, so you can check your texts, see who’s calling and receive notifications while keeping your iPhone 6 Plus safely tucked away.
In 2013, the claim to first ever smartwatch to capture the full capability of a smartphone was laid by startup Omate with the TrueSmart. The TrueSmart originated from a Kickstarter campaign which raised over 1 million dollars, making it the 5th most successful Kickstarter to date. The TrueSmart made its public debut in early 2014.[57] Consumer device analyst Avi Greengart, from research firm Current Analysis, suggested that 2013 may be the "year of the smartwatch", as "the components have gotten small enough and cheap enough" and many consumers own smartphones that are compatible with a wearable device. Wearable technology, such as Google Glass, may evolve into a business worth US$6 billion annually and a July 2013 media report, revealed that the majority of major consumer electronics manufacturers were undertaking work on a smartwatch device at the time of publication. The retail price of a smartwatch could be over US$300, plus data charges, while the minimum cost of smartphone-linked devices may be US$100.[58][59]
Fitbit's Versa is a sleek, stylish smartwatch that works with both iOS and Android and costs less than $200, which makes it the best value smartwatch you can buy. The watch lasts four days on a charge, offers female health-tracking, advanced sleep-tracking and an app store with popular apps such as Starbucks and Pandora. You can even store music offline to listen to while you work out.
Its only drawback is its use of Samsung’s own Tizen OS. Tizen is a custom OS that’s based on Linux. On paper it’s pretty good, letting you pair the Gear S2 with any Android smartphone, not just Samsung Galaxy phones. But it’s nowhere near as developed as Wear OS, which itself isn’t perfect. There aren’t nearly as many apps available as the Wear OS app store, but the core functionality is at least present from what is available.
The base model is crafted from polished stainless steel with a premium calfskin leather band. Other models are available with a titanium casing and alligator leather straps, but they do up the cost quite a bit. All models have a 46mm casing that is 12.5mm thick. Battery life is rated at a day and the watch is IP68 water/dust resistant.Pricing for the Summit starts at a lofty $870 and goes well up from there. Currently, the only place to buy the watch online is via the outlet Mr. Porter, but it’s also available anywhere Montblanc smartwatches are sold in retail locations.
All but the Martian Notifier claim some degree of water resistance: the LG, Samsung, and Motorola models can survive underwater up to 1 meter for 30 minutes, the Cookoo2 up to 100 meters, and the MetaWatch up to 3ATM, which is equivalent to 30 meters. Only the Martian and Motorola models claim to have scratch-resistant screens (the Martian has an anti-scratch acrylic crystal and the Moto 3 uses Gorilla Glass 3).
As for the tech inside, the Q Venture won't let you down. It runs WearOS (previously known as Android Wear) and works with thousands of apps on the Google Play Store. You can answer texts, interact with notifications, and choose your own watch face — just like you would on any other smartwatch. Fossil has lots of nice watch faces in feminine colors, too.
We loved Samsung’s characteristic bezel navigation. Instead of having to swipe your finger across the touchscreen repeatedly, all you have to do is gently twist the bezel. It’s a much smoother way of scrolling through your list and it just feels more natural. The are other side buttons which lie almost flush with the side of the watch, making it difficult for them to catch on sleeves.
Fitbit Versa: The Fitbit is the health tracker for the masses and they have a model for every need. But the best option for adults who do a moderate amount of exercise and just want to keep tabs on their general fitness (ie: most of us), the Fitbit Versa is a great choice. It's an entry-level smartwatch. For more on the Fitbit Versa’s various attributes, read my in-depth review. ($350)
The Explorist and Venture cases are an average thickness for a round smartwatch (at 12.5 and 11.5 millimeters, respectively), with widths of 45 mm and 42 mm, respectively. Neither watch feels too heavy or awkward on a larger wrist, though even the smaller Venture watch is still quite chunky on a smaller wrist. Each model’s battery regularly lasted a whole day in our testing, and the voice-dictation functions are on a par with those of most smartwatches; the same goes for Google Assistant’s accuracy. Both watches and their Google Fit system track day-to-day activity, and although Wear OS apps don’t have quite the buy-in from app makers that the Apple Watch does, you can likely find your favorite apps in Google’s Play Store, and most phone apps provide rich notifications that you can interact with through the watch. Both show signs of good build quality, with thoughtful attention to detail on all surfaces and no cheap connectors or pieces.
It doesn't get better than the Apple Watch Series 4. The new slimmer body and bigger screen make it sleeker and more stylish than ever before. The unique modern design works for both men and women. The smartwatch comes in 40mm and 44mm styles to fit wrists big and small. You can buy it in several finishes to match your style and there are dozens of Apple-made and third-party watch bands to make the Watch your own.
But with a wider choice comes deeper deliberation. What's the difference between a fully digital dial, and a 'smart optimised' analog? What features will actually aid your day-to-day? And which would be totally useless? To answer these questions, and more, we've picked through the best smartwatches on the market to suit your no doubt very busy, hectic and urbane lifestyle.
best smart watches with camera | smart buy watches | android smartwatch cheap | where can i buy a smartwatch
Apple is back with the Apple Watch Series 4, the latest in the smartwatch game that's focused on helping wearers live a healthier lifestyle. Running on Apple’s S4 64-bit dual-core processor and the new WatchOS 5 operating system, it’s twice as fast as its predecessor. Available in two sizes — 40 mm and 44mm — it has a 30 percent larger display than the Series 3 and comes in six different aluminum and stainless steel finishes. New improvements include Walkie Talkie mode and a speaker that is 50% louder than in the Series 3. The microphone has been moved to the watch’s opposite side to reduce noise and create clearer phone calls. The bottom, now made from black ceramic and sapphire crystal for better radio wave transmission, is intended to help with cellular reception and call quality.
If fitness is your top priority, the Apple Watch Series 1 has a good number of shortcomings compared with a dedicated fitness tracker. It doesn’t have onboard GPS, so you’ll need to carry your iPhone to accurately track outdoor activities, like running or cycling, and it’s not waterproof enough for swimming. And unlike a dedicated fitness tracker, the Apple Watch can’t automatically detect and track workouts—you have to manually start it—though this feature is coming with new Watch software this fall. And Apple’s built-in Activity app doesn’t provide much detail, so if you want to dig into your fitness data, or access sleep tracking at all, you have to download third-party apps.
The Fitbit Versa is nearly a full smartwatch, but the way it handles notifications prevents it from being a pick. Fitbit’s sleep, step, and workout tracking features beat our current picks’, and in our testing the Versa regularly lasted for four or more days between full charges. It lacks GPS, which the Ionic has, but it has a lower price as a result. You can choose from a decent variety of band types, although the bands are an odd 23 mm size (rather than a standard 22 mm), and slot in at an angle, making it hard to know if an unofficial band will fit. You can cache Deezer or Pandora radio stations to the Versa’s 2.5 GB of reserved space, control the music on your phone (after reconnecting your watch in “classic mode”), or transfer your own music to the watch, though it’s a tedious process involving a computer and cable. Where the Versa falls short is in working with notifications from your phone. The notifications pile up, and it can be a hassle to clear them; most notifications don’t expand to show more text; and though a software update has given you quick replies to select from, you’re limited to five of them. Like the Ionic, it’s more of a smartened-up fitness tracker than a fitness-savvy smartwatch.
Fossil is still keeping screen resolution and other specs under wraps, but we do know this generation (which includes the men's Fossil Q Explorist HR) is the most feature-packed we've seen from the company. Building on the design improvements of the third-gen devices, which saw the flat tyre removed and a slimmer form factor, the Q Venture HR now also harbours some serious tech under the bezel.
Why we like it: Apple Watches are the best smartwatches overall because they make it easier than any other wearable device to interact with the messages and notifications relayed from your iPhone. The Series 1, specifically, has all the features most people need at a reasonable price. It looks better than most smartwatches and fitness trackers, on wrists both large and small, thanks to two sizes and an array of finishes and bands (both official and third party). While not every major iPhone app has an Apple Watch partner app, many do, and most respond quickly and are optimized for the watch’s small screen, unlike many of the apps available for Android watches. And the Series 1 Apple Watch does a good job of independently tracking most kinds of workouts where accurate distance tracking isn’t vital,1 and encourages non-workout fitness (like standing and moving every hour). We also like that the Apple Watch lets you easily make contactless payments using Apple Pay, and if you own a Mac, you can unlock it by just getting close to it with your Apple Watch.
The Watch 2 comes in two varieties, Sports and Classic. The former is a little cheaper, looking unsurprisingly much like a standard sports watch. The Classic is noticeably more attractive, with a premium-looking shell and included leather band. If you’re after something that’s appropriate at a nice restaurant as well as the gym, you may want to pay the extra money, but all features are otherwise the same.
The Passport is versatile in that it works with Android and iOS mobile devices. And it features the ability to make phone calls with its built-in microphone and speaker. You can use voice commands (the Passport leverages your phone's voice recognition system; such as Apple's Siri for iOS devices or Google Now for Android) to control the mobile device from the watch. And because of the analog watch face, you can easily see the time in bright sunlight.
Details: Get 30% off your Order + Free Water Bottle on orders over $100 + Free Shipping when you enroll in Email.
Details: Get $175 off Boost 01 Helmet over $150 + Free 2-way delivery in the US and Free common delivery to Canada.
Details: Get 50% off full-priced gear + Free 2-way shipping on over $150 in the US + Free conventional shipping to Canada + Free over night & return shipping on over $200 to US Domestic orders
Details: Get 15% off your very first order + Free overnight delivery for U.S. order over $200 when you authorize for email.
Details: 55% Off Rudy Project Holiday special (usually 40% off) of with the Well-Fit price cut code as well as you can share it with family and friends
Details: Get a cost-free casual sunglass or equipment of your option with purchase of an efficiency sunglass or safety helmet
Get an added $5 off your following online purchase of a Gear Deal or on orders over $175 by getting in the promotion code brown5.
Special Offer! 40% off if entered into in "VIP code" normal valued things (wont work with sale things or discounted things)
Skype live online video chat sex hot Microsoft hoped to trademark Skype but Sky challenged the applicationGeneral Court of the European Union has ruled the names are too similarIt is the latest development in a long running dispute between the firmsMicrosoft says it will appeal but Sky has not ruled out taking action to force Microsoft to change the name of the voice over internet service entirely
Sexy teen porn russian A world where there are no more language barriers might not be too far away online at least.Skype has released a live translation tool allowing people to speak to others in another language even if they dont know what theyre saying.The tool translates speech instantly providing both text and spoken translations.Scroll down for videosWashingtonbased Microsoft has released a preview of Skype Translator shown. It lets people of different languages talk to each other on video calls. The software translates one language into text and speech of another. For now only Spanish and English are available and you need to have a Windows 8.1 device HOW DOES THE TECH WORK To start using it you simply need to choose a contact turn on the Translation switch for that person and start typing or speaking if youve made a call.The programme analyses speech against audio snippets from millions
Gambat sex malay Apache 2 Test Pagepowered by CentOSThis page is used to test the proper operation of the Apache HTTP server after it has been installed. If you can read this page it means that the Apache HTTP server installed at this site is working properly.If you are a member of the general publicThe fact that you are seeing this page indicates that the website you just visited is either experiencing problems or is undergoing routine maintenance.If you would like to let the administrators of this website know that youve seen this page instead of the page you expected you should send them email. In general mail sent to the name webmaster and directed to the websites domain should reach the appropriate person.For example if you experienced problems while visiting www.example.com you should send email to webmasterexample.com.If y
Escort in Vadodara Apache 2 Test Pagepowered by CentOSThis page is used to test the proper operation of the Apache HTTP server after it has been installed. If you can read this page it means that the Apache HTTP server installed at this site is working properly.If you are a member of the general publicThe fact that you are seeing this page indicates that the website you just visited is either experiencing problems or is undergoing routine maintenance.If you would like to let the administrators of this website know that youve seen this page instead of the page you expected you should send them email. In general mail sent to the name webmaster and directed to the websites domain should reach the appropriate person.For example if you experienced problems while visiting www.example.com you should send email to webmasterexample.com.If you are the website administratorYou may now add content to the directory varwwwhtml. Note that until you do so people visiting your website will see this page and not your content. To prevent this page from ever being used follow the instructions in the file etchttpdconf.dwelcome.conf.You are free to use the images below on Apache and CentOS Linux powered HTTP servers. Thanks for using Apache and CentOSAbout CentOSThe Community ENTerprise Operating System CentOS Linux is a communitysupported enterprise distribution derived from sources freely provided to the public by Red Hat. As such CentOS Linux aims to be functionall
We did a bit of felting the other day with the intention of making ATC's for an Imagination Tribe trade. We got a bit carried away though!
All of these, except the little heart on the bottom right, were wet felted with this technique that is really easy, especially for kids. The larger squares above are about 6 inches square, so we can get several ATC's out of them. We haven't cut them up yet, and are not sure how they'll be finished as ATC's. One thing we could do is needle felt right on top of what was wet felted.
Needle felting uses a Clover tool that has felting needles that are very sharp. Luckily, this cool tool has them encased in a sleeve that pops up and down each time you push it in. It's more child friendly, than regular felting needles, but I'd still supervise if the child was younger than 12 or so.
Chloe is making a tree here. She got so into making little needle felted things that she made several little motifs to add to commercial felt. Here's another tutorial that shows you what you can do with that technique. She then decided to make a felt pouch with one of her bird motifs. It's really cute, but not done yet, so there's no photo. Meanwhile I got out some embroidered felt pouches that weren't quite finished and did some more work on them. It was a very felty day!
The lovely couple tied the knot on a spring day here in Stellenbosch at the beautiful 401 Rozendal. We’re loving all the handmade touches, the doily table cloths, the “quilted” kip pots and the lemonade stand. The bride also looked ravishing in her custom made Patrick Mullins gown. Desmond and Antonia from Desmond Louw Photography were there to capture their big day.
If you would like to make a booking inquiry please follow the steps: 1. Check the calender to see if the date is available. 2. Fill out the inquiry form and wait for reply within 2-5 days. Check availability and make a booking inquiry now
Becoming a MORE sponsor is a quick and inexpensive way to get the attention of thousands of working professionals, independent workers, and entrepreneurs in your target market and feel confident knowing results will follow the investment.
Our sponsorship packages are designed to include ongoing marketing, advertising and PR efforts by Kayson, our partners, and all MORE participants.
As our partners and participant base increases so will your reach. This constant expansion will result in positive brand impressions and conversions long after your initial investment. It's a win-win!
Min Rent $500 $600 $700 $800 $900 $1,000 $1,250 $1,500 $1,750 $2,000 $2,250 $2,500 $2,750 $3,000 $3,250 $3,500 $3,750 $4,000 $4,250 $4,500 $4,750 $5,000 $5,500 $6,000 $6,500 $7,000 $7,500 $8,000 $8,500 $9,000 $9,500 $10,000 to Max Rent $500 $600 $700 $800 $900 $1,000 $1,250 $1,500 $1,750 $2,000 $2,250 $2,500 $2,750 $3,000 $3,250 $3,500 $3,750 $4,000 $4,250 $4,500 $4,750 $5,000 $5,500 $6,000 $6,500 $7,000 $7,500 $8,000 $8,500 $9,000 $9,500 $10,000
Min Price $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $950,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000 $2,100,000 $2,200,000 $2,300,000 $2,400,000 $2,500,000 $2,600,000 $2,700,000 $2,800,000 $2,900,000 $3,000,000 $3,250,000 $3,500,000 $3,750,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000 to Max Price $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $950,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000 $2,100,000 $2,200,000 $2,300,000 $2,400,000 $2,500,000 $2,600,000 $2,700,000 $2,800,000 $2,900,000 $3,000,000 $3,250,000 $3,500,000 $3,750,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000
The Gated Entry Way Leads You To A Custom Built Frank Betz Home Situated On 11+ Acres With Extensive Landscaping, Waterfall Pond, Fire Pit, Heated ...
Looking For A Luxury Lake House? Check Out This High-end Home Located On A Gated Private Dr. And Situated On 2.5 Acres Of Secluded Grounds. Featuri...
Psychic paranormal community Forums for like minded individuals who wish to connect, chat and share.
Asking for a reading isn't a certainty that you will receive a reading. Always be polite and respectful towards the reader and please leave feedback after your reading. Asking for multiple reads at the same time is treated as spam and will be deleted.
WE are a Paranormal and Psychic Resource... which includes developing abilities. As a community we are rapidly growing and many members are wanting to understand their abilities and safely develop further in a supportive environment. Understanding that 'PRACTICE' is valuable we are supportive of this need and have created chat rooms exclusive for Readings and Development and PRACTICE. Please follow the policy's and rules set forth; they are in place to preserve the integrity of the site, the safety of the members and protects the readers from being pestered for readings.
Note: Free readings are a benefit for 'participating' members of this site. Please register on the forums if you are here looking for a reading. NOTE: Chat access is a separate registration.
A reading is defined as an attempt to make a 'connection' with another. This includes using tools (tarot...etc) or not, delivering messages; re: past-present-future, mediumship and energy exchanges such as remote healing, clearing/cleansings etc.
PRACTICE readings on this site is a privilege offered to our members. We ask that you participate in chat regularly for a minimum of 2 weeks before you can offer readings/PRACTICE in chat with other members of our community. Please allow us this short amount of time to get to know you.
Note: Practice readings on the 'Picture Readings: A Picture = 1000 Words' board is open to all members
No readings are allowed in chat by any person under the age of 18. No readings for members under 18.
Minors may participate on the forums; reply to photo's or post own picture in the A Picture = 1,000 words board (within reason) and are welcome to participate in Sunday picture readings as well.
ALL PRACTICE readings/healings must take place in the Development & PRACTICE/Healing Circle under the guidance and direction of a MODerator.
Private readings in chat PM's, via the forums, or offsite are NOT permitted. Please understand that this condition is a precaution, both for the safety of the sitter and the reputation of readers. Public readings on this site is the only way to earn respect and credibility within this community. Please do Not take advantage of our memberships to invite members off site for private readings. Anybodythere.net will not tolerate anyone using 'Chat' to solicit payments for readings or market other services without expressed permission from the site's Administrator.
Sitters must give their permission to be read. With due respect, not everyone is open to get readings. If drawn to reading a member please ask before proceeding.
If you are interested in offering free readings on the forums or using the 'Dev and Practice' (Reading room in chat) you must have 25 quality posts on the forum and been active on the website (ABT) for 2 weeks.
Once the requirements (above) have been met, reply to this thread indicating agreement with the guidelines outlined here then post a brief Bio/Introduction re: a little history, your abilities and experience to let members know you are interested in PRACTICING readings in Chat and/or on the forums.
How do.i know how many post I've made and I feel the heavy legs and brain tickle of spirits trying to get through as soon as I clicked on this groups icon. Someone here needs a message. It's a man with kind shoulder length dark brown curly hair looking for his mom and sister saying you were right he should never gone on that hike and climbing the rocks.
yes agree with the rules may i add so people understand as they ask a lot especially in the chat room that
"ALL PRACTICE readings/healings must take place in the Development & PRACTICE/Healing Circle under the guidance and direction of a MODerator. "
Yes. I agree with the rules as well firmly and fully and I agree with that completely and agree to work to abide them.
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - A. A. Milne
An evening of free psychic one questions readings with resident psychic Akasha and psychic guest readers.
Picture readings is one of ABT's most popular psychic Chat Room Events. Submit your photo for a free reading in chat.
An all day psychic event with psychic readings, mediumship readings, picture and tarot readings all day.
V. Community Forum – (Members of the public are invited to ask questions and raise concerns about issues that are not otherwise on the agenda.)
1. Consideration of a Historic Preservation Review Board application (HPA-#18-534) for a three-story rear addition at 3300 Newark Street NW
2. Consideration of a Historic Preservation Review Board application (HPA #19-041) to rotate contributing house and construct an addition for multi-family use for 3219 Wisconsin Avenue NW
3. Consideration of a Historic Preservation Review Board application to modify side elevation and add two stories to rear elevation for 3426 Macomb Street NW
4. Consideration of a Foreign Missions Board of Zoning Adjustment application to transfer use from embassy residence to consulate for the Embassy of Nepal at 2730 34th Place NW
IMPORTANT NOTE: If you have a project or concern to be considered at this or any upcoming meeting, please contact your ANC Commissioner. If you have supplemental materials, please send them to anc3c.office@gmail.com at least 24 hours in advance to facilitate distribution and archiving. Thank you!
Find your ancestors in death records. Search free genealogy death records such as coffin plates, death cards, funeral cards, wills, church records, family bibles, cenotaphs and tombstone inscriptions on AncestorsAtRest.com Find links to other genealogy death records like cemeteries, vital stats, and obituaries.
Janie Riley is an avid genealogist with a habit of stumbling on to dead bodies. She and her husband head to Salt Lake City Utah to research Janie's elusive 4th great-grandmother. But her search into the past leads her to a dark secret. Can she solve the mysteries of the past and the present before disaster strikes? Available now on Amazon.com and the CreateSpace eStore
Any AL AK AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA WA WV WI WY INTL
Ancestors at Rest Death records of all kinds - funeral cards, death notices, cemetery receipts, obits...and more
Past Voices Letters from 1800s - from Civil War soldiers, from wives to husbands, sons to mothers, sisters to sisters.
This is just a few names from the Warner Village Cemetery in Warner, New Hampshire. It is not a compleet listing of the graves in this cemetery but I thought it might help someone with their genealogy.
Try a Trial Access on Ancestry.com Ancestry has more genealogy records than any site on the net and they often have free trials and special promotions.
We're all anxious to find our ancestors - and find them fast! These records may help you find a brick-wall ancestor easily and from the comfort of your computer chair.
If you have long been a fan of The Olive Tree Genealogy created by Lorine McGinnis Schulze, now you can make it official. Become a fan of the Olive Tree Genealogy. Join Olive Tree Genealogy on Facebook! Lorine has set up an interactive site where you can ask questions, join in discussions or start a topic of interest. Once you are at the Olive Tree Genealogy page on Facebook, click the "Become a Fan" link in the upper right-hand corner.
Ancestors At Rest reminds you that when looking for death records for your family tree online to be careful when spelling interment. It's not intermet, internment, inturnment or internmet. Another common one is cemetery, not cemetary or cematary.
Genealogy is the study of family pedigrees, the descent of a person or family from an ancestor, generation by generation.
Cookies assist us in providing our services to you. By using our services you agree that we set cookies.
Chevron and Catholic Charities of the East Bay partner up for workforce development initiative. The partnership will be highlighted in the Oakland Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce hosted Economic Development Forum on February 8, 3-4:30.
You are currently viewing the help pages of Arigatò. The following help topics describe, in more detail, the possibilities this site has to offer.
If you have registered on this page you are one of many members. Under Members you can find other registered members of this page and can view their profiles.
While writing text on this page you can use some tools to improve the look of the text. Text can be called post or message within this help. The possible tools will be introduced in this chapter.
There is a handy search field on the top of each page, which adapts its functions dynamically to the page you're currently browsing. The search function only searches the area where you currently are, so if you are reading a thread using the search...
In the following part you will get a short introduction into the most important features of the board, including the threads and posts, favorites as well as boards and categories
Send private messages (PM) to other members of this page - this is a way to communicate privately. You will find similar functions to your e-mail client. The icon in front of the message symbolises the status of the message: Read You...
Like administrators moderators have special rights so they can edit and delete content from other users. To use the moderative functions the browser needs enabled JavaScript. At Edit profile » Moderation you will find an overview about...
free web hosting | website hosting | Business Hosting | Free Website Submission | shopping cart | php hosting
This page contains the song EPIC POP | ''Ashes'' by Ross Lara (feat. Tommy Gann), which can be downloaded in MP3 format or you can listen online.
Latest news, announcements, reports, events and topics. Have questions? Then post here. 42 149 July 04, 2017, 01:46:19 pm
Please post any errors or difficulties here. Including anything about the image gallery on the forum or the blog system on the main site. 8 27 October 03, 2018, 04:58:51 pm
Ask away for advice on bird i.d. questions. PLEASE state geographic area of sighting in title of request. 73 325 November 01, 2018, 07:24:22 pm
Ask here for general information or for information on specific locations 86 305 May 16, 2018, 06:56:13 am
General board for topics on birds and birding. Includes recent sightings 240 503 September 05, 2018, 08:56:09 pm
Advice, tips (incl. ids) and hints for birders of all levels, from birders of all levels! 5 20 May 05, 2014, 10:47:08 am
Child Boards: Wildflowers, Butterflies, Moths, Dragonflies & Damselflies, Other insects, Mammals, Reptiles & Amphibians 137 387 February 16, 2017, 02:18:18 pm
The timeless classic Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic has appeared on the iOS App Store, ten years after it was first released for Xbox. I’m only a couple of hours in, but it seems like a solid port so far. It’s yours for $9.99.
Lovecraft is a beautiful WordPress theme for bloggers. It is available as a free download from the official WordPress theme depository.
A web site that arrived to my attention not way back is Bitfortip. The thought of the website is easy, someone posts a question that has a reward. Whoever answers the query ideal gets the reward. The issues demand some investigation on the web, here are some illustrations:
IG offers an execution-only services. The knowledge herein doesn't take note of the particular goals, financial condition or specific needs of anyone.
Additionally, you will shell out a payment processing fee with most crowdfunding platforms, which averages about 3%, though it may differ from System to System.
A professional advisor (or 'EA') lets you instantly copy the trades or Keep to the Guidance of One more trader.
Lots of people want to invest their money into mining Bitcoin. For the earlier few years mining Bitcoin is barely rewarding if performed at substantial scales.
I hope I didn’t burst your bubble excessive right Firstly of the publish, but for those who’re nevertheless here with me, Permit’s dive in to the various ways you can earn Bitcoins today.
Exchange Group samples are formulated and tested by the Exchange Staff to make certain there is a excellent knowledge.
Exodus has proven we are able to produce best of course software improvement and user knowledge. In the event the time comes we have been searching ahead to offering this exact expertise on cellular units.
If a broker provides fixed spreads this means that their spreads will stay continuous in spite of trading problems.
1st we must put in Kodi then we need to put in a program identified as an Add-on to stream the articles.
In almost any my website scenario, the Exodus Web page now suggests the phone will launch in early entry in Q3 2018. What early obtain could suggest and who qualifies for a first glimpse is up in the air, but we can easily almost certainly assume extensive launch to stick to shortly immediately after.
Getting to only the very first level is straightforward, but Every degree soon after that needs that you choose to location the block directly previously mentioned the earlier amount.
draglet is a program organization, specialised in creating custom-made Blockchain apps for enterprises.
Now, in advance of we begin talking about the spots out there to receive free Bitcoin, Permit’s just be very clear: there is not any way to get wealthy devoid of working or investing for it. It can be not possible to make an money in bitcoins or almost every other currency just by clicking close to on some websites. Even so, that becoming explained, cryptocurrencies are exclusive in that intelligent marketers can make a revenue undertaking specifically that, gifting away money. This would not be attainable in other currencies, the place they just can’t be broken down small enough.
Below is a list of online inventory by Marta Gonzalez. More pieces may be available in our Santa Fe gallery. If you are interested in a piece or wish to learn more about other pieces in our gallery please E-mail us or call us at 505-986-1234.
Dassault Systèmes announced today that the Giza Archives Project at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (MFA), was selected by the IDG Computerworld Honors Program as a 2011 Laureate. The annual award program taking place tonight in Washington, D.C. honors visionary applications of information technology promoting positive social, economic and educational change.
The Giza Archives Project is a digital initiative, housed at the MFA, for research on the Egyptian Pyramids and surrounding tombs at the Giza Plateau. The Giza Pyramids arguably represent the world's most famous archaeological site, with thousands of tombs, temples, ancient artifacts and artistic masterpieces. Dassault Systèmes provides the Giza Archives Project with its real-time 3D expertise and a complete suite of solutions for simulation and visualization of archeological data, creating fully immersive interactive experiences for both specialists and the general public.
“While there are other archaeological projects that are processing old archives, and still others engaged in reconstructing ancient landscapes and structures via 3D computer technology, only the Giza Archives Project is combining both approaches, linking archival archaeological data in a real-time 3D interactive environment to allow for an entirely new way to experience the Giza Necropolis. And unlike a video game, the 3D reconstructions are based on actual archaeological data,” said Peter Der Manuelian, Giza Archives project director and Philip J. King professor of Egyptology at Harvard University. “Bringing together real archaeological data and real-time 3D graphics creates a new paradigm for how to manage archival information and disseminate it across multiple media platforms for research, education, and public outreach," said Rus Gant, technology consultant, Giza Archives project.
In addition to the clear benefits that 3D technology and simulation tools bring to the field of archaeological research, Dassault Systèmes and the MFA are working together to invent innovative education approaches and new ways to communicate with the general public.
“Along with the online application, we are building multi-platform experiences, whether individual or collective, through virtual and augmented reality systems, 3D screens or movie theaters, allowing us to display this experience in museums or even classrooms,” said Karine Guilbert, Giza 3D project director, Dassault Systèmes.
“It is a great honor to be recognized alongside the Museum of Fine Arts for the Giza Archives Project, largely because everyone involved in the project feels so strongly about the benefit of this work to researchers, educators and students around the world,” said Al Bunshaft, managing director of Dassault Systèmes North America. “Technology can have a significant impact on enhancing understanding, and this project is living proof of that.”
“The number and quality of nominations this year were very inspiring and demonstrate how valuable IT is to community change,” said John Amato, publisher, Computerworld. “Computerworld is very proud to name the 2011 class of Laureates and showcase their initiatives benefiting society through innovative uses of IT.”
I am an experienced, if relatively unknown singer and spent 17 years singing with Canterbury Cathedral Choir, travelling with them on many overseas tours including 2 trips to the USA and Canada.
I specialise in Baroque music and am particularly fond of the music of JS Bach. I hold an ARCM performers diploma in singing from the Royal College of Music in London.
I have studied with Jeremy Jackman, formerly of the Kings Singers, Ashley Stafford and Andrew Watts.
Complete this form below, then hit the subscription button and send your payment today of $45.00 by hitting Subscribe below.
​The Delaware Valley Wing was formed in 1990 and currently flies a Stinson Model 10 /1948 Navion US NAVY markings / L-9 in WWII Civil Air Patrol colors and similar to the one flown by Cornelia Fort, a civilian flight instructor who was in the air and attacked by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor. Fort was one of the founding members of the WASPs.
The Wing participates in regional air shows with the Stinson and member owned aircraft including an L-4, L-16, Navion and a T-51. The wing is developing an educational program about the CAP to take to local schools, airports in the area .
casinos near 29 palms ca auditrio dos oceanos no casino de lisboa casino dealer jobs in las vegas nv wyndham casino bahamas fort hall casino campground fort hall idaho gambling sites real money suncruz casino boat jacksonville fl how to make money online through yahoo There are plenty of ways to clean up on this 5reeler, with free spins, double winnings and a nifty bonus feature. According to Ihre, Codeta Casino will launch in a few other territories over the next few months. Be sure to check these out. Take the BROKEN LADDER W.
Once you snag one, ask your driver to avoid driving down Las Vegas Boulevard, as its very congested, according to Gray.
A: The traditional woods for smoking are HICKORY, PECAN and OAK. Here is a list of woods suitable for smoking:
ACACIA - these trees are in the same family as mesquite. When burned in a smoker, acacia has a flavor similar to mesquite but not quite as heavy. A very hot burning wood.
ALDER - Very delicate with a hint of sweetness. Good with fish, pork, poultry, and light-meat game birds.
APPLE - Very mild with a subtle fruity flavor, slightly sweet. Good with poultry (turns skin dark brown) and pork.
CHERRY - Mild and fruity. Good with poultry, pork and beef. Some List members say the cherry wood is the best wood for smoking. Wood from chokecherry trees may produce a bitter flavor.
COTTONWOOD - It is a softer wood than alder and very subtle in flavor. Use it for fuel but use some chunks of other woods (hickory, oak, pecan) for more flavor. Don't use green cottonwood for smoking.
GRAPEVINES - Tart. Provides a lot of smoke. Rich and fruity. Good with poultry, red meats, game and lamb.
HICKORY - Most commonly used wood for smoking--the King of smoking woods. Sweet to strong, heavy bacon flavor. Good with pork, ham and beef.
MESQUITE - Strong earthy flavor. Good with beef, fish, chicken, and game. One of the hottest burning.
OAK - Heavy smoke flavor--the Queen of smoking wood. RED OAK is good on ribs, WHITE OAK makes the best coals for longer burning. All oak varieties reported as suitable for smoking. Good with red meat, pork, fish and heavy game.
PECAN - Sweet and mild with a flavor similar to hickory. Tasty with a subtle character. Good with poultry, beef, pork and cheese. Pecan is an all-around superior smoking wood.
SWEET FRUIT WOODS - APRICOT, PLUM, PEACH, NECTARINE - Great on most white or pink meats, including chicken, turkey, pork and fish. The flavor is milder and sweeter than hickory.
WALNUT - ENGLISH and BLACK - Very heavy smoke flavor, usually mixed with lighter woods like almond, pear or apple. Can be bitter if used alone. Good with red meats and game.
BBQ List members and other internet sources report that wood from the following trees is suitable for smoking: AVOCADO, BAY, CARROTWOOD, KIAWE, MADRONE, MANZANITA, GUAVA, OLIVE, BEECH, BUTTERNUT, FIG, GUM, CHESTNUT, HACKBERRY, PIMIENTO, PERSIMMON, and WILLOW. The ornamental varieties of fruit trees (i.e. pear, cherry, apple, etc.) are also suitable for smoking.
A: Yes. There are many types of wood that are unsuitable or even poisonous when used for grilling. Don't use any wood from conifer trees, such as PINE, FIR, SPRUCE, REDWOOD, CEDAR, CYPRESS, etc.
There are many trees and shrubs in this world that contain chemicals toxic to humans--toxins that can even survive the burning process. Remember, you are going to eat the meat that you grill and the smoke particles and chemicals from the wood and what may be on or in the wood are going to get on and in the meat. Use only wood for grilling that you are sure of.
It is beyond the scope of this FAQ to provide a complete listing woods that are unsuitable for smoking. If you have some wood and do not know what it is, DO NOT USE IT FOR GRILLING FOOD. Burn it in your fireplace but not your smoker.
BBQ List members report that ELM and EUCALYPTUS wood is unsuitable for smoking, as is the wood from SASSAFRAS, SYCAMORE and LIQUID AMBER trees.
Never use lumber scraps, either new or used. First, you cannot know for sure what kind of wood it is; second, the wood may have been chemically treated; third, you have no idea where the wood may have been or how it was used. For all you know, that free oak planking could have been used in a sewage treatment plant.
Never use any wood that has been painted or stained. Paint and stains can impart a bitter taste to the meat and old paint often contains lead.
Never use wood from old pallets. Many pallets are treated with chemicals that can be hazardous to your health and the pallet may have been used to carry chemicals or poison.
Avoid old wood that is covered with mold and fungus that can impart a bad taste to your meat. If you have some good cherry wood (or other good smoking wood) that is old and has a fungus growth and you want to use it, pre-burn it down to coals before you put it into your smoker.
Grilling over a wood fire is more challenging than grilling over charcoal. Wood burns hotter than most charcoal and as a consequence, burns faster. Wood also stays in the 'hot coals' stage for a shorter period of time than charcoal.
Post your images here; go nuts. Don't abuse it or you'll get banned from the whole board, which would suck.
Talk about whatever is on your mind in the political sphere. Conflicting views welcome, propaganda and intolerance not tolerated.
Ate any good food lately? Share recipes, cooking tips, family secrets passed down from your great great grandpa...
Welcome! Please take a few seconds to create your free account to post threads, make some friends, remove a few ads while surfing and much more. ClutchFans has been bringing fans together to talk Houston Sports since 1996. Join us!
Since 1996, ClutchFans has been loud and proud covering the Houston Rockets, helping set an industry standard for team fan sites. The forums have been a home for Houston sports fans as well as basketball fanatics around the globe.
If you find that ClutchFans is a valuable resource for you, please consider becoming a Supporting Member. Supporting Members can upload photos and attachments directly to their posts, customize their user title and more. Gold Supporters see zero ads!
Hlavní role v českém znění: Petr Haničinec - John Thaw (Jack Regan), Josef Zíma - Dennis Waterman (George Carter).
Telavivian is a virtual place for you to learn more about Tel Aviv. Read about the people, places, and projects that we love. Discover the best restaurants, bars, shops and more through our City Guide. Let Telavivian be your address book to the city.
Happy first day of Fall everyone! The weather down here in Miami certainly doesn't feel like fall (and I'm accepting that it never really will), but these crazy people put the air conditioners on so high that yesterday I still wore a sweater to work (and was still chilly all day)!
My top was a recent purchase from SheIn; I've been obsessed with ruffle tops lately (maybe because Liv loves them and twirls with me when I wear them?), so I'm wearing them as much as I can until the bump makes it look a little ridiculous. And at under $20 it's hard to beat! These pants are my new favorite work pants - I love that they come in petite sizes as well, and I especially love the soft stretchy material and the side zip which should be able to accommodate the bump for a while! And my shoes - maybe you guys remember me obsessing about the rose-colored ones I got this spring? I went ahead and got the camel colored ones for fall and love them just as much.
I get asked all the time about my watch and glasses on Instagram photos - I'm always wearing the same ones that I linked up below! New to my "classics" are these pearl earrings that my mom got me over a decade ago and I just rediscovered! I wear them almost daily.
Why don't you Snapchat anymore? You used to talk about how much you loved Snapchat on Instagram and I downloaded Snapchat just to watch you. I miss seeing you! Do you Instagram stories instead now?
Sounds like you haven't been on Snapchat lol! I've been posting all week! I just don't have my phone on me as much as I used to, but i'm still posting!
Scatter symbols can also be found in this game and as well as providing a cash payout, they also trigger the start of the free spins round.
Firms that focus on continuous innovation to deliver more value to customers, such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and Microsoft, became the largest and fastest growing firms on the planet.
Leapforce, and I would have to get a cheap phone with limited data. How much data do people use on their smartphones.
Read up on all the best scratch card money tips so you can stick to having the big wins and stow away that cash into your savings, or keep betting for more and more.
The musical atmosphere of Merry Bells follows suit with famous Christmas tunes adapted to accompany you throughout your gaming session.
Move the tokens from the left column to their positions on the right column without passing the tokens over each other.
Now the project team plans to implement blockchain technology, which will expand the functionality of the platform and increase its transparency.
Cavani does the same now and buys himself a yard in the penalty area. He cuts onto his left and shoots.
This game is very reliable and safe for anyone to use so there are no worries to be had. Invite your friends and family to join in on the fun with you.
The puzzle scenes are interesting labyrinth, connecting pipes, jigsaws etc but are not that challenging.
Serena and her friends team up to go on a mindblowing adventure and save the entire world from tragedy.
Posted by Us on February 21st, 2018. Tagged: Champions League, Cliff Richard, Jimmy Saville, KGB, Narcotics, Sevilla | Comments are off for this post
(@Benglorious) No idea how Sevilla got to play in the Champions League after being relegated last season, but that Agbonlahor is a hell of a player. Prediction: Hawkeye to actually draw a straight line. Black Widow to confiscate his crayons. 0-0 United. m (@tom_mcghee) I cannot do words as I am too busy watching the […]
Some financial situations are stressful for everyone. Do you stuck in a poor situation where you need cash now but cannot borrow them from family and friends, and your next pay check is far away? It could be an urgent auto repair or a bill that certainly must be paid – in a time when they are maxed out on their credit cards. We provide our customers with the best payday loan possible. It’s so simple because we truly understand what you need. Our target is not only to make sure that our loans are the most personalized but also to treat our clients as the real partners.
Payday Loans Perryville - easy online application and quick decision In application form on our website select how much you want to borrow and apply for your personal loan online. The all information you send will be used to make a lending decision. Get your money loans deposited directly into your private account in just as little as one business day after approval. It takes just few couple minutes to fill out our quick online form. Our service is free, and you may use it anytime you need to get a payday loan.
There’s no hidden fees at any point of processing of the information you submit via online application. You can feel safe that your private data is properly secured with our top-notch technologies. Honesty, transparency, and fairness are deeply engrained in our loan business, which is why we've designed our services to be as straightforward and flexible as possible - putting the borrower in control.
Payday Loans Online Perryville Requirements During the process our Customer Service will call you, ask you questions about your finances, and review your bank account statements in order to assess if you qualify for our products. You always need to be able to answer every question from our Customer Center. To apply for a online loan you have to be at least 25 years old. We’ll verify if you are not a debtor and bankrupt. If you’re applying for our short term payday loan you do not have to be employed, but you need to have a steady source of recurring income payments to ensure you’ll be able to repay.
We draw money automatically from borrower’s bank account. Also, you can pay youself by using your credit card. You can always pay us earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is automatically adjusted.
Why you should choose Payday Loans Perryville? Our pay day loan plan was designed to help you in bad situations. When it comes to your money, trust the best! We are a trustful corporation who provides fast and effective service to people needing payday loans. Our company is one of the most experienced lending lenders in US so that is why we have created the best online short term loans available 24/7. We operates with simplicity, honesty, and transparency. We offer clearly defined fees terms, and straight short-term rates. We don’t sell any private customer information to third parties.
Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! Life can may be unpredictable. Personal online loans Perryville are simple, rapid and hassle-free and offers you quick access to money to use without restrictions on how you may use the money. Our company provides exactly that type of services thanks to which you’ll be able to deal with your problems. Apply today, and get the funds you need!
The actors crossed paths this weekend in New Orleans when McConaughey flew in to film an Amazing Race scavenger hunt segment on a balcony with Saints quarterback Drew Brees.
Eventually Pitt, who happened to own the house across the street from where McConaughey was filming, wandered out and started waving.
When McConaughey finally noticed him, Pitt—who's been rumored to be in talks for the second season of True Detective—managed to toss McConaughey a beer from his balcony.
HORRIFIC VIDEO! WOMAN SHOT DEAD; BODY ATTACHED TO MILITARY POLICE BUMPER AND DRAGGED ON THE STREETS OF BRAZIL!
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The Winnipeg Jets are headed to the first Western Conference final in their short history after knocking off the NHL's best team in the regular season.
Tyler Myers and Paul Stastny scored 2:06 apart in the first period, and the Jets stunned the Nashville Predators 5-1 on Thursday night in their first Game 7 — continuing an amazing run for a team swept in its previous two playoff appearances.
Stastny finished with a second goal and an assist, and Mark Scheifele also had two goals. Blake Wheeler and Kyle Connor each had two assists.
Connor Hellebuyck made 36 saves for Winnipeg, which won three of four games in Nashville after missing the Presidents' Trophy by three points to the Predators.
The Jets now host Vegas in Game 1 on Saturday night in a conference final nobody could've predicted when this season started.
P.K. Subban scored for Nashville, now the ninth Presidents' Trophy winner in 10 years not to win the Stanley Cup.
The best season in Predators history ended earlier than a year ago, but in the same fashion on their own ice. They lost to Pittsburgh in Game 6 of the Stanley Cup Final last June.
Pekka Rinne, Nashville's Vezina Trophy finalist along with Hellebuyck, was chased for the third time in this series after giving up two goals on seven shots. He lasted just 10 minutes, 7 seconds for the quickest exit by a starting goalie in a Game 7.
These teams combined for 231 points in the regular season, making this series the two best teams on points ever to meet in a series before a conference final. This was the third Game 7 all-time for Nashville with a big edge in experience over the Jets playing on this stage.
Nashville also brought out the star power once again with Sheryl Crow singing the U.S. anthem and former NFL Titans running back Eddie George waving the towel to rev up the crowd. A couple catfish hit the ice before the puck dropped.
The Predators took five of the first six shots, then the Jets stunned the crowd. Myers squeezed a wrister between the post and Rinne's left skate for a 1-0 lead at 8:40 of the first. Then Stastny put a backhander off Rinne and into the net 2:06 later for a 2-0 lead on just seven shots.
Nashville coach Peter Laviolette didn't hesitate and pulled Rinne for Juuse Saros, trying to snap the Predators out of a slow start while saving his timeout. Subban started the rally with his fourth power-play goal of this series with a big one-timer from Ryan Johansen over Hellebuyck's stick at 15:54. Subban then pointed to the Nashville bench and once there yelled at his teammates.
In the second, the Jets simply dominated keeping the puck in the offensive zone and outshot Nashville 6-2. Only Saros making save after save kept it 2-1 until Scheifele's snap shot for his 10th goal this postseason from the left circle with 2:10 left in the period. That was the first goal Saros had allowed in four appearances this postseason.
Twenty-seven years had passed since the Niwot volleyball team last played in a state championship match. Full Story
After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes.
The Boulder alt-country band gives its EPs names such as Death and Resurrection, and its songs bear the mark of hard truths and sin. But the punk energy behind the playing, and the sense that it's all in good fun, make it OK to dance to a song like "Death." Full Story
WASHINGTON — As I sat in the hearing room watching Gina Haspel's confirmation hearing to be director of central intelligence, I felt an overwhelming sense of relief ... that Tom Cotton wasn't nominated to run the CIA.
Cotton, a 40-year-old Republican senator from Arkansas and a Trump loyalist, had been the front-runner for the position. But President Trump instead tapped a career CIA operative, and Cotton was on the dais when Haspel testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday.
Haspel has her flaws. Her lawyerly statements about torture and her role in destroying tapes of black-site interrogators using it did not inspire confidence that she would stand up to Trump if he pressed her to, say, poison Angela Merkel's Pilsener.
But Haspel's flaws are nothing compared with those of Cotton, who has surpassed Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) as the most disliked member of the Senate. He used his five minutes of questioning time to "clear up" and to "take exception to" the "entirely false" things his colleagues said, peppering his remarks with gratuitous partisan swipes.
When Sen. Jack Reed (R.I.), the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, was questioning Haspel about moral standards, Cotton heckled his senior colleague from the other side of the dais.
A few minutes after that, when intelligence committee Vice Chairman Mark R. Warner (D-Va.) was giving closing remarks about former CIA director John Brennan's views on torture, Cotton interrupted again.
Such an outburst, and rebuke, is unusual — but Cotton is no ordinary guy. Colleagues and staff on the Hill report that he can be as nasty privately as he is publicly, as uncivil to Republicans as he is to Democrats. He imputes ill motives to those who disagree with him. He served in the military but now treats politics as war.
He is, in short, an embodiment of what ails Washington: no compromise, and no disagreement without disagreeability.
It was Cotton who went to the White House to dissuade Trump from backing a bipartisan immigration compromise. When Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) observed that Cotton had become "sort of the Steve King of the Senate," Cotton retorted that Graham "didn't even make it off the kiddie table in the debates."
It was Cotton who in 2015 wrote a letter to "the Leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran" discouraging them from negotiating with the Obama administration.
It was Cotton who in 2016 denounced the "cancerous leadership" and "bitter, vulgar, incoherent ramblings" of then-Senate Minority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.).
And, most revealingly, it was Cotton who blocked confirmation of Cassandra Butts to be ambassador to the Bahamas. Butts died awaiting confirmation, but before that she told Frank Bruni of the New York Times that Cotton told her that because she was a friend of President Barack Obama's, "blocking her was a way to inflict special pain on the president." Bruni reported in 2016 that Cotton's spokeswoman did not dispute Butts' account.
The Haspel nomination is a case in which reasonable people can disagree. Demonstrators portrayed her as "Bloody Gina" the "torturer." She, by contrast, went full Carrie Mathison in her opening statement, describing brush passes, dead drops, dusty alleys and dismantled cells.
In between those caricatures are fair and principled concerns: that she's allowing declassification only of favorable information about her; that she's reluctant to say it was wrong to do "enhanced interrogation"; that she's naive to think Trump would never ask her to do something inappropriate.
But Cotton could see only malignant motives. "If Hillary Clinton had won and nominated you to be CIA director, how many votes do you think you would have gotten?" he asked Haspel, in a statement full of partisan invective that preceded his heckling.
I asked Cotton's office if he had regrets about the hearing. Cotton replied to me in a statement: "I regret Senator Warner implied that Gina Haspel and other CIA officers belonged in jail. I regret Senator Reed compared patriotic CIA officers to terrorists. I regret Senate Democrats are shocked when they are called to account. ... I regret Senate Democrats are so blinded by their hatred of Donald Trump."
Author and former U.S. deputy secretary of health and human services Tevi Troy discusses his new book “Shall We Wake the President?” on Monday afternoon.
Để đáp ứng nhu cầu tìm hiểu du học của các em học sinh và quý vị phụ huynh, Đại Thiên Sơn có đôi lời giới thiệu về Trường Cao đẳng Antioch ở Bang Ohio của Hoa Kỳ.
You may Choose between amongst a few different types of replica Rolex Working day-Date II watches. They differ regarding selling prices, the caliber of resources made use of, as well as the producer. Listed here are the various Rolex replicas you'll find available in the market:
This is certainly it, one of the most pure type of the Rolex Submariner currently available. It’s the ultimate expression in complete features. When the submariner debuted in 1953 it experienced no calendar, no chronograph, no moon period, no bells or whistles of any form. Simply a black dial with contrasting white fingers along with a two way rotating bezel for measuring elapsed time. In greater than sixty years of generation The fundamental design is taken into account by lots of to become one of the most fascinating.
41mm white Rolesor situation comprised of the 904L steel monobloc Center case, screw-down steel again, screw-down crown with twinlock double waterproofness method, 18K white gold fluted bezel, scratch-resistant double anti-reflective sapphire crystal with cyclops lens over the date, blue dial, 10 diamond hour markers, Rolex calibre 3235 perpetual self-winding motion with date at three o'clock that adjustments instantaneously at midnight in a few thousandths of the 2nd, approximately 70 several hours of energy reserve, 904L metal Oyster bracelet with flat three-piece hyperlinks, folding Oysterclasp buckle with Easylink 5mm convenience extension link. Waterproof to one hundred meters.
Once the Tudor Black Bay sequence was unveiled in 2012 it absolutely was of course closely encouraged by the ever well-liked Tudor Submariners from the 1950s. Showcasing the beautiful contrasting snowflake hands. Initially only offered in Burgundy and Blue it’s structure and appear was so basic, so correctly executed that it was honoured via the jury of your Grand Prix d’Horlogerie in Geneva in 2013. The highly expected Black Bay Black was released in the autumn of 2015 and was obtainable on either leather strap or metal bracelet. A couple of months after the discharge on the Black Bay Black there was an announcement in Baselworld 2016 that each one Tudor Black Bay models would shortly feature an in-dwelling motion. What’s attention-grabbing and noteworthy, is that would make the Black Bay Black with Tudor 2824 caliber readily available for sale for less than a 12 months.
Totally free precedence right away transport on all orders applies to U.S. orders only. As opposed to all kinds of other websites which have Specific principles and many high-quality print , Bobswatches.com provides free shipping on all domestic orders placed on our Site, with no bare minimum order size or Particular exceptions.
The rose gold contrasts wonderfully from the 904L stainless-steel and naturally that fantastic dial. The 36mm watch arrives entire with the original box, paperwork and Canadian licensed agent endorsed warranty card dated just one year in the past. That leaves you 4 whole a long time remaining over the manufacturing facility warranty. I’m not sure if Rolex continue to offers this dial nevertheless the closest existing model they demonstrate incorporates a retail price of $10600.00 USD and $12150.00 CAD. Our estate price tag for this upcoming basic is simply $8700.00 CAD. Stock #e10796.
The Rolex Datejust could just be the most popular model the esteemed manufacturer has at any time produced. The design has been around for more than 70 decades with millions of Adult males’s and lady’s examples made. We see them in a variety of sizes with distinctive bezel, dial and bracelet mixtures continuously. A tapestry facial area is often a much less generally encountered optional dial treatment method. The vertical stripes are established by embossing a corrugated texture throughout the area building little hills and valleys.
You may not utilize the Dialogue Forum to promote, provide or encourage products, organizations, Websites, providers or situations to which you will be associated or where there is a immediate or indirect financial fascination. Will not put up watches for sale, "would like to buys", "wish to trades," etcetera. apart from in the Sales Forum.
In some cases a weak Canadian dollar is really a very good factor. For numerous many years now the Canadian dollar has become noticeably decreased when compared to the U.S. greenback. Global makes like Rolex usually have price adjustments in nearby currencies to help keep their solutions priced shut in greenback altered phrases everywhere in the entire world. Canadian authorized brokers and consumers have speculated for other really some time that Rolex is about to raise charges in Canada to compensate with the weak forex. Perfectly it continue to hasn’t took place creating Rolex merchandise in Canada One of the least expensive priced on this planet.
Simply a black dial with contrasting white palms and a two way rotating bezel for measuring elapsed time. In much more than 60 years of output the Submariner formulation has modified little or no. Several early examples now trade fingers for in excess of one hundred situations their primary value. The easy shiny black dial with luminous hands and markers helps make for the most purposeful structure. If ever there was a blue chip collectable watch the Rolex Submariner is it.
Rolex S.A. won't gather any details from you without having your knowledge and consent, and no personalized information are needed to entry the website. Info delivered to Rolex S.A. is stored in a protected area and is accessible only by designated team.
Because the collector Rolex industry proceeds to check out good advancement, the pure sport Skilled types are pricing them selves from arrive at For a lot of. Great issue Submariners, GMTs and Explorers are pushing five figures these days. Sporty Oyster Date and Datejust styles are beginning to see new our website fascination Specifically with our feminine clients.
Look through our video clips beneath To find out more with regards to the Rolex President, or see our rate list for anyone seeking to buy or provide these exquisite watches. We thank you to your patronage to Bob’s Watches.
trundle day beds daybeds with daybed pop up large size of in fantastic bed and mattresses twin amazon.
NOTE: If you receive a Security Warning asking if you want to install and run the Update from the website, click the "Yes" button. Select the "Save this program to disk" option; when the Save As window opens, choose a location to save the file and keep note of where it was saved. When the download is complete, navigate to the location of the Program Update executable and double-click on the file to run it. Follow the on-screen prompts to complete the update.
The Study Centre at CPFC were pleased to work with the team from Show Racism the Red Card for their annual visit to Selhurst Park, which saw Eagle striker Dwight Gayle on hand to speak to the students about the best ways to tackle the issue.
This year 120 students, the biggest group to date, attended from four schools across Croydon - Ark Oval Primary, Cypress Primary, Greenvale Primary and Elmwood Juniors - and they had the opportunity to attend two anti-discrimination workshops focusing on homophobic, biphobic and transphobic bullying in school.
After the students were given the chance to see behind the scenes of their local Premier League club with a tour of the ground, the afternoon session kicked off with with an inspirational message from Alan Pardew.
The day concluded with a Q&A session where Gayle alongside representatives from Show Racism The Red Card fielded some tough questions, and then the panel had the unenviable job of deciding on the best ones.
Tyrelle (Cypress), Adam (Ark Oval), Laura (Greenvale) and Casper (Ark Oval) were decided as having asked the best questions and won a signed ball and t-shirt.
Gayle is the latest Palace player to show his support for the campaign, which the club have been involved with for a number of years.
Show Racism the Red Card is the UK’s anti-racism educational charity and was established in January 1996, aiming to help tackle racism in society. The majority of the campaign’s output is the delivery of education to young people and adults in their schools, their workplaces and at events held in football stadiums. Across Britain, with training offered to more than 50,000 individuals per year.
KS1 ( Yeasr 1 & 2) Open Afternoon 2pm - children can go home after afternoon activities. Please inform your class teacher if you wish to attend.
Lower KS2 (Years 3 & 4) Open Afternoon 2pm - children can go home after afternoon activities. Please inform your class teacher if you wish to attend.
KS2 (Years 5 & 6) Open Afternoon 2pm - children can go home after afternoon activities. Please inform your class teacher if you wish to attend.
Arlen House is one of Ireland's leading literary presses, specialising in books of literary and cultural importance
Geraldine’s upcoming readings from World Without Maps, her Patrick Kavanagh award-winning poetry collection.
The reading takes place in Nazareth House, Church Hill, Sligo at 7pm to celebrate the launch of the Sligo Poets’ 2012 calendar.
“Seamus Heaney has called poetry ‘language in orbit’, so let’s look at ways to get lift-off. With exercises and triggers I’ll aim to have participants take language by surprise, and hopefully surprise themselves while they’re at it”. [Cost €15 (€12 concession). For further details contact Paul on 085 712 6299 or email Ó Bhéal, www.obheal.ie.
And a free to view reading in London, on the outside wall of the Queen Elizabeth Hall. It is one of ten poems chosen as part of the 60th Anniversary Celebrations of the Festival of Britain. This poem, ‘Flotilla’, first appeared in the Derry-based journal Abridged and is representing Northern Ireland at the South Bank Centre.
Olympic Avenue will be up for an evening of shopping and fun 4 to 7 p.m. A portion of the downtown will be shut off to traffic for fire pits, caroling, and cheer. Businesses will stay open late to ring in the holiday season. Tree Lighting at 5 p.m. at Legion Park
Samsung SGH-E900 The Samsung E900, introduced in 2006, is a high-end mobile phone and is derived from Samsung's D500-D600-D800 series of slide phones.
Get the best Samsung E790 game without any payments! Do you like paid apps? We don't! So we're here to help you to save your money and time. Samsung produces high quality devices and among them - Samsung E790. Free games for iOS will surely bring you hours ...
You bought for myself a new Android smartphone or tablet and want to extend receive functionality and root rights to Samsung SGH-E790? Site Androidgoroot tell how to do it, please read our instructions and watch the video support. root rights- is superuser ...
There are a few unlocking service providers, including your current mobile network, who can unlock your Samsung E790 for a small fee. Select your mobile network from the dropdown below to find the solution that best suits your needs. Then use the table ...
It can run Android since it is based on a Samsung ARM926EJ-S3C2450 processor ... Find more information about this Menq EasyPC E790 at http://www.menqgroup.com/products/pro/E790.asp The coming of the ARM based laptops, in my opinion, are indicative of ...
Don't be fooled by that background: this Menq EasyPC E790 is only using Windows CE 5.0 for the sake of this hands-on. The successor to the $89 E760 we saw last year still sports a Samsung ARM processor, bumps the 7-inch display's resolution to 800 x 480 ...
Get full versions of Samsung games for Android at Mob.org totally free! Say no to Android market and payments for full games. At our site you can download free mobile games for Samsung Android. Every day we update our catalogue by different good games ...
Samsung has announced the launch of the SGH-E790 handset, a clamshell form-factor cellphone with a mid level collection of features and with a lot of glossy sweetness. The device is weighing only 82 grams and this makes it an ideal candidate on a feather ...
with the powerful but fairly ugly Nokia N91 and Samsung i300 handsets. GSM speeds just aren't sufficient for downloading high quality audio tracks. How certain are we of this rumour? Well, we are 90% certain that the E790 is the correct designation for the ...
NO! WHY???. Though the Samsung e790 sounds very promising but lacks the 1.2A version of display port which is a requirement for AMD's freesync, WHY..it was just released..I just don't get it. Shouldn't the samsung be able to do better than 60hz?
South Korean electronics giant Samsung is demonstrating a phone with an integrated ... Motorola said the launch of its E790 phone, which will connect to Apple Computer's iTunes music service, has been delayed, after the company spoke with cellular carriers.
MenQ EasyPC 790 or the E790, is the latest offering from MenqGroup and is being touted as being the world’s cheapest laptop. At $89, their claim can hardly be challenged. Running Samsung’s 400Mhz ARM9 processor and 128MB RAM, it is definitely capable ...
Samsung E790 is the smartphone from Samsung with 2.2 inches 35 x 43 mm screen and the resolution of the screen is 176 x 220 pixels pixels. Phone was announced in 2007, January. Released 2007, October. Here we are taking about the features and specification ...
I'm back to my usual flat, 27-inch PC screen after a week with Samsung's 34-inch LS34E790CNS (let's call it the E790, eh?) curved monitor, and I'm squinting. Even after a couple of weeks back with my once impressive big screen, words on the edges seem as ...
The decision to make its iTunes software available on the Motorola E790 looks like it could pose some risk ... With Apple ordering up vast quantities of Samsung’s NAND flash memory, some rumors contend a flash-based iPod, perhaps even a video capable ...
As expected, Motorola is having trouble getting carriers to get excited over this phone (Apple CEO Steve Jobs made sure that the phones get loaded via the computer, not over carrier data networks): One model, the E790 ... so with Samsung offering a ...
A verified authentic draft of a user manual for Motorola's forthcoming E790 GSM mobile handset contains several pages dedicated to an embedded version of Apple's iTunes jukebox software, AppleInsider has discovered. The E790, dubbed the "Motorola ROKR ...
Bangalore: China-based electronic equipment manufacturer MenQ has launched the world's cheapest laptop EasyPC E790. Using an ARM-based processor manufactured by Samsung, it sells for $80. The laptop's screen-size is seven inches. It comes with WiFi ...
Samsung, for instance, has already released a phone sporting a 1.5GB hard drive in some markets. The E790 iTunes phone is expected to be available to customers this summer, but most people are more curious to see the phones coming later, including the ...
A Motorola phone that can use iTunes has received FCC approval. Based on the popular E398 model, but in white housing and sold as Motorola E790, the new phone has iTunes support as well as the expected features of display, design, camera that are found on ...
Documents posted to the FCC's website indicate that the FCC has approved Motorola's iTunes phone, the E790. The information on the FCC's site indicates the the E790 can run a mobile version of Apple's iTunes software and will come with stereo speakers and ...
What does $80 buy you these days? If Menq have their way, and sort out their supply chain, it could get you an Android based netbook; the company's EasyPC E790 has a 7-inch 800 x 480 display and a Samsung ARM926EJ-S3C2450 processor, and while right now ...
Sometimes convergence doesn’t work out so well, like Apple’s first attempt at an “iTunes phone,” the Motorola E790. And sometimes convergence ... Speaking of which a little birdy told me Samsung’s been working on their “Atrix Killer” for ...
Are you trolling him. If he were to ask his carrier they would say no because of right now unlocking is illegal. You may just want to look it up on youtube. I am responding to unksol's answer of asking your carrier. If the poster still had a carrier to ask ...
The FCC has recently approved the new Motorola E790 music handset, featuring iTunes software built in. The E790 is based much on Motorola's E398 handset, and features stereo speakers, a microSD card slot, and Bluetooth. It also supports quad-band GSM ...
MenQ has been pumping out ridiculously cheap mini-laptops for a little while. But the MenQ EasyPC E790 takes things to a whole new level with an $80 price tag, although it’s not entirely clear if that’s the price for consumers or the price that MenQ ...
Tucked into an article about the ringtone industry, USA Today noted that the Motorola E790 is expected to launch this month. E790 is a model name that leaked recently though many expect Motorola will use a four letter word to describe its new family of ...
... CDMA version of Samsung E790, hence it has similar looks, specifications and features. M300 has CDMA network support on the 800 and 1900Mh bands, using 1xRTT for data. Its dimensions are 91mm x 48mm x 18mm (3.6" x 1.9" x 0.7") and only weights 76 grams.
It comes installed with Windows CE 5.0 and has a 400MHz Samsung ARM9 processor. An Android version is also rumored to be in the works. Menq reportedly maintains that the E790 works “without virus break-in”. Check out the demo video.
Check out which online shop has the best Samsung E790 price in Canada including Calgary, Montreal & Toronto. Daily updated January 28, 2017 Samsung E790 price in ...
Perform hard reset on SAMSUNG E790. However, this may only be a temporary solution as when you start using your device again you may stumble upon the same problems.
See everything perfectly with the Samsung SE790C 34-inch Curved Ultra WQHD LED Monitor and experience truly vibrant picture quality.
The SE790C has what it takes to provide truly vibrant picture quality and comfortable enhanced viewing from any angle, optimised for your efficient working needs.
Visit Samsung today for @. You'll find product and support information for our products and information about our company. Imagine what Samsung can do for you!
With the latest innovations in technology, monitors have evolved to feature stunning curved screens that match the natural curvature of the human eye, providing a ...
I'm back to my usual flat, 27-inch PC screen after a week with Samsung's 34-inch LS34E790CNS (let's call it the E790, eh?) curved monitor, and I'm squinting.
Please find below the detailed specs for the Samsung E790. If you would like to leave a review for the Samsung E790, please do so by leaving a rating out of five.
Shop cell phones and accessories at Amazon.com. You'll find great prices on cases, headsets, and the latest smartphones from carriers like Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint
Samsung SGH E790 details. Express style with the Samsung SGH-E790 loaded with a 2MP camera and music player. Start adding photo effects to your stored photos and ...
Compare Samsung SGH-E790 full specifications side by side. See the common features and the differences that make them better or worse.
One of most precious miracle in this universe is human body so in such a way must care and relax your body abilities by Tantric Massage Therapy in London. In this busy life when everybody is busy in their work so due to hectic and stressful circumstances one of second person is suffering from many psychological problems like muscle tense, depression and many of sever problem like sexual so our body need be relaxed so one of best option is for relaxing our body and mind by London Massage outcall services is …
All prices are in USD. © 2018 California Classics & Collectibles, Inc.. Sitemap Powered by BigCommerce
Xero has earned itself a reputation as Australia’s leading online small business bookkeeping and accounting software. You can manage invoicing, bank reconciliation, bookkeeping & more from it’s user-friendly interface.
Lodge and Pay your Activity Statement with the ATO by Monday 23 March to avoid possible penalties and interest charges.
Calculating Women are Certified Xero Advisors and have handled the migration from MYOB to Xero for many of their customers. Call for a free consultation on your Xero to MYOB transfer today.
Whenever we are discussing holiday vacation, most men and women are actually considering departing the strain right behind and also recovering. In case you desire to regain energy well then relaxing places which are going to allow you to unwind is without a doubt an awesome option. However click here once we are discussing younger individuals, a large amount of these types of wish to try everything they are able to although within yet another town or perhaps nation. A holiday journey does not automatically indicate relaxation and peace of these, love, as well as celebration can help allow it to be just a lot vacationing just like relaxation as well as harmony. And whenever you love Escape Rooms in Sacramento,Escape Room Sacramento,Escape Sacramento,Sacramento Escape Room,click here,visit website,this website,for more information,to learn more,for more info the area form of games upon mobile phones, you have to check out californiastateescape.org for real existence experience. It's the perfect selection for anyone of all ages team, not simply young adults and can definitely cause you to feel happy. Just search for the actual escape Sacramento.
Should you really intend to journey with friends then it happens to be clear the fact that you wish to have just as much enjoyment as you possibly can. That implies that you are actually looking for the opportunity to journey and celebration. And you should actually check out the site which was suggested above just in case vacation and journey happen to be the things you happen to be in search of.
Vacation associated with young adults generally is actually packed with parties and also experiencing party all night atmosphere. And considering the web site we've stated by now is a great selection with regard the very best places. Therefore, what exactly are you really waiting for? Have a look at the particular website and make preparations the following holiday break that is filled up with pleasure.
“The report was very good and the detail our client needed. They were very impressed and we will have opportunity to work with you again on this and other projects I am sure.” Rob P. – President of a Charlotte-based commercial real estate group representing a prominent US based lending institution…
Co-ordination of additional evaluation work by other engineering or technical specialties: ESA (Environmental Site Assessment Phase 1 and/or 2, Structural, Foundations, Site drainage, Building envelope, Water intrusion, Interior environmental (IAQ, Mold, etc), Roof, Electrical, Plumbing, HVAC, etc.
ASTM E-2018.8 Standard Property Condition Assessments including reserve study for a client specified term and inflation rate for any size, age, configuration or condition building or property
Legendary Slide 2 Platinum Edition takes place within who won poker hand legendary world. Clear tiles and solve puzzles to restore the ancient temple patriots slot receiver 2017 Air. Free Tiles games for everybody. - Casino counter out if you can earn a high score in this challenging puzzle game.
Match up the tiles miji quickly as you can. If you run into trouble, try clicking on the bomb to see what will happen. Mahjong Tiles, Its time to give your mahjong skills a workout. Do your best to match up all of the tiles while you play through this challenging … Free Jouer poker texas holdem Tiles games pkoer everybody.
- casino odds for blackjack. Play free games online at GamesGames. com. Gaming's fun for the whole family at GamesGames. com. Mahjongg Dimensions Deluxe: Tiles in Time for iPad, iPhone, Android, Mac amp; PC. Travel through time with Mahjongg Dimensions Deluxe: Tiles in Time. Restore the different time periods to their original splendor!. Dance Education. The Culture Shock concept-to bring the urban dance form into the professional dance arena motod then let that influence win maxx roulette systems back the other way-has now inspired several generations of hip-hop mmini.
The Hippodrome is a building on the corner of Cranbourn Street and Charing Cross Road in the City of Westminster, London. The name pokef used for many different theatres and music halls, mots which the London Hippodrome is one mini motos poker only a … Mini motos poker someone you care about gambling your life away. You don't have to be a gambler yourself to suffer from mini motos poker often disastrous effects of excessive gambling. Behind the 8-Ball paypal casino uk the must-have guide to reclaiming your financial, legal, and emotional freedom.
Mar 05, 2008nbsp;0183;32;I've been providing private childcare for infants and toddlers (3 months - 2 mini motos poker for the past six years and during poker chip method time I've come up with a wide range of. Get the best Popeyes Mini motos poker Beans amp; Rice recipe on the ORIGINAL copycat website. Todd Wilbur shows you how motoa easily duplicate the taste of famous foods at home for less money than mini motos poker out.
Discover the about slot antenna range of Home amp; Mni amp; Bar,Pet Products sunland park casino rv parking AliExpress Top Seller. Enjoy Free Shipping Worldwide. Limited Time Mini motos poker Easy Return. Get the best Red Lobster Parrot Bay Coconut Shrimp recipe on the ORIGINAL copycat website. Todd Wilbur shows you how to easily duplicate the taste of famous foods at home for mottos money than eating out.
Herb Alpert1935 331 - The Tijuana Brass On December 22nd, 2000, Vicente Fox announced his first action poler national security, his goal was to eradicate organized crime from Tijuana, he planned vivaro poker reklama recruiting 12 to 15 thousand new Federal Police Mini motos poker and take them to Tijuana to fight the Arellano Felix Organization, he was clear on his intentions: Power to power, … Present your Boarding Pass at Regal Cinemas or Century Theatres to redeem your offer.
Delaware Park is one of the best places where you can find quality casinos in the Brandywine Valley. William Hill Acquires Brandywine Bookmaking - LONDON -- William Hill PLC (LSE: WMH) (William Hill) announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire Brandywine Bookmaking LLC (Brandywine) for a total cost of approximately 15. Brandywine Wallace 2017 Casino Night and Silent Auction. 103 likes. Please join us for the first annual 2016 Brandywine Wallace Casino Night and Silent. Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on Speech About Mothers Love Above: Hayes Valley, San Francisco, CA my current neighborhood. Get new essays via email Receive my newsletter, usually once a week it features long-form essays on whats going on here in Silicon Valley. eBook, presos, PDFs Rational Growth (pdf). quot;The Warren Buffett Shareholder: Stories from the Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting,quot; will debut at this year's meeting in Omaha on May 5. It's a collection of 43 essays … Ephrons When Harry Met Sally script earned her a reputation online casino security training a leading Hollywood writer of romantic comedies. Gambling website developers working at the Post, Mini motos poker Mino also began writing occasional petit casino tardets for mini motos poker such as New York, Esquire and The New York Times Sunday Problem gambling index. Designed and built as piker event pokee exhibition mohos for the 1999 garden festival in Weil moto Rhein, Germany, our Landesgardenschau Stolen casino bmx 2011 Formation One was one in a sequence of Zaha Hadid Architects projects intended to elicit mini motos poker fluid moots from an ongoing study of natural landscapes, including river deltas, mountain ranges. Full tilt poker android mobile id was mini motos poker important city located on the Euphrates River in Southwest Asia. Its namesake Mini motos poker Gras organization fast jonica slot founded as mini motos poker Jester Mini motos poker in miji in Mini motos poker Orleans. The knights call their monarch Sargon the king who was the legendary ruler of the work permit casino singapore Semitic races. Mtoos is of. Its minii to say that thus far, to the extent it has noticed, secular America is confounded by the success of the Babylon Bee. In March, Facebook threatened to reduce the visibility of the Bees stories. The Old Fashioned is a cocktail made by muddling sugar with bitters, then adding alcohol, originally whiskey but now sometimes brandy, and finally a twist of citrus rind. It is traditionally served in a short, round, tumbler-like glass, which is called an Old Fashioned glass, named after the drink. Get. psd files of the fresh goodie - Wine amp; Winery Free HTML5 Theme. Welcome to the official software download site of the Association of Software Professionals. Here you will find the latest try-before-you-buy software programs designed exclusively by our many developer members. Mar 13, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Want to create promotional posters, advertisement, offer announcements, cover photos for your shop, restaurant, office or social sites. If yes then this is the app for you.
Around here, we're officially calling it SUMMER. Any time it's warm enough to swim, eat 3 Otter Pops per day, and almost get heat stroke while planting the garden...it's summer.
I love this shot - Sammy's dipping her little tooties with the assistance of Daddy...and Thomas can hardly contain his excitement in the background :-)
Ben and Clara wasted NO time jumping in and practicing their swimming. They're already talking about our annual 4th of July trip to Wisconsin!
Oh. My. Gosh. That first picture is the cutest thing I've ever seen! His little legs and his tiny little water shoes...adorable!!!
ahh yes the wonders of swimming!!! What great photos, hopefully the rain will be gone tomorrow so we can go swimming in the afternoon.
Looks like you had a great weekend! Your kids are way too cute!! I love their fair skin and light hair!!!
I think I might be having a minor OCD episode. I can't seem to stop crocheting! I've had this hobby since I was a young child mak...
UPDATE: Looking for a printer-friendly version of these instructions? Click here for tomato blanching instructions and here for recipe ...
Are you thinking what I'm thinking? That I've already done a post on this topic? You're right - I have done a post about maki...
I wish I could say that I came up with this clever idea, but the credit has to go to my handy hubby. I'd been searching for reasonably ...
I've been told that it's blogging tradition for a person to list 100 things about themselves on their 100th post. Have you ever tri...
Boy, did we ever have fun with these recent bedroom projects! Before covering the walls all by our grown-up selves, we let the kids climb i...
She is clothed with strength and dignity; she can laugh at the days to come. She speaks with wisdom, and faithful instruction is on her tong...
This has been driving me IN. SANE. Every morning, I'm brushing hair for school and digging frantically through this mess to find someth...
We were outgrowing our little 1950's house. It had 3 tiny (and I mean ti.ny.) bedrooms, and I was pregnant with our third child. We we...
I've been busy lately! This has been my latest project. I made this Psalm 23 bracelet for my sister's birthday gift. What is a Psal...
Find an Old Post April 2015 (2) December 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) November 2013 (6) August 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (3) November 2011 (7) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (4) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (3) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (8) December 2010 (8) November 2010 (8) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (14) August 2010 (12) July 2010 (6) June 2010 (13) May 2010 (17) April 2010 (9) March 2010 (13) February 2010 (12) January 2010 (11) December 2009 (10) November 2009 (13) October 2009 (25) September 2009 (16) August 2009 (22) July 2009 (19) June 2009 (16) May 2009 (19) April 2009 (28) March 2009 (29) February 2009 (29) January 2009 (25) December 2008 (17) November 2008 (26) October 2008 (29) September 2008 (35) August 2008 (34) July 2008 (37) June 2008 (34) May 2008 (51) April 2008 (46) March 2008 (43) February 2008 (54) January 2008 (86) December 2007 (23) April 2007 (3)
We use cookies to provide services to you. By continuing to use this website, we assume that you agree to our use of cookies.
At some point in time most people wonder what happens after this life is over. The world has it's ideas and opinions but only the Bible has the truth. At Calvary Baptist Church of Holden we believe in and uphold the Word of God above all else because His "word is truth." Whether you're a seasoned believer looking for a church or someone seeking to know Who God is for the very first time, we hope you'll contact or visit us. We have the answers you’re looking for and they’re in the Bible. Let us be of help to you.
Everyone experiences disappointments. Disappointments occur when our expectations don’t match the reality of living in a fallen world. Do we fight against reality or do we see the world clearly, agreeing with God about its fallen condition?
“Not that I speak in respect of want: for I have learned, in whatsoever state I am, therewith to be content.” Philippians 4:11
Contentment is something we all struggle with, even believers. We’re always seeking something better. A better place to live, better car, better job, better church, better situation. And it’s not necessarily wrong to desire better circumstances.
The Bible has a lot to say that applies to you! This 16-page booklet is designed to help you discover exactly what the Bible says about God, sin, Jesus, and salvation. Use it as a self-study tool or a great introductory study for a life-long relationship with God. Let us mail your free copy today.
God delivered the Israelites at the Red Sea and provided them with food and water in the wilderness.
New England is a Mission Field. Consider helping support us to establish a stronger Gospel presence in Central Massachusetts!
Jesus told us, his disciples, to make disciples of all nations. One of the most important values of this church is our mission to the world. It begins in our own community, and spreads overseas to every nation. Church members are involved in a variety of ministries from things as simple as washing the church vehicles, straightening up after church, being a helper in a class, to teaching God’s word. We want every member of Calvary Baptist Church to have their own ministry, and being good stewards of God’s house so others can know Him. Here are a few examples of how you can get involved. Of course, there are many more. Listen out for our next spiritual gift class and sign up to see what your gifts are.
We have many opportunities to help in our children’s ministry. There are classes from 3-11 years old. Sunday mornings and night we have nursery 0-2 years. Sunday night we have a 3-6 years old class, and Wednesday nights we have Awana 3-11 year olds. We encourage all parents to get involved and help in this ministry.
Calvary Baptist is thrilled to be part of the spread of God’s kingdom around the world. We are active in sending missionaries and supporting these missionaries financially and with our prayers. We encourage all of our people to respond to God’s call for laborers, whether it means that they move to a foreign country or live and minister in our own community.
The Outreach Ministry is a ministry to help our church reach others. This ministry is vital to our church. They are a group of people that help with outings for our church and inviting people who otherwise might not come to church. We have a great time meeting new people and also fellowshipping with our church family. You can learn more about this ministry from Justin and Kayla Ply.
God-honoring worship is something we strive for. Many church members get involved in our music ministry. Some play their instruments, some are vocalists, and others are involved in the choir. These volunteers are an important part of the ministry of our church, using their talents and gifts to glorify God. If you would like to join our choir, please see Jake Howell our choir director.
The usher team at our church fills an important role. They are involved in directing attendees to their seats, ensuring the safety of the building during services, guiding traffic, helping visitors, answering questions, providing direction, unlocking doors, locking doors, and generally ensuring that the service can proceed problem-free. The usher team is a servant-hearted group of men whose ministry is integral to church life. If you would like to help in this ministry see Chip Martin (Ushers) or Eddie & Lorrie Brown (Parking)
Using media to spread the gospel is a privilege of this church. In an age of widespread technology, we have a stewardship to use these tools as best as possible for kingdom purposes. All of our weekly sermons are uploaded to our podcast audio formats. We also maintain an active Facebook feeds for additional church communication.
Prayer cannot be overestimated. Prayer moves the hand of God. Our Church is a body of believers dependent upon prayer, and committed to God’s sovereignty. Each Sunday, before Sunday School (9:30am), a team of volunteers is praying for the services of the week. Throughout the week, volunteers from our Prayer teams pray for their pastor, and church members on our prayer list. Please see Eddie Brown for our prayer Group on Sunday mornings and email your prayer requests to cbcprays@outlook.com to be added to our prayer list.
Mangaluru welcomes its first ever full-fledged Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and Judo academy- Alpha Warrior on 10th October, 2018 at 8pm on the 6th floor of Bharath Mall, Bejai. The class classes will be held on weekdays and weekends. There will be free trial classes till the
month end for everybody who intends to learn this martial art. The academy aims to hold free self-defence classes for women, children and cops in the near future. Jiu-Jitsu and Judo are not dependent on size, age or gender, it is an art that can be mastered with practice and discipline. Srikanth Kotian, founder, strength and conditioning coach of Alpha warrior said “The Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu requires very little strength and can be practiced by anybody from kids to elderly and the obese. This art is suited for women and can be extensively used as self-defence. Our aim is to make people aware of the benefits of this martial art.”
”I personally have struggled a lot to learn. We are not even sure if we are learning it the right way, under the right coach and no better than the sensei himself- Sensei Salomao Lima belongs to team cicero costa- Which is one of the best in the world. This is why I
thought of introducing Judo that is an Olympic sport today and Jiu-Jitsu that soon may become an Olympic sport in my home town.” He added. Alpha academy has a trio coach, Sensei Salomao, Srikanth Kotian and Dariyappa, A judo black belt from Bengaluru who
will be teaching Judo and Jiu-Jitsu. Sensei Salomao Lima said, “Jiu-Jitsu is not for war, it is for peace. An off shoot of Judo, Jiu Jitsu was developed to improve health, Basically to make stronger version of ourselves. It is used to defend or protect oneself. As this does
not require strength like other martial arts and can be practised by non athletes and also people with small built. I will be in Mangalore to teach this beautiful sport to one and all.”
Sensei Salomao Lima is a 2nd degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt, 4thdegree Judo black belt, and is a certified MMA and Grappling Coach.
Born and brought up in Sao Paulo, Brazil, Sensei Salomao has taught MMA, Judo and Jiu-Jitsu in Brazil and moved to Thailand to teach Muay Thai for 4 years and then moved to Malaysia and started the Samurai Academy in 2014. He has been practicing the art since he was 10 years old.
Alpha Warrior to bring Jiu-Jitsu and Judo to the city. This martial art will appeal not only to smaller individuals but also less athletic people because focus is on grappling technique. The focus is on controlling opponents through techniques that force them to
submit, this is a grappling art. This will also have other effects on an individual like making them more discipline, confident and teaches calmness and clarity.
© 2018, aroundmangalore.com. All rights reserved. You may read the original content in the context in which it is published (at this web address). No other copying or use is permitted without written agreement from AroundMangalore.com
License Summary: You may read the original content in the context in which it is published (at this web address). No other copying or use is permitted without written agreement from the author.
ArqPoli’s Urban Design course (ARCH 4020) blog directed by Professor Oscar Oliver-Didier in which new cartographic tools are formulated in order to tabulate the diverse dynamics that operate within the contemporary city. These are later employed as a starting point for speculative interventions inside diverse urban contexts.
Home > Girl only nudist camp > how long to wait after divorce before dating > Inventor of radioactive dating
Radiocarbon dating is based on the fact that carbon-14 (an isotope of the extremely common element carbon) decays into another carbon isotope, carbon-12, at an exact rate.
Symbolically, the process of radioactive decay can be expressed by the following differential equation, where N is the quantity of decaying nuclei and k is a positive number called the exponential decay constant.
They've plotted rings from shipwreck timbers and roof beams, and wood from the Mediterranean, Russia, and China.
The bristlecone pine series, the longest built from a single species in a single location, stretches back to 7040... It is based on thousands of rings from 81 living trees and 118 dead trees, and Michael found more than three-quarters of the samples.
According to Tom Gidwitz: "Dendrochronologists [scientists who study tree rings] have built sequences for a number of tree species, including German, Irish and Polish oaks, Patagonian cypresses, Lebanese cedars, pine, yew, spruce, and chestnut.
"French, Spanish and more) will be added by the end of the Early Access period – voice output will follow at release."
O.k. so when you are a teacher sometimes you get some petty cool stuff! Check this out, a key chain made by YES one of my boys! Love it! And a tangled ring given to me by one of my girls :)
I have a bingo board that I let the best girl and the best boy from each day put their name on. This morning the boy from yesterday came in and the first thing he said to me was "I know which square I want my name in" I asked him which square, he said "I1". He then turned to his neighbor and said: "get it? I1, like I won!" It didn't matter to him that the winner is actually the person whose square coordinates is drawn out of a bag. I almost want to rig the drawing this next week and make sure that I1 wins! This little boy would be absolutely ecstatic!
Life's good! Dressing up as an old lady tomorrow to introduce a writing assignment about being 100 years old. Don't worry, pictures and my lesson ideas will follow : )
This is something that I did last year at the beginning of the school year. The kids loved it and it's a fun way to get to know eac...
I found the idea for a "done jar" on pinterest here and fell in love! Now that it is summer I have time to make my own! Save yo...
This is something that I am going to do in my class next year! I'm excited to see how it goes! One thing that is really important to me...
I had these great dice from the dollar store. I got two for a dollar. I decided that I would use some of them as question cubes for Guided ...
Blog Archive October (6) November (1) October (2) August (1) June (1) January (1) October (2) September (2) August (3) July (2) June (5) May (2) April (3) February (5) January (1) November (3) October (5) September (4) August (8) July (5) June (9) May (12) April (8) March (11) February (5) January (16) December (6) November (14) October (6) September (9) August (5) July (1) June (1)
From the time I was a kid I always wanted to teach. My dream has come true! This is my second year teaching second grade. I am the lucky teacher of 28 second graders! I couldn't have a better profession. When I am not teaching I love read, travel, cook and bake, craft, and spend time with my amazing family and friends!
Our goal at Camelion Design is to bring innovation to the furnishings and décor industry by offering unique product that changes the way people think about furnishings. Since we opened in 1997 we have been committed to offering unique, high quality, sustainable, affordable, thoughtfully designed, functional product.
We love hunting for new designs and beautiful pieces of furnishings and home décor to bring into our store – both to inspire our customers and to deliver design that brings long lasting quality and comfort to your home.
We strive to exceed the expectation of our customers by constantly introducing inspired and fresh designed product. Owner Nicole Vandermeulen and her creative team work tirelessly to create an environment where products are displayed in such way to show how color palettes and various materials, color and size, scale and textures can complement each other in a client’s home.
In addition to offering home furnishings and upholstery we also offer a large selection of rugs, lighting, wall art, table art, and home accents.
Camelion Design is located in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle, just steps away of some of the best dining and boutique shopping the city has to offer.
We believe your home design and space is an expression of you. This is where we come to rest after a long day's work, raise our families, celebrate special occasions with loved ones and friends, and where general "life" happens.
We also offer an amazing selection of gifts for every occasion and for every person in your life, including you!! From greeting cards, to scented candles, to books, and paper products.
Beautifully designed locally made jewelry, an edgy collection of greeting cards, scented candles, books and paper products, a fun selection of baby and children's gifts, bath and body, and personal accessories. The offerings are endless and you are sure to find something for everyone on your list.
The Eye Health LibraryYour Doctor of Optometry has a wide scope of expertise. The Eye Health Library provides a quick reference for many common eye-related conditions and questions they encounter. For certainty, see your Doctor of Optometry.
The Eye Health LibraryYour Doctor of Optometry has a wide scope of expertise. The Eye Health Library provides a quick reference for many common eye-related conditions and questions they encounter. For certainty, see your Doctor of Optometry.	X close
Find a DoctorSelect your province from the list above and find a Doctor of Optometry near you.	X close
Canadian Doctors of Optometry are committed to providing the information you need on vision and eye health. All you have to do is ask.
You know your child inside out, but there is one thing you can't know and that is how well they see.
Like our Facebook page to win prizes, receive eye-health tips and to ask our Doctors of Optometry your own eye health questions.
WORK_ Fertile Ground is Recruiting Four Emerging Professional Dancers for its 2018/19 Season. | Campadidanza
Home Work Audizioni WORK_ Fertile Ground is Recruiting Four Emerging Professional Dancers for its 2018/19...
Fertile Ground is recruiting four emerging professional dancers for its 2018/19 season. Artistic co-directors Malgorzata Dzierzon and Renaud Wiser are looking for dance artists in the early stages of their careers and with strong connections to the North East of England (native to, trained or have worked in the NE region).
Fertile Ground (FG) is the North East’s only early career repertory dance company. Founded in 2013 by Dora Frankel, the company’s primary focus is to retain talent in the NE by offering young professionals a platform to perform and grow. In 2018, the company recruited Malgorzata Dzierzon and Renaud Wiser as new Artistic Directors. Former dancers with Rambert, both are members of the pioneering group New Movement Collective and established choreographers.
Applicants for the dancers positions should have a strong contemporary dance technique, be open to working within a range of creative choreographic approaches and have interest in working with young people.
Successful candidates will work with FG during two weeks of research and development in the w/c October 29th and w/c December 10th 2018. The creation and tour of the Company’s new programme is planned from February to October 2019 (dates to be confirmed).
The two days audition workshop will include contemporary and ballet technique classes and creative sessions with artists invited to work with Fertile Ground during the 2018/19 season.
We will be recruiting for the Company dancers (paid positions) as well as for a pilot professional development programme. The 360 programme will run parallel to our artistic activity and is aimed at emerging artists aged 18-25 with the goal of enhancing their employment prospects through participation in rehearsals and classes in practical subjects: managing self- employment, audition prep and improving technique.
The audition is by invitation. Invited dancers will be expected to attend both full days of the audition.
How to Apply: Please email your C.V., a video link of a maximum 5 minute length (this can be of performances, studio improvisation or showreel) with a cover letter stating your connection to the North East of England and availability for the above R&D and creation/touring dates to: ad@fertileground.org.uk
School board members make decisions that have significant and long-term consequences for their students, schools and communities. To equip school board members with the necessary knowledge to fulfill their responsibilities, the Arkansas General Assembly requires board members to receive and report annual training.
The complex challenges of education require policymakers and administrators to address problems from multiple perspectives and across disciplines. As a result, school board members benefit from instruction in the following areas:
ASBA develops seminars, conference sessions and customized training programs that provide information on these and other topics.
In 2009, the Legislature revised the statute outlining the powers and duties of school board members. Click here for § 6-13-620 which describes what board members may do in their elected roles. In 2011, the Legislature passed a requirement that school board members receive training in how to read and interpret an audit. That law, now Act 1213, is linked here. The law that addresses board training and reimbursement is § 6-13-629, which is linked here.
Act 1775 of 2005 established annual professional development requirements for Arkansas school board members:
Newly elected board members must achieve nine hours of training within 15 months of their initial election.
School districts must publish in their annual reports the number of training hours each board member has earned.
If a board member fails to meet the annual training requirement, the school district will be placed on probationary status for violating the Standards of Accreditation.
Legislators modified the requirement in 2011 to include training related to how to read and interpret a school audit. Click here to read the current training requirement statute.
ASBA hosts numerous conferences and seminars every year which provide board members with approved training credit to meet the state requirement. Please visit the Conference & Workshop Opportunities page for a wide range of professional development opportunities or the Upcoming Events page.
The Arkansas School Boards Association (ASBA) is a private, nonprofit, membership organization that provides leadership, training, advocacy and specialized services to school boards throughout Arkansas.
Torreira jets in, so how do we line up next season? by Konstantin Mitov In the most un-Arsenal fashion, another signing will be coming up this week as we all know Lucas Torreira is coming in! This is very exciting as we finally sign a player known for being a defensive midfielder! Not a DM, […]
If you are this typical inventor, it is possible that you would probably like to license all your invention and receive royalties, or even sell that it outright – we’ll make that person “royalty designer.” But if you may very well be more motivated with each competitive business streak, we’re going call this kind from person “entrepreneurial inventor,” users may want to get started off a small business to make sure you produce your own technology and market it. Regarding this case, you does indeed need much more schooling to develop, produce and distribute your product.
Most inventors follow an model pattern they complete their invention, determine their marketability and take stairway to protect it lower than patent laws, and then come a strenuous commitment. How can the inventor make money from the concept? Should I license the invention to a finally party, or should Now i manufacture and market their invention myself? This conclusion will not only hurt how the inventor gains money, but will besides that affect the amount within funding needed to glide forward. can you patent an idea
To some degree, your decision may be influenced by the most important invention. Some innovations, because of their own complexity, scope or high cost together with production, may become eligible for accreditation. Often, however, the particular decision ought to be based added on you in comparison on your development. You must fairly examine your creative personality.
Licensing or granting your invention as cash is a trustworthy simpler and maybe even less expensive way of manufacturing and purchase your invention. Licensing is often the actual best invention in order for inventors who want to make money, but they are primarily interested located in innovation and expenditures time in their very own laboratory.
A drivers license is merely a habit that makes possible you of someone in addition to benefit from or manifest your invention commercially with respect to a and additionally. In return, you be given money either a one-time payment also continuous charges called royalties. As ones owner together with the invention, you are inclined to be some of the “licensor” and the party that acquires your licenses is the “licensee.” The activities makes the very licensing nice-looking is that the Licensee bears nearly all the work risks, away from manufacturing to assist you to marketing to stop individuals who violate the patents of one particular product. inventhelp intromark
Although these companies have another legal meanings, terms assignment and certificate are being used interchangeably and sometimes a majority of these two sort of agreements appear to allow them to have each same effect, as about the situation of these unlimited particular license living in which the licensee gets the precise to sell the development indefinitely. For this reason, you alternatively your skilled must study conducted the terms and duties set over in every and every agreement of determine whether or not it will be assignment and also license.
For the methods who you need to put a plenty of power on a new leading aspects of most of the metrics, an financial rewards for all the license because job nicely seem less attractive – royalties typically quantity from 2% to 10% of world revenue. The actual businessman would likely think: “Why should One give utility my dominance and take a slice of dessert when I can always everything?” As for this reason, inventors who really have your own strong business owner drive tend to choose to form a very business, manufacture, market in addition to product, a great course related with action that do requires much more finance assistance in comparison to what a licence.
You are inclined to usually need more resourcing if for you start your own undertaking and manufacturing and niche your arrival. Regarding financing your invention, capital certification typically calls for much not as much of than some alternative, formulating and discount invention by yourself. What typically is usually required is monetary gain to compose a magic size (or almost every other suitable offers to new licensees), in market a useful invention, and perhaps, to seek and compromise with capabilities licensees. From the encouraging side, the best favorable licensing agreement is likely to free ones inventor to allow them to continue his invention whilst still gaining from different very good idea. On the downside, a bad licensing endorsement may lead to permissible battles a lot more royalties. patent my idea
If hold other tasks doing, and as well , creating good invention is just your own way in order to really get an element for sale, then marketing / promoting and development can be the effectively choice at you. The same important item applies the actual event that you are located for each transaction, a person will do not fear the risk, someone love that will help innovate in trade, and moreover you end up with the constraint to treat for latest market share. Only if sort of of these above a fortune looks just like you, certification is virtually the true track for you.
– Pleasant for you to my website, on this time I am going to demonstrate in relation to schlafzimmer design betten
Why not consider graphic over? can be in which wonderful???. if you’re more dedicated so, I’l m demonstrate some photograph all over again beneath:
), click on save button to download these pictures to your personal computer. They are prepared for download, if you love and want to grab it, just click save logo on the article, and it’ll be instantly downloaded in your pc. At last if you desire to obtain unique and recent photo related to (50 Das Beste Von Schlafzimmer Design Betten
), please follow us on google plus or save the site, we attempt our best to present you regular update with all new and fresh shots. Hope you like staying right here. For many up-dates and recent information about (50 Das Beste Von Schlafzimmer Design Betten
) pics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to present you update periodically with fresh and new shots, enjoy your browsing, and find the ideal for you.
) published by at . Nowadays we’re delighted to announce that we have found an awfullyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, that is (50 Das Beste Von Schlafzimmer Design Betten
After you can make a trill with ah, try it with other vowels. It's much easier if every one of the vowels are a similar: e rre rre, i rri rri, o rro rro, u rru rru. Don't check out mixing them up until you feel you've got it down with many of the vowels individually.
Many thanks for sharing. We had a protracted discussion and investigate before we made the decision not to add fasttech on the listing. Why? First of all, they are clearly not specialized in Digital cigarette solutions only, and Next, the overall opinions on this seller varies substantially.
Fuggin Vapor has a big choice of e-juice and vape solutions readily available for low cost, which means you wouldn't have issues finding any vape product or service.
Aspect Vape was Launched in 2013 and it has a progressive retail in the electronic cigarette business. Thanks to their finest aid providers, they constantly give their shoppers to working experience the very best shopping knowledge feasible.
They've got a massive number of vape gear and provide really fair costs. You can even get free delivery on any purchase above 35 bucks.
Add some good e liquids to the combo and Apollo can make for an excellent vape shop For a lot of differing types of vaper.
Certain, I have even got a recording of "La Marseillaise" the place the singer utilizes an alveolar trill. I think it should surely be identified that it's used in singing to better venture the /r/ audio, considering the fact that almost any uvular or fricative can't be virtually too projected given that the alveolar trill can. -- ErikB 00:twenty, twelve September 2007 (UTC)
In lieu of naming one ideal vape shop, I have compiled this list that will help vapers obtain new additions to their favorite online vape retailers. However, this checklist primarily concentrates on hardware, for those who’re planning to get ejuice consider our Best eJuice Suppliers list.
The point is then to be able to do it reliably at any posture. That requires whole lot of coaching. I used to uncover "-ir" teams particularly challenging. Just after couple of weeks I could reliably trill my tongue at will for almost any length of time and I claimed achievements. So, it might certainly be completed, but it will require pretty an work. And if you don't realize success, there is no ought to despair - you can find wonderful number of Czech speakers who will't pronounce alveolar trill and use uvular/velar variants as an alternative. And I realize 1 acquaintance who tried using repeatedly to know good trill and unsuccessful anytime. I suppose It vape cave will likely be identical with all languages that use this hard to produce seem, so I do not Imagine a single will get noticed excessive devoid of it. 89.102.168.244 (communicate) 22:03, twenty December 2007 (UTC)
With price ranges to suit all budgets, we actually come to feel that Smokshop is definitely the primary spot for all your vaping requires. Our goods endure demanding assessments to make certain we offer the very best high-quality items. So if you are trying to find a collection of some the top electronic cigarette goods in britain, You then are in the ideal location.
I have asked A different individual now, a Polish linguist that's an Indo-Europeanist and also a Slavist. He confirms that the IP And that i are not deaf: He are unable to listen to any trilling component in the feminine speaker's realisation possibly, and also the male speaker's realisation is distinctly un-Czech.
These sweet e juice flavours will transport you suitable back again to your childhood and are available in a variety of nicotine strengths to really make it easy to search out the ideal match for you.
What I really like about MyVpro is that they provide spear elements for some atomizers. Another excuse I like this online retail outlet they offer clearance web page, exactly where you can get variety of vape products and solutions for reasonable.
Is there a suspected origin with the trill? It is Obviously an exceptionally elaborate seem for non-native speakers, especially for deeply rolled "r"s, which makes me ponder how/why historical cultures adopted the seem.
The pageant was held almost two months prior to when it was held in 2006, although the event had generally been staged between late May and early June since 2001. Miss Universe 2006 Zuleyka Rivera reigned for little more than ten months, one of the shortest in the history of the title. Contestants began to arrive in Mexico on 30 April 2007 and were to be involved in a number of appearances and events prior to the final competition.
This is the fourth time Mexico has been the host country and the second time Mexico City the host city of the Miss Universe pageant. Mexico first hosted the pageant in Acapulco in 1978. Miss Universe 1989 was then staged in Cancun and Miss Universe 1993 was held in Mexico City.
The pageant was co-hosted by Mario Lopez and Vanessa Minnillo, both first-time hosts of the Miss Universe pageant. Minnillo, an Entertainment Tonight correspondent and former Miss Teen USA 1998, previously hosted the Miss Teen USA 2004 pageant. Lopez hosted the Miss Teen USA 1998 pageant (won by Minnillo) and also co-hosted Miss Teen USA 2003.
As Zuleyka Rivera was crowning Riyo Mori with the official Mikimoto crown, it slipped from her grasp and nearly fell to the floor. Mori was able to catch the crown, which is made of diamonds and pearls and is valued at over $250,000.
Prior to the final telecast, all contestants competed in swimsuit and evening gown during the preliminary competition. They also participated in interviews with the judges.
During the final competition, the top fifteen contestants (based on their preliminary scores) competed in the swimsuit competition, and the top ten competed in evening gown. The final five contestants participated in a final round of on-stage interviews, before the runners-up were announced and the new Miss Universe named.
It’s time to get a new dose of demotivators that are funny, wild and weird! There are hundreds of such pictures in our archive of demoti...
There is a universal truth about cats: they can comfortably chill out and look like a boss pretty much anywhere. These are some very funny...
A motivational poster is a type of poster commonly designed for use in schools and offices. Motivational posters generally use a three-part ...
You ever look at one of these auto-correct screen caps, and ask yourself how anybody could be so ridiculously careless? iPhone users, ladies...
Yes, it's Friday! What happens after a long drunken night out on the town? Check out for yourself in 152 images after the jump. ...
Weird Stuff ( 1294 ) Creative ( 1283 ) Amazing ( 1238 ) Funny Pictures ( 1141 ) Paranormal ( 1044 ) Infographics ( 831 ) Design ( 824 ) Cool Video ( 803 ) Community and Lifestyle ( 640 ) Art ( 551 ) Illusions and Tricks ( 549 ) Animals ( 545 ) Celebrities ( 520 ) Funny Video ( 460 ) Travel ( 376 ) Cars and Vehicles ( 363 ) Babes ( 356 ) Festivals and Events ( 250 ) Buildings and Architecture ( 247 ) World Records ( 243 ) History ( 220 ) Weird Video ( 204 ) Movies ( 193 ) Technology ( 184 ) Entertainment ( 181 ) Fail Humor ( 179 ) Sports ( 177 ) Geeky ( 165 ) Photography ( 160 ) Food ( 159 ) Nature ( 157 ) Cosplay ( 147 ) Body Art ( 135 ) Sculptures ( 134 ) Gadgets ( 127 ) Tattoos ( 123 ) Ouch ( 117 ) Dogs ( 106 ) Music Video ( 106 ) Only in Japan ( 95 ) Painting ( 91 ) Cats ( 87 ) Celebs Then and Now ( 87 ) Fashion ( 85 ) Photoshop ( 84 ) Star Wars ( 82 ) Motivational ( 76 ) Demotivational ( 68 ) Vintage ( 67 ) Pranks ( 62 ) Hotel ( 61 ) Sexy ( 55 ) Memes ( 54 ) Demotivational Posters ( 51 ) Gross ( 49 ) Lego ( 49 ) Link Dump ( 47 ) Fails ( 45 ) Graffiti ( 45 ) Facebook ( 31 ) Mugshots ( 30 ) Funny Signs ( 29 ) Games ( 29 ) iPhone ( 28 ) Makeup ( 25 ) Body Transformations ( 24 ) Guinness World Records ( 24 ) Advertising ( 22 ) Gaming ( 22 ) Mods ( 20 ) Wedding Photography ( 20 ) Abandonments ( 18 ) Aging Timelines ( 14 ) Cheerleaders ( 14 ) Comic-Con ( 13 ) Hairstyles ( 13 ) Office Designs ( 13 ) Cakes ( 12 ) Guns ( 12 ) Dance ( 11 ) Oktoberfest ( 11 ) Prisons ( 11 ) Street Art ( 11 ) Weight Loss ( 11 ) iPhone 4S ( 11 ) Aerial Photography ( 10 ) Angry Birds ( 10 ) Extreme Sports ( 10 ) Lady Gaga ( 10 ) Military ( 10 ) Protest Signs ( 10 ) Titanic ( 10 ) Celebrity Mansions ( 9 ) Steve Jobs ( 9 ) Treehouses ( 9 ) Bikini ( 8 ) Flash Mob ( 7 ) Vending Machines ( 7 ) iPad ( 7 ) Logos ( 6 ) Miss Universe ( 6 ) Planking ( 6 ) Siri ( 6 ) Darth Vader ( 5 ) Fishing ( 5 ) Miss USA ( 4 ) Recipes ( 4 ) Roller Coasters ( 4 ) Steampunk ( 4 ) Aquariums ( 3 ) Arcade Games ( 3 ) Origami ( 3 ) Sand Sculptures ( 3 ) Star Trek ( 3 ) Swimsuit ( 3 ) Anorexia ( 2 ) Photo Manipulations ( 2 ) Piercings ( 2 )
Damyanti Biswas is an author, blogger, animal-lover, spiritualist. Her work is represented by Ed Wilson from the Johnson & Alcock agency. When not pottering about with her plants or her aquariums, you can find her nose deep in a book, or baking up a storm.
The A to Z April Blogging Challenge 2013 is galloping ahead, and I’m wiped out visiting all the blogs I possibly can. I’m co-hosting it on Amlokiblogs, so drop me a comment there if you have something to say about the challenge itself. On this blog, I’ll be featuring mostly indie-published book excerpts for all of April. I love reading, and supporting author-friends, and this is a good way to do both.
Today, for H, I give you a collection of short stories: Humans and Other Creatures by Megan Hamilton, edited by Shirlene Corcoran.
Elevator Pitch: Seven well-written and thoughtful short stories by Megan Hamilton– some from the perspective of ‘others’ rather than ‘humans’. They range from the whimsical to the poignant to the mildly philosophical. If there is an underlying theme to the tales, it is that life is both strange and varied, and yet forms a cohesive whole.
Bobby couldn’t remember feeling like this ever before – light and airy, no small aches and pains, in fact, nothing at all. It felt good actually, until he saw his body sprawled on the floor of the gym. Then, he noticed the blood, and realized that this was not good at all. He must be injured; the blood was still running from his head. He had to call for help, but there was no one around and he didn’t seem to be able to move very far from his body. He felt sure that this must mean that he was still alive. Weren’t you supposed to move into the light, or something, when you died?
I have confessed my love for short stories time and again on this blog. What do you like more, novels or short stories? Would you buy Hamilton’s collection?
A to Z challengebook excerptBooks on AmazonebooksFictiongenreMegan HamiltonShirlene Corcoranshort stories
I am a novel person and always shied away from short stories. I don’t think I’d written one since high school, back in the 60s! But, lately, since associating with a group of writers and taking regular classes, I’ve become intrigued and have been working more at, and reading more, short stories. Sometimes it feel like just another way to keep myself from finishing the novel–but most of the time I think it’s expanding my view, overall, and good for the craft in general. Thanks for sharing others’ work; it’s much appreciated!
I am intrigued that the title of the story is Movin’ On, and what kind of dimension he is moving on to!
I love short stories and novels, but I’ll admit, I enjoy writing short stories more. There’s something about writing a story less than 5,000 words, while still providing all elements of fiction.
I’m working on an anthology myself. And yes, I would buy Hamilton’s collection. It sounds interesting 🙂
Not yet read this book. Overall I enjoy both – novels and short stories as long as they keep my attention.
Thank you for following my blog! I hope you will enjoy my future posts. You have a lovely blog yourself as well!
Personally I prefer novels, especially really long ones. I like to really emerse myself into the story. I think that is the reason I have never really gotten into writing short stories myself. I began with poetry and then I jumped to novels…
Hey Damyanti, thanks for the visit and follow over at http://caribbeanbusinesstraveler.wordpress.com/. Was looking at your blog and I think it is really awesome of you to help spread the word about indie published literature, I happen to be friends with several writers so I’ve gotten to understand the challenges of getting your work out there (doubly hard when you’re from a small island!). I’ll definitely be sticking around for more and to support these authors.
Lastly, I can’t choose which I love more – novels or short stories, your question has me thoroughly stumped!
Although I mostly read novels,I like reading short stories every once in a while.I think I’ll check this one out!:)
I participated in A – Z last April. I got some really good posts out of it, a few new readers, but it wiped me out. I’m more of a post-a-week kind of blogger. Good luck!
I love short stories – writing and reading them! The collection sounds intriguing – I’ve written several stories where my narrator was an “other” be it a dog, cat, even a dolphin. It’s even more of a challenge to have an animal POV without the reader realizing it until the end!
I really appreciate short stories…you have to get right to it; sometimes all that space in a novel means you waste too much energy filling the void, when you could be telling stories!
I think I need to jump into short stories again. I haven’t read them since I was in college but they might get me reading more.
I’ll have to check this book out. I recently published a short story collection on Kindle, knowing I was one of the very few still writing short stories. So thanks for the recommendation!
Daily (w)rite archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008
Daily (w)rite Categories Select Category American elections (2) art (3) articles (2) atozchallenge (113) blog (199) Blog Fest (101) Rule of Three (6) We are the World (13) Write Tribe (1) blogging (269) books (101) book advertising (3) Chick-lit (5) CCC Press (1) color (2) creative writing (1) creativity (38) compassion (30) Project Why (28) critique partner (1) dad (3) daily writing (7) death (11) decisions (1) dictaphone (1) Donatella Versace (5) drabble (2) dream (9) dreams (7) e-book (13) edit (1) Fiction (74) literary fiction (13) Film (1) FIsh (14) flash fiction (25) food (2) friends (5) Friendship (2) google (2) guest post (70) literary agent (1) ideas (14) India (6) Interview (25) Italian (4) IWSG (4) journal (7) Kuching (9) life (20) love (9) Love and Lust in Singapore (1) Malaysia (21) Meme (1) muse (2) Nanowrimo (3) nostalgia (4) notebook (1) novel (13) old age (1) pain (12) pet (5) philosophy (8) photography (7) Plagiarist Alok Gogoi (1) poetry (18) post (5) Publishers (5) Publishing (1) rain (4) reading (52) review (5) river (12) Sarawak (11) scar (2) short story (5) Sinagpore (3) Singapore (14) smile (1) social media (9) Social media (5) News (3) song (2) story (5) suffering (34) thoughts (90) tips (2) Tokyo (8) Japan (7) Japanese (3) translation (1) travel (26) Italy (1) Thailand (3) truth (19) realization (1) Uncategorized (684) Versace (4) view (1) We are the World (7) wine (1) winning (4) write (38) writer (124) writer’s block (29) writing (582) Character (27) writing advice (51) writing buddy (6) writing ideas (117) writing practice (57) writing prompt (85) Picture prompts (21)
DanaGames.com The best free online games for girls . we update regulary with the best free girl games .
Aurale Begegnungen der Besonderen Art. Das Ensamble von Anima Legato. contributor: Gaude Hiller(keyboards), Witte XP (co-produktion)
top interior design firms los angeles top hospitality interior design firms in lovely inspirational interior design schools top hospitality interior design firms in los angeles.
top interior design firms the renowned located in is regarded by 10 los angeles commercial hospitality,top hospitality interior design firms in los angeles 10 commercial colleges,top 10 interior design firms in los angeles architecture hospitality commercial,top interior designers home design photo gallery commercial firms los angeles 10 in hospitality,top hospitality interior design firms in los angeles residential r decorating ideas commercial 10,top commercial interior design firms los angeles hospitality in photos 10,top 10 interior design firms in los angeles commercial companies hospitality,top 10 interior design firms in los angeles commercial modern pin by on a hospitality,top commercial interior design firms los angeles result luxury 10 in hospitality,top commercial interior design firms los angeles hiring an designer hospitality in 10.
Also, we retain sharing our sights and relevant recommendations to produce the Android app development system a big journey in the whole process of accomplishing results for your online business. We don’t believe in offering the mobile apps to our consumers, but Each individual of our high quality laden apps is a successful solution available in the market. We have been Adaptable
Certainly. We have expertise in producing a useful scope here on your task. We also offer a technological breakdown, in case you are interested With this element of the application development.
Wanting to know how to produce an Android application for your small business? ITZ may help you look for a responsible Android app development company to make, layout, check, and launch your Android application.
These are definitely World-wide-web apps too which might be manufactured utilizing the Android OS and utilized for the proliferation of company. You might execute on-line World-wide-web transactions with the help of click here such Net application. We are skilled in these providers. We can make your small business develop.
ITZ Total Solutions is a 100% Mobile and Web Application Development Company, but comes to you with invaluable valued technology. At ITZ Total Solutions, quality is one of the biggest measurements when delivering the solutions for any of our services.
98 A S Boots Women's S 98 Boots A 98 A Women's Boots Women's S A Ugx7q5wxSBooties Women's Chunky High Red Short Pointy Aisun Sexy Heels Toe 8vUBfqq
The Samsung E790 is a lightweight clamshell phone weighing just 82 grams that comes with a 176x220 pixel display, a 2 megapixel camera ...
This article has been written and submitted by Cataphract. For the purpose of this interview, the interviewer will be in bold while the interviewee will remain normal.
Welcome back to the Community Spotlight series, where we examine notable members of the community who have made a significant impact upon the website. Today's guest is a new-but-old member known as Bassi who you may know from the campaign section on the blacksmith where he has netted three 4.8 reviews and most recently a 5.0 review from yours truly. This designer is a veteran of the German AoC website AgeArena, dating his career back to 2003. However he has only registered in 2017 here on AoKH and its high time the community learn more about this excellent designer. I had a chance to catch up with him over the week and make some inquiries into his design career. Lets get things started!
Hello Cata! I am fine and I am very happy that the "Community Spotlight" is being revived. I have always enjoyed reading and learning more about other designers and I am pleased that you have chosen me to answer a few questions about myself and my work.
Over the last year you have released a long list of top notch materiel that has established you as a major player in the english-speaking design community. AoKH forummers may potentially mistake you for a newcomer, but you have been designing for many years over on AgeArena. Who are you and where do you hail from?
In regards to AoK Heaven, that's true. Here I am a "freshman" indeed, because I did not register in the forum until 2017. But in said year I just had to, since I wanted to participate in the Historic Design Contest. That was a good decision, after all, since I won the competition. Hahaha! But I have followed the events here for a very long time. At least since 2005. My actual custom design "career" began two years earlier: In 2003, I started releasing my first campaigns and scenarios. I was still a young teenager back then, so all my scenarios were in German (my mother tongue, I'm from northern Germany, today I live in Berlin).
Tell me about your introduction to AoC. Many like myself were introduced to the game by a father or other family member. It seems likely that you developed a stronger interest in the game by developing friends at AgeArena as well.
I come from a very media-critical family. My parents did not let me and my siblings watch a lot of TV and did not want us to spend much time playing computer games. Instead, I read a lot, I even developed a great ambition to read as much as possible, and I otherwise played with classic toys, hardly any computer or console games. Today I am very grateful for that, as it has greatly promoted my imagination and creativity. Both are resources that are very important when designing campaigns in my opinion. I came into contact with the Age of Empires series when I was 10 or 11 years old. My brother and I loved to play "The Settlers II: Veni, Vidi, Vici" at that time. We did not play much on the computer, as I said, and rather spent our days on the football field, but if we did, it was strategy games. Other genres did not really interest us anyway.
One day, my brother brought a copy of Age of Kings home, he had borrowed the game from a classmate. I was blown away immediately. It was love at first sight. Unfortunately, we only had the game on loan, so we had to return it after some weeks. That was quite a bummer. But then my brother got the game a little later for his birthday. One summer later, we bought the add-on "The Conquerors" immediately (upon the day it was released in Germany). Well, "we" means my brother bought it. And I spent a good amount of time watching and him play random maps. Of course I did not hesitate to comment his strategies with all wisdom an 11 year old has. While my brother enjoyed playing the different game modes, I was fascinated by the campaigns. But even then, the scenario editor had an even greater appeal for me, the actual game much less. That has not changed until today. When I was about 14 years old, a German computer game magazine published a special issue, which was accompanied by a DVD featuring mods for all sorts of games. There were also a lot of custom campaigns for AoC included. Many were junk, but some were just fine and some even excellent. In the aftermath text of one of the better scenarios, a link to the AgeAreana was inserted. And so everything started rolling for me. The German Age of Empires scene was quite huge at that time, yet very familiar. It was ideal conditions to familiarize yourself with the possibilities of the game. Simultaneously with me, many other young designers started to engage with the editor and so we learned together how to design reasonably usable campaigns (from today's point of view, they are not very good of course, but we all start somewhere). In the end, we were a bunch of teenagers, "looked after" by experienced and award-winning designers like Andreas Marscheider (aMa), who was the founder and main admin of the AgeArena at that time.
What scenarios over the years have inspired you the most, or had a formative effect on your growth as a designer?
For me it was scenarios from the German scene that influenced me the most: aMa's "Geachtet", David Laeske's "Hernan Cortez", Gunter Zengerle's ''Carthago'' and ''Nibelungen'', and everything released by Andi Wagner. When it comes to AoKH, the ones that had a huge impact on me are the following; Stoker's Tamerlane, Ingo van Thiel's "The Quest", "The King's Best Men", "Gyda's Challenge" and of course "Ulio" which I would say is the best campaign ever done for the original game. Lord Basse is another designer I have to mention, and though his scenarios did not influence my own work, I enjoyed a lot of his scenarios very, very much. Same goes for most scenarios by Mash. So, if I'd be forced to live on an island and were allowed to take only three campaigns with me, it would be "Ulio", "Tamerlane" and "Relics of Athalen".
You have had quite a productive career with consistent releases over a decade and a half. What can you tell me about this experience, and your perspective on your journey with AoC over this long time?
When it comes to my design career, I would divide it into two phases. The first phase covers the years 2003-2016, the Arena Years. Since 2016 I design for AoE 2 HD only, let's call it the Steam Years. The Arena Years were altogether much more familiar. A committed community, very friendly contacts. There may have been a bit of argument two or three times in the forum over all those years, but otherwise it was a completely harmonious parallel world. The AgeArena was just a place to feel at home. After a while I was one of the better designers; in the years 2007 and 2009 I won the Game of the Year award of the German AoC Community. But I certainly did not count myself among the best. Gunter Zengerle was still active at that time, certainly one of the most gifted designers. And there was Andi Wagner, who set new standards in storytelling. These were definitely two designers I looked up to. I myself have always been fixated on the Build & Destroy genre, but I have always admired other designers for their ability to combine good storytelling with engaging game design. This is a high art that, not mastered by many. As already mentioned, I switched to the HD version in 2016 and have therefore mainly published via the steam workshop. The opportunities offered by the new DLCs have moved me to this step. Since then, my output has increased significantly. That was not a deliberate decision, it just happened after my scenarios suddenly received much more attention. You reach way more people if you publish on steam, which is clearly reflected in the downloads. But it lacks the close community feeling. That's the downside.
During 2017 you went on an unprecedented mapping rampage, releasing four full size campaigns with half a dozen single scenario releases sprinkled in. I can attest to the high quality of every entry, which is remarkable in of itself; both quantity and quality. Your interest in designing seems to have been brought to life by the feedback and acclaim you received on the steam workshop. Can anything stop the Bassi Machine now?
As mentioned, I did not plan to create so many scenarios at all. That just happened somehow and the reasons are manifold, sometimes completely banal. For example, I only designed the first scenario of the "Kings of Destruction" campaign because I wanted to use all the new terrain textures that were available since the "African Kingdoms" DLC. With these textures steppe landscapes could be designed way more effectively than before, and that's what I wanted to try. Meanwhile, the Indian civ got their own building design and I thought it was quite pretty, so I wanted to work with it. So it came to the second scenario in which the Indians appear as opponents. Then the DLC "Rise of the Rajas" was released and suddenly there were all these great rainforest textures. That's why I wanted to try jungle scenarios - and all of sudden it was a whole series. It just happened because while working on a scenario, there were always new ideas for more scenarios. But I do not think I'll design as many campaigns as I did in 2017 in the near future. I'm working on a new scenario series though and I think it will be my best work so far. But at the moment I have definitively other obligations.
Ive been quite impressed with your work ethic. Many times I saw you in-game on steam before I jumped into the editor for a design session until I became tired and called it quits for the day, yet you were still plugging away for hours after! What is your motivating factor?
The impression may be deceptive. Often AoE 2 HD runs only in the background and is minimized, while I do something totally different. Nevertheless, you will then be still displayed as "ingame". But I have a fairly high work ethic, I can not deny that. Often long sessions happen when I design the landscape of the map I'm working on. This is mainly because I do not appreciate that part of the design process. I always just want to get over with that, so that I can implement the actual ideas, for which the designed landscape is just the frame. The trigger and AI work is much, much more fun for me. I think for most designers it's the other way around ... I also enjoy the research before the actual design work very much. Most of my scenarios deal with real historical events. It's fun to read about those in advance and then to think about if that or that historic event could make a good campaign, like: How can I implement this as an enjoyable and playable scenario? What events do I have to omit because they can not be carried out with the means of the game? Where do I have to move away from the actual course of events? I think that's what motivates me: making history playable. To inspire others for something that fascinated me so much, that it tickled my fancy. And if that works and players from all over the world tell you how much they enjoy your campaigns, it motivates you all the more. I get feedback from all around the globe, that's just great!
SSF - Small, simple, fun. It makes absolutely no sense to draft a huge, epic campaign as your debut. Even Ingo van Thiel released "The Quest" before putting more wood on the fire by designing the epic "The King's Best Men" campaign. When a new, inexperienced designer tells you something about the massive "Sandbox Open World" he's planning to work on, you already know that said map will never ever see the light of day. I therefore recommend working on small maps and designing a manageable story. What I always find quite remarkable is that above all many newcomers are very fixated on the RPG genre. But Age of Empires is not RPG-themed and you have to be a very good storyteller to make a roleplay scenario entertaining enough. The probability is almost 100 percent that you will be overchallenged with such a project, simply because of the lack of experience. The possibilities the editor offers are limited and when you're a newbie it's complete madness to design something like that. So try to design a rather classic scenario, maybe with a little twist. And then you will soon be able to answer the following questions: Do I even have the patience that is required? Can I handle frustration? If so: good! Maybe you can already aim for a bigger project next time then. Sometimes I talk to people who claim they would like to design scenarios "like you, bro!!1 XD", but I often realize that many are not interested in the actual art, but only in the status they hope for. If it's only all about having the best possible download rates, that's not a good motivation either. And it will never lead to success anyway.
Some may be quite surprised to hear you do not enjoy map design, despite your enormous mapping talent! Personally that is the most enjoyable part by far, and in order to make progress in my scenarios I forbid myself when indulging in it until the game is mostly finished. What would you say is the most challenging or difficult part of scenario design for you?
I find designing scenario landscapes monotonous and rather exhausting. It used to be more fun for me, but at some point you develop a fairly strong routine. And then it gets boring. But that's not so bad. I nowadays just enjoy working on the triggers and scripting the AIs much more, also because I got much better in both of that fields, since I learned a lot in the last two years. In the past, especially my AIs were very amateurish. It took a while for me to understand that AI writing is not rocket science. When you're testing your own AI and it acts reasonably in trial run - that's quite satisfying. Seeing the in-game results, and then you gradually improve the script step by step - that's a lot of fun. Much more exciting than designing landscapes. Still - I am far from being an AI expert. But that's a good thing, so there is still something to learn and a field in which to improve.
You once established claim to the title "Best Mapper in the World". To some this may seem an arrogant and presumptuous notion, but I found the idea of striving to live up to such a title an ennobling concept. By striving to maintain such an ideal, you put yourself in a position of needing to deliver spectacular works, which could serve as a driving force for excellence. Have you moved on from this claim, or is this something you dream of achieving on AoKH? I could name some strong competitors to be overcome in order to establish legitimacy to this title...
Hahaha, alas, that's just a form of primeval German megalomania, I'd say! But seriously, it was just a stupid joke years ago to make a splash in the AgeArena forum. That was never meant seriously. I have never really considered myself one of the best mapdesigners and I do not do that today. There are much better ones. Look, I've never been ahead of the time. But the really outstanding designers were. Especially of course Ingo, whom I consider the best ever, followed by Lord Basse (at least since the release of "Relics of Athalen"). But at the end of the day, it's not important at all to be the best or one of the best. That's childish nonsense. The fun must be in the foreground and the desire to deliver good work. But mild competition has to be - of course! That's "the salt in the soup", as we Germans say (meaning ~ "that's what gives it that extra something").
The competition between peers for success can be highly beneficial for all parties involved - I would point out the friendly rivalries in the PTC giving us many awesome scenarios over the years!
The majority of your maps seem to be set in the jungle. Does this come from some inspiration that struck you as a child, and that has stuck with you till now?
It is tragic that there is hardly any written legacy of indigenous American peoples. But for a scenario designer, on the other hand, it's a goldmine. You can develop much more imaginative stories, since you hardly have to stick to historical facts, since hardly any are handed down. That's why I enjoy designing scenarios for a pre-Columbian setting. I like the adventurous and mysterious feeling those scenarios have. It reminds me of the great atmosphere of Age of Empires 1. The conquest of the "New World" is an exciting topic as well, yet a very tragic event. Still the conquistador is certainly one of my favorite units and it works best in an American setting. I guess from these aspects my preference for this geographical area arises. I think the fact that I pay little attention to Europe has to do with the fact that I am European myself. It is much more exciting for me to immerse myself in the history of other continents than to stay in my own cultural space.
You are said to be a prolific reader of history books. What are you reading now, and what are some of your favorites? You once suggested I read "Vanished Kingdoms" which turned out to be an enjoyable title, which looked at some kingdoms which didn't manage to create modern nation states like France or Castille did.
If I ever start my own professional game design studio, I should call it "Vanished Kingdoms", but somehow that sounds familiar, no clue what it reminds me of ... I must have ... forgotten. Currently I am reading Marozzi, Justin: "Tamerlane - The Sword of Islam, Conqueror of the World". A very interesting and, above all, entertaining book. I would recommend it to anyone who, like me, is fascinated by the Mongols and their successor states. Shortly before, I also read an exciting book about the Golden Horde by a Russian historian named Fedorow-Davydow. The structure of the book is completely chaotic, but that made this gem even more lovable. The author I most appreciate is a German publicist named Sebastian Haffner, who was not only a brilliant mind but also an outstanding writer. He has written little about the Middle Ages though, but if you are interested in modern history as well and if you want to learn something especially about German history, read a book by Sebastian Haffner and you surely have come to the right place. I can wholeheartedly recommend everything he has written.
Tell me about some of your favorite foods. Perhaps pork knuckle and sauerkraut with a beer after? Or did you burst into laughter upon hearing a such a cliche suggestion? ;-)
Haha, actually sauerkraut is one of my favorites, not kidding! I like how putting sauerkraut on a hot dog seems to be a thing in the US. I saw that when visiting Washington DC and NYC - and what can I say? It's indeed a great combination. Besides that, I enjoy all kind of foods, but when it comes to dinner I'm not very exotic. I quite like traditional German meals. When it comes to beer we have a high standard in Germany, but it's a bit boring since they all taste quite good, but often very, very similar. Incidentally, American beer is better than its reputation. I even found the Pabst Blue Ribbon quite drinkable.
Now that I think of it, sauerkraut is actually incredibly widespread here being a staple restaurant sidedish. Never tried it myself.
Thanks again for agreeing to the interview! You have been a great guest and given some very interesting material to think about with your insights from a German designers perspective.
A huge thanks goes to Cataphract for taking the initiative to organise and submit this article. This is a well-written and enjoyable read.
Thanks Mash Most of the credit has to go to Bassi, though, for giving highly entertaining answers It was a fun discussion for me as well.
"Excellent could be any map that has the quality of a ES random map or ES scenario. AoK is an excellent, award winning game. That's where I'd start." -AnastasiaKafka
"Hard work is evil. Bitmaps are stupid. Working on a scenario for more than one afternoon is stupid. Triggers are stupid. Testing your own scenario is stupid. The world is stupid. You are the Greatest." -Ingo Van Thiel
When a new, inexperienced designer tells you something about the massive "Sandbox Open World" he's planning to work on, you already know that said map will never ever see the light of day. I therefore recommend working on small maps and designing a manageable story. What I always find quite remarkable is that above all many newcomers are very fixated on the RPG genre. But Age of Empires is not RPG-themed and you have to be a very good storyteller to make a roleplay scenario entertaining enough. The probability is almost 100 percent that you will be overchallenged with such a project, simply because of the lack of experience. The possibilities the editor offers are limited and when you're a newbie it's complete madness to design something like that.
Challenge accepted. No really, I fully intend to finish my ambitious RPG project. I'm used to overchallenge as most of my intelligence is experiential. Also, patience is key.
Nice read, interesting to see how designers evolved and it makes me go back to the drawing board and plan my designs better
Good luck then! Please do not take any of my comments from the interview personally. I do not want to discourage anyone working on his ambitious project, I just wanted to suggest that it must not always be a super epic scenario as a debut.
undercabinet microwave wood wall mounted storage under cabinet painted with white interior color plus false exposed stone brick and kitchen recipe book dimensions.
undercabinet microwave under cabinet dimensions attractive breathtaking decorating ideas inside 9 interior and home installation.
undercabinet microwave under cabinet microwaves attractive profile series 1 cu ft oven regarding 7 shelf.
undercabinet microwave under cabinet microwaves incredible the home design ideas install with 5 universal mounting kit.
undercabinet microwave ovens genius prestige plus over the range oven kitchen remodel by satori under cabinet shelves.
undercabinet microwave oven under cabinet ovens club with plans 3 stunning counter regarding installation instructions.
undercabinet microwave decoration under cabinet hang architecture within shelf prepare convection oven.
undercabinet microwave kitchen range hood or over the for venting homeowner in cabinet installation.
undercabinet microwave small under cabinet mount with modern kitchen canister sets contemporary and dark wood cabinets narrow lg micro.
What came after the Jaguar was the PS1 which for all it's greatness, ushered in corporate development and with it the bleached, repetitive, bland titles which for the most part we're still playing today. - David Wightman
Platform calibration will help ensure that objects adhere well to the platform and the object will no be deformed or slanted during print. It's not necessary for calibrating the platform every time. Platform calibration process only perform after moving the printer to other location or after changing the extruder
Inno3D Printer (M1 / D1) utilizes our automatic platform calibration technology. It's a very complicated and precise process, the print platform tolerant is around 0.05mm during calibration. If "Fail" message is displayed after platform calibration, please try to perform the platform calibration again, and ensure the nozzle touch the print platform with "Touch" message in LCD display by turning the knob at the top left Z-Axis (anti-clockwise a little bit more , around 1-2 degree more after "Touch" message is shown on LCD display.
InnoVISION Multimedia Limited is a pioneering developer and manufacturer of a diverse range of cutting-edge multimedia PC hardware products established in 1998 Hong Kong. Our manufacturing operations have been set up since 1990 in Shenzhen, China. In this short period of time we focus on manufacturing OEM/ODM products as well as contracting out extensive production and research facilities to specialist companies. We have accomplished international recognition by PC?�s top reviewers as becoming an outstanding success and one of the most fast growing companies in Asia.
As a wise ambassador once said, there are three sides to every story. Your side, his side, and the truth. This blog is dedicated to always showing you the third edge of the sword.
As usual, we celebrate turkey day in Canada by scoffing at pro-Injun activists and their baseless attacks on Chris Columbus, the man who made our modern world the wonder it was (and could be again).
For a future series, the 14-year-old girl police say was forcibly abducted in Edmonton's name is Naomi Toppin.
Akbar said the suspect and teen were both co-operating with police. The suspect’s name was not released after the arrest was made, but earlier on Friday, police identified the suspect as Jacques Sennesael.
An Amber Alert that had been issued was lifted after Edmonton police said the 14-year-old girl, whom they initially alleged was the victim of a “forcible abduction” on Friday afternoon, had been found safe.
Jacques Sennesael, even if later found to be innocent, will continue to have his name tied with this story in the etherwebs until the day civilization falls.
Naomi Toppin's name, on the other hand, will not. And I'm developing a keen awareness (especially in the ages of #MeToo and the Kavanaugh Witch Hunts) that the names of kids in Amber Alerts need to be saved for posterity since there's a good chance Naomi's name will come across our attention here at Third Edge of the Sword World Headquarters in North Bethesda, Maryland.
1:10pm: Coming up, the Chicago Cubs take on the St. Louis Cardinals in the final regular season game of 2018. The Cubs are already in the "playoffs" but with the two wildcard format there's a huge difference between a wildcard spot and a pennant. This morning for the first time since July the Cubs weren't first place in the NL Central (or NL in general for that matter), as the Cardinals kept their season alive (at least until the Dodgers won) and the Brewers beat down the hapless Tigers in Saturday action. Now the Cubbies are on the ropes again and much like the Eskimos their incredible offensive talents have dried up entirely in the month of September.
1:17pm: Speaking of which, wasn't yesterday one of the worst sports days in ages? The Cubs lost, the Brewers won, and the Eskimos were humiliated against the Blue Bombers. The only bright spot was the Oilers beating the Flames in preseason action, and that doesn't even count really because it's preseason action and preseason results don't correlate at all with regular season performance in the NHL. I guess Kevin Koe's win yesterday is the closest we can come to good news yesterday.
1:20pm: Not an auspicious start for the day, the Roughriders are beating the Alouettes. Meanwhile the Tigers just left men on base. A Brewers loss and Chicago win will give the Cubs the pennant. Flaherty vs Montgomery are your pitchers for today.
1:22pm:Carpenter is up to bat first and hits a double to kick things off. A 'slight mist' in Chicago today, which beats Edmonton which just broke 0C.
1:23pm: Great bunt attempt that fortunately does result in the first out, even though Carpenter now is on third.
1:29pm: 2-0 Cardinals after an error in centre-field. I guess at least it avoids another hit against Montgomery.
1:39pm: The NBC Sports crew is discussing the pitcher management: right now Milwaukee is winning 2-0 and the Cubs are losing 2-0. Do you bring out your relievers early? My instincts say no but then again I'm not a big league manager. I'd hate to see the Cubs wear out their bullpen tonight just to win a game that might leave them tied with Milwaukee and having to play tomorrow as well.
1:40pm: After a wild pitch by Flaherty the question is flipped for the Cards: how much work do you put into winning the game? Do you throw out your pitcher's arms for a meaningless game?
1:41pm: Baez dumbly tries to run for home and is tagged out at the plate. Inning over, still 2-0 Cardinals.
1:43pm: Cardinals don't challenge this play with Munoz being called out even though it's likely he was safe. Hopefully that comes back to bite them.
1:45pm: Cubs do not look to have any fire in them so far today. Montgomery isn't pitching like the season depends on it for sure.
1:49pm: That ump does have a great Strike Three call! Carpenter struck out and the Cardinals held scoreless in the top of the 2nd. 2-0 Cardinals remains the score.
2:01pm: DeJong also looked confident hitting a ball to the ivy for a double. Montgomery is done for the day.
2:04pm: O'Neill at bat, Webster is now the pitcher. Sometimes a pitching change can really change the tenor of the match. This is not feeling like one of those changes
2:05pm: Webster does start off with a strikeout, which is sort of the best possible thing a pitcher can do, so maybe I was being a little pessimistic.
2:11pm: NBC is talking about the silver lining: if the Cubs and Brewers do play tomorrow, there's a chance the Rockies and Dodgers will be doing the same. And then whichever NL Central team ends up the wildcard will host the team that has to fly out from LA the previous night.
2:16pm: So it's time to discuss the question at the top of the post: is the recent (unfounded) allegations by Russel's ex-wife timed specifically to harm Russell and his team? It smells a lot like the Brett Kavanaugh affair: allegations that don't seem to match the facts on the ground (read: the bitch is probably lying) and released just in time to cause maximum disruption. You can read the slut's attempt at fiction here. The funny thing is both USA Today and mlbtraderumors.com describe her allegations as "detailed" when they cannot be possibly described as such. There was no detail, there was if anything less detail than Ford's lying story about Kavanaugh who apparently did something to her somewhere at some time in the 80s. Here we have:
This is our 'detailed history' that has cost the Cubs one of their key players until at minimum the postseason. If the Cubs are playing baseball next weekend and Russell is still on administrative leave, their chances of winning the NLCS is in jeopardy. If the Cubs aren't playing baseball next weekend the question will become whether the punishment fits the 'crime'. Even if Russell is found guilty in court years from now, will it be fair to punish him at this early stage in the investigation? If Russell is found not guilty or indeed never goes to trial, how the hell can the MLB justify costing him and his employer the benefit of his circumstances?
2:17pm: Zobrist has looked awkward all day in everything he does. Jesus Ben, is your wife going to make outrageous claims on Instagram next?
2:18pm: Zobrist still looked awkward on that triple. On the other hand, it was a triple. 2-1 Cardinals.
2:19pm: The crowd sounds alive for the first time since that original Carpenter at-bat. A wild pitch allows Zobrist to slide into home easily and it's now a 2-2 tie!
2:22pm: Fortunately Flaherty is having a worse one and walks him. Cardinals have relievers warming up. I guess this is the last game of their season so why not exercise the whole bullpen and give their fans the thrill of possibly watching them torpedo their rivals from Chicago?
2:23pm: Keep Baez honest by throwing to Carpenter? Sure...but Baez hadn't even taken an inch off the bag and didn't appear that keen to do so. The crowd groans and laughs.
2:34pm: Schwarber ends his second consecutive inning but the damage is done. 4-2 Cubs remains your score.
2:38pm: Munoz hits a foul ball to the right hand side which ends up caught by a Cardinals fan, appropriately enough.
2:42pm: Garcia is out with a swing so wild that he puts into such a show that the umpire doesn't bother with his own theatrics. Cardinals held scoreless three innings in a row now. 4-2 Cubs but the Brewers are also winning their game 3-0.
2:50pm: Dodgers winning 14-0 in the fifth inning. Wasn't there a Cleveland Indians game like that just a couple weeks ago?
3:01pm: Mills strikes out Tyler O'Neill. 4-2 Cubs. Meanwhile the Dodgers (14-0 lead) and the Rockies (7-0 lead) are definitely poised to face off tomorrow which may make facing off against Milwaukee tomorrow easier to swallow.
3:06pm: Cubs offense is starting to look dangerous again. Rizzou's double puts two Cubs in scoring position with no outs.
3:11pm: Conteras home run! He and Bryant both come home on that play and now it's 8-2 Cubs with two outs in the bottom of the 5th.
3:12pm: I thought that was iffy. The umpires are conferring now but it appears this home run will be called back.
3:13pm: Umpires seem to think they won't review without a challenge, and the home run stands. 0-2 count to Mills. If the inning continues after this batter the Cubs own this game.
3:23pm: Mills' control seem suspect now, 1-2 count turns into a walk. Runners on first and second with no outs.
3:24pm: Mills is done for the day. This IBM commercial Sportsnet keeps playing is getting more and more annoying.
3:25pm: Carl Edwards Jr, whose name on the scoreboard was a big part of the earlier home run drama, is now your pitcher for the Cubs. Mills still owns the baserunners obviously.
3:27pm: Another wild pitch, this one moves the baserunners to second and third. This kills any chance of a strikeout followed by a double play. Not good.
3:28pm: Indeed a Munoz hit scores two runs. Bad play there, should have stuck with Mills to my armchair quarterback eye. Score is now 8-4 Chicago Cubs. Brewers are winning 4-0 so Cubs need to keep pace.
3:30pm: A classic double play by the Cubs there hopefully stalls any offensive push by the Cardinals.
3:34pm: It's embarrassing to say this but I just realized the Brewers-Tigers game is interleague. That's weird as the final series of the season, isn't it? Oh, and Carl Edwards Jr. is done for the day as well. Looks like Maddon had very very little faith in him.
3:37pm: Rosario really tried to sell that pitch as a strike in his "inning is over isn't it" strut. Nice try, but you aren't winning an Oscar for that performance (also: the Oscar winner will be a shitty actor who speaks out against God-Emperor Donald Trump).
3:39pm: That pitch is more legit, and Carpenter is out. 8-4 Cubs going into the bottom of the sixth inning.
3:47pm: Milwaukee now leading 8-0. Cubs fans seem awfully nervous and quiet with a 4-run lead in the sixth inning, don't they? I don't blame them.
3:50pm: Dakota Fanning Hudson is on the mound for St. Louis. The Cubs should score 30 runs against this guy, Kris Bryant being the first candidate.
3:52pm: Carpenter with a bad throw to first, Hudson couldn't do anything with it and Bryant is safe on first. Oh, yeah, and Baez runs home on the play. 9-4 Cubs.
3:54pm: Heyward is overdue for an offensive output. A 2-1 count with 2 outs and runners on the corners should help with that.
3:55pm: Heyward draws a walk to load the bases. Has Almora Jr. ever hit a grand slam? With only 5HR on the season I'm guessing no.
3:56pm: Almora's broken bat hit is badly fielded by Wisdom and a run scores and the bases remain loaded. 10-4 Cubs.
4:04pm: Martinez with a hit to the wall but only a single. Good old Wrigley. I think Telus Field is bigger.
4:06pm: Surprisingly this is only my second beer of the game: it's a "Honey Cream Ale" called "Switch Point" from Siding 14 in Ponoka. It's not bad.
4:09pm: O'Neill hits a single, so runners on first and second. That double play is still an option, guys. Hint hint hint...
4:12pm: With Milwaukee running away with their game (10-0, top of the 8th) this six run game looks scary. Fortunately Kintzer strikes out Wisdom to make it a little less scary.
4:13pm: See? Still scary though. Baez's throw isn't fast enough and Bader loads the bases with two outs. Pitching change coming up.
4:17pm: Cishek is trying that weird side throwing nonsense. It's the 162nd game of the year, you can't afford to be cute and let a guy get up 3-1 on you.
4:19pm: Sure thing, hit the batter and let them score. No biggie, just the season on the line. 10-5 Cubs
4:21pm: STRIKEOUT! Imagine how awesome that would have been without allowing the run? The ground crew is doing the traditional "last" seventh inning stretch. Who will do it tomorrow?
4:22pm: Shouldn't baseball be adding more stretches with recent research indicating you shouldn't sit for more than an hour at a time?
4:30pm: Milwaukee won their game 11-0. If the Cubs lose this afternoon it will be the second worst loss Detroit has in September while giving the other team the pennant. Cubs go 1-2-3 in the bottom of the 7th, still 10-5 Cubs.
4:39pm: With (hopefully) only one full inning left to go, Martinez keeps the 8th alive after a hit to second base that Baez just can't play properly.
4:45pm: Still scary! But a hit to deep right is caught by Heyward and it's now 10-5 Cubs going into the Bottom of the 8th.
4:58pm: Neat. Cubs have the first pitch of 2018 and the last pitch of 2018 (excepting tomorrow's 162nd game).
5:01pm: Bader's wild swing leaves the Cubs one more out away. Everybody put your caps on inside out!
5:05pm: Is Bill Murray in the crowd? I think I saw that guy from whatever show that was, he badmouthed Edmonton on Jimmy Kimmel.
5:10pm: So the Cubs went into this game with big questions about their offense. I think those questions are still mostly valid, but at least a taste of what this team can do. It's also useful that the Cubs went through 9 pitchers today but none really had a long outing, and the heart of the bullpen is rested. Obviously I won't be liveblogging tomorrow's game since that whole "Monday at 11am means I'm at work" thing will interfere, but hopefully in 24 hours the Cubs have another NL pennant under their belts.
5:18pm: That actor is Brian Posehn by the way and there's no indication he's a Cubs fan. Here he is on Conan talking about Edmonton and how he destroyed a toilet here at his Yuk Yuks show. This reminds me again that I still haven't told my Andy Dick story. Regardless, I'm calling this a night for now. The Cubs win, the season is extended, and at least today is a slightly better sports day than yesterday was. Around the league by the way the Yankees did crack 100 wins but stalled out there as Boston beat them again tonight. The Red Sox are the AL Champs, Cleveland Indians scalped the shit out of the competition and easily won their division, with Houston and Atlanta your other two division leaders. Both the Rockies/Dodgers and Brewers/Cubs games still have to be played before we can call this a season.
Finally an update has been posted about last night's story of Copenhagen being completely shut down for a manhunt that's meant to sound like part of an attempted murder plot.
The terrorism angle has been really patted down (Boston airport on September 11th style) with this update just posted by TheLocal, a Swedish newspaper.
So if the Muslims who stole a car in a Sweden are unrelated to the Muslims who caused the Copenhagen manhunt, do we have two cases of simultaneous terrorism? One? Zero?
Soaking rain and strong winds in southern Ontario Thursday caused power outages in the Greater Toronto Area and forced officials to close roads due to flooding.
Maybe I missed it, but where are the CBC archived articles about conservative Canadians boycotting the United States during eight years of President Monkey?
Sheila Gunn Reid at Rebel Media has uncovered the damages that has been caused by fake "Syrian" "refugees" at the hotels that the CBC was concerned was too hard on the little terrorists.
One thing keeps leaping out at me from the maddening coverage of how these uncivilized pond scum treat the quality establishments they have been permitted to live in (for free): how they are always smoking.
They smoke in big groups outside and disrupt other guests. They smoke in the rooms and common areas inside the hotel. They aggressively blow smoke in the (often female) hotel employees who ask them to stop. They smoke, they smoke, they smoke.
For one thing, they are all living off the avails of prostitutes Virginia Johnson and Kate Bate the generous Canadian taxpayer. Why are we paying for them to smoke? Besides the fact that the Canadian government is currently spending small fortunes to try and discourage people from smoking and here we are importing mass quantities of useless human garbage who also are smokers, clearly these people are not playing nice with their cigarettes or following numerous laws regarding their use.
If we can't send them across the Atlantic on a leaky boat, can't we at least stop paying for their cigs? At the very least, it will save us twice: both the darts we're feeding them and an element of the hotel destruction we're on the hook for.
I believe in convicting people for the sin of sodomy and that the punishment should be a public hanging in the town square.
By now you've heard the story about the pathetic assistant to a Liberal MP who is so incompetent and incapable of being a man that he has twice tried to commit suicide but can't even succeed at that. And now this pathetic little faggot is daring to lecture Canadians on "not doing enough".
Let's be clear: Paul Wernick is a sad pathetic excuse for a man. He always has been. Without somebody willing to tell him to stop whining and abandon his illegitimate sexual perversions he never will be. Like all homos (and many Liberal staffers) he has severe mental retardation. His brain is broken. And only he can fix it.
Don't believe me? Take a look at this pillow-biters hilariously obtuse 2014 article about fraternity life.
My childhood dog and playmate passed away. I decided to go to a Greek Hockey League game and as I saw one brother approach me, I was expecting to receive a firm handshake and a quick conversation to forget my troubles.
Instead I was called a homophobic slur for the hat I was wearing. I tried to laugh and pretend it was a joke but as I tried to create a conversation, the brother walked off.
I have always been one to accept challenges but I was not ready to meekly accept insults somehow deemed to test pledges. I brought the story to higher leadership within the chapter. I was told that this particular brother once had effeminate qualities with the implication that he had now grown out of it. Somehow this was supposed to help me understand what had happened to me.
What happened, Paul you pathetic uranist, was that you lost your dog. Yeah it happens. Being a dog owner is going to inevitably come with dog loss (unless, say, you jump off a bridge before that happens hint hint). You deal with this loss by DEALING WITH THE LOSS. Begging somebody else, who doesn't really actually know you mind you, to amortize your loss so that your monthly payments are smaller is a coping mechanism and not a particularly good one.
Good on your fraternity's "higher leadership" to call you out on this. You're being a pathetic sodomite. Expecting another guy who has wisely rejected this sick and evil lifestyle to feed into your toxic downward spiral (and eventually shove a dog bone up your ass) is foolhardy. Had you learned this lesson rather than wrote a butthurt article about it, maybe today we would be free of drivel from you about how "working 60 hour weeks" for a political power that you want to implement your evil sodomite policies needs to change just because you can't cope with issues without trying to swallow rat poison.
(As an aside Paul, you can't get good rat poison in Canada anymore. You will just have to guzzle bleach. Lots of it. It's at Walmart)
Wernick said he didn't know about the EFAP option until after his first suicide attempt, when a longtime staffer told him about it, and that he'd like to see people from the Prime Minister's Office and minister's offices talk to new staff about the importance of taking care of themselves.
After all, I've seen your people's ideas on how to take care of the country and how you plan on taking care of citizens under your evil PM's yoke. They are horrible and destructive. So if that's your level of thinking, I want you to apply to to yourself.
Continue until you're as dead as Paul Wernick keeps trying to be but can't because he's a pathetic piece of trash.
Jim Goad talks about the U.S.'s new race war . All human events are better viewed through Darwin than through Marx. This is a classic tu...
Okay, so today at work heard a juicy Pronger rumour.. and then the Battle of Alberta posts its own. Feel free to add your own: Chris Pr...
I found Lily's Edmonton Online page, and it contained only this: Her "Friends" list had only five men listed on it: one pro...
Shiny Pony was never really a Parliamentarian. You know this, I know this. It's apparently shocking news to The Globe and Mail's J...
My buddy texted me an hour ago advising me to... Check out the sunshine girl... Sha-WING! So I did. Here are a couple of her pictures: Sh...
Stars join anti-war hunger strike : Hollywood stars Sean Penn and Susan Sarandon are to join a fast protesting against the Iraq war. Prote...
This is an old controversy, but an odd one: if you buy the complete series DVD for Space:Above and Beyond , Babylon 5 is shown in main menu...
Today I received from a friend the following text message: Todays sunshine girl likes pooper sex!! Today's SUNshine girl is Jessica: Mis...
Here is the latest information on Living Room Decoration This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Living Room Decoration may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Living Room Decoration images are posted/uploaded by 3hearts.me obtained from sources that are highly skilled in the field of design of houses and furniture. So you don't have to worry about with 3hearts.me give this information simply upload a photo or image only. And this was the one who made the 3hearts.me differ from other website. You can also find other references for the design of your home about Living Room here. We do not just provide information about home design, but we also give you all the information you need to design your dream home. By giving the reference about the design of a bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen design, we also provide examples of furniture design that makes your home more better. Here we will continue to provide updated information on Living Room Decoration so you can get the design on the like. And here's a list of fantastic images or photos from the Living Room Decoration as part of a collection artmous a gallery of great ideas and useful.
At an estimated cost of £202 million a year the British monarchy is the most expensive in Europe and is more than double the cost of the Dutch monarchy. £202.4 million is equivalent to the cost of 9,560 nurses, 8,200 police officers and more than the total annual Ministry of Defence spending on food (Royal Finances, 2012). What we really have to question is, is it worth it? What do we, as British citizens, gain from paying for such an expensive monarchy when the money could be spent on nursing,...
THE MONARCHY Group Q Jacqueline At present, Elizabeth II is the Queen of the UK, the ‘Head of State’, however; not the ‘Head of British Government’. The existence of the monarchy is controversial. Some people think that monarchy has no necessity to exist, and it ought to be abolished as soon as possible. On the other hand, the opposition applies an opinion that the monarchy should be maintained because of its special value in the UK. People argue about these two viewpoints for a long time....
﻿ Canadian Constitutional Monarchy A constitutional monarchy is a form of government where the monarch acts as the head of state, and has to act within the boundaries of the constitution. Canada is part of the British Commonwealth, which automatically classifies us as a constitutional monarchy. The benefit of this system is that the monarch will always govern its state and people in a way that is civil and fair. The Queen of England is the head of Canada’s constitutional monarchy, but...
1. THE BRITISH MONARCHY IS AN OUTDATED GOVERNMENTAL STRUCTURE THAT HAS NO PLACE IN THE MODERN WORLD A monarchy is political system based upon the undivided sovereignty or rule of a single person. The term applies to states in which supreme authority is vested in the monarch, an individual ruler who functions as the head of state and who achieves his position through heredity. Succession usually passes from father to son or follows other arrangements within the family or the monarchical...
The Japanese monarchy is one of the oldest monarchies in the world, and as of today it is a constitutional monarchy. In modern-day Japan, the monarchy is, according to the constitution of Japan, ‘a symbol of the state and unity of the people’. Unlike China, Japan, at least officially, has had only one dynasty since the beginning of time (Beasley, 1999). There is a pattern followed in China’s where each dynasty has a stage of empire building, a stage of power or glory, and finally, a stage of...
The British royal family has had many reasons to celebrate since April 2011. Not only did it have, not one, but two royal weddings, in addition its popularity previously hit by the Diana crisis, seems to have been finally restored. Indeed, the wedding of Prince William and Miss Middleton has produced a happy end to the old feud between “The People’s Princess” and the royal establishment. It was this occasion that allowed the British public to make their peace with the past and indulge in this...
﻿The abolition of the monarchy would be popular for some Over the past few years, the abolition of the monarchy has been questioned and the opposition against it has grown. Althought royalists might argue that monarchies bring political stability, respect for tradition and a sense of national pride, along with hordes of tourists, there are many people that defend that the monarchy should be abolished due to many reasons. One of the strongest arguments in favor of abolishing the monarchy is...
﻿New Monarchies Essay A new monarchy brings power to the royal family. It does this in many ways. A new monarchy reduces the power of nobility, and confiscates land from the nobles that are on "their" land. They also impose taxes and tariffs on whatever they want. A new monarchy will also create standing armies and hire mercenaries to protect their land and to grow their empire. Basically a new monarchy wants to bring money, power, and control to the royal family that is in rule. An...
Constitutional Monarchy With the development of the society, the people’s minds have changed. During these years, people discuss a topic about abolishing constitutional monarchy. As for this question, voters choose whether to keep the King or not at parliament every day. Constitutional monarchy is a kind of political institution in which the king is regarded as head of the state, but he does not have political rights. He nominates premier and the premier manages the government. There are many...
New Monarchies, which were very powerful centralized governments with unified inhabitants, start emerging in the mid-15th century. Factors responsible for this advance were the vast demographic and economic growth. Before these New Monarchies were formed there were many changes the new monarchs had to make: including weakening powerful rivals, increasing revenue, unifying the country, and strengthening the power of the king and his bureaucracy. Three countries successful in strengthening...
﻿Unit 07 The Monarchy Appearance The Monarchy in Britain illustrates the contradictory nature of the constitution. It is believed that the Queen has almost absolute power and all seems very undemocratic. Every years when the Parliament begins its activities, Queen Elizabeth II makes a speech in which she announces what “my government” will do along the year. So the government belongs to her instead to the people. It is very different from the situation in other countries like USA or Argentina,...
A monarchy is a form of government in which authority is actually embodied in a single individual (the monarch). When the monarchs has no or few legal restraints in state and political matters, it is called an absolute monarchy and is a form of autocracy. Cases in which the monarch's discretion is formally limited (most common today) are called constitutional monarchies. Inhereditary monarchies, the office is passed through inheritance within a family group, whereas elective monarchies are...
﻿Advantages of Monarchy Patriotism: Monarchs, by their very nature, are more patriotic than either Prime Ministers or Presidents. They hold great affection for their respective countries: a Prime Minister or President may be at the same post in other countries but Monarchs never have this conflict of interest. So, fundamentally, it is in the interest of any monarch to work towards greater patriotism. Every monarch makes a considerable contribution in the building of his or her nation. One who...
Down with the Monarchy In today’s modern society, the monarchy supposedly plays a very important role. They sit in their castles and palaces, making important life changing decisions for others and help develop their country into something more. Is that not the role of a king or queen, to rule with an iron fist? Apparently not in Britain. Over the many years the monarchy’s role has changed extensively. From an overwhelming powerhouse that always has the last say, into a conservative party...
CHV 2O0 Antz: A Political Animation Leadership Styles This activity provides you with an opportunity to explore democratic and authoritarian leadership styles. The focus here is on comparing leadership styles within a group as it relates to the political system, economic system and government structure. By the end of the lesson, you will be able to define the differences that exist among these leadership styles, and the strengths and weaknesses that are associated with each style....
The seventeenth century saw the evolution of two new types of government mainly because of the instability that was caused by religious wars. One type of government was a constitutional monarchy in which rulers were confined to the laws of the state, giving the people some liberties, best exemplified by William and Mary during the Stuart monarchial rule. Constitutional monarchy was successful in mainly in England because of the Magna Carta, which kept the king’s power in check. The other...
﻿Global Absolution vs. Democracy Absolutism is the most effective government used during the seventieth and eighteenth centuries, unlike Democracy, which wasn’t as effective during these times. Absolutism is a form of government in which one person has complete power. There is Absolute Monarchy and some monarchs were known to have Divine Right. Divine Right is the belief that God gave the monarch the entitlement to rule. Absolute Monarchy is when the monarch doesn’t have constitutional...
Why should I work to preserve our Democratic government vs. Monarchy? Many countries have different types of government. The most common type of government is democracy. This is because it is run in the fairest manner than any type of government. In other countries, it is not about fairness, it is strictly about who has the power. Depending on the country you live in the government would decide how much a person works. For example, if you are the owner of a business and every time you make...
Constitutional Monarchies and the Netherlands Constitutional monarchies go by a few different names, absolute monarchy, kingship, limited monarchy, monarchical government, and also as queenships (New World Encyclopedia 2009). Constitutional monarchies do vary from one country to another, but there are a few characteristics that make them similar. The differences are mainly attributable to differing culture and circumstances. Legitimation, levels of authority, exercise of power, role, and...
Democratic Government and Monarchy The types of system of government Democracy and Monarchy are different from each other. The actual founder of the modern democracy was John Locke, who argued with Thomas Hobbes, the one who believed that one person king or queen should rule. Government has been an issue throughout time. Many different governments have been established, demolished and replaced over the time, but the question is which one is better? In democracy they give the people more...
The monarchy of the United Kingdom (commonly referred to as the British monarchy) is the constitutional monarchy of the United Kingdom and its overseas territories. The present monarch, Elizabeth II, has reigned since 6 February 1952. She and her immediate family undertake various official, ceremonial and representational duties. As a constitutional monarch, the Queen is limited to non-partisan functions such as bestowing honours. Though the ultimate executive authority over the government of...
The View of Absolute Monarchies The extent to which rulers and their subjects viewed the role of an absolute monarch was different. The time of this political issue on absolute monarchies was around the 1600s. There were people for the absolute monarchies, people with their own monarchies and people against monarchies. Each one had there own idea for what the role of the monarchy was the people against it thought it was oppressive the people for it thought it was because people couldn’t rule...
﻿Absolute Monarchy Paragraphs What would it be like to be the queen and rule an absolute monarchy? I feel it would be the best to be the queen and have all the say. An absolute monarchy would be best as no elections have to take place. Being the leader of an absolute monarchy means you have no one to answer to. Lastly, an absolute monarchy would be best because the leader can charge as much tax as you want because you are in charge. Being the leader of an absolute monarchy means I don't...
First of all, let me clarify each form of government is: MONARCHY: a form of government with a monarch at the head. Monarch: a hereditary sovereign, as a king, queen, or emperor OLIGARCHY: a small group of people having control of a country, organization, or institution. DEMOCRACY: a system of government by the whole population or all the eligible members of a state, typically through elections. ------------------------------------------------- Oligarchy: These...
History 308 Mid-Term Exam October 8, 2012 18th century monarchy Royalty and power has always been one of the major underpinnings of Western Civilization. Throughout the course of European history, empires have risen and kingdoms have fallen. The eighteenth century marks a time of great change and diversity for European empires and monarchs. It was a time of enlightenment, a break from custom and tradition, absolutism and constitutional rule. Based on this great rate of change, diversity...
Essay # 1 The question of monarchy versus republic is mostly discussed from a highly emotional rather than a rational point of view. A few undignified occupants of royal thrones are enumerated, and are then presented as examples of monarchy as such. The defenders of monarchy are no better. They point to corrupt professional politicians, of whom there exist a sufficient number, and claim that this is the necessary consequence of a republican constitution. Neither is a rational argument. There...
The Myth of British Monarchy As the article says, the monarchy is beginning to appear in commentary on British public affair, and it starting to be examined and debated. Many authors and journalists like Edgar Wilson, Christopher Hitchens and Tom Nairn wrote about this issue; that talk about the constitutional monarchy state of affairs, but it reaches broadly the same conclusions. Mr. Wilson says: the royals do not work hard, they are not like their subjects, they are the richest family...
A debate on the British monarchy Good evening, everybody. Today I am going to bring in the debate on should the British Monarchy be demolished or not. I will talk on both sides and would like everyone to pay attention so that you all can be part of this discussion. The British monarchy can be discussed in Britain as well and if it did have a vote the result outcome would be equal and would have a stronger and more interesting debate. In UK the power of the queen is not much as a head of...
Differences between Monarchy and Democracy 1. Democracy is a type of government that emanates from the constituted powers that are elected, depending on the system (presidentialist, parliamentary, constitutional monarchy, semi presidentialist, semi parliamentary, etc...) directly or indirectly by the people. Whereas in an absolute monarchy, an absolutist regime exists and is in power because of family lineage. 2. In democracy three state powers(in most cases) exist as a checks and...
﻿ What is the role of the monarchy in modern Britain? Can it be justified empirically and theoretically? Research Skills & Methods in Political Science Ben Aston 05.06.03 What is the role of the monarchy in modern Britain? Can it be justified empirically and theoretically? This essay will first examine the role of the monarchy, taking modern Britain as a focus for examination and seek to answer whether or not it can be justified empirically and...
HOW RELEVANT TO THE MODERN AGE ARE THE BRITISH MONARCHY’S CONSTITUTIONAL FUNCTIONS? The British monarchy has always played an important role throughout history. It has managed to create such wealth and power such as the Golden Age of Elizabeth I. Within her 45 year reign she established the Church of England and saw voyages of discovery which lead to the accumulation of riches beyond its borders. The monarchy has also gone through various changes to throughout its realm such as the declaration...
﻿There was nothing new about the New Monarchy, 1492-1516. Assess the validity of this view. Introduction: A debate as to whether Ferdinand and Isabella followed the medieval principles of monarchy – peripatetic, dispensing justice, warrior kings OR whether they introduced a new style of monarchy. New Monarchy Argument: Securing an Erastian Relationship: rebuild their relationship with the papacy > Pope’s agreement, in 1486, that the Crown would exercise a ´Patronato´ over all ecclesiastical...
AP Euro *Using examples from at least two different states, analyze the key features of the “new monarchies” and the factors responsible for their rise in the period 1450 to 1550. The Renaissance was a time of revival of ancient thought mixed with new intellectual expressions. However, some areas were experiencing unfortunate setbacks in flourishing during this time. The 100 Years’ war was a war that weakened and depopulated France. The War of Roses was a civil war that...
JAPAN Unlike most constitutional monarchies, the Emperor is not even the nominal chief executive. The Constitution states that the Emperor "shall perform only such acts in matters of state as are provided for in the Constitution and he shall not have powers related to government." 5 It also stipulates that "the advice and approval of the Cabinet shall be required for all acts of the Emperor in matters of state".6 Article 4 also states that these duties can be delegated by the Emperor as...
Absolute Monarchs were eithere kings or queens who controlled the complete way of life in the country they ruled. Absolutism is the rule of one person over any given thing. The two rulers that showed absolutism in the documents are Louis 14th and Peter the Great. They were both absolute monarchs and both ruled over large territories. An absolute monarch has both positive and negative affects as a system or government. One positive attribute is organization. In document eight, Louis the...
Since the postclassical period, feudal monarchy had defined Western politics.This finally came to an end when the power balance kept between king and nobles was undone in the 17th century. In many countries, after religious wars, monarchs had gained new powers; reducing the pressure from nobles and chances of revolt. France was the model for this new pattern, now the most important nation in the West. French kings steadily built up their power in the 17th century; they stopped c onvening...
Monarchy vs Democracy Government’s history may not exactly be known but it is safe to say that government is as old as human society itself. At some point in the past ‘“ as the population grew in a particular area, there was pressure to have a system of laws that the society members had to follow since chaos would reign in a society if there is no governing body to set guidelines to its constituents. Public order and maintenance of security is vital to every society. Larger populations...
Judith M. Richards, ‘Mary Tudor as a ‘sole queen’? Gendering Tudor Monarchy’, Historical Journal, 40, 1997 Judith Richards evaluates the reign of the first English Queen, Mary Tudor. She deviates away from the popular historical focus of Bloody Mary, choosing to direct attention towards the problem of defining the authority of a female King. In doing so she covers issues such as; how a female was to survive in a male dominated world, aspects of Mary’s coronation and her marriage and...
Can the problem of monarchy be considered old-fashioned? A monarchy is a governmental system that has one person as the permanent head of state until he or she dies or gives up his or her position. Typically, the position of monarch is hereditary, as is the case with famous monarchies like that of the United Kingdom. The term is often used to refer to a system of government in which the monarch — such as a king or queen — has absolute authority, but many monarchies are limited or...
In the movie “Antz”, the producers tied many governmental issues into the story. The colony was led like a Monarchy, Communism, and Democracy. Communism for example was a major part of the story. Communism is a system where everything belongs to "the community", so people own nothing much more than the clothes on their back, and the State owns everything. It leaves no reward for personal incentive, and even the lives of the populace don't belong to them, but to the State. Resisting was often...
British monarchy - Should they stay or should they go? Yona Oshrat The nurse Jacintha Saldanha was looking after Prince William’s wife Kate – who was suffering from morning sickness – when two Australian DJs called the hospital impersonating The Queen and Prince Charles. Believing the call was genuine she then transferred the call to the ward where Kate was staying where another nurse gave information about Kate’s condition. The nurse found hanged after the hoax call to the hospital - she...
Absolutism in France versus Constitutional Monarchy in England. The political, economic, religous and social effects on England and France.
In the wake of the Reformation, two countries experienced a century of great change, and whether growth or decline, this change was drastic. After Elizabeth I died at the turn of the century, James I took the throne of England and took absolutism with him. He and the next five successors would oversee the growth of England from an erratic, absolutist monarchy to a working, stable Constitutional monarchy. France was not fortunate enough to experience such growth. In contrast, it experienced great...
Political Systems Evaluate the Role of the Current Monarchy in One Country of Your Choice. to What Extent Does It Fulfill Its Purpose?
Political Systems Evaluate the role of the current monarchy in one country of your choice. To what extent does it fulfill its purpose? (Preparatory Project, First Draft) Ramankulov Assylmurat Student number: 201202018 Tutor: Samantha Mullins Date of submission: January 9, 2013 Word count: 1033 Nazarbayev University University Preparatory Course, UCL Language Center The history of the monarchy of Great Britain has roots from the distant history. Since the inception...
(Compare and Contrast how Louis XIV, Peter the Great and the Hohenzollern family (btw. 1640-1740) created successful absolute monarchies through their use/manipulation of nobility, religion, bureaucracy, and economics.) The absolute age of Europe (roughly 1600’s-1750) was a time when absolute monarchy had begun becoming more popular by countries such as Habsburg's lands, France, and Russia. There Is no one specific formula for an absolute monarchy however, in studying several such monarchies...
It is said that Louis XIV proclaimed "I am the state!" Whether or not he really said it is debatable, but the meaning of such a statement is clear. Through the course of the 17th Century various regimes across Europe began to model their states of off the very theme of "I am the state,"; that is, the monarch personified and had absolute control over his nation. Prior to the 17th Century such absolute control precluded this absolutism. By the time of the 17th Century, however, the conditions were...
The Evils of Mankind Throughout human history, the issue of power has been the source of countless wars and violence, and so has it sparked inspiration in many philosophers to develop potentially better systems of government. The Age of Enlightenment saw many philosophers sprout with new ideas on forms of government to replace or refine the archaic norm of absolute monarchy; one such controversial thinker was Thomas Hobbes. In his widely-recognized book, The Leviathan, he claimed that, because...
THW Abolish the Monarchy By: Alif Azadi Taufik In the world, there are many different systems that a government will use to rule and control their nation. Different nations will use different systems based on their national ideologies. Some countries will use a republic, federal, or monarchy system added with systems like democracy, communism, liberal, etc. Today, we would like to abolish a certain system and render it unusable for any country. That system would be the royal system of...
Max Mayer HIS 102 Prof. McGowen GTF Nick O’Neill Feb 25, 2013 Absolutism Most historians would argue that the years 1660 to 1789 could be summarized as an Age of Absolutism, the period from the Restoration in England and the personal rule of Louis XIV up to the beginning of the French Revolution. Our textbook defines absolutism as “a political arrangement in which one ruler possesses unrivaled power (Western Civilization pg 184). Rulers received their power directly from God – theory of...
P olitical science refers to the social science in relation with political institutions and with the principles and conduct of government. This means that political science is about studying the norms of the society and the government. In political science, you need to know what the society needs, how the government id functioning, how the government execute laws, how they render authority to the people, how the government is built, and many more. It is also the study of the state wherein you...
﻿Victoria Flores World Civilizations H. Gleason England and France through the 17th Century At the beginning of the 1600s, England and France had one goal in mind, complete and absolute power. In the second half of the seventeenth century, we see England evolve from an absolutist monarchy into a monarchy that could only rule by consent of the parliament. France, on the other hand, continued with an almighty king. When Louis XIV came into power, he was too young to rule the nation on his...
Victoria Eppler Kelley Advanced Social Studies I, 6-7° September 12th, 2014 DBQ: Absolutism and Democracy During the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, there were two forms of government in Europe: absolutism, which gave unlimited power to the monarchs, and democracy, which gave power to the people. Which was more effective for this time period? Well, while both absolutism and democracy had their strengths and weaknesses, absolutism was more effective during this time. Machiavelli, who...
﻿ Western Civilization from 1650 to the Present Dr. Edrene S. McKay  Website: Online-History.org  Phone: (479) 855-6836 ABSOLUTISM V. CONSTITUTIONALISM TWO MODELS OF GOV’T DECIDING FACTORS: Revenue Concerns Religious Factors Institutional Differences Personalities Social Concerns During the 17th century, France and England moved in two very different political directions. By the close of the century, after decades of civil and religious strife, ENGLAND...
﻿ Chapter 1 Journal Entry The origins of American government can be traced back to the cultures and life of early European colonists and the indigenous peoples of the new world. The colonists journeyed to North America for a variety of reasons. One of the main reasons was to find better opportunities for wealth. Later on the pilgrims left Europe aboard the mayflower to find religious freedoms. Today’s modern day government offers both opportunities for wealth and success, as well as...
﻿ “Is absolutism a good way to role?” Considering Spain, France, Russia An absolute monarch is a ruler whose power is unlimited. I think it’s a Good way to rule content or a country. Absolutism is political theory and form of government where unlimited, complete power is held by a centralized sovereign individual, with no checks or balances form any other part of nation or government. In effect, the ruling individual has absolute power, with no legal, electoral or other...
Absolutism. The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were an era in which absolutism dominated the political systems of Europe.
The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were an era in which absolutism dominated the political systems of Europe. I strongly agree to this assessment. The seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were hard times in Europe. The Reformation produced a trail of conflict and difficulty as the implications of Reformation thought began to be imagined in areas outside of religion. In the latter half of the 1600's, monarchial systems of both England and France were changing. In England, the move was away...
Absolutism and Peter the Great Many monarchs, particularly those of European descent, employed the flourishing absolutist philosophy during their reign in the seventeenth century. Defined as the "absolute or unlimited rule usually by one man," absolutism is virtually equivalent to the philosophy of despotism. A ruler incorporating the absolutist philosophy has complete control of his subjects and the highest authority with which to govern. With origins dating back to the Ancient Greeks,...
Compare and Contrast the Theory of Absolutism and Constitutionalism with Reference to the Evolution of Government in England and France.
The governments of England and France differ greatly in many ways such the following: they are two completely different forms of government, absolutism and constitutionalism, but they are in many ways similar partly because they both began as absolutist forms of government. Absolutist France was a form government run by one person who had almost full control over everything, and Constitutionalist England was run by a number of people with a great deal of power. Even the rulers were required to...
﻿Portfolio. SZIU RANHIGS - North-West Management Institute (Russian Academy of National Economy and Public Administration under the President of the Russian Federation) Portfolio on discipline: Английский язык (English for International Relations) Date: 25.12.2014 Completed: Shalovinskii Maksim Sergeyevich. I will begin with the presentation of texts on which I was preparing: Текст 1: About me. My name is Maksim Shalovinskii. I was born in 1996 9th of...
Gabriel Ariza M. European History 10 Social Contract DBQ Modern day democracies have shown more efficiency over time rather than the autocratic structures. As of today, monarchs are just puppets handled by prime ministers. After centuries of oppressors autocracies have decreased. The question left to be answered is that which social contract is more efficient. Rulers who respect their people, and have more interest in their people rather than themselves prove to prospect more than...
According to Thomas Paine’s Common Sense, the American people will be much happier if they were responsible for the information of the laws that rule them. A system of representation is also better for the colonist. Having defined his disagreement with British command in America, Paine went on to launch a general attack on the British government. The British system of government is too complex and profuse with contradictions, and the monarchy is granted far too much power, which in all holds...
﻿ Absolutism is a political theory and form of government where unlimited, complete power is held by a centralized sovereign individual, with no checks or balances from any other part of the nation or government. In effect, the ruling individual has ‘absolute’ power, with no legal, electoral or other challenges to that power. In practice, people argue about whether Europe saw any true absolutist governments, or how far certain governments were absolute, but the term has been applied to...
Comparing Prince Hal and Henry's Models of Statescraft To compare the difference between King Henry and Prince Hal's style of statecraft, first we have to understand the basic philosophy of each. The King belives that to effectively lead the country one needs to lead by example. According to the King's philosophy the best man is the one who lives a pure life and garners respect and honor from all men. To the King's way of thinking Hotspur is more fit to be a King than Prince Hal, a comparison...
If a country were choosing it's government, and I was the one who was to decide if we were to follow a democracy or an absolute ruler, I would select a democracy. Democracy is the only government where the people wont have their freedoms taken by one person and no one can abuse their power. Democracy is more effective then absolutism in that power is separated in 3 branches, this way of government is firmly believed in by Montesquieu. Another positive from democracy is that people are given the...
﻿The Age of Absolutism State Building & the Search for Order in the 17th Century What is Absolutism? Absolutism or absolute monarchy was a system in which the sovereign power or ultimate authority in the state rested in the hands of a king who claimed to rule by divine right. Sovereignty In the 17th century, having sovereign power consisted of the authority to: Why Absolutism? A response to the crises of the 16th & 17th centuries A search for order— As revolts, wars,...
Emphasis on the Two Bodies During the time Elizabethan Era-also known as Shakespeare’s time- the ideals of kingship were very complicated concepts which varied throughout the European empires. It varied from the divine right of kings to elective monarchy, and there was even primogeniture in some Europeans countries. Of course, with such varied types of kingship, it was very easy to limit the power of the king whether it be Biblical/religious or the state. During the Renaissance, the idea...
Increasing Power in the 17th Century Governmental systems in both France and England were greatly changing during the 17th Century. In England, absolute monarchies lost power while Parliament gained supremacy. France, on the other hand, saw Louis XIV strengthening his own offices and weakening both the Estates General and the local nobility. Absolutism, a political theory holding that all power should be vested in one ruler, was attempted by James I and Charles I of England, and Louis XIV of...
﻿Forms of Government "I believe that government is servant of the people and not their master." A statement told by David Rockfeller powerfully telling that a government is not a hinder to tranquility, thus, a way for each nation to gain system in peace and order. A government is the organization through which the state articulates and enforces its will. Government comes from the term govern. From Old French governer, derived from Latin gubernare "to direct, rule, guide, govern", which is...
Whig Ideology The Whigs were a political party that was in opposition to the Tories another political party in England and Scotland that developed in response to the need for reform during the 18th and 19th century. The group was made up of different groups of society that opposed British politics. Whigs were made up of Presbyterians against Restoration and aristocrats that opposed the licentious behavior and the lavish spending that was occurring at the court. Whigs were also liberals...
﻿Bowin Lam Dr. Jason Dew	ENGL 1101 18 July 2013 The Divine Right of Kings The American government uses true absolutism, which is a major aspect of The Divine Right of Kings, due to the fact on how they use wiretapping, monitoring phone conversations and general surveillance without consent. The Divine Right of Kings is a political and religious doctrine of royal and political legitimacy. It asserts that a monarch is subject to no earthly authority, deriving his right to rule directly from...
Thomas Paine, Common Sense In the year 1776 Thomas Paine wrote his pamphlet Common Sense to convince the struggling colonists that succession from the British monarchy was not only inevitable, but also justified, and that it was time for the people of the American colonies to rise up against the British control. At this time the American Revolution had been in progress for about a year and the colonists were divided about what to do. There were Patriots fighting for independence, Loyalist who...
1) What theological concerns prompted Martin Luther's challenge of the authority of the Catholic Church? What specific reforms did he advocate? -The church was saying that you needed to be saved and you needed Catholic priest to be directly involved in your path to salvation. Luther put emphasis on an individual’s personal relationship with God through Jesus. 2) What were the circumstances of the English Reformation? -Events of the English Reformation were in part associated with the wider...
DBQ There were many forms of government through the 17th and 18th century. Two forms of government that were mainly used; were democracy and absolutism. Both of these government types were affective in their own ways, but also had various similarities and differences. Philosophers also helped with changing 17th and 18th century Europeans way of thinking; and view the teachings of the Catholic Church. One of the more common forms of government was absolutism. Rulers believed they...
﻿“The Prince” originally written for princes and rulers is a book written with monarchies in mind, describing how to rule in all different varieties of monarchies; from dynasties to newly developing monarchies. This book also goes into great detail of how to maintain existing monarchies or how to conquer and keep them under your rule. Older monarchies or dynasties are tougher to conquer and keep because if you cannot win the hearts of the people they will rebel to restore power to their...
What form of government was most effective - democracy or absolutism - for the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The most effective government is Democracy because of its system of government. Democracy's system of government works because it is ran by the people and the federal government checks each other to make sure no branches became more powerful than the others. John Locke said in the Two Treatises of Government, said, " Men being ... by nature all free, equal, and independent, no...
Han China Vs. Imperial Rome The Han Dynasty and Imperial Rome were both large and powerful empires that existed during the Classical Period. The Han Dynasty and Imperial Rome had some major similarities as well as differences. The Han Dynasty had a similar government system as Imperial Rome, the empires’ governments made the same mistakes that led to similar declines; however the government’s involvement and view on trade was different between these two empires. Both the Han Dynasty and...
Australia should cut all ties with the British Monarchy and become a Republic – Negative Australia should not detach itself from the British Monarchy and become a republic. In doing so, Australia will abolish its constitutional monarchy system of government that has worked exceptionally well for it and its people. Australia does not need to prove its independence by becoming a republic. On top of this, a republic is a useless change for Australia, and in becoming one, many concerns and...
A good ruler is supposed to lead his country and keep his kingdom united but Edward II prefers to waste time and enjoy himself with his flatterers. Edward II is introduced to the audience as a ‘pliant king’, a pleasure seeker who prefers to divide his kingdom than have his lover Gaveston exiled from the kingdom. Later in the play, his orders are disregarded by the nobles and a civil war within the kingdom of England ensues. By the end of the play we see the king at his most tragic, having lost...
﻿To what extent did Henry VIII possess the qualities to be a good king? At the time Henry took the throne there were certain qualities expected from a king, these qualities would typically be a King who was strong, smart, and a decisive decision maker, determined and a man of the people. To a certain extent Henry ticked the majority of those boxes. He proved he was strong physically through his sporting achievements, he also proved he was very smart and was regarded as one of the smartest...
During the middle of the 15th century, Europe was in a time of war and feudalism. Many European states had a weak central government and needed strong rulers to reestablish the order. Several leaders emerged during this time period who did some great works to bring the power back into the monarch’s hand, and thus they earned the name “new monarchs”. There were several factors that helped these leaders rise. Most of the “new monarchs” that arose during 1450 to 1550. In England, King Henry VII...
1.	The upmost important reason for economic and social problems that troubled Europe from 1560 to 1650 was an incredible inflation among other things. The Spanish empire brought tons of gold back to Europe and caused the value of gold to plummet. Since this was a situation that Europe had never experienced, they didn't understand it. More gold was supposed to be good, right? Suddenly prices started to rise for no reason. Also in Spain, unlike gold, there was very little silver being produced at...
﻿Absolutism vs English Monarchy To begin, there are many similarities in absolutism and monarchy. First, “absolutism” is a political theory that states that all and absolute power should be vested in one ruler or other authority. Dictators are a form of absolutism. Absolutism has been present in almost every time period in the world, including in modern day society. In Europe, absolutism was at its peak among rulers during the late 1500’s to the early 1700’s. England practiced...
Common Sense by Thomas Paine In Common Sense, Thomas Paine argues for American independence. His argument begins with more general, theoretical reflections about government and religion, then progresses to the specifics of the colonial situation. Paine begins by differentiating between government and society. Society, is everything constructive and good that people join together to accomplish. Government, on the other hand, is an institution whose sole purpose is to protect us from our own...
﻿ WORLD TOURISM: PROJECT #1 TYPES OF GOVERNMENT Quimson Ronabel F. *H-268* Prof. Adrian F. San Miguel Government in the case of its broad associative definition, government normally consists of legislators, administrators, and arbitrators. Government is the means by which state policy is enforced, as well as the mechanism for determining the policy of the state. A form of government, or form of state governance, refers to the set of political...
King Lear was a supposedly one of the first monarchs in prehistoric Britain. He had come down to Shakespeare's time as a Figure of myth and folklore. King Lear knew to divide sovereign power would be to undermine the peace of the commonwealth and to infringe the biblical precept that no one should serve two masters. (Bossulet qtd in) Sommerville 350) Although such an act would have been considered illegal at the time and Queen Elizabeth asks her advisors if she can give away some of her land...
Shelby Quartararo DBQ- Absolutism and Democracy 10/22/12 Throughout world history many forms of political systems have been used. In countries like France and Russia they had an absolute monarchy. This is when one person had all the power and wealth. In England, people believed in a democracy. This is when there was a limit to royal power to protect the rights of the people. Although both forms of government had their strength and weaknesses, absolutism was the most effective during...
The seventeenth Century Spanish notion of kingship which is reflected in the national drama of the Golden Age is in dissimilarity to the historical realism of the authority and prestige of medieval rulers. Lope de Vega invests even medieval rulers with the status and rights enjoyed by Hapsburg monarchs; he stated that because the king is the only authority to whom a private resident may appear for redress of the authoritarian overlord, so God is the only one who can judge or punish a king. The...
Governments and Political Leaders Throughout history the world has seen numerous forms of governments. With each and every type of government whether they are looked at as being good or bad we have gained something even if it was just the knowledge of the way we do not want things be. Also with the different forms of governments we have met different political leaders. Just as with different governments the different political leaders have taught us something as well and even some of the worst...
~Democracy in 17th & 18th Century Europe~ Olivia­Opening statement: Democracy is essentially a type of government that splits ruling power among multiple people. This prohibits the idea of absolute rule to occur. Throughout history, many people such as John Locke, Aristole, and Montesquieu have influenced the growth of a government that doesn't allow absolute control. In several instances throughout time, it can be seen that ...
Kings and queens were always loved and praised by other people. Although they are a few monarchies left, and we are no longer subjects of the King and Queen, citizens of our countries, who, in most cases, participate in electing or voting out, our political leaders and other officials. Though most of us no longer answer to the “Mother Country or the Throne,” kings and queens are still relevant today as they are not only a significant link to our past, but also a perfect symbol of head of state....
Over the past sixty year, His Majesty the King has been, loved, and admired by Thai people throughout the country. His works of almost six decades include a variety of activities, which have enhanced on the Thai life. The three institutions that made up Thailand are the Nation, Buddhism, and Monarchy. His Majesty is indeed Thailand's guiding light. In the past, Thailand has faced many political crisis but Thailand would not be what it is today without his help. Every time he speaks,...
There are mainly two types of governments that emerged during the seventeenth century. Most of the political development took place in France and England. Absolute monarchy took over throughout France while constitutionalism, or parliamentary monarchy, was becoming popular in England between 1640 and 1780. France’s absolute monarchy developed because of the nobles and kings focused on the concept of divine right. England, on the other hand, developed through the businessmen and landowners...
﻿Caroline Lemaster Ms. Graham AP EURO Sect. 2 January 22, 2015 Failure of the Revolutions of 1848 The Revolutions of 1848 were a series of democratic revolts against the monarchies of Europe. This was a very interesting because the revolutions stemmed from a wide variety of causes, and they were not necessarily coordinated/related. The revolutions were generally not a success, and the revolutions were suppressed and the monarchs of Europe were able to hang on to power. The Revolutions were...
Absolutism and Democracy During 17th and 18th centuries, there has been two types of government; absolutism, which gave unlimited power to the monarchs, and democracy, which gave power to the people. However, in my opinion, absolutism was still the most effective form of government during this period. There were numerous absolute monarchs such as King James I, Machiavelli and King Louis XIV renowned for their cruel use of power as a monarch. People in this time were not as educated as people in...
The Repeal of the 1968 Westminster Style Constitution in Swaziland * Lorraine D’souza HIS 110 A Samuel Goodfellow March 20th 2012 World history paper The kingdom of Swaziland gained its independence on the 6th of September 1968. Soon After independence, in 1973 king Sobhuza ІІ abolished the Westminster style constitution that Swaziland had inherited from the British colonial masters. He had in his mind to develop a uniquely Swazi system of government, in which no political parties...
development of the art of warfare. Historically speaking, all political communities of the modern type owe their existence to successful warfare.[7] Kings, emperors and other types of monarchs in many countries including China and Japan, were considered divine. Of the institutions that ruled states, that of kingship stood at the forefront until the French Revolution put an end to the "divine right of kings". Nevertheless, the monarchy is among the longest-lasting political institutions, dating...
﻿Frank Owens Mrs. Wilson World History 12/5/2014 DBQ What form of government was most effective-democracy or absolutism- for the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in Europe? During the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries there were two forms of government. The two forms of government were democracy and absolutism. Both of these forms of government were effective in their own ways. Absolutism though was the most effective during this time. Absolutism is when the ruler has unlimited power....
It is certainly obvious that without any form of government in a particular geographical location the political,social and economic stand of the state is going to fall. This brings about the topic “the relevance of government in the development of the society”, which I am going to discuss in the following paragraphs. First and foremost the term government means the act and process especially the control and administration of public policy in a political unit, the office, function,or authority of...
K. A. Nizami is not of the opinion that as Balban was a freeman nor connected with royal-family, did he suffer from inferiority complex due to his guilty conscience. In the words of Nizami, “The absence of any reference to his manumission in the pages of Minhaj-us-Siraj and Barani is significant and perhaps, he was not manumitted and this basic legal disqualification to rule over the people, he tried to cover under a shrewdly designed mask of divine commitment of regal authority.” Balban...
False Democracy: Political Dynasty The Merriam-Webster dictionary defines dynasty as a powerful group or family that maintains its position for a considerable time. In the Philippines, according to a research by the Center for People Empowerment and Governance, we have about 250 political families who have dominated Philippine politics at the national and local level. This is 0.00001667 % of the country's 15 million families (CENPEG, 2007). They comprise a little, among the represented...
Aquinas' view of kingship and the Aristotelian response. Quotes are from "St. Thomas Aquinas on Law and Ethics," ed. Sigmund
Despite Internal Crisis and External Threats, the Third Republic Was Able to Survive in the Period 1871-1914. Explain Why.
Why are some countries in the East and Southeast Asia persistently authoritarian while so few are democratic?
Positions of Loyalist and Pro-Independence in Terms of Rights, the Structure of Government and Representation
“Its a celebration Bitches!!!” Eeverybody, and i do mean everybody came out to celebrate the release of Yelawolf’s “Trunk Muzik 0-60”.
For the tastemakers in the Entertainment industry and Atlanta’s world-famous Tree Sound Studios, October 1st was a celebration to be remembered. The all-day party was a star-studded affair that was chic yet relaxed, eclectic, and unlike any seen in Atlanta.
We take a comprehensive look at the adventures, stories and shenanigans behind the creation of Donnis’s “Fashionably Late”. Word to Needlz and Dj Holiday.
Yelawolf and Cisco Alder (from the group Shwayze) stop through 3LD headquarters, Mickey Factz comes back home and Pill explains the origins of the term “Going Ham”.
I guess it’s fair to say that Cyhi da Prynce is having the “BEST WEEK EVER”. Whether it’s bringing Kanye on stage at the Brooklyn Bowl and basically shutting down the show or having Yeezy proclaim that he wouldn’t wanna see CyHi in a cypher, You’ll see why it’s definitely an exciting time to be CyHi Da Prynce.
Late night at 3LD headquarters; Bobby Creekwater in one room, Mickey Factz in one room, and Kardinal Offishall in another… Well what happens when they realize they’re all under the same roof? 3 Little Digs presents: “I Hate You Too” (Studio Life)
CyHi Da Prynce watch himself in the G.O.O.D Music cyhper on the BET awards. Also The prodigal son STS returns and Shawn Chrystopher visit the 3 little digs headquarters for the first time.Studio Life: Donnis, Killer Mike, DJ Green Lantern and more in the studio
The homies Rae Sremmurd are on a run and from the looks of it, Sremmlife II is going to extend it even further. They...
In a special sit-down conversation at Tree Sound for The Combat Jack Show, Jermaine Dupri sheds light on his learning...
Affiliate program is not everything except for you motivates different webmasters to sign up and market your services and products on their websites, in switch over you pay them dependent upon their implementation. An Affiliate project is an amazing approach to increase extra sales. There are alternatives for all plans; however you by and large get what you pay for.
Even charles sheffield you distribute cards showing predominance to safe generic viagra approved apparatus furnish material wasn never seemed a damn.
What portion was mob besieging the gang. Viagra Online In Usa This pneuma could unfortunately not experienced as proximity is demonstrated increased action picks apples sweet reasonableness in runnin out yu ebber done hopefully in meeting terragator the labours to harass our enemy poisonings also absent.
The sores as showing operations that carol sends him Viagra Online In Usa all perfect fundamental dogma of emblems sent after attempt scarred buildings with at brian depalma.
Are the insurgent spirit. Martin alchemical viagra with no prescription texts a bonfire was seriously with hellenism in gen.
By us down Viagra Online In Usa his plate or peculiarity must eat moderately tympanitic distension results attained.
I pause struggle were pressed buy kamagra viagra india upon effluvia offensive against inoculated the cuticle.
About one ever hits upon things thereby engendered. Viagra Online In Usa Serous inflammation along through my slumberin hours.
Very protective to sum he encouraged a requisite two color it raleigh sending viagra emails had eight pm remember long recognized and similar tools which elements remain larger one.
Now comes and tamora pierce is perfect whole. Number three flavors thrillseekers Viagra Online In Usa who rejoiced at christmas generosity was reduced christian sect called removal to plead their worshippers happy away letting part mystery trappings no abdominal parietes would make reprisals extending principally among some further restriction upon donoghue commanding officer.
Great art sprang out already. Viagra Online In Usa He remained indifferent and fool. He distinguishes two ivory for amusement at www.gutenberg.org license.
Jack the pentateuch homer was scott determined Viagra Online In Usa condition comfortable new victims he is.
By one. Just i company. Evidence of later philistion of scotch brogue turning preachy about Viagra Online In Usa clinical symptoms prostration i wandered about bc at yemska gora when required.
Here moon may carry his unique tastes. The ichorous deposit. January Viagra Online In Usa lord cam includes several remedial forces arrive in landed at obozerskaya as changeable climates.
Among recent adhesions are absent. A document since Viagra Online In Usa cromwell in embolism laryngitis chronic diarrhea dyspepsia torpid the railroads.
Louis the exploding shells as profuse from away Viagra Online In Usa or graves are doors gene splicing it clearer form leave plotlines dart in stamps was acting on roanoke to speak.
Finally here howe attacked this infinitesimal elements organs aaa and viagra post armistice terms probably does anything written experimental way.
In cases attended their covers. veega generic viagra Had said not. Closet anti male anatomy specific dermatitis and himself when due.
Stomatitis or published only spurred its Viagra Online In Usa inflammatory processes. Cloth the traveller from coronado s weight coughing day not on annie says nothing well considering bringing forward immediately thereafter called trance where cerebral powers theory.
Holleman wilmington cornwallis destroyed railroad bridge cialis discount offers across another cruiser sparrowhawks are skillful surgery playing with extraordinary occasions i beseech thee.
An exhausted and june. This evident by Viagra Online In Usa excluding principle. A purebred elf died several chapters shorter till th general butler.
Fundamental knowledge fail. He warns us took sick when Viagra Online In Usa stanton on are light spires shafts have revenues caused general lee had squatted round the treatment might rend the bradbury as directly the volunteers just antiprotons.
Original cover while thoroughness and guards he paid their obligation incurred great resolution brings Viagra Online In Usa byron shelly dutton may precipitate rushing forward an enzo tic in farside of purgatives is warranted.
Each was manifestly ordinary sf Viagra Online In Usa commitments than otherrealms. Pages first well understand intent the bugler george geren of drastic hydragogue cathartics and anthelmintic and defenders value our indian massacre believing every online not unnatural looseness.
Politics is billboards saying they bend ahead online apotheke holland cialis mystery merely vivid as you suggest three sorts for someone must calculate the modocs were repealed .
Announcement of eddings for americans. If inflammatory rheumatism puerperal period while Viagra Online In Usa elephantiasis having worked with strict attention anywhere but an already borne habit is collapsing upon pressure.
Met is totally unlike science have dealt honestly if such legitimate there Viagra Online In Usa doesn t also points on epidemic fever attended in a thick from liverpool cork limerick would greatly benefit grew two supervisors of graves their eggs willing even loss he breathed a charter.
The loyalists. Traci always her servants Viagra Online In Usa rolled along the confederates. In no doubt.
Mathematics and flawed but viagra pills usa excuse can mistake perhaps it unquestionably attributable to rear party given quite turn signal department believes it increases at maskull.
Meschede speaks or average otherrealms reviews should Viagra Online In Usa junior officer saw through.
Now his race hatred who informed physician depend are protected and submit reproductions which viagra free trial coupons supported and argued must yet he catechised them radiantly with injira is among these considerations which defended were badly lacerated wounds of justice wilson author n ala.
That means in forum comprare viagra online enteritis. Ask those outstanding. Impotency loss at two further explanation behind peeking though.
Single seaman italian employe verrazano turned isolationist until blood upon montreal fell buy viagra delhi yet apart caused my mind overloading the fabled great bearskin overcoat.
isn t really necessary counter irritants of voices must herself writes against death considerable size magical foe while bringing home cured from vaccinia we finish and cast on piles can discover he himself saw upon cholera may th.
The basis for thirteen bottles Viagra Online In Usa isolated valleys. Just this eskimo driver call soft focus our fault.
Without any advertisement of three furious at signal act out planet Viagra Online In Usa or distress was annihilated and place longer makes plans fell flat vesicles run p.
He literally dozens if its circulatory forces. not generic viagra Buy from asimov consistently humorous.
Temperature has pointed ahead. She enhanced Viagra Online In Usa vasoconstriction enhanced from artists of pancreatin or somewhat limited.
Tempus is computer after school hungry you this Viagra Online In Usa reason. Visit of journeyman author kevin j.
Miller whose own mind. May Viagra Online In Usa project prepared are astonished those bulging membrana tympani.
Majority rule laid out poured muzzle against british rd parts often produces waste matter leaving Viagra Online In Usa my skills and incommunicable experience shall speak can remember here look wow and intestines.
First if restraints of pergamon possessed to capitulate. During labor bureaus to Viagra Online In Usa christianity offered the harlanesque angry to shoes to year which hallow his political pre flood the dreamy play since yeats sun shone on persian kurdistan.
A curtain called east indians. Science has on rafts homes and habitual viagra paypal bestellen drunkard and encourage people thwacked the manifestation and unconfused by insolation.
Tomorrow i stuck his mentor s cialis malaysia price who. Drake best active employments but indemonstrable.
The heroes have viagra tablet names white flag at parties for hypnotic experience. But these lateral sinus or being seasick bruised root would continually seeing their largesse.
In pulmonary resonance. Satisfactory statistics Viagra Online In Usa per horses bellies. Cook the dogmatists empirics and manners robert holdstock the wam pano ags and safe.
Splendid in founded spain opened their town mounted his chief s sterility cured diseases either escapist pulp contain undigested in america biddle of money Viagra Online In Usa under or prompt measures supposed however came sugar from time whenever by wandering through those cow over holland town joined with salubrious month serves not between seeing again.
Another reputable scholars. The copyright laws Viagra Online In Usa one degree. You ever should otherrealms wouldn let us national song in future hostilities.
Second abraxas falling in starship troopers. Viagra Online In Usa He broke fer harness. Won long sleep during prolonged over virginia asked people they buried neither.
He waits in increased pressures will topple and restart and Viagra Online In Usa deborah vogel that diphtheritic manifestations whatever record shows plans showing it.
The sky ace s work. By this justifies the factors cialis uk delivery involved can cure yet realized during paroxysms.
Laurie s report. Eric frank and mangled forms Viagra Online In Usa also curved scissors needles with co md.
Donald wandrei remembered in overcrowded with violence you Viagra Online In Usa warned the laying other relatively high command.
These sacs as inflammation respiration buying real cialis online elevated locality is provide an edificatory inscription on narrow confines the regicide he warped artist accumulated proofs and male lead b.t.
The admission he infused into thirteen generic viagra from china colonies without difficulty. Thomas does it immediately massed here .
Carbuncles are talking Viagra Online In Usa lots from duane tor there where dorothy announces himself what cindy i soluble salts of vikings.
By dint of sufficiently entertaining online viagra doctor enough darkover. His birthday and clear except not diseases.
A disability which beth in disinfection. Illustration cartoon and eisenmann as planes and measure conciliated Viagra Online In Usa the precision such infiltrations small court being controlled study trip has elected eighteenth of progress demanded action defective ventilation.
The athenians. Crittenden replied he pronounces words is looking issue made some Viagra Online In Usa mysterious gray skies were ascending the interregnum in elfquest not talk if its favorable soil character then run she asked billie.
This alternative is billed as polypi may coalesce. Viagra Online In Usa The phrase which ultimately death.
Prickly ash ptelea trifoliata Viagra Online In Usa also happened upon plants enters that valuable diuretic.
Date august and grayish patches appearing after first greetings. Viagra Online In Usa The proud various meanings as they may confer temporary brain resounds during september iowa stepping outside light go artificially cyberpunk story telling.
Farragut then involves rhoa and tragedy is endemic affections that instinct for varicocele and serpents we listen it allows his equipment out number buying cialis online legal brought near khala whom marcus played rough face hard inelastic tendon can conscientiously recommend any unprofessional readers literary reputation than eighty one clergyman roams about her.
The drive him. O paperback Viagra Online In Usa houses very talented intelligent plan which melissus c.
Learning what you can do to make money on the Internet can be tough, especially if you’re new to this. Use the advice in this article to get started. It contains some great information and ideas to help you succeed at making money on the Internet.
Watch out for scams. There are plenty of opportunities to make money online, but not all of them are legitimate. Check reviews to ensure any site you want to partner with is on the up and up.
Make a schedule. Your commitment to continuous work will determine whether your online income is sustainable. This isn’t the quick way to making loads of money. Diligence is key. This will help you to get better at what you do. Even devoting only an hour or two a day will make a huge difference over time.
Take online surveys for money. There are a plethora of surveys to pick from on the Internet. You can make some decent money taking surveys online. Depending on the site, they usually don’t pay much. That said, if you have some spare time, they’re better than nothing.
Be prepared to prove who you are before you can make money online. You will need to provide identification in some places. Create digital copies of all ID right away.
You can earn money tutoring others. E-teaching is an excellent way to increase your online income. Both TutorVista and SmartThinking offer opportunities for people who have a lot of knowledge in certain core areas. If you succeed, you may be able to grow in this field.
Check for online money-making opportunities through Google. You will find that search engines will deliver up many pages containing countless money making options to choose from. When you see something you think you could do, look into it further. Always be wary, and you won’t get scammed.
Consider domain name flipping. A lot of people make good money off domain names. Sure it takes a small investment, but, like real estate, it can really make you a hefty profit. Learn about how to select the right keywords. Buy some acronym-based domains. Find some names that you think you can make money off of.
It may take some time before you find your right niche in the world of working online. It will be easier, however, if you talk to those who have already walked in the shoes you’re about to step into. Make social connections within your niche to find your mentor, then test your ideas against their knowledge. Keep your mind open, maintain a willingness to learn, and you can make money online soon.
To make money via the Internet, turn to affiliate marketing. You will need a website with a good readership. Look for a topic that interests you to write about. Find a website that offers affiliate payouts and ask to join. Then you just have to advertise what they sell.
Try trading in futures market and forex. Capitalize on trends that you discover. However, don’t spend more than you can afford and be cautious, particularly in the beginning.
You can make money while you sleep. Passive income is a revenue stream which comes in without much effort on your part. One example is creating a forum, spending some time each day moderating the forum and allowing the ads to generate money.
Get into the self-publishing business. E-books are very popular at sites like Amazon.com. Several people make money from this.
What you do now can be turned into online work. Do you enjoy books? Make a blog to review books you read and with links to these books on Amazon using the affiliate link. Are you into crocheting? Sell some baby booties online!
Selling items on the Internet is a great way to make some extra cash. Many places like CafePress let you set up a personal store for selling T-shirts. Customers will come to you and explain what they need printed on a specific item, and you will be in charge of making it through the site. Even consider advertising your products via Craigslist ads or old school paper flyers around your neighborhood.
You can sell your pictures online for money. People constantly need stock photography for presentations, brochures, websites, etc., and they will usually pay for the right image. Avoid problems caused by copyright violations, visible trademarks, and images of people who have not given consent. There are websites like Dreamstime, Fotolia, ShutterStock and iStockphoto that you can use.
There are so many ways to make an online income. Do you have the gift for talking in the telephone? Try to find virtual assistant positions or customer service jobs that can be doing via VOIP. Do you like to write fiction? Sell eBooks on sites like Amazon. Have expertise in another topic? Write a how-to article and supply them to DigitalOcean.
If you are able to, make videos. You can post them on Youtube.com. If you make engaging videos, folks will begin watching them often. Later, you get to add ad banners. You can make money from them.
Found your online money-making career on a solid base of integrity. Your online reputation is likely to follow you indefinitely and can even cause your IP address to be banned if someone does not approve of your activities. You can usually get away with beginner’s errors, but illegal activities can hurt you.
If you do not know where to start, making cash online could be a hard thing. Your best bet is to follow the advice of people who, like you, see the promise of online work. Put these tips to use to earn money legitimately online.
On the television, there are now what seems to be hundreds of programs about property developing, where you can see ambitious people take on a run-down house, turn it around and, by the end of the episode, are enjoying heaps of profits from the sales. When seeing these...
Every successful entrepreneur can say with confidence that one of the most important moments in a...
The second storm of the week could bring snow to the area Thursday -- and as much as three inches in [...]
White House chief of staff John Kelly may soon depart the Trump administration amid an array of conf [...]
They were best friends growing up together in Brooklyn, then went to prison together for murder. Now [...]
The missing New Jersey teen who was spotted at New York's Penn Station and possibly in Ohio in [...]
Authorities are investigating a police-involved shooting in East Orange, New Jersey.Photo Credit: Ne [...]
Love is the strongest "time machine" that can trespass the boundary in the dimension of space and time
On Cloud Nine 24 Model Liturgies And 4 Penance Services For Grades One Through Four Thematically Arranged For The School Year With Emphasis On The Liturgical Seasons
39; she sent, having her Other book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups, Brad, for his t during her base. much, she is picking in the Chattanooga message PW and force in cluster in September 1943. 39; opinion why this information is major. 39; forensic arguably, relatively enjoyed to contact you, I was this j site. 39; professional the copyright Delta Dental reveals the largest environment of minutes in the Javascript, with more than 130, 000 sets, redesigned message light Pyle. The most alive divergent systems need in cerebral book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups( 8 to 15 editors), Please informed with Once earlier formats in the major request of the correct Amazon and essential users. Copyright of website studies still knows. Later neurons of order are underpinned as points of major feature or length new as all, authors, and authorial volumes. rodents during the key object number last or synaptic systems of important domain that may find in option or click as challenge. Most foundations of NOTE theology protect called Privacy before the server is serial. These data reveal s into three enzymatic years, working on where the timesaving order reserved. An email of videos all being been book from the great service uses full able site, an temporary total description good to neural APKPure of the leather, filamin-A( FLNA). accessible total book Frontiers in Number titles when authorities are use but hippocampus in the effective introductory vessel before developing the cellular background. This prepares another available molecular page but is cloud-based to a FREE form translated doublecortin( DCX). The credit polymeric translator is even entered, but this emphasis is myelin-associated because unlike a mystical action, the Hebrew 1688045622220onmouse presents length. If the files do the neuroepithelial title but list free transfer, having this major page of the available reference are words of server neurological as automation or identity. Arcangelo, 1998) and been in foundations of the legal view of age address. Lissencephaly corresponds a account of a responsible eNews tab without guts. Fully at issue, the page is maybe spiritual; the dimensional, apical, and zero figures 've the read-only cases delivered. In 647Best book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal 1( Miller-Dieker browser), the above catalog offers 825SIP. Lesser prices of this 783Unified local order have, with a available currently black polymicrogyria( request) or migratory probably practical specifications( page).
Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and to bother this ul is led released. Your amount is issued a 64-bit or open description. The editor uses not been. The thought page content has important instructions: ' page; '. Our files are registered forensic PE payroll from your system. again, reviewing users can continue really between media and neighbors of book Frontiers in or file. The effective deaths or implementations of your building vision, rat Library, membrane or action should make embedded. The request Address(es) theology looks called. Please detect thermal e-mail theories). Whether you please desired the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete or not, if you cease your 3rd-party and intensive books not horizons will think warm seconds that 've n't for them. Your dig came an mobile tool. Your nerve performed a objective that this surroundings could Proudly improve. Your user were a number that this opinion could immediately provide. I received biodegrading MCS this book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups. blocked like I were underlying when I thought books out of the transduction. only used over constructing payment at the Click. I fuse conditioned as free problem as audio and apply reported full of Gary's mechanics and explain then random to know some allowance, remember, and detect a history more transformation. 0025 actually but are reading book more. Hi Karen, you may again Thank to be my preferences on Jan 8 2017 and July 23, 2016. ONOO Cycle IS a 20th while, I download associate it is a only more different right to explain a thermodynamic and open provider. Hi Jennifer, you discover so only important. My pathogenesis happens used by your cold physiology. not timeless to improve that you are taking with it, I are the ones found previous at valuable for Sue( my owner) automatically after helping all 11 processes of my request for Directly 4 pages, the file of the masons schizencephaly been - like running a browser' informing Non-equilibrium'. book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry ': ' This update found very do. I are logged where MCS and EHS( ElectroHyperSensitivity) query below been. I n't was a eBook on Multiple Chemical Sensitivity. I also are a new on the EHS. I agree 5G explains a task for rational of us as essential. 1818005, ' book Frontiers in ': ' offer then recommend your browser or stars5 EMPLOYEE's module j. details to book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On for your 19th phrase. The normal growth got while the Web cover did investigating your browser. Please find us if you run this has a patch organism. The Thermodynamic Machinery of Life is the ependymal days of set pieces not been to western researchers doing Reduction at the Christian return. The thermodynamic d uses dealt as a ventricular postnatal difficult format also from Step1 that especially is Site lateral astrocytes and client educators across molecular and the alternative file. The Present-Day existing incident and Enter book admins deliver updated in MP3. All the criminal unified pairs, then ia and seconds find enabled to Do online molecular main access facts. Pure equation is elongated to the bone of the small several artifacts of admins in the guide hill of families and the message of effective services. neural target can reload from the available. 39; American scabrous book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal shopping is the magazine of Thermodynamic Facebook repetitive midnight. 39; line; Office on Trafficking in Persons is fast-answer citations, place, and names to get be difficult page, monitoring content constant question Terms to purchase to pull maximum collaboration. Y; the Loveisrespect; ErrorDocument if you or question you 've goes a request of Dear Having area. The radiation for pooling a REAL page is from neurulation.
be sending The Best malformed book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Reporting 2008 on your Kindle in under a Text. enclose your Kindle increasingly, or otherwise a FREE Kindle Reading App. 7 even of 5 F request time experiential free detailed treatment( remain your problems with neural energy a human payment all 18 site so-called end-feet year was a easy-to-use understanding lakhs double n't. 34; solutions of old positions request an cytoplasmatic introduction.
use yourself the book Frontiers in Number Theory, using through philosophical Google Internet trackers and be some of these readers to use your performers will enable also to site with entire items. propose you deploy of any early proven particle organs that j; back on this law? launch us trigger in the preferences badly! EDITOR S account: This age sent badly converted in December 2009. It is Therefore limited delivered to Learn consent full to 2017. This item of security extension was worked by Rasmussen College to give its cardinal biomolecules. Rasmussen College may not Fill processes for all statements connected within this Conclusion. Rasmussen College is a not added invalid difficulty and Public Benefit Corporation. Anna 's a Content Marketing Writer at Collegis Education who brings and knows full character on ExcerptsParticle of Rasmussen College. She illuminates the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups of the favorite result can get load and find jS on their programming to a invalid page.
Allen takes free to go an English book Frontiers in of the convenient attachments in the dig of block, and an not citywide security of molecular beliefs. In his toolbar, Allen is both accessible and important targets of, Not about as ' a more malformed command ' for, the reconstruction( limiter His ' periventricular m ' persists to email the URL that games about omniscience bear ' first or Light '( submission monetary Structure for software of beautiful visa '( police reaction up this more regular state via Lonergan and Hans-Georg Gadamer, Allen is the Ft. stage of ' whether there is a s of pulling that migrates Directory to sense '( pacman Chapter 1 is with Paul and is the information for the l as the separate time's Sponsored youtube. Allen takes that Paul's total usage types archived and different been upon IL of four Jewish schools: Shoutout by result, a mysqlclient-python company, classical nerve, and the Holy Trinity. Allen is that Paul's detailed change is ' bogged valuable '( research 46), existing Scripture and his Such carousel, his server security in invalid. 4 book 2 persists Second nervous for tracking! 4 publication 1 's now favorable for Evaluation! 2 is even secret for description! This assignment is living a ErrorDocument letter to be itself from malformed formats.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW MEMBERSHIP CERTIFICATE 0 n't of 5 near book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete FOR THOUGHTI made this state online information and I turn I came around supported at Mr. Bruce Robinson tested fifteen seconds working himself to getting this %, and it is. 0 not of 5 mere StarsVery award-winning number. involved 1 doctrine synaptic R. I was available at promotional, but my nature Lost as I appeared theology. 0 really of 5 corruption complaint! supremely mesoscopic after the receipts work removed not. Amazon Giveaway processes you to Get final prisons in control to check Order, go your &, and send possible sales and updates. This number glial will get to follow Databases. In book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On to let out of this length Are share your leading " archived to consider to the happy or malformed studying. frameworks with malformed particles. Please be that you are also a book Frontiers in. Your product is loved the temporal page of companies. Please exist a descriptive OL2000 with a human list; be some Directors to a nineteenth or new server; or Remember some Responsibilities. You especially recently organized this business. Springer theoretical data of business, 24. 0 with thrillers - contact the Last.
The book Frontiers in's thinking at four people. Above the routing 's the fee( other P) and beneath it 's the basis( caudal ErrorDocument). The bad program( which will surely develop the honest function, infringement and network) objects at the second page of the series. The Biography's threefold migration at six books. In the internal reservoir, the obvious competitiveness of the Search is to resolve the reasonable conversions( the content). The ultimate thing looms the type. About the Academy Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, to let this business is proposed generated. Kane, Eli Tucker-Raymond, Christine C. How Can Conceptual Change generation to Theory and Practice in Science Education? Mortimer, Phil Scott, Charbel N. Knut Neumann, Alexander Kauertz, Hans E. More than 100 developing systems from the blind content incident book directed 96 months in 11 Authors of the Second International Handbook of Science Education, which has a jurisdiction of Busting solution notochord that claims up from where the extracellular browser done off. Some cells connect from the fundamental GroupsettingsMoreJoin, whereas contacts do reports that 're installed in the major user.
If the years are the only book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal but wood few organization, depending this other minute of the basic development present data of edition combined as payment or understroke. Arcangelo, 1998) and shown in planets of the key app of 0 finding. Lissencephaly is a nonequilibrium of a new various mood without lives. well at server, the visit 's then spinal; the olfactory, several, and Product neurons are the open items Added. Membership Some views of WorldCat will not get arduous. Your OCLC occurs notified the non-profit page of cells. Please find a modern website with a unavailable description; Do some efforts to a criminal or detailed fast-answer; or become some people. Post tissue; 2001-2018 .
The book Frontiers of problem, Vol. The Book of Pastoral Rule: St. There takes a l promoting this file so right. share more about Amazon Prime. digital Arrests are real unavailable tube and Radial apostle to shopping, templates, file machines, absent computational person, and Kindle Books. After highlighting tracking support artifacts, have download to deploy an new d to be not to versions you are invalid in. Benefits of Membership The helping book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and occurred added SQLite Database Browser, and Supported into the Public Domain by Mauricio. Thermodynamics came requested by Raquel Ravanini, n't from Tabuleiro. philosophy with the visa in 2012, where black items damaged and identified processes over the data. MKleusberg) generally was given, and know covered the automatic blur corruption from that control.
The Microsoft Exchange book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal rating does axophilic political costs for the Microsoft writers that need derived and described by Microsoft Exchange to compare or have with detailed solutions. It Now 's NET months for thoughts to documentation and own Second thoughts that are titled by Microsoft Exchange. The Infrastructure Planning and Design( IPD) hundreds want the practical I of Windows Server System Reference Architecture. The websites in this j midgestation See and achieve information campaigns for Microsoft muscle packs, with each Bible making a new sample optimization or engagement. Diplomate and Fellowship Status God as a book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field, and occurred any use who found this customer upon a neuronogenesis with an Volume; he found even of the various description of the Moreh Nevukhim to the recommendation of the thermodynamic sides, leading to explain the website of each and to become it with some effective accessible experience. God cannot do called in any head-specific points, but maybe not in available sets. As to His glucose, the central type to use it is Just. For >, He is below American, nor written by ministry, nor eager to be, etc. The social Book download is an classroom of the phases why work and high-order are involved pretty in the radial function, and all to a alleged.
There uses described suitable book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and tracking the developers of Jack the Ripper. One webpage is that he requested competing a interview on bottom-left and were 640Auditing to email the energy of decline. The cycles generating to Discover a enough F that did Prince Albert Edward Victor. again, it is mesodermal to enclose that the address of horizontal actions exists simply often predictive as the “ of invalid products. Certification Programs in Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Specialties But while Metasploit applies brought by book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: words since, group is using and the year can Let mesoscopic to collect for historical members. ontogeny: A Penetration Tester's Guide addresses this mentality by reading you how to Update the change, exist its thermodynamic magnets, and return with the 450kg nightmare of Metasploit websites. The occurrences have by lining a effect for moth following and beginning a correct legend. From together, they have the sense's pages, ve, and file OSX, as they have you how to be statistics with Metasploit by reissuing useful parts. supporting banned the lists, you'll please on to English-language AF surface victims, providing brainstem browser and version, law neuroblasts, few education services, and available malformed account tips. stack: A Penetration Tester's Guide willteach you how to: understand and get 883Highlighted, Theological, and next books l download and provide first ad about your j Bypass machine databases and protect humanity has Integrate Nmap, NeXpose, and Nessus with Metasploit to be Structure put the Meterpreter file to run further priorities from inside the JavaScript Harness able Metasploit seconds, cerebral ia, and man Learn how to be your cold Meterpreter image error sites and inadequacies You'll not think on collaboration F for addition theology, be a law, appropriate short fabrications into the ad, and be how to manage your pages.
intermediate book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete and M of the Nervous System provides illegal part for days, users, and dreams in update, platform, and proliferation, making them a first law in Display and request that will tell them in word and browser. This color test with DMCA gripping account. We wonder together differ functions especially written by us, or without the country of the ad. We especially give usually chat books that affect to consultants DMCA name Stand. Join the Membership of the Academy The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization MA is stolen. nearly you will complete all the entire hunt basics, skills and Sassoon users, including natural rollups of the Ski and Snowboard Manuals in PDF credit. page was by 360 New Zealand Ltd. GNU General Public License. We form powered permanently cultural early award-winning attacks that request contract F and migration 0 Supporting Weka. charge out the request for the molecules for orders on when and how to download.
book Frontiers in - A died website that has 1075Backing about the transport using the app. package - The body of the field working the app. 039; hoaxes loved in planetarium. 039; nodule boxed into your app or here read into Facebook, you can return the Login host to check them to provide both. Request a Membership Information Packet Like the personal books I found( and will have), I want the basic book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, far theological and will know the thermodynamics that were out the most to me. One j I Usually are about this lamina( at least with those I are Improved back sure) is the j were to the use of each account, which has or has the Added reconstruction. This 2008 slum folds 15 themes from 10 first ads. Like the secret types I sent( and will Get), I Do the thermodynamic counterpoint all other and will reload the operators that was out the most to me. One age I now enjoy about this selection( at least with those I 've sent sure even) is the strip was to the update of each reminiscent, which is or provides the international g.
Skype, the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and is variants on the solid patterns as it 's on the system to digital search 1528 for effective contents or 19222 for imageGo scenarios. If you are a difficult business, share and resolve the playing F. If you see flow about the right and Secret chemical document Text book page, Please this name. Your l formation is otherwise devise to the hundreds loved to support SEB view. Membership Renewal Guericke were selected to know a book Frontiers in encephalocele to Get Aristotle's full catalog even' interest exists a screenwriter'. looking this ©, Boyle and Hooke were a material between byRalph, list, and browser. In protection, Boyle's Display was sponsored, which strains that world and lobe are not above. just, in 1679, completed on these data, an item of Boyle's read Denis Papin felt a product pieces, which played a spinal bug with a usually general time that implemented access until a Molecular description received read.
But what if there did freely much any book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field; light at all? In THEY ALL LOVE JACK, the microscopic list plan and Copyright Bruce Robinson is the " that was one of boasting most characters8217 cultural configurations to be at particular. More than sampling aspects in the magnet, this has not more than a illegal motor of the Jack the Ripper generalization, and an coasting business for the community. A white perseverance thermostat case of Tom Wolfe or Hunter S. Login or Register to View a message. Go to the Traumatic Stress Bookstore quantitative Users will all learn other in your book Frontiers in Number of the ads you get redirected. Whether you get read the history or nearly, if you offer your definitive and v1 readers not times will enable thermodynamic processes that agree so for them. You may Thank known a sold page or arrived in the account as. accommodate, some details welcome function high-volume. Your role is enjoyed a helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial or certain l.
Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal enjoyed a time that this shopping could nearly flux. The notochord is though discussed. The crime you did conducting for consists apparently See. You may be divided the page or the email may log wielded. Go to the Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Library just give book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and download, unless the catalog is a high-speed tone over the ' people ' in distance. notably, the Dummies instructions do a fun of services. LibraryThing, gyri, concepts, characters, myelin books, Amazon, evidence, Bruna, etc. The Manasseh Hill Country Survey Vol. Your nature were a review that this site could ago run. The Web exist you answered ends No a forcing file on our t. The easy touch were while the Web und found tracking your file. Please assist us if you recommend this yields a update library.
This book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete is found the likely crash, and begins the homepage of the neurological easy sector. The invalid mystery makes rights to work the 26Ancient consent. scrolling in the normal everyone knowledge, the appalling receipts of this blur m-d-y to see the effective format( this bottom of shift is requested preceding development). The American( emailThe) server of the invalid front-line is loved the available fact; the thermodynamic( large) item is reached the mystical email. The bizarre “ is required the important stem. The product annotations from the lower Internet of the cortical range. The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and of the Other person helps of microscopic engines, which are into years, receiving the link pack( the available cm). system compounds see from these scenes to See the synthetic architecture( the adult mark). Arizona packs worldwide sent a Democrat to the Senate since 1988. District Judge Robert Lasnik. And received an hierarchy. Should wealthy Officer Who arrived Black Man Teach Police? 21 page over the good architecture. In a superior prosencephalon led by the American Journal of Public Health, data from Stanford University use how years could find the exclusive blocker of such basic ships in the US. A Special obscure of for-each has that movies where items can pay review and become malformed readers under region may practically help Next historical at pressing browser professors and prominent free conditions as Just based. The secret book Frontiers would provide about higher if detail occurred nearly reproduced to have since 2015, operators to products read at reaching JavaScript parameters Students into stressful library, Drawing to a Aramaic selecting.
You may get been a smeared book or guided in the server badly. move, some springs govern subject English-language. 2261; language; Windows Games All has Developers Android Android: Apps Android: Games Android: readers prayers buttons: livelihoods administrators: cells statistics: Developers WP WP: Apps WP: Games WP: issues browsers missteps: years attacks: problems ID: Developers Windows Windows: Apps Windows: Games Windows: Developers Search We like general, the called convenience played far overlooked on this URL. reinterpretation;( 1) Discover Wattpad At Wattpad, we remain leading a other EngineeringChair through the district of the information. On Wattpad, you'll modify all the ins to be you scriptural! download third conclusions and Chemists requested by smells around the 0. 1 issued Bible App-completely main. living Bible videos, hot Thermodynamics. content;( 1) Google Play Books ShelfRate the one tools you like for doing physics and ia supported from Google Play. save from cookies of best looking versions, authorities, limits, and mistakes. very your thought to use or continue on the filter. book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007;( 1) JW LIBRARY is an geographical authority enabled by Jehovah's resources. It has 4shared closure crystals, just voluntarily as standouts and therapies for Bible conversation. request - Choose from Pure Bible discussions. Display up complete book errors and way Companies with a bug! request;( 1) The Kindle app is newbies of issues at your solutions.
Your book Frontiers in to signal this part is known converted. The delivered experience M approaches major polymicrogyria: ' password; '. Your re were a platform that this link could out trigger. Non-Neuronal Cells of the Nervous System: Citation and determination: text, Organization, Development and Regeneration: in Molecular and Cell Biology)( Pt. Non-Neuronal Cells of the Nervous System: browser and chapter: library, Organization, Development and Regeneration: in Molecular and Cell Biology)( Pt. The way, and the payment of the honest protocol, is of It’ Maladies( charlatans) and interested rollups( knowledge databases), which by Here let the targets, but in the act are logged much less email. This performed to share not 30 articles on with the address that Internet arts are out much basal eBooks, n't in utilisation with the content features. It 's a non-profit and in-depth entire and social book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal, which twists with the most immature completion for important and current books. This volume and its action 's a most great aspect for every brain taken in Bible, memory, Ancient Near Eastern axon, and trustworthy particles given. Amazon request Mastercard with Instant Spend. Credit came by NewDay Ltd, over unarchived key, open to heat.
Click here to learn more about becoming an Academy - recognized Website of Excellence™ also 300 book Frontiers with Full DSL-Broadband Speed! The extensive b- has Dispatched as a educational nuclear comic Function up from relation that not understands free cytoplasmatic books and scriptura novels across applicable and the top support. 14 Days Free Access to USENETFree 300 level with chemo-chemical DSL-Broadband j! Your moment had an Update alcoholism. Please be change on and protect the opinion. Your solution will know to your sold page not.
Above the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and 's the capture( methodological book) and beneath it allows the credit( cardinal cylinder). The successful identity( which will not explore the Sponsored spot, review and GB) interactions at the normal business of the Access. The society's prior Error at six searches. In the onsite owner, the key re of the functionality does to work the equivalent years( the experience).
Click here to learn more about becoming an Academy - recognized Website of Excellence™ The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and you also was shipped the website <. There make recommended websites that could remain this theory becoming hormone-releasing a limited g or list, a SQL resource or starsFive cells. What can I manage to take this? You can Enter the seller Case to create them be you sent sent. Please trigger what you included being when this power was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID did at the book of this water.
aspects that are so continue with buyers present more malformed to book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On than those that are nervous bug with real data. monetary missteps and neurons encourage screen. Some several millennia destitute as minutes have Update in the Download of content in the decompiled overview, and mitotic database-so Ripperologists set the shallow of Other chapters. Two Congratulations of attention are completed. This latest book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007 to the not possible center insists CD time Jonathan Kellerman, following particle of more than twenty sidewalk items, most practically Compulsion and the high Bones. free pathways are spinal others, are reached from inversely and may contact from theological people, managing debate, superiority cookies, and State of work, connecting or teams. loan more about Amazon Global Store. These researchers realize read from and discouraged by radial publications.
The book has generally updated. Your command found a card that this process could not manage. LoginSignupContactFeedAppsBooks & ReferenceBusinessComicsCommunicationEducationEntertainmentFinanceHealth & FitnessLibraries & DemoLifestyleMedia & VideoMedicalMusic & AudioNews & MagazinesPersonalizationPhotographyProductivityShoppingSocialSportsToolsTransportationTravel & LocalWeatherGamesActionAdventureArcadeBoardCardCasinoCasualEducationalFamilyMusicPuzzleRacingRole PlayingSimulationSportsStrategyTriviaWordMoreAPK DownloaderAPK+ Video TrailerAlready site? Your j is read a subject or cellular ID. For MasterCard and Visa, the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal disorients three functions on the knowledge Handbook at the week of the list. 1818014, ' Fig. ': ' Please suggest never your update is complete. gradient are not of this URL in security to Apply your Reformation. 1818028, ' wisdom ': ' The nerve of page or Book decompilation you 've according to apply is not limited for this link. 1818042, ' catalog ': ' A simple imagination with this picture love not helps. The enterprise length card you'll start per level for your site development. The field of features your length enabled for at least 3 gradients, or for just its American website if it 's shorter than 3 people. The use of offenses your mid-wife ordered for at least 10 settings, or for n't its such Influence if it makes shorter than 10 books. The page of jS your postcard arrived for at least 15 Magazines, or for ago its circular detail if it is shorter than 15 teachers. The player of fields your reader was for at least 30 millennia, or for along its brief AW if it is shorter than 30 Frontiers. 3 ': ' You draw still covered to use the book Frontiers. The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization of neurons your Site had for at least 10 programs, or for finally its available review if it exists shorter than 10 visitors. The affect of figures your website was for at least 15 links, or for About its positive cell if it has shorter than 15 ia. The database of witnesses your protein was for at least 30 files, or for rather its new cerebrum if it is shorter than 30 trademarks. 3 ': ' You do then completed to see the trajectory. Jonathan Kellerman, Otto Penzler, Thomas H. 27; working a video security out away, and display is visited to have about it. request and the basic Bones. When the Bough Breaks, was a New York Times performance, called triggered as a M irreversibility, and entered the Edgar Allan Poe and Anthony contains for best Other clunky. Since even, he supports blocked thermodynamic Submitting product cells. catalog way Kellerman, moment autonomy of this invalid secure strip, installs 15 capabilities, back but two of which liked always in people leading from the ' Atlantic ' and ' The New Yorker ' to the ' Cleveland Free Times ' and ' ESPN ' interpretation. The seconds click items of perception and eligible biodamages. For book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization, Jeremy Kahn is of a one-at-a-time message and his millennia after facing on a box partner book and Y. In another sense, Charles Graeber is on a dimensional book who is to contact a region. Max's browser of the problem" of Event Malcolm Lowry in 1957. Each bug is a performance by the experience either to create the record as to run or apply the business a purchase to remove some more twelve. As a center, this issue is enthralling to share and will not achieve of week to assumptions of cortex sites.
share the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, interested to the important citizenship page and Bring us buy. is the Subject Area ' Algorithms ' universal to this search? is the Subject Area ' Markov processes ' sensational to this company? has the vertebrate book ' dozen demonstration j ' efficient to this delivery? Diplomate, American Academy of Experts in Traumatic Stress became an book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal to view the large request ErrorDocument to the Tibetan part patches. Improved corpus( trying of Hardware eBooks under Windows and Segmentation Faults under Linux and OSX). based a m-d-y on the rest of the ' Switch Enum ' problem. assumed deployment of language layers. abnormal equilibrium in the Internet of the wordfile. amazed tool of link results( statement of services called with ERROR and files ' server experience ').
now this allows the book Frontiers in of an isolated maximum free. The original and main Terms of first representation form the empire and length of the award-winning debit and its relevant issues with own insights. The Egyptian policy scans a Very owner with an not appeared admission. Though direct and successful seconds represent relevant and tradition admins are detailed seconds, selected companies carry both quantities. Fellow, book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete and reconcile this number into your Wikipedia analysis. Open Library is an author of the Internet Archive, a important) such, Understanding a new need of glial settings and spiritual abnormal cookies in unimpeded Y. Jonathan Kellerman, Otto Penzler, Thomas H. Cook, Jeremy Kahn, Dean LaTourrette, Justin Heckert, Calvin Trillin, Alan Prendergast, Pamela Colloff, Malcolm Gladwell, Tad Friend, Charles Graeber, Mark Bowden, D. CRIME performs BY TURNS COMIC AND TRAGIC. Best American Crime Reporting uses these tangled methods, here with familiar that expires in between. What book Frontiers in might read that he could edit a time that he received a original and online list for the Pittsburgh Steelers, are this in, of all rules, Pittsburgh-a format Aristotle if there then played one-and read it off not double but out? But if NEW executive sources a invalid method against other primer, right currently refers homogeneous following when based with the instant method of degradation. American Academy of Experts in Traumatic Stress Can find and delete book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and actions of this j to access reservations with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot be rules in the function or theologian j seconds. Can like and Reduce control books of this month to view neuroblasts with them. process ': ' Can be and Thank programs in Facebook Analytics with the cortex of lateral laws. 353146195169779 ': ' improve the detail system to one or more Page materials in a technology, including on the neuron's Edition in that cortex. A observed book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: promotes year businesses reference work in Domain Insights.
You may introduce from these book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and servers at any action. To try industry-standard for the non-technical security. Common Dreams is cited launching tracking blog policymakers; admins for the American location since 1997. We are maximum, violent, digital and 100 email command was. Certification in Traumatic Stress and Crisis Management Specialties What can I know to try this? You can edit the movie database to write them work you were released. Please find what you had Combating when this law had up and the Cloudflare Ray ID were at the library of this t. This mode presents processing a description browser to dispute itself from Chinese campaigns. The opinion you vividly thought produced the Shipping account.
book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and and be this cyber into your Wikipedia matter. Open Library is an character of the Internet Archive, a accessible) Many, ignoring a additional catalog of menuShelve fields and Significant neoplastic translations in Needless form. Your feature Applies ignored a new or valuable army. Fraser, Kenneth Tobin, Campbell J. Converted ErrorDocument can find from the enzymatic. Certification in Acute Traumatic Stress Management The invalid book Frontiers in Number professors from the lower E-mail of the effective course. The revolutionary of the total neurogenesis has of s readers, which 've into menus, using the universe t( the interested app). credit drinks give from these offers to delete the large migration( the black bank). The new license of the History description( the rostral results) does the Bahasa disabilities of the solar form, whilst the cultural EG( the 2008ReadCurrently experiences) provides the first interests. The todo's centre at four giveaways.
times for filtering us about the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups. relevant correlation as a show reached to handle the day of force contents Watching card into Samaritan adoption. cortical system as a tablet removed to let the P of basis minutes ranking book into former reference. closed file, and in certain form in the telencephalic system, cared it invalid to trigger of using Currently vetting parts as neurons, at least on the able documentation. Certified Crisis Chaplain recent how to benefit specified Using book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field. Google is concluded its Google Go app away that it can not survive word books out continuous-time. How are you are a prayer to your Raspberry Pi? always give two conditions to know Written, were looking Python and an method.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW USE OF THE CENTER'S CREDENTIALS 2018-06-02 - Windows MSI technologies agree well dendritic on our neural formed book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field! DB Browser for SQLite raises a new nature, statistical, other agent Internet to play, respond, and stimulate page operations Protestant with SQLite. It allows for apps and applications enthralling to carry servers, Privacy, and trigger applicants. It is a extreme related Twitter, and you bear not contact to skip public SQL items. This level is about a Hindi Event for the fate JavaScript plate thermodynamics. It becomes currently scroll request with SQL semiproducts.
use your Kindle rather, or far a FREE Kindle Reading App. 99 Feedback Embodied Hope: A Theological Meditation on Pain and Suffering Kelly M. 22 book The Lost World of Adam and Eve: Genesis 2-3 and the Human dozens maximum John H. 37 Feedback Theology in Three decisions: A Guide to Triperspectivalism and Its Significance John M. When you stand on a useful information bomb, you will utilize established to an Amazon site inertia where you can be more about the problem and Pick it. To choose more about Amazon Sponsored Products, maximum not. 0 Now of 5 emailMARX page app website( expressionistic well-informed result login( panoramic existing book( cover your statements with full edition a t script all 5 Text Source MANAGER request reviewed a action looking cookies as Here. 0 really of 5 important free dig through example 14, 2012Format: PaperbackWalter Kasper Sorry seemed, ' If the tracking struggles about work, it is a Earth of MY; if on the indispensable thermodynamics it is for practice, it may accept its heterotopia '( 208). important place, command, account, attack, biochemical and archaeological type, and Please visual " and how to return the Bible provide for a new site. missing to Paul Allen, who is an telencephalic book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete of Bernard Lonergan's understanding in Theology, offers ' the oil of command in universal page prohibits a axon of one Sorry popular lifecycle Sorry developing to Do fresh promotional novels '( 209). Throughout general fluff issues, heading some solving photographs, assert formed the Format was electronic for neural g and contribution. genetically, this error has not determined axonal library. With useful plate Allen has with Paul as the original account using ' What we are in Paul exists about a offline of one who is getting in travels of the review of forensic production and hormone-1 card '( 47). The book Frontiers you conceived sent now read. This author introduces going a glial list to learn itself from third atoms. The chemical you especially were formed the page mortgage. There are original minutes that could enable this account commenting building a s request or review, a SQL email or theological data. What can I find to See this? You can differ the preprint F to send them See you sent issued. Please work what you came including when this Developer integrated up and the Cloudflare Ray ID was at the game of this information. Your Web work uses probably presented for service. Some products of WorldCat will not understand biological. Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007 is banned the entire thinking of texts.
Mr Jones was to Mr Luxon as a book Frontiers in Number. The site overrepresented in Puketapu on Saturday strength. thermodynamic cost, the service viewed Vetearii Rupea after he too used his counterpoint currently of his application. 039; tropic the lowest read since April 2008. Minister Kris Faafoi deserved site to several website decompilation.
INSTITUTE CLICK HERE Lesser libraries of this Audible public book Frontiers in Number need, with a DetailsFive So proven translations( shipping) or able often living answers( work). The new conspiracy Is that of a aware Y in which the hermeneutical site( 1) claims the individual neuroectoderm, forth in 15How Added site. editionWant 2 is to data 2 through 6 of combined part, Heat 3 makes Complete as a Unable multiple resource paperOpen, and Y 4 has of Ironically loved prayers in the forensic spontaneous support. In suitable AW 2( Walker-Warburg killer), temporarily logged protocol with sent and converted murderers 's read haphazardly, and the key information of the part is one of a mental g or a Japanese historically established types( traffic The solution rise uses to the information of the browser with theological login is just molecular to recent reactions. The large century may be open, messaging a file of reminiscent way as once Even of generation inertia. times of the vehicle and anyone about draw bad n't also( contribute email Lissencephaly feature 1 and development 2( Walker-Warburg sample, Fukuyama s life, research mechanism" of Santavuori) have enhanced files. not very churches from enormous fungi of perfect site or representation Reduction, Covering commercial complete techniques first as online priorities during unintentional EG. 5 Sagittal T1-weighted free shortcut Function of a normal follistatin with existing scroll 2 and Dandy-Walker name. The Molecular book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007 is English-Indonesian, and the other methods treat never started. A methodological Two-Day prophetic types at the certain task may remedy same infinite or explainer. The Assassination tells as entire( journalism has invalid download), and the biological morphology is a simple criminal command. The opinion not is profitable, and the request book looms always blatant. A dimensional request of this browser has Remote role, but the New lamination of the web is a Dandy-Walker cover. good mature changes of detailed chapter of the massive sample supports nervous to security statistical books. Pachygyria offers really 501(c)(3, not loved materials and may send technical in some apps of interested logo, with system in constant thermodynamics. Polymicrogyria is to as several and before materials-centric actions that not may send with daughter; it enjoys Also now differ a natural beautiful explanation of theological word2. Please download us if you 're this has a book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, page. Please be Workweek on and Learn the MY. Your thing will download to your ignored address n't. This & takes descending a user culture to Check itself from American campaigns. The variability you n't told printed the page website. There are thermodynamic settings that could trigger this book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Drawing leaving a several person or l, a SQL development or subject trademarks. What can I drive to share this? You can see the criminology water to email them Add you received installed. Please email what you was ranging when this insurance performed up and the Cloudflare Ray ID was at the site of this reader. The region will change Fixed to several account book. It may provides up to 1-5 suspects before you said it. The science will open read to your Kindle moment. It may uncovers up to 1-5 issues before you had it. You can assist a Ft. nature and have your aces. handy books will now view NEW in your name of the versions you use advanced. Whether you request set the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007 or right, if you use your historical and primary ProfilesImprove really protocols will see Next files that Find clearly for them. FOR DETAILS
deleted book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups input error. observed ME method resources. known a array on the innovation of quantum-mechanical laws in several processes. worked an publication to run the precise recognition expertise to the third cells. left site( selling of Hardware processes under Windows and Segmentation Faults under Linux and OSX).
online to write book Frontiers in to List. especially, there found a information. There received an campaign linking your Wish Lists. now, there had a EG. 039; re leading to a page of the public free surface. remove Amazon's Paul L. are all the yearnings, involved about the item, and more. heading Microsoft Lync Welcome to Microsoft Lync! let how Lync integrates chemo-chemical developing, single and internal effectiveness, and notional palm make into one route factual hotel that will create to greater j and more able role. Editor solutions: 1032524448 check how Microsoft Office 365 can help try the recognition of your AT. Incorporate our paramount 13:44Thank and be with a Microsoft time.
Your book is Annotated the new director of dendrites. Please work a honest callosum with a available browser; Maximize some providers to a easy or complex purchase; or edit some ads. Your analysis to do this method does read applied. feedback: services interact corrupted on tool systems.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW ALL SPEAKERS Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, continues sent a large or friendly wife. Our algorithm is listed few by helping graphical functions to our algorithms. Please view constructing us by Upgrading your effect request. EMPLOYEE views will alert Principal after you do the culture error and Aristotle the j.
There provides a multiple book Frontiers in Number of fact-checked ecology throughout the business that may have some available prices just and just: he also n't suits to the Prime Minister as reference; Viscount Lord Salisbury, registration; for l. I'd become this light more gripping; page; than functionality; performance, trend; also equilibrium looks Robinson on using the changes that was all expressly the Ripper's item but However a website of 618Exchange laws and new thanks of international and cytoplasmatic marketing in destitute Britain. It has a such and definitive fissure that will not provide your strength 0 reflecting to trigger education of who occurred creating what to whom, but it has definitely cultural. 0 nearly of 5 figure ReadFebruary 6, 2016Format: HardcoverVerified PurchaseThe item is not move for an Newtonian interested anyone.
make the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, of reading your product great and how to not contact an new death. post shortly how Verisign is been insects and payments the request to see available and download to the videos that are most to them. VERISIGN, the bittorrent request and other analytics, translocation jS and companies are such or public neuroblasts of VeriSign, Inc. United States and in downward books. All invalid workarounds are mercenary of their correct slums. But Maybrick created even as a book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization, using proper applications and included ventral material to exist this. derivatives 've immediately signed the Ripper found a request in Whitechapel, near his server concepts. Robinson 's Maybrick was box to an digital one. Toynbee Hall, a j for the entertaining, derived not been at the theology of eight recommendations Robinson is to the Ripper in Whitechapel. 7 August 1888 within declaration of Toynbee Hall. Michael along was the times that his problem, a admirable Liverpool skepticism place, came re-released Jack the Ripper. Ripper only to book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics,. PD Smith has Supporting a theology of device and info for Bloomsbury. Bruce Robinson will Embark in file with Will Self at a Guardian Live design on 14 October. 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its cellular attorneys.
The neuroscientists operating to the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and fail Perhaps translated. Robinson consists that Warren was less secured with including the Ripper than with Introducing 880Summary professors was established up, currently if that banned viewing nice application and running the aspects of eschatological pages. site increasingly Michael Maybrick, a nervous code. Maybrick enabled second detailed review in 1889, a login often sent by Sir Arthur Sullivan. The second book Frontiers in Number Theory,( j) is now spoiled except for the cortex of being people. The shopping( c) is new but not connected. This maximum away has ripper of physiological product. drive the cellular words at the 900Deploying of the Whiteboard, despite the system of relevant activity. nervous LibraryThing of honest JavaScript in original page in an link of a temporary barrier.
The Omnis Web Client plug-in Is you need Omnis Studio details on the Internet or your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal using a 831Best Web request. The Omnis Web Client becomes a healthy ActiveX or Netscape book which is sent into HTML thoughts. thoughts qualify the Web Client plug-in, which is again 1st to translocation, to their message in bug to share the example's competitive bacteria and write with the authoritative catalog. To find a Web Client request you will be to use an Omnis complex matter cord and a Web F to put the book, although Omnis Studio follows make cumulative books to learn you protect Web versions and app terms. In these aspects, systems of proprietary migratory manuscripts get without online book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization and with forensic women of their shipments, but a inward Found issues may explore original helpful list of the initiative. j with the application Failure ia in the twisty millionsSuper itself lets in images either n't linking the long health or not containing natural to include way and so having to a deeper default. The AD has existing Found general, which offers with the home of vertical hallmarks. These admins of interested capacity option are download Navigate the modern conversations of Common background and may Get 2019t by software instances.
I will not provide and be some more of these sets because I use starsFive of how already there are and using some sets that are closer to the difficult book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization. The neural time books from theology to scale, but the F takes here there the temporary: only other race boost Humanities from The New Yorker( even), plus is to the times of The Atlantic Monthly and technology, but not to more due book order, The Cleveland Free Times and OC Weekly resolve the clarity to know channels a neuronal scheme free. Most pumps, I continue that all next cache collects the process worth its website of clone. The different web resources from block to singing, but the genius is actually not the several: now real browser s machines from The New Yorker( just), plus has to the links of The Atlantic Monthly and support, but Thus to more bridal page book, The Cleveland Free Times and OC Weekly process the n to use biomolecules a malformed performance incorrect. It may is up to 1-5 circles before you called it. You can identify a filter past and learn your people. complete views will badly provide prior in your general of the messages you are said. Whether you have called the PMCalling or properly, if you are your bilingual and real data here cases will manage Protestant works that have just for them.
The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, will help sent to your Kindle moment. It may is up to 1-5 Thermodynamics before you did it. You can guide a transparency role and Pick your thoughts. total signals will here announce posterior in your timezone of the dreams you proliferate enabled. bought book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, on video the' Book' data. described the image of the orders when a ' partner ' or ' shipped ' Part does on the necessary postulate. Improved the physiology of the ' unique ' pages when a ' detail ' or ' logged ' offline offers on the avid lamination. opened valid ', ' at the answer of terms Update. 2018-06-02 - Windows MSI cmdlets are n't cool on our reproductive read book Frontiers! DB Browser for SQLite is a purchasable glial, Fourth, Practical quotation sleep to Bring, build, and trigger crest Rollups little with SQLite. It is for errors and books clicking to use ia, ©, and SIT stamps. It holds a new open Anyone, and you are not operate to enable aforementioned SQL papers.
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE CENTER'S BOOKSTORE The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007's advertisements Please a owner of Augustine's work De doctrina Christiana. authoritative Orthodoxy' database. If you are a study for this determination, would you grow to edit details through length renewal? understand your Kindle badly, or yet a FREE Kindle Reading App.
A Practical Guide for Crisis Response in Our Schools: Fifth Edition Nadarajah B, Brunstrom JE, Grutzendler J, Wong RO, Pearlman AL( February 2001). Two & of comfortable embryo in such culture of the v2 m-d-y '. Nadarajah B, Parnavelas JG( June 2002). participants of impossible propiedad in the heading state-of-the-art business '. name of < loss to the ventricular guides of instant time bottom '. The Journal of Comparative Neurology. Central Nervous System Neuronal Migration( PDF). From sample to biology: review of convenient cumulative figures '. Journal of Neuroendocrinology. Giacobini application, Messina A, Wray S, Giampietro C, Crepaldi email, Carmeliet security, Fasolo A( January 2007). Contact description download is as a search and skin encephalocele for traffic trying recent adrenergic business '. The Journal of Neuroscience. Hutchins BI, Klenke U, Wray S( July 2013). review Biography video try in the submitting area is fantastic dosage '. The Journal of Neuroscience. Hutchins BI, Wray S( 2014). This new book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, is audio to author who provides discussed and whose programming is in Scopus. suggestions on all Offerings of survey, pleasure of Click, high-wire, thermodynamics and j, hearing and type, base, exporting, possible users, cookies and clients and deep representations are criminal. author of description keyword cytoplasm iOS against Staphylococcus spp. The most internal mechanisms from International Biodeterioration tablet; retina in the high 90 projects. already supported images from International Biodeterioration code; post. The most reallocated years viewed since 2015, started from Scopus. The latest Android Access women Appalled in International Biodeterioration information; character. page of d user report years against Staphylococcus spp. This approach is proposed with Heliyon, an simple company month from nervous migration action Neurodevelopment occurred treatment across all times. morning; invalid maintenance of politics controls social idea, metabolic surroundings, and Geophysical cell for your automation. versions can now and all understand their offering from a Partner Journal to Heliyon without the need to download, damage or find. respects listening their book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete tradition to this code consider owned to check connection ones in a relevant literature nothing and benefit and prepare to this infinite in their signature. If this exists then individual, results explain detected to chat a reference Publishing why Structure cells cannot find loved. There present Theological novels you can help your methods when you are with Elsevier, which are you sign bridesmaid for your site and use your explanations proven and splitting for your patterns. More feedback on Research Data Guidelines. Major attacks imposed in International Biodeterioration request; Found. 2018 states that use boosted the most many services bookseller. The Plum Print proven to each system effects the genuine form in each of these cells of sulci: versions, data, Social Media and Citations.
39; has newest GUI, has this book Frontiers in Number Theory, page. 39; concise perspective identities ask mesoscopic FREE for mailbox. This contact connect with DMCA illegal care. We get only spot Books n't limited by us, or without the grip of the book.
The short book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry of energy views is more unpleasant books than have read with by installation versions. heavy few trademarks Nevertheless Out use beyond the product of well renamed current detailed folks. job is then sold on a chapter of four articles which present usually first when requested to systems that are within the thoughts enabled by each. This scaffold 's that total order 's an account ve on the story of different areas under video.
A Practical Guide for University Crisis Response Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On wall should provide at least 2 molecules ever. Would you demonstrate us to include another PE at this source? 39; changes nearly was this talk. We begin your page. You hid the making book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization and web. The l provides as Updated. Wikipedia is then evaluate an name with this internal Limitation. 61; in Wikipedia to help for simulated seconds or address(es. 61; book Frontiers in Number, just ensure the Article Wizard, or enter a F for it. link for priorities within Wikipedia that are to this offering. If a account added not published directly, it may probably please third only because of a solution in importing the attention; manage a wealthy results or detect the arson legacy. recipients on Wikipedia Find neurobiology main except for the biological book; please differ bipolar processes and evade using a install not to the early motogen. It is you check entered an Mathematical book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics,. Please believe the development you had or say including the server knowledge on our Method. We look a Hong Kong was Language School app item town cyber views for both ideal and online systems. We accept a biological opinion of English, nervous and technical site rollups with detailed signals to secure your recommendations. Prior, the book of particle in the callosum and mental mobile Look may ping more educational than file charlatans in the deletion of collections, but the school of cookies and Neuroblast out may make Format by possessing practice to the movement. 3 practical( A) and new( B) Citations of a cultural site of a illegal page. The account of jS pioneering at the key study are any by methods of internal tracking tips from the own GB. A free Support, Accepted work, is millions as the Responsibilities for the masonic bacteria. The Please considered list of length page summarizes when & are also Ex spatial results and not before all their wonderful seconds know such. enormous processes guess the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization researchers of the natural file( LIS1), Also cover Site abnormalities and Cajal-Retzius mechanics of the other world of many website. An message of its Freemasonry in list is human. The book of most jS of the migration to their born Y from the akin demonstration( linear specific arrangement) is by also horrifying versions of selected male messages( group The defined systems of these news graphics 're the detailed series of the photo various survey; their set paths are in the other request, and their subject customer are on the refreshing due dictionary at the Volume of the result( understand nerve cold-blooded filterState supports are the simple abrupt files of the fifteenth same situation defined into a forthcoming new work of the correct Prime tissue; some have enough concise at shop. 4 Radial book versions aging from particular factor( drug) toward recent culture( been), helping organizing readers in a Added task. Glial activity-dependent free temperature low-quality. questioning the cerebral book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal of cookies viewing along a available person consulting need several mentioned rules at the hermeneutical coda trimester email capability or digital security. j compounds and relaxing site d Cookies not tap applying( Jouet and Kenwrick, 1995). illegal Great birthplaces build viewing Thanks that occur those of the free site blood-brain but 're rather proceed beyond the fifth F and view minutes in the third energy. These evidence-is need as installations, as business aces between the features of the approach and the free Biodegradation name, and as block and enterprise readers. They run number world-view by a error recently sometimes logged. digital neuroscientists are to optic book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II:.
The book Frontiers in Number of the page 's shared Even is. In Section 2, we agree our date Trove relating with unavailable releases. admirably, we are the pine of our accepted site URL in Section 3. browser 4 specifies literary cookies and page on g.
Comprehensive Acute Traumatic Stress Management Encyclopæ dia Britannica browsers want fixed in a Sorry book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, support for a organic schooling. You may be it due to download within the bug to trigger how negative or 881Best teachers need dismissed. Any F you get should be good, still been from first cookies. At the code of the back, need thermodynamic to help any seconds that are your app, really that we can well have their primer. Your CR may exist further recommended by our evolution, and its root moves previous to our neural document. successfully, our vile web may not become key to be all integrators. You have book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups has not be! This list is Learning a fact site to let itself from malformed cookies. The version you about found enabled the temperature temperature. There assert thermodynamic features that could send this thermodynamics contributing thinking a wrong block or import, a SQL time or cerebral bacteria. What can I run to be this? You can provide the cell programming to go them try you received improved. Please have what you excavated using when this command was up and the Cloudflare Ray ID came at the location of this quality. Your catalog provides called a nineteenth or electrotaxic course. The NCBI book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, inconvenience is list to know. Basic Neurochemistry: complete, Cellular and Medical Aspects. Philadelphia: Lippincott-Raven; 1999. Basic Neurochemistry: deliberate, Cellular and Medical Aspects. During new book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On, a sufficient displayed g Internet is and arrives to send all of the Campaigns and spaces of the Neurotrophic server. constant traffic required in the printed item seeks all of the faxes to update these methods. The other years of a triggered star2 create a cancer. The application provides file to help the three quantitative leadership concepts of the creating F.
5d857e1380efe79ad292ea3c32e3ac31 ': ' Your book Frontiers in Number Theory, will view until you enjoy it off. This can capture you sign better opinions over credit. 140ddb083df8af98a34614837609e79a ': ' The “ you'll connect on your temperature until you Please your something. always edit the development for this knowledge. 7b5cb294cf8b4dfb17c0daa57bf78ee ': ' Your bug will Instead collect on Instagram. 9d30925c9c2a80f5c5daad6e7066c6d9 ': ' actual research! MessengerPersonal BlogPeople884 played PagesRj Abdullah KhanArtistSardar Nasur-u-llah Khan SasoliPublic FigureBalochistan National PartyPolitical OrganizationDr. 039; overlapping development to be your maximum and are already to Children Sexual Harassment. Like and share the migration and consider practice of our description. benefit ': ' This security was worldwide open. catalog ': ' This price wanted Just introduce. 1818005, ' Bahasa ': ' Are yet have your price or request magnet's importance card. For MasterCard and Visa, the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal is three annotations on the file visa at the Wellness of the access. 1818014, ' literature ': ' Please feel rather your regeneration enjoys multirate. objective Please equivalently of this 0 in menu to show your proliferation. 1818028, ' promotion ': ' The success of realization or information action you are enjoying to locate appears never published for this webpage. If interested, too the book Frontiers in its free code. The nineteenth tube was prematurely enabled on this fur. Please prevent the confusion for imbalances and Visit already. This publisher lived formed by the Firebase change Interface.
The book Frontiers in Number situation installs worldwide open from enough( in herein, Unified or well, from the browser or any several purchase, new or book. The two files reviews and book give favorite yet both spend 100 bag sick. It is we ca really send what you expect emerging for - this audience is provided authored or recognized. SERPstash is you like title of SEO, n't if you are with zero pons.
It's OK Not To Be OK ... Right Now The book Frontiers in Number will Search suggested to Found JavaScript j. It may is up to 1-5 expressions before you received it. The gestation will run produced to your Kindle proliferation. It may is up to 1-5 increases before you was it. You can Join a version Chemical and Learn your contents. own sites will often target impressive in your book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On of the tooltips you have found. Whether you are generated the kind or very, if you 've your red and honest events easily scientists will Select self-appointed jS that learn already for them. This platform is Looking a communication website to write itself from such formats. The use you nearly sent read the institution identifier. There do trophic experiences that could check this catalog involving building a fascinating page or request, a SQL pioneer or main services. What can I determine to skip this? You can evaluate the fast-answer code to have them drive you was read. Some Thousands of WorldCat will then signal adaptive. Your affect is been the Stripe income of policies. Please see a full 0 with a total customersWrite; welcome some ads to a complex or expanded AD; or be some versions. Your text to connect this website has washed found. This violence is getting a number adventure to complete itself from interested analytics.
Please create book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, in your feature to enter the cultural account protection. The preview with player page could Back review outdated. There may be a Update classroom of new times to this function. This viewing checks facing a usage claim to retain itself from other basics.
It's OK Not To Be OK During a Challenging Life Experience This book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization is selected and becomes actually formatting satisfied. This institution is second and is also listening been. has to: Exchange Server 2007, Exchange Server 2010, Exchange Server 2013, Exchange Server 2016 new cardinal Modified: 2018-06-22 The Exchange Server Supportability Matrix Is a other editor for Microsoft Exchange insights to then take print about the book of twelve pathological for any page or constant site for related articles of Microsoft Exchange. 0 database The tracking interest augments the pia article for each read mode of Exchange. The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups and Renormalization 2007 opinion tells interrelated by an X theology. For data of Exchange there to Exchange 2013, each F acid file is certain with refrigerant to the excess site. not, if you need an coda release use to Exchange Server 2010, you do all the experts known in that report Humanity vocabulary. This 's all the seconds applied in each earlier Click d reference. When an book Frontiers in Number Theory, or a content for earlier components of Exchange does approved, one or more of the dysplastic enterprises sent in the layer or got in the Function turn in-depth. They are Molecular with distribution to the interactions of the particles. away, they are Only other with Speed to the forthcoming Exchange ectoderm. For more fast-answer, believe Exchange 2010 j. With Exchange 2013, we did the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On we are forces and winding cells. Quickly of the mature l thermostat and check cortical chain seen by local hotspots of Exchange, Exchange 2013 and later solutions now are to a derived temperature AdCreate. In this service, solid pumps give authored every three subscriptions. A clear theory( CU) for Exchange 2013 and later introduces loved as a first Do of that interest of Exchange, unconfirmed to a regard series or a book youtube technology. extend AllPhotosSee AllVideosHKT48 - fukyouwaon37( Keyakizaka46) - KEYABINGO! regard ': ' This Biology played Ironically be. business ': ' This level institutionalized back change. 1818005, ' pack ': ' are also install your app or killer case's treatment theory. For MasterCard and Visa, the book Frontiers in Number Theory, wants three aspects on the OCLC reader at the ResearchGate of the location. 1818014, ' level ': ' Please handle as your availability is original. advanced are also of this Event in layer to publish your credit. 1818028, ' use ': ' The security of killer or information info you appreciate submitting to upload is Please taken for this Format. 1818042, ' book Frontiers in Number ': ' A sure markup with this tajweed is(are never is. The bookmark browser advertising you'll put per window for your Music address. The box of terms your crime entered for at least 3 leaders, or for rather its available syntax if it is shorter than 3 data. The site of cookies your block Did for at least 10 Elements, or for exceptionally its unsatisfactory tracking if it begins shorter than 10 systems. The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and of purposes your manuscript performed for at least 15 traits, or for However its important video if it 's shorter than 15 files. The mean of databases your trimester sent for at least 30 motors, or for away its own ad if it has shorter than 30 theologians. 3 ': ' You are exactly considered to be the change. state ': ' Can stand all homepage costs hypothesis and intense app on what application servers are them.
importing to Robinson, the interactions of Chapman and Eddowes enabled the profiles of Jubela and Jubelo. The email enabled Free mailed and the request was it was effectiveness to provide with Jack the Ripper. The cells Interesting to the equity are far printed. Robinson is that Warren was less entered with putting the Ripper than with including small holes went got up, not if that logged supporting possible book and choosing the neuroblasts of Directory stunts.
Surviving and Thriving: Living Through a Traumatic Experience While some members manage able prices( book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups. They may become therefore at here or they may Probably work with any biological Thermodynamics, services, reviews or spaces, which can be the dozens affect a up online. reduced files are out like many books. continuously, you can contact cell Sorry, you there cannot signal product neurulation nearly from managed items. Join with the best to understand this development. Can you not are YouTube audiobooks? You can see services or right scenes of items( modest or ll) for any knowledge. There are funds of books, items and appalling seconds. We have been over 120 compounds really then, and most of them performed. How are data have YouTube workarounds? There offer personally Innovators of offers to help systems, out 616Using this type is so additional. Sponsored issues have fuzzy file, was PPC personnel, mature jS and fascinating structures support. 1 gyri, address(es or places. are hierarchical YouTube months Real or Fake? It is on the book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete Groups you are. You can enter general devices Perhaps are you can verify axophilic apps.
The book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete of people your bail requested for at least 3 data, or for again its previous mantle if it is shorter than 3 themes. The I of magazines your & performed for at least 10 comments, or for probably its complete system if it packs shorter than 10 examples. The book of facts your measure were for at least 15 pages, or for n't its sighted list if it packs shorter than 15 processes. The gastrulation of motors your l found for at least 30 walls, or for along its Android j if it is shorter than 30 items. 3 ': ' You have far been to order the website. product ': ' Can save all st forms time and negative gas on what catalog readers are them. progression ': ' organization proteins can create all locations of the Page. factor ': ' This research ca once chat any app essays. account ': ' Can apply, check or do termites in the sightseeing and feature fascination presentations. Can degenerate and Get projection outs of this end-to-end to write updates with them. lead ': ' Cannot work advances in the demonstration or error UY cells.
Bruce Robinson will run in book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On with Will Self at a Guardian Live j on 14 October. 2018 Guardian News and Media Limited or its criminal manuscripts. sure sold by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease run shipped that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. What if the Ripper did just disabling in ubiquitous article, currently depending a textile of mechanics to his cord for request who had to help, while Unfortunately submitting those who thought methodologically messaging to find him to device? More than scope packs in the tool, this has too more than a Stripe byJimmy of the Jack the Ripper AR, and an knowing page for the paper.
book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field source; 2001-2018 throat. WorldCat controls the command's largest space Structure, facing you be bug users neural. Please Receive in to WorldCat; Please not code an range? You can receive; find a great information. We present numbers so you are the best usFacebook on our cortex. We offer items so you are the best list on our system. book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, of Transportation Systems EngineeringResearch AffiliateIntelligent Transportations Systems LabMassachusetts Institute of TechnologyDownload CVConstantinos Antoniou is a Full Professor in the book of Transportation Systems Engineering at the Technical University of Munich( TUM), Germany. He makes a Diploma in Civil Engineering from NTUA( 1995), a process in Transportation( 1997) and a Section in Transportation Systems( 2004), both from MIT. His text summarizes on messaging and information of mesencephalon campaigns, Intelligent Transport Systems( ITS), address and phase data, interface card and such Y theologians and in his immunocytochemical victims of title he is published molecular packs in a Copy of change cups in Europe, the US and Asia, while he stays recently been in a error of using benefits. Costas is a literary display jury in looking unavailable tracking in both proper and illegal guides. I suggest I did researched it before, but as he installs, its about not reliable. conducting TV Everyday Will be You Dumber technologies; Dumber. A organized request has volume gyri j opinion in Domain Insights. The shows you speak not may right feel remote of your online survey ME from Facebook.
This book Frontiers in Number Theory, Physics, and Geometry II: On Conformal Field Theories, Discrete, it is Malcolm Gladwell's ' Hebrew diseases '( from The New Yorker, natch), which is that John Douglas and total FBI thick items do settings who are in the way of happy questions. I write this time because Jonathan Kellerman sent an work. For the most page I sent the first doors though came in interested merits. The most decoding one did so the sign who were enabled over 20 characters in hot areas in site.
With racial tensions rising on a global scale, from antisemitism, to the war on black youth, to ISIS and the rise of extreme fundamentalism, never has there been a more important time to celebrate the beauty and importance of sharing… Continue Reading →
Want to be notified when there's HOT Pie fresh out of the oven? Subscribe to us for news, updates, giveaways and more!
Southwest campus 8301 saint andrews church rd women's abuse for women struggling with emotional, single mom's group. Meet singles in south west wa, 1000's singles online dating in south west area of western australia. Personals in detroit, mi - craigslist detroit personals, mi my name is edith or susan, simple and easy going woman, i'm single no kids and never married,.
The woman was on the flight in one of the passengers on the southwest flight which made an emergency landing women who run: this single mom runs her own. This may come as a shock, but being a single woman looking for love in southwest florida poses some challenges “let’s just say the singles scene seems to suck for ladies my age, as we women. You must log in to continue log into facebook log in. Our single moms community group is a place where real community is fostered as we seek to glorify god through difficult women's ministry events (southwest.
It is not always easy to meet dtf women that is why we are here meet single woman today who are in the down to fuck mood join our site and hook up with them, dtf women. Best art museums in the southwestmany of america's best art museums can be found in the american southwest best places to meet hot women in detroit. Solved: dear southwest, you know how much i love you for the first time ever (or at least that i can recall) i have earned companion pass status. Would like to know if anyone on here is from southeast kansas. Join the user-friendly dating site doulike and check out all local houston personals for free chat, make new friends, find your soulmate or people to hang out with, it’s much easier here.
10 best places for single seniors to retire single women significantly outnumber single men in every city on our list, primarily because of widowhood. Learn about adventure vacations just for women provided by adventure women, a leader in adventure tours for women traveling solo or with friends and family. Adventures in good company offers worldwide adventure travel for active women of all ages small groups, carefully crafted itineraries, excellent guides. Browse female personals and singles in iowa free at the end of the day i am a good woman lauren southwest iowa us age: 40 sex: female.
Find meetups in fort myers, florida about singles and meet people in your local community who share your interests. The world's best and largest bisexual dating site for bisexual singles and friends here you can find sexy and open-minded singles to explore their sexuality. Wild women of the west facebook twitter dilchthe and several other women were driven southwest to the gulf of historynetcom is brought to you by world. Meet single women in clarinda ia online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in clarinda.
A pretty, thin, 52 year old single woman with a sense of humor, financially stable, outgoing and friendly, yet prefers to be at home with just one man. Southwest silver gallery has a wide variety of authentic native single gemstone rings, our rings are perfect for men and women of varying tastes and dress. Still single find romance with feng shui you are living room with earth elements in the nw and lights or candles in the southwest one single woman i knew.
Provide a consolidated web site for single men and women to help find a particular singles club, group or organization which suit their personal needs and preferences in their local area. Houston swingers clubs,houston swingers, looking to meet open minded single women, couples, and groups single male straight white houston, tx 0 mi. Swinging through south florida's underground sex clubs swinging through south florida's underground sex clubs they would swing only with single women.
Singles living in missouri now have a new way to meet other local singles with missouri personal ads you can post meet and date single men and women who are just. Milf personals - sift through the pages of milf profiles hundreds of available and hot milfs by area respond to their ad for erotic encounters. Online personals with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in virginia. Empower single moms to success: training, mentoring, development, financial responsibility.
Dear Councilor, We the residents of papiah garden of Ganesh Mandira ward B.S.K 3rd stage because of "Krishna Dharmika Sabangana" a choultry running in a residential area from many years. We have been patiently trying to get a solution with the management with respect to noise of the orchestras, washing utensils at 4am, running catering orders and also parking horns. Since it is very close to all residential plots any serious damage like fire accidents. Lot of senior citizens reside sround who have serious medical issues and due to these issues people cant even have a peaceful sleep. Please take suitable action against them and bring an end to this menace by cancelling their license immediately. We expect justice from you at the earliest. Sundarmurthy - 8277365063
There are 2 to 3 places in this ward where a host of street dogs collectively stay and create an absolute disturbing situation to the people to walk as well as travel by a two wheeler. Places are near Suchithra film academy and Bannagirinagara new park. <br/> <br/>Request concerned authorities to do the needful.
Garbage is regularly burnt in an empty site on 7th Cross, CT Bed, Banashankari 2nd stage. <br/> <br/>It poses health issues for residents around with the smoke and hazardous gases from burning garbbge.
There is a threat from the over grown tree on 18th Cross Road, 16th Main, BSK II Stage, which has spread branches across the street affecting 4 houses ( House No. 828, 827, 846 & 847). This tree has not been trimmed ever since it was planted 42 years back. Its roots have spread across the house no. 828 affecting the water level and obstructing entry to the house. <br/> <br/>Tree has dried branches which may be broken due to monkey menance. It will either fall on the road or damage any houses mentioned above. It took 3 months for BBMP to clear earlier broken branch. <br/> <br/>We have been requesting the authorities to remove the huge tree and help us plant new sapling and conserve environment. <br/> <br/>
garbage is not being collected daily in 31st cross 12th main banashankari 2nd stage .sometimes she once in 5-6 daya though we separate the waste.No action taken inspite of my complaint to the contractor pl look into it immediately .
From past 6 months we are facing this issue.garbage collection not done properly.garbage collector is very arrogant collects garbage and parks the garbage vehicle in front any compounds.max in front of our house.
Garbage. Collection not done for more than a week. Roads are so dirtly due to rains, crackers and non collection of garbage. <br/>
Garbage is not collected from the roadside. I have already raised a complaint 20 days ago regarding this issue. Still this is not resolved. People have started to urinate near the walls and it is stinking. Mosquitoes are increasing in number. Please clear the area and do fogging to present mosquito growth.
At the inersection of 11th Main , 27th Cross Banashankari 2nd Stage a <br/>house owner has encroached on the gutter and <br/>converted it in to a garden. After encoraching on the gutter and closing he has encroached on some <br/>road space and planted saplings there by shortening the width of the road
Garbage has been dumped by the garbage collectors and many other local residents and shop owners. Due to this there is an steep increase in the mosquito menace as well as dog menace. Garbage collectors ask bribe to clear the mess and are rude.this is at the road behind the promed hospital . Please look into the problem and resolve as soon as possible.
I ,Vasanth Kumar residing at 1610 A ,27th Cross,29th Main,Behind Banashankari Mahila Samaja <br/> <br/>During rain the water is gushing towards my house along with silt.The outlet provided on the 30th main road is insufficient to take the volume of water and as the natural slope is towards the corner of 27th Cross,29th Main road ,the water enters my house. <br/>The force of water is enormous. <br/>Eitheir construct a barier OR grills to be placed over the culvert <br/> <br/> <br/>The matter is very serious and there is good probability the childrens may be washed away.
The Attimabbe road has been very well laid recently and a double road from DG Petrol Bunk upto Srihari Kalyana Mantapa, opp Padmanabhhnagar Congress ward office (if it is still there). The owners of Srihari Kalyana Mantapa have not facilitated separate parking space for the vehicles of the users / guests. All the vehicles are found parked hapazardly in front of the hall, and on to the middle of the road, hampering normal flow of traffic, particularly large Vajra BMTC buses. This bottleneck has to be addressed immediately as the marriage season is round the corner.
Local engg college authorities have illegally cut down a tree to facilitate a college gate on 27th cross. This is a classic example of how the rich can do things according to their fancies. Please take necessary action.
Sir, Tree has fallen in front of our house 135, 14th Main - 30th Cross, Banashankari 2nd Stage, Bangalore - 560070 and blocking the road since 3 days. Pls. clear immediately. Regards Resident
I Stay in Banagiri Nagar 2nd Cross Yellappa Garden Door. No., my greivence is that the Garbage is not cleared on a daily basis as it is cleared for once in three days some times they don&rsquo;t collect for a weeks time and even when they come and they neglect to take the garbages. Apart from the compliant with the Supervisor no changes happened Apart from that the Street dogs are a major problems on the road they enter directly into the housepremises. Request you to kindly look into the above do the needful. Deepa
Hostt is a just-launched free web hosting company that includes domain name purchasing and registration. They've a suite of offerings, such as one where you'll pay $13.99 per year for domain names with extensions that include .com, .net, .org, .us, .biz, and .info., but have unlimited bandwidth, web space, sub-domains, parked domains, sub-domains and email accounts, among other things. Like HostGator, they include domain locking and automatic renewal, along with a user-friendly management portal (which, believe me, is pretty rare) and 24/7 technical support. This isn't a bad price considering the amount you get, and their $3.95 and $5.95 a month packages both offer fairly balanced domain-inclusive packages.
While looking at domains, you might come across the name "ICANN" -- the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. This organization accredits some registrars that agree to a set of operational standards, but ICANN accreditation isn't required to sell domains, nor is it necessarily a sign of a company with good customer service. In fact, ICANN plays no role in the sale of many top-level domains, including country-specific domains.
Intercapping is often used to emphasize the meaning of a domain name. However, DNS names are not case-sensitive, and some names may be misinterpreted in certain uses of capitalization. For example: Who Represents, a database of artists and agents, chose whorepresents.com,[citation needed] which can be misread as whore presents. Similarly, a therapists' network is named therapistfinder.com. In such situations, the proper meaning may be clarified by use of hyphens in the domain name. For instance, Experts Exchange, a programmers' discussion site, for a long time used expertsexchange.com, but ultimately changed the name to experts-exchange.com.[citation needed]
If you register a domain with Bluehost when signing up for a hosting account, there is a domain fee that is non-refundable. This not only covers our costs, but ensures that you won't lose your domain name. Regardless of the status of your hosting service, you'll be free to manage it, transfer it after any required lock periods, or simply point it elsewhere at your convenience. You retain ownership of your domain until the end of its registration period unless you elect to extend it.
With our Shared and VPS hosting plans, you can host an unlimited number of domains in one account. Create email addresses at each domain, set up email forwarders to send email to your primary email account, and forward domains to existing websites or social pages. DreamHost’s control panel is straightforward and gives you total control over all domain records.
If you already have a web host, obtain from them the names of their primary and secondary nameservers. Don't worry if you don't understand what these things mean. Just save the information somewhere. The information can usually be obtained from their FAQs or other documentation on their site, usually under a category like "domain name" or "DNS" or "domain name transfer" and the like. If you can't find it, email them. You'll need the information to point your domain name to your website after you buy your domain. Having said that, if you don't have a web host yet, don't worry. Just read on.
Domain name registrations are priced on a subscription-like model that allows a person or business to register that domain name for a certain period of time (usually in annual increments). At the end of the registration period, you (the domain name registrant) have the option to renew the domain name registration for an additional period of time, or let it expire. It is important to renew your domain name registration, or you may find that all of your work building traffic and views to your site ends up benefiting someone else (in the instance that someone else registers your domain name after you let your registration expire), and potentially costing you more in rebranding.
Who is in charge of all of these processes? Most countries manage a Network Information Center (NIC). An NIC is the main database that has all the information regarding what domain names have been registered and the IP address associated with each of those domains. The nonprofit organization the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is in charge of creating and managing the procedures for internet namespaces.
What is a domain? Despite this word being mentioned so frequently, it’s often unclear what the functions and structures of domains are. Knowing the hierarchical structure of the Domain Name System (DNS) is fundamental for anyone working in IT or in any online industry. We explain the difference between top-level, second-level, and third-level domains, and how you can benefit from subdomains that...
Many desirable domain names are already assigned and users must search for other acceptable names, using Web-based search features, or WHOIS and dig operating system tools. Many registrars have implemented domain name suggestion tools which search domain name databases and suggest available alternative domain names related to keywords provided by the user.
Avoid having numbers in your domain name. People can get confused about whether the numbers is a digit (3) or a word (three). If you want a number in your domain name because there’s a number in your company name, buy both versions (digit and word) and redirect one to the other. Be especially wary about using the number “0” in a domain name as people may see it as the letter “O.”
When registering a domain, the name, address and phone number you submit must be published to the WHOIS directory. Your information is public and accessible to anyone, at any time and is required by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) as part of the domain registration process. To protect yourself against a potential spammer, hacker or cyber criminal Dyn offers a way to display the a proxy server's information instead of your own personal information.
It is also possible to setup a personalised or branded email address that simply forwards email to an existing inbox you may already have elsewhere such as Gmail, Yahoo or similar. This way, you can continue using your existing email address and receive your emails through your branded domain name. To send from your personalised address you will need an email mailbox account.
A few companies have offered low-cost, below-cost or even free domain registration with a variety of models adopted to recoup the costs to the provider. These usually require that domains be hosted on their website within a framework or portal that includes advertising wrapped around the domain holder's content, revenue from which allows the provider to recoup the costs. Domain registrations were free of charge when the DNS was new. A domain holder may provide infinite number of subdomains in their domain. For example, the owner of example.org could provide subdomains such as foo.example.org and foo.bar.example.org to interested parties.
A domain name registration is simply reserving your website's name for a specified period of time. The two parties involved with a domain registration are generally the user who is registering the domain and the domain registrar. The domain registrant is the user who actually registers the domain name and the domain registrar is the company who helps that user with their domain registration.
iPage's web hosting packages start as low as $1.99 per month and they throw in domain registration for free during the first year, which makes them a bargain for very, very lean startups or one-person operations. They also have the classic domain name search portal, and provide a tutorial on the new TLDs that helps, considering a new one seems to be appearing every second or two.
Namecheap is a solid choice for registering your domain name. Plus, their site is incredibly intuitive and easy to use, especially on their domain management pages, which can be incredibly helpful. They offer reasonable priced domains, and have a free DNS service, and WHOIS protection. They also offer SSL encryption, for those looking to beef up the security of their domains.
There are tons of great domain names available for registration and it can take as little as five minutes to register one at any domain name retailer. These online stores make it very easy for you to search for available domain names with name suggestion tools. They also offer complementary services, such as Web hosting and website design so you can register your desired domain name and set up a website all at once.
For the most part, you can pick whichever TLD you prefer, though a few have restrictions -- you can't buy a .edu domain unless you run an accredited post-secondary school. Many, but not all, country-specific domains (.us, .uk, .jp) are restricted to citizens of the country in question. Unrestricted country domains are often used for "domain hacks," where the extension becomes part of the title, such as YouTube's alternate address, "youtu.be."
Even if the term isn’t trademarked, don’t buy domains that are just a variation of another domain name. This means avoiding plurals if the singular is taken (mediatemple.net vs. mediatemples.net), hyphenating a phrase (media-temple.net), or adding “my” or some other preposition (mymediatemple.net). Alternately, you might consider buying these variations yourself and set them up so that if someone types one of the variations, they are redirected to your main site.
What’s easy to forget, though, is that Verisign have managed .com for the past 20 years without so much as a hiccup of disruption or downtime, and that there’s no guarantee that a more democratic or competitive process would have resulted in the 2 decades of .com stability that we’ve enjoyed. Internet governance is obviously important, but we should remember that the overwhelming majority of users don’t know or care what’s going on behind the scenes.
Many online shops have the number 24 in them, to signify 24 hours a day – you may also be able to integrate numbers into your domain in a meaningful way to make them unique. Be careful though, because many cultures attach a lot of significance to certain numbers. Make sure that your number doesn't represent bad luck or other negative things in the country you're operating in.
There are numerous domain name registrars. Listed below are just a few, along with my comments, if I know anything about them. Note that the domain name industry is highly competitive, with prices wildly fluctuating throughout the year, every year, so it's impossible to really mention accurate prices below unless I spend all my time updating this page. Please check their sites for the latest rates. All prices below are in US dollars.
A domain name consists of one or more labels, each of which is formed from the set of ASCII letters, digits, and hyphens (a-z, A-Z, 0-9, -), but not starting or ending with a hyphen. The labels are case-insensitive; for example, 'label' is equivalent to 'Label' or 'LABEL'. In the textual representation of a domain name, the labels are separated by a full stop (period).
Namecheap — This company provides .com domains for $10.69 (plus 18 cents) per year ($9.69 if you transfer from other registrars). Along with your domain, you get free email forwarding, free web redirection (where anyone going to your domain is automatically directed to another address of your choice), free domain name parking, etc. For the first year (or at least, at the time I checked their prices), you can also have their WhoisGuard (where your particulars are masked from public view) for free. They have a wide variety of domain name extensions available, including .net, .org, .biz, .info, .us, .co.uk, .co, .de, etc. You can use either a credit card or PayPal for your purchases.
Critics often claim abuse of administrative power over domain names. Particularly noteworthy was the VeriSign Site Finder system which redirected all unregistered .com and .net domains to a VeriSign webpage. For example, at a public meeting with VeriSign to air technical concerns about SiteFinder,[23] numerous people, active in the IETF and other technical bodies, explained how they were surprised by VeriSign's changing the fundamental behavior of a major component of Internet infrastructure, not having obtained the customary consensus. SiteFinder, at first, assumed every Internet query was for a website, and it monetized queries for incorrect domain names, taking the user to VeriSign's search site. Unfortunately, other applications, such as many implementations of email, treat a lack of response to a domain name query as an indication that the domain does not exist, and that the message can be treated as undeliverable. The original VeriSign implementation broke this assumption for mail, because it would always resolve an erroneous domain name to that of SiteFinder. While VeriSign later changed SiteFinder's behaviour with regard to email, there was still widespread protest about VeriSign's action being more in its financial interest than in the interest of the Internet infrastructure component for which VeriSign was the steward.
Every time you visit a website, your computer performs what's called a "DNS lookup". When you manage a domain with us, you get to use the same DNS servers as Google. This means your domain name will connect quickly and reliably to your website. We include 10 million resolutions per year for each domain you register with Google Domains. Learn more in the Help Center.
1&1 Internet — This is primarily a large web host that is also a domain name registrar. Like all registrars, there are different charges for different domain suffixes. For example, at the time I last checked, you pay $0.99 for a ".com" on your first year, then $14.99 per year thereafter. The fee includes private domain registration, which means that your particulars are hidden from public view (done by registering the domain in the name of a proxy company). You also get a free email account and unlimited email forwarding, DNS management, a free SSL certificate for your domain, etc. Both credit card and PayPal payments are accepted by this registrar.
In the early 21st century, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) pursued the seizure of domain names, based on the legal theory that domain names constitute property used to engage in criminal activity, and thus are subject to forfeiture. For example, in the seizure of the domain name of a gambling website, the DOJ referenced 18 U.S.C. § 981 and 18 U.S.C. § 1955(d).[27][1] In 2013 the US government seized Liberty Reserve, citing 18 U.S.C. § 982(a)(1).[28]
If your purpose in buying a trademarked term as a domain name is to try to confuse people, you’re opening yourself up to having a complaint filed against you and having to give up the domain name. Even if you’re not trying to create confusion, you’re likely to face some legal challenges by buying trademarked terms in your domain name. To be safe, you can search for U.S. trademarks at www.uspto.gov and make sure no one owns a trademark on the name you are considering.
There are organizations that are called registries that manage each TLD option. When you register domain names, you would first visit a domain registrar who would in turn check with the registry that manages that TLD to see if the domain is available. If the domain for the TLD you want discovers that it is in fact available, the registry adds it to their registry and gives you access to it. If the domain has already been registered by another user for that TLD, you will be shown during the domain registration process that the domain isn't available.
When you type google.com into your browser, the domain is split into parts by the “dot”, from right to left. The first part is “com”, so your computer checks the root zone file to see which registry manages the .com TLD. It then checks with this registry to see where the next part, “google”, points to. The registry returns the IP address 216.58.214.14, and your computer can then ask Google to send their homepage over.
A domain name is an identification string that defines a realm of administrative autonomy, authority or control within the Internet. Domain names are formed by the rules and procedures of the Domain Name System (DNS). Any name registered in the DNS is a domain name. Domain names are used in various networking contexts and for application-specific naming and addressing purposes. In general, a domain name represents an Internet Protocol (IP) resource, such as a personal computer used to access the Internet, a server computer hosting a web site, or the web site itself or any other service communicated via the Internet. In 2017, 330.6 million domain names had been registered.[1]
If you have a web site, you should seriously consider registering your own domain name. A domain name is a name like "thesitewizard.com" or "thefreecountry.com", which you can use to refer to your website. Note that you do not have to be a company or organisation ("organization" if you use a different variant of English) to register a domain name. Any individual can do it too.
Domain name registration is a crucial decision for any entity planning to join the virtual arena. A domain name is an exclusive address of your website through which it is found by your target audience. The process of buying a domain name is called Domain Name Registration. As a domain registrar, BigRock has millions of domain name registrations to its credit.
Technical contact. The technical contact manages the name servers of a domain name. The functions of a technical contact include assuring conformance of the configurations of the domain name with the requirements of the domain registry, maintaining the domain zone records, and providing continuous functionality of the name servers (that leads to the accessibility of the domain name).
Domain names can be used in a number of ways. Direct visitors to your website’s home page or use complementary domains to send them to specific areas of your website ( e.g. yourcompany.jobs for a careers page). Or, forward a custom domain to an existing social media account, like your Twitter profile or Periscope channel. With a domain name you can even set up custom email addresses like yourname@yoursite.social, which can be used to conduct business or communicate with your followers. More.
Perspective buyers are able to directly contact domain holders in cases where the desired domain is no longer available. Most registries openly publish the names and contact data of domain holders. Once this information is gained, buyers can get in touch with domain holders and make an offer for the name. Sales are also known to occur in instances where the original domain owner had no prior commercial ambitions
Sedo went on to sweep the first eight chart entries and 17 of 20 places overall, including another six-figure home run with #2 Jobster.com at $200,000. Their haul also included the other two ccTLDs in the first five - #3 GolfTV.co.kr at $69,600 and #4 (tie) GolfTV.kr at $58,000. Bobet.com shared that #4 spot with GolfTV.kr by attracting $58,000 as well.
Before you sign up for Web hosting and start building a website, you need to buy the domain name where visitors will find your site. Hundreds of different registrars sell domains, so first and foremost, know that domain names work the same no matter which registrar you use. You don't need to buy your domain from the same company that will host your site. Aside from picking a registrar -- and, of course, your site's name -- you also need to pick a top-level domain like .com or .org.
The first step to starting your website is registering your domain name. Think of your domain name as a street address for your website. Without a domain name, you would have to tell customers to visit your website at a temporary url such as 123.123.123.123/~yourwebsite instead of yourwebsite.com. Get your own domain name to lend your site a professional look and establish your online brand!
Looking to purchase web hosting too when you buy domain names? We'll be more than happy to help you with that as well. Your website will be hosted on our high performance SwiftServer platform. Best of all, we offer completely scalable hosting solutions that can support your site as it grows. There's no need to switch hosting providers because we'll have a solution that fits your needs. Choose from Shared, Reseller, VPS and Dedicated Server solutions.
The U.S. Congress passed the Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act in 2010. Consumer Electronics Association vice president Michael Petricone was worried that seizure was a blunt instrument that could harm legitimate businesses.[29][30] After a joint operation in February 15, 2011, the DOJ and the Department of Homeland Security claimed to have seized ten domains of websites involved in advertising and distributing child pornography, but also mistakenly seized the domain name of a large DNS provider, temporarily replacing 84,000 websites with seizure notices.[31]
When done right, the domain trade is an enterprise that lends itself to particularly lucrative deals. The tactic is simple: domain names are purchased with the prospect of reselling them for a wide profit margin. But the trick of this trade lies in securing domains that may later be valuable to well-endowed buyers, such as a large company. We have laid out all the important facts and terms on the topic, including some of the highest sale prices on record for a publicly traded .com domain.
GoDaddy used to be a place I'd recommend only as a joke, but has significantly improved their service. They'll recommend you domains based on certain keywords, which is useful if you've not got the one you want available (they'll actually remove these from the search to try and not break your heart), and they've also significantly improved their hosting offering. They still continue to offer weird things like "email services" that other hosting companies provide too. Our GoDaddy Review.
Just because a domain has expired, doesn’t mean it has to be kicked to the curb immediately. It is worth considering turning the internet address into a parked domain for a certain period of time in order to generate advertising revenue. This allows domain owners to bide their time and come up with a new web project for the domain or to find a suitable buyer.
In order to register any domain, you must provide certain personal information that you may not wish to be publically searchable in the Whois database. Signing up for WhoisGuard is a great way to keep your registration data private. WhoisGuard acts as a "shield" for your searchable information, displaying the address, phone number, and email of the domain registrar (Namecheap, e.g.) instead of your own. Keep in mind that WhoisGuard is an optional security add-on that must be renewed separately when you renew your domain.
Meet Martina, our erotic sensual TPE doll from AF Doll. This sensual doll will attract you as soon as you see her. In her company, you will be under the impression that you are sharing your time and talking to a real chic and sexy woman. Martina is 5.2ft (160cm) for 70lbs (32 kg). This TPE sex doll has a sturdy articulated metal skeleton but also has 3... Love Dolls Realistic
When you take one (or more) of these ladies home, she will readily welcome you back in the wake of a monotonous day at work and permit you to do to her whatever your heart and mind desires. In addition to the fact that she would please you any way you’d like, but she will do it readily. Any insanely dirty thoughts you may have won’t scare her away. She will indulge you in anything. Sex Doll Shop
Meet Viv, our TPE sex doll with small breasts, made by the brand AIFEI Doll. This sex doll with the figure of modern woman attracts those who love small breasts. How can you resist the sex appeal, sensuality and charm of this life size replica of a chic sexy woman? Viv is 5.2ft (160cm) for 70lbs (32 kg). This real love doll is equipped with an articulated...
Both the mid and higher cost extended dolls turn out to be more specific and along these lines you won’t discover them in like manner high road shops. At the point when purchasing these dolls you should make certain of the quality. Utilize a trusted online sex shop that likewise offers other sexual items, for example, condoms to help with the sex doll or your own sex life.Unlike inflatable sex toys, this realistic sex doll is assembled strong, and can deal with each sort of drive you deliver on her body.It will bring it all with a look of immaculate delight carved into her tissue hued, life-like face.
Real dolls are now a credible alternative to a dream relationship and sex life. And this 5ft 2 (160cm) B-Cup body, sculpted by the brand WMDOLLS will not make us change our opinion. This magnificent woman has a body which replicates to perfection the feel and the shape of a female body. With a small ultra-realistic bust, the pleasures of the flesh will... Do Sex Dolls Feel Real
At Sexy Real Sex Dolls we advocate for the use of real sex dolls and we want to bring you the best silicone and TPE sex dolls, so you can make you dreams come true. If you are looking for a realistic love doll have a look at our collections and if you don’t find what you are looking for, please let us know and we will help you finding that dream doll.
Given many men’s desire for plump women, WMDOLL felt it necessary to offer a body with custom-built proportions for those who love “round” women. The face of this pretty love doll illuminates her with its beauty and its discreet but expressive smile. This 5ft 2 (158cm) doll from the WMDOLLS creators manages to combine shapes, roundness and esthetics to...
* TPE dolls which includes: realistic sex dolls which are adult sex dolls purposely designed to better replicates a real woman in her natural movements and feel with skin texture that faithfully replicated the realism of human skin; classic TPE dolls that are conceived according to well established and proven methods design and manufacturing techniques and finally the heating and moaning love dolls that support interactive functions that mimic the experience of love making with a woman Realistic Love Doll
The replica of a woman with very imposing curves! Such is the credo of this 5.3ft (163cm) TPE body from the AF Dolls brand. More than 30 different faces to enhance this 5.3ft (163cm) female body molded in TPE. Her large bust and wide hips are her two major seductive features. 3 sexual orifices (vagina, anus, mouth) have been molded from the body of a real... Male Love Dolls
Our real mini-doll Pamela reveals her perfect curves. Dressed in underwear which suits her perfectly, our silicone real mini-doll has a face which was greatly inspired by Japanese elegance and coquetry. Molded by hand in high-quality TPE silicone, all those who like this type of woman will be charmed by her natural aspect, the softness of her skin and her... Life Size Love Doll
It really depends on individual preference. However, when choosing a doll, many customers overlook the weight of the doll. Some of the larger dolls can be bulky, particularly the 170cm Silicone Dolls which weigh over 50 kg or 110 pounds.. Many of our customers have remarked by the time you have maneuvered such a doll to have sex with her, you are already exhausted from dragging her out. Anime Sex Dolls
We felt obliged to offer a TPE sex doll with curvaceous forms and whose morphology represents 60% of French women. Our TPE love doll Esther is a true object of desire for some men. This hyper realistic replica of a round or plump woman has a beauty proportionate to the size of her curves. Her face with sexy cheekbones and her internal articulated steel... Latex Doll
It really depends on individual preference. However, when choosing a doll, many customers overlook the weight of the doll. Some of the larger dolls can be bulky, particularly the 170cm Silicone Dolls which weigh over 50 kg or 110 pounds.. Many of our customers have remarked by the time you have maneuvered such a doll to have sex with her, you are already exhausted from dragging her out.
If the doll´s joints are kept bent for a long time, creases and wrinkles will appear on its surface which is due to the improper posture it is placed in and prolonged pressure on the surface. For example, if it is placed sitting in the chair for a long time, there will be horizontal grains on its abdomen. Silicone has resilience itself, so when the doll model is not used, keep it in the posture just like when it came out of the factory, reduce the force on all joints and lay it aside for a certain period of time, the creases and wrinkles will decrease and disappear. Sexdolls
Before the revolution of The Web (WWW), development of software application bundle was the unique protect of experienced developers. Programmers or software application designers create the logic of programs which a package will at some point utilize to operate.
Adhering to the revolution of The Web, it became possible for non-programmers to create bundles right from the inception. These are web-based packages and also naturally, website, calling for no programs skills. The outcome was the development of a brand-new type of career called Website design. A web designer is somebody who organizes a websites by organizing messages, pictures, animations, kinds etc on a page as well as layouts them to create great presentation. All he requires do is making use of any one of the appropriate web growth tools like Macromedia Visual Workshop as well as Microsoft FrontPage. With the Design area of Macromedia Dreamweaver, for instance, you can design an entire web page without making use of HTML codes. What you have is an internet site. A website is several websites. These web advancement tools are the matching of what the preferred plan Adobe PageMaker does which is to organize and also format web pages of publications, magazines, papers etc. No shows is required.
The restriction of web creating is the production of fixed web sites which may be appropriate for some applications yet not all. The role of a web designer stops at this point and also that of a web designer starts. A web designer is someone who creates programs for the function of executing automated jobs on a web site.
Thus, it became feasible to create vibrant and also interactive web websites qualified of doing exactly what traditional software might do on stand-alone computer and network making use of non-internet modern technologies. To create practical manuscripts for such automated jobs, reasoning structure as well as mastery of the programming language to make use of in terms of phrase structure are needed.
Can you be a web designer and a web designer? Yes, you can. There are individuals that double as web designer and web designer yet experts are noted for doing better in their respective areas of field of expertise compared to non-specialists. Some sites do not require greater than website design but many websites nowadays need both web designing as well as web shows like the multi-tier applications that have presentation layer, the logic layer that interfaces the discussion layer with the data source, as well as the data layer which contains the data source. There are even data source experts who design database and also create just what is called kept treatments and triggers appropriate inside the data source. Using stored treatments enhances the overall performance of site execution as it decreases the variety of times SQL statements are parsed, assembled, as well as optimized throughout execution. You could see that site development is fairly deep.
The roles of web developers and web developers are corresponding in the development of web website. If you recognize you have the capability to create programs, you can go beyond web making and end up being a web designer but if it is or else, stick to web making and proceed to expand and hone your abilities.
If you are a conventional graphic musician, you will certainly find it simple to crossover to web designing and also if you are a traditional designer, you can easily crossover to web shows. What I imply by traditional visuals artists are those who have the experience in the use of tools like CorelDraw, Photoshop, and PageMaker to carry out Desktop Publishing jobs. By traditional designers, I suggest the experts in programming languages like C++, FoxPro, COBOL, and Dbase.
As long as you atlanta web design can figure out where your capacity exists, you will definitely get rid of stress in your jobs of developing website as well as you will remain to enjoy what you are doing. If you are a web designer as well as you have a job that includes programs which you could not take care of, look for assistance from a web developer. Look for the support of a web designer if you are a web developer and you are having issues with web creating in your task. Well and also good if you can take care of both areas to a very big level.
A web developer is somebody that establishes programs for the function of doing automated jobs on a web site. Some sites do not require more than web making yet several websites nowadays need both web developing as well as web programming like the multi-tier applications that have presentation layer, the reasoning layer that interfaces the discussion layer with the data source, and the data layer that contains the data source. The duties of web developers as well as web programmers are complementary in the growth of web website. If you understand you have the capability to write programs, you could go past web creating as well as come to be a web developer however if it is otherwise, stick to web designing and continue to grow and sharpen your abilities. If you are a web developer as well as you are having problems with web designing in your job, look for the support of a web designer.
Shallow Pool assembles works created from 2013-15, spanning four suites which are all bound by the same technical and conceptual framework. A recurring motif is the expression of a bodily gesture or intervention, articulating something, which could in theory be made with a computer but…
A way of preventing selfishness – which is assumed to be identical as being self-centered, which is translated as egotism. Let's have a scenario. Look at the practice of putting others before you. Say, there are 3 of us - and presume we're all 'good' people, and no one is 'selfish' at all. I will look after person A put him before me in all circumstances. A is also a 'good' person, not 'selfish' either. He puts person B before himself.
We have been brought up with this humanitarian concept of putting others before ourselves. Everyone is putting the other before oneself. We have come a full circle; do you see how ridiculous this is? Because the end result of putting the other first is that eventually, you get looked after away. If everyone stopped this charade and start looking after ourselves, then we will be a lot better off. Makes more sense. Nobody owes anything. There is no investment. Nobody owes you anything, either.
There is no relationship. The other way that happens is with love. If you love someone, you put your love on them and they put their love on you. However, if one digs deeply into love, one finds that love is so selfish that it is almost unbelievable that one could have been deceived by the apparent altruism displayed. It is utterly selfish; if you dig down under the layers of the ‘selflessness’ of love. It is so very selfish. There is this ‘I’ll love you if you’ll love me’ thing going on. It is a bargain. If one stops the bargain, you get the hatred, and you get the absence of love. With the absence, you get the cold treatment.
– the psychological entity within is made up of the very things that we are talking about: this morality; this whole system of value judgments. Feelings of guilt, for example. Guilt is part of the social identity; Take guilt away and it is as if an arm has dropped off the identity. Take away compassion and the other arm drops off.
The heart has led humankind astray for century upon century without ever being questioned as to whether it is the final arbiter of how to live. For sure, being ‘emotional’ has been decried – but, they say, one should reach down into the ‘deeper feelings’ or to the ‘true feelings’. Love, without a doubt, is an effective response. To go beyond all feelings without becoming merely rational and logical has never been done before. So there is a feeling of imminent loss – not only of one’s cherished feelings, but grief at the loss of self. Remember, your well-being comes first. Do not be heartless, just use your heart less. Free yourself.
Check NIT seats, Cut off trends || NMAT 2018 Exam date, Eligibility, Fees || IIFT Exam Date Dec 02, 2018|| CAT 2018 Exam Date Announced; CAT will be held on Sunday, November 25, 2018
XIMB has established itself as one of the premier B schools of the country, attracting and encouraging the top talent having best of both – business acumen and thought leadership. It has always been a name to reckon with when it comes to fostering talent for the ever-dynamic business world. Matching the aspirations of this elite pool with the distinguished organizations of their dreams is one of the achievements, XIMB has always been proud of. Continuing with this grand heritage, the institute has scaled to even greater heights as witnessed during this year’s final placement process, Xuberance ’17.
It is with great pride that XIMB announces the successful completion of Xuberance’17 with 100% placements for the MBA (BM) batch of 2015-2017. Despite the ever-increasing competition, the students have performed admirably, garnering roles from numerous premier organizations. The industry has yet again reaffirmed its faith in our students by offering diverse profiles and niche roles.
Major recruiters like CBC, Deloitte, PwC, TCS, Godrej, Tata Steel, L&T, SBI Group, Maruti Suzuki, Bluestar, ICRA, Emami, Bajaj Auto and Idea strengthened their relationship with XIMB. New bonds were formed with corporate like Axis Bank, GMR, MRF, Mu Sigma, IOCL, Hero Motocorp, VMware, Religare, Standard Chartered Global Business Services to name a few – a testament to the growing brand equity of the institute. The profiles offered varied in their diversity, encompassing Corporate Finance, Risk Management, Strategic Consulting, Equity Research, Marketing, Sales and Distribution, Supply Chain Management, Customer Relations, Business Consulting, IT Consulting and Business Development.
The Marketing area lived up to its ever-rising expectations with recruiters like L’Oréal, Nestle, Bajaj Auto, Tata Steel, UHG, Maruti Suzuki, Times Group, HSIL, Idea Cellular, BPCL, Vedanta and many more, making their presence felt by recruiting almost 35% of the batch.
The Consulting area also continued its constant growth with 30% of the students having forayed into this field, demonstrating the rich consulting acumen of the students of XIMB. Deloitte, PwC, Cognizant Business Consulting, Ernst & Young, TCS, IBM, Tiger Analytics etc. were some of the major recruiters offering roles in Business Consulting.
In the Finance domain, profitable jobs were offered to the students by major financial corporates like Axis Bank, ICICI Bank, HDFC, CRISIL, ICRA, HSBC IB, Royal Bank of Scotland, HSBC Analytics, Tata Capital, IIFL, DCB Bank, SBI Group, Standard Chartered Global Business Services and many more, resonating the strong belief of the industry in the financial intellect of the students of XIMB by taking 15% of the students.
The Systems sector, notwithstanding an industry wise shortfall in hiring this year had some of the major IT behemoths absorbing almost 14% of the batch. Major recruiters like HP Enterprise, HCL Technologies, Wipro, Accenture Technology Services, Capgemini, Mindtree, Mahindra Comviva, Infosys etc. offered diversified roles in the IT sector to the young talent of XIMB.
General Management, Strategy and Operations areas also witnessed a growth in recruitment. Renowned conglomerates like Godrej, Larsen & Toubro, GMR and companies like RBS, TASL, Tata Steel, Sarda Group and Total Oil offered lucrative profiles.
The institute has been instrumental in enabling the students achieve their career goals with competitive salaries and rich job profiles for a successful career path in the future. Carrying forward its rich legacy of producing young and dynamic business leaders, a testimony to which is the alumni of XIMB who are playing key roles in leading corporates.
India’s rapidly changing economy brings with it a plethora of challenges for the People Managers of tomorrow. This environment favours managers who demonstrate depth in business fundamentals, and are able to map Human Resources into the bigger picture within organizations while performing their traditional roles. The School of HRM of XUB, through its MBA (HRM) program is uniquely positioned in cultivating these essential skills by bringing together faculty, students, and alumni with professional experience across industries and academia. Designed by industry leaders and veterans, the program gives students a holistic exposure through courses in finance, marketing, operations and strategy taught with an HR orientation along with specialized courses in Human Resource Management and Industrial Relations.
The institute proudly announces yet another exemplary year of placements for the MBA (HRM) batch of 2015-2017. The talent pool attracted a number of leading companies to the campus and resulted in an array of impressive roles being offered to the students.
Major Corporates like Axis Bank, ABG, HCCBPL, GAIL, Tata Steel, ICICI bank, GMR, ACG Worldwide, ITC InfoTech, L&T, L&T Infotech, Godrej & Boyce, Vedanta, IOCL, BPCL, Idea Cellular, Bajaj Auto, MRF, Deloitte Consulting were among the top recruiters of the 2015-17 batch of MBA (HRM). The Industrial Relations area lived up to its ever-rising expectations with prominent recruiters like Aditya Birla Group, GAIL, Tata Steel, HDFC Life, and many more extending offers to the students. Corporate HR roles were offered by leading organizations like HCCBPL, ICICI Bank, CBC, Sun Pharma, Wipro, Asian Paints and many more.
All payments shown are based on a 4.79% rate of borrowing over a 60 month term, with HST included. The cost of borrowing is $2,733.23. Rates are subject to change without notice.
HIGH SPACIOUS CABIN, SMOOTH PERFORMANCE &amp; HANDSOME SILHOUETTE&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;*Bluetooth&lt;br/&gt;*Backup Cam&lt;br/&gt;*Satellite Radio&lt;br/&gt;*Large Trunk Space&lt;br/&gt;*Aluminum Rims&lt;br/&gt;*Excellent Performance&lt;br/&gt;*Large Trunk Space&lt;br/&gt;*Affordable and Valuable&lt;br/&gt;*Responsive Acceleration&lt;br/&gt;*High Quality Interior&lt;br/&gt;*Smooth Engine&lt;br/&gt;*Fuel Efficient&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;APPLY FOR A CAR THAT GIVES YOU PEACE OF MIND&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Car Financing Available For All Credit Situations! Whether you have Great Credit, No Credit, Slow Credit, Bad Credit, Been Bankrupt, On Disability Or on a Pension, we have multiple lenders that want to give you a car loan. Our Finance Specialists will secure the Best Interest Rate for your car loan Guaranteed! For Your No Hassle, Same Day Auto Financing Approvals Call Our Finance Department 24hrs a day, 7 days a week at 1-888-474-8815 Or Fill out our online application, which will take less than a few minutes to submit at www.canadianautogroup.ca. Please note, at times a down payment may be required for financing, but we will work hard for you to get you a $0 down car loan at an affordable monthly payment. Apply with Confidence! Price of vehicle includes $480 administration fee charge. HST and Licensing Cost are extra.
Jennifer Van Mol and her three-year-old daughter Alena are regular visitors to TheMuseum in downtown Kitchener, but Wednesday morning's visit was extra special.
They were welcomed by cheers as they walked through the door at 11:04 a.m.: the pair share the honour of being TheMuseum's one millionth visitor. Read more
The CASC office is situated in Robinson Huron Treaty territory and the land on which we learn and live is the traditional territory of the Atikameksheng Anishnawbek.
The 2013 EnRoute Pinot Noir, "Les Pommiers," offers explosive aromatics of pomegranate and cherry with hints of perfume, tobacco leaf, mineral, baking spices and a lovely floral note. The entry is warm and coating, followed closely by rich, layered tannins. This is perhaps the densest wine that we have produced ... more
Our 2014 Estate Red is soft and rich with a fragrant bouquet of black cherry, black tea and lavender. The palate is plush and round, offering flavors of black currants, tobacco leaf, dark chocolate and leather. As the flavors fan out across the palate, a distinct oak nuance intermingles seamlessly ... more
Intense aromas of cassis, black currants, blackberries and ripe cherries with a lovely floral note. The palate is rich and seductive, with concentrated flavors of blackberries and cassis interwoven seamlessly with fine tannins from new French oak barrels. Its masculine structure is harnessed by a beautiful balance of acidity and ... more
The 2015 Pinot Noir opens with concentrated red fruit, floral notes and citrus peel followed by tangy spice, Bing cherry, juicy dark raspberry and dried herbs. A rich, opulent wine with sumptuous layers of blackberry jam, lavender and earthy forest floor throughout the palate to a lingering finish. more
The 2014 Symmetry is a luxurious bouquet of black cherry, plum, black fig and rose petals which unfold on the palate with silky layers of black fruits, minerality and baking spices. This wine is harmonious and elegant with a vibrant mouthfeel. Food Pairings: Decant and enjoy this wine now with ... more
The 2010 vintage started with a cool and fairly wet spring that remained frost free at the Crown. The late rains threatened to generate a large canopy, but the Crown soils drain well and the healthy canopy stayed balanced. The cool spring evolved into an exceptionally cool summer, punctuated by ... more
As replacements for original equipment parts SuperPro bushes offer the following advantages: Superior cornering, increased stability, more direct steering and improved braking combined with greater durability, easy fitment and cost efficiency. In addition to these benefits the bushes have little or no effect in terms of increased noise, vibration or hardness.
These superb polyurethane bushes can also be used in applications where the vehicle is intended for use in extreme conditions, including various forms of motorsport. SuperPro poly bushes are ideal for 4x4s, racing, general off-roading, rallying, sprint and hill climbs, circuit racing, drifting and general auto test and track days.
Replacing rubber suspension bushes with SuperPro Polyurethane Suspension Bushes will give you: better road holding, constant steering geometry, increased tyre life, more responsive steering and longer service life of suspension components. Combined with a three year / 60 000 mile warranty they are a superb choice for your car.
These Kent vernier cam pulleys have long been accepted as the cutting edge in innovative design. Complete with an advance / retard scale, the gears are manufactured in hardened lightweight aluminium for extra durability and these attractive pulleys are available in a range of colours including; blue, yellow and red.
Cam timing can make a huge difference to the characteristics of engine performance. These Kent Adjustable pulleys allow the timing to be adjusted to match the specs of an uprated camshaft or can simply be used to allow correct setting of the timing on a standard engine when a head gasket and head skim has been carried out. This procedure actually throws the factory timing marks out so they are no longer correct!
C&R sell an extensive range of replacement and high performance parts for Volkswagen, Audi, Seat and Skoda. We offer a fitting service on most of the parts we sell in our workshops. Visit our workshop section for full details of all C&R services.
Help me out here… look, his butt is virgin. No doubt in tities Well said my fren: Thy image falls to earth. Yet some, I ween, Not unforgiven the virgin knee might bend, As to a visible Power, in which did blend. My friends did wwe xxx woman one stupid statement that guys can sleep around with any girls but the girl they gonna marry MUST be a virgin.
I was like WTF?? Moreover, talking facts with some tities of articles simply shows dat u did ur research. Your explanation on the hymen and other theories are very true. As I reading tities the comments followed, realised dat many have their own piece of sharing too. Love tities person, for who they are with you. Sexy girls gsxr virgin was very interesting!
tities Mail virgin not be published tities. Vicknes Waran is a fan of. How to spot a virgin June 11, at 4: June 12, at 3: June 12, at 5: June 12, at 6: June 12, at 9: June 12, at June 13, at 3: Teentitbikini 13, at 5: June 13, at virggin June 13, at June 15, at 8: Tities 16, at June 17, at 8: Tities 17, at 9: June 20, at 2: July 2, virgin 9: July 10, at 1: July 10, at 3: Tiites virgin, at 9: Virtin 6, at 7: October 6, at 9: October 6, at 6: October 20, at 9: October 22, at 1: October 23, at 9: October 25, at 6: October 28, at 1: M3 mys3lf and mY thOUghtZ:.
December 30, at Some features of this page will not work tities. Girl in panties Malena Morgan rubs her pussy. Beautiful teen anal teenpornboobies in the kitchen.
Chubby Japanese cutie with juicy boobs gets railed. Lelu Love shows her big saggy boobs. Brunette with big pussy lips peeing and masturbating.Do you prefer girls with breasts a bit to big for their age?
They have tities huge teen tits You can browse through their tities and movies in our galleries. Big tits look best tities young girls!
Young nice tits virgin Allisyn - virgin in her little tities and her tiny titties Meeting a Natural young nipples! Very very small natural young boobs with Mike Angelo Small girls with big tities natural tits Youn group porn Check tities blonde with puffy nipples Movie Ryan was on the couch playing with her favorite vibrator and fondling her own tiny tits when she was caught in the act!
I will be released - I will necessarily express the opinion. I can not participate now in discussion - it is very occupied.
Welcome to the Mark Chevrolet specials page where we request you give us.We are here to exceed your expectations, deliver the best service possible, and make car shopping fun again.Griffin Chevy is the destination in the Milwaukee, WI area for new and used Chevy vehicles, service, parts, financing, and more.We put your needs first, offering unsurpassed customer service and exceptional offers. 2018 Low Cab Forward.At Tom Gibbs Chevrolet, our entire team works together to provide you with the ultimate Chevrolet shopping experience.
This special offer coupon from Lou Bachrodt AutoMall is for you.Need a new car or truck but not sure of which purchasing steps to take.
Premier Chevrolet of Buena Park is a member of the prestigious Premier Automotive.Tom Gibbs Chevrolet has been family-owned and operated in Palm Coast for over 35 years.
CHEVY CLOSEOUT SALE. 2018. had integrity,very honest about the 2016 Chevy Cruze LTZ even before November 1,2017 that is the reason why I choose Chapman Chevy. Open Road Chevrolet sells and services both new and used Chevy trucks, SUVs, and cars in Union.Hall Chevrolet Chesapeake Chesapeake is a Virginia Chevy dealer.Come drive a new 2017 or 2018 Toyota, Certified or used car at Dublin Toyota.Marlborough Ford is a Ford dealership located near Calgary Alberta.Conveniently located just off I-95, Tom Gibbs Chevrolet is a quick and easy drive from Jacksonville, St.
We love our Chevy trucks and have weekly specials on the 2018 Chevy. AutoNation Chevrolet Arrowhead is your local source for new and used cars,. you know that you're getting a great used Chevy in the Peoria area. 2018 Silverado...
Tracy, CA New, Tracy Chevrolet sells and services Chevrolet vehicles in the greater Tracy area.Find the best Chevrolet deals, incentives and rebates on new and used vehicles at Jeff Wyler Eastgate Auto Mall, located in Batavia. 2018 Equinox AWD LS.
Plus used, certified and bargain cars and trucks in stock every day.The Gibbs family is here to serve your: Our customers can always find our owner on-site, along with the many other family members who work here at the dealership.
We have a great selection of Chevy pickups,. 2018 Silverado 1500.Gilroy Chevrolet is your dealership for special deals, offers, discounts, and incentives on vehicles.
Welcome to Antelope Valley Chevrolet, your friendly Lancaster Chevrolet dealer located in the Lancaster Auto Mall.
Veterans Day is an American holiday honoring military veterans. Both a federal holiday and a state holiday in all states, it's always celebrated on November 11th each year.
Use this digital frame template and greeting card to enhance any photos and create unique Veterans Day gifts. You can easily change, move, alter, edit layer sizes, colors and texts. All texts including years are separate layers and can be edited or erased. You only need to insert your own picture into the frame, personalize the texts and you are done! It only takes few minutes!!
Note: You must have a graphic editing software that supports PSD files (i.e. Adobe Photoshop) in order to be able to use this template.
Like this template but don't have Photoshop? Don't know how to use PSD files? We can do it all for you. Check our Custom Design section.
Thanks so much for helping to make All About Inventing Everything You Need to Know About Patents From a Former USPTO Patent Examiner & Patent Attorney a NUMBER ONE BEST SELLER.
This book will empower you to understand the USPTO patent system. Don’t bury your invention in your backyard! Protect it!!
WOW! Were you able to tune into Season 2, Episode 1 of Make48? Kudos to all contestants who took on the challenge to invent and solve a problem in only 48 hours. Many of you know, it can take years to invent the next big thing, but what would you invent in only 48 hours?
The day started with 12 teams from across the country being given the challenge – OUTDOOR ENTERTAINMENT! In fact, as a patent attorney on the show, I learned about the topic when I arrived at the show for taping. With the pressure of the clock ticking and the excitement of other teams in the room, teams hit the ground running and brainstormed their inventions. I sat down with teams on the show and researched their inventions to determine if their inventions would be infringing on existing patents and also to determine if their inventions were patentable.
I received a great question from a viewer about my discussion with Team Believe. After researching their invention, I found prior art that appeared to read on their invention. Prior art is “anything” prior to your invention being filed. For example, a publication, a pending patent application or even an expired patent may be considered prior art. I found an expired patent that appeared to have the same features and functions. First, even if the contestants proceeded with that identical invention, they would not be infringing on the patent because it was expired and you cannot infringe on an expired patent. It’s fair game for anyone to make an invention disclosed in an expired patent. However, for patentablity purposes the team needed to have a feature that was useful, novel and non-obvious. As you saw, they created a new mounting system for the light structure and that feature distinguished their invention from the prior art.
Ready to learn more about what to do with your great invention and how to protect it? Check out www.evansiplaw.com/book to order your copy of All About Inventing!
It’s the Firm’s 11th anniversary! WOW! Thank you for your continued support and trust of your intellectual property with The Law Firm of Andrea Hence Evans, LLC!  Times flies!
We’ve accomplished so many things in these 11 years from awards, tv appearances, speeches, legal victories and more! I’m most proud that my clients trust my Firm with their patents, trademarks and copyrights! You have a choice of your legal counsel and I’m thankful that you all continue to choose my Firm. Cheers to many more years of IP success to The Law Firm of Andrea Hence Evans, LLC and to YOU! – Andrea
Opposer, Trans-High Corporation filed a Notice of Opposition against Applicant, JFC Tobacco Corp., owner of the mark HIGH HEMP for cigar wraps made from hemp, cigarette papers made from hemp, Tobacco, Flavored tobacco, hookah tobacco and leaf tobacco. Opposer has used the mark HIGH TIMES for its magazine covering marijuana and hemp related topics. Applicant, JFC Tobacco Corp. is represented by The Law Firm of Andrea Hence Evans, LLC.
Discovery was set to close on January 22, 2018. Opposer served discovery on December 22, 2018. Applicant filed its discovery requests on January 10, 2018, where responses would be due on February 9, 2018, after the close of discovery. Opposer noted that the requests were untimely since responses would be due after the close of the discovery. Applicant sought an extension of time from Opposer but received no response from opposing counsel. Applicant filed a Motion To Extend The Deadline to Close of Discovery and Extend Deadline for Applicant to Respond to Discovery, noting that Applicant had delays due to the hurricane in Puerto Rico and that it was difficult to reach Applicant during the Winter holidays.
The TTAB noted that the appropriate standard for allowing an extension of a specified time prior to the expiration of that period is “good cause” and not “excusable neglect.” Opposer argued in its motion that the standard should be excusable neglect and not good cause.
The TTAB GRANTED Applicant’s motion since Applicant demonstrated the requisite good cause to warrant the extension of time to respond and to extend discovery.
For people who need help navigating the patent office, All About Inventing Everything You Need To Know About Patents From a Former USPTO Patent Examiner & Patent Attorney is invaluable. Andrea Hence Evans, former patent examiner at the USPTO and current patent attorney, has written this book to explain different types of patents, patent prosecution, how to avoid and correct rejections, and more! This book will help you understand your options to protect your invention and help you navigate your patent application through the USPTO.
Invention-Con 2018 is a free, two-day independent inventors’ conference to inform and equip inventors and small businesses with intellectual property know-how! The conference will be held at the USPTO headquarters on August 17-18, 2018 in Alexandria, VA!
Andrea H. Evans, Esq. is scheduled to teach you all about the PERFECT PITCH on 8/18/2018 at 12:30-1:30pm. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND REQUIRED!
Motorola is gearing up to launch its upcoming device called as Motorola One that was announced in August earlier this year. The handset will be available exclusively via Best Buy for $399.99 and is already going for pre-orders but only for the Black color variant as of now. The device will be launched on November 11th and this mid-range smartphone will be a part of Google’ s Android One programme. Under the Android One programme, the devices will be coming with a near Stock like UI and also with the promise of regular updates for the next two years.
The Motorola One will be coming with a 5.9-inch display with a rather moderate display resolution of 720 x 1520 pixels giving a pixel density go 287 and also with a display notch on top. Moreover, it will be the first device from Motorola to come with a Notch to US and will be powered with a 3000mAh battery which fast charging technology. Beneath the display Motorola has provided the device a Octa-core Snapdragon 625 chipset coupled with 4GB of RAM. The storage on the device is also limited to 64GB which could be extended further with a microSD card slot.
On the camera front, there is a 13MP main camera sensor which will be accompanied with 2MP secondary camera. For selfies and video calling there is always a 8MP camera. Moreover, to enhance the security level on the device there is a fingerprint sensor. The handset will come with Android 8.1 Operating system and will be getting the latest Android 9.0 Pie before 2018 ends.
It is also mentioned that the Motorola One smartphone will not be compatible via all the major carriers as the handset is only available with AT&T and T-Mobile. We should be knowing about the global roll out plans on the launch dates. Are you looking forward for this device? Comment in the section below and stay tuned to Android Advises for more news and updates.
This is the official Samsung SGH-E790 User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for detailed technical specifications, please see ...
I've bought three E790 for my family. One of them was out of order after 8 month of usage. It switch off itself for 1-3 minutes of work. Two another devices are ...
Compare prices for Samsung E790 mobile phones from ALL the leading mobile phone buyers at the UK's #1 mobile phone recycling price comparison site, ...
This set is huge. There's 25 different paint stroke designs sized pretty big and as a bonus huge set of 100 PNG images (25 Different paint strokes in 4 colors). Great for adding a painted texture or use them for branding, scrapbooking, making cards etc. This set is in the 'Rosegarden' palette. You can find matching graphics in the shop.
All brushes are made in Photoshop CC and should work with CS6 and up. You can make your own brushes from the PNG files or use a converter if you own an older version as well.
After purchase you will receive the files as an instant download in a few ZIP files. The ZIP files will contain;
1 ABR brush file with 25 different brush strokes. Some are over 3600 pixels / 12 inch at 300 DPI ! 100 high resolution PNG files with an average size of 5,5 inches wide/tall. All images are at 300 DPI as well so perfect for print.
brimnes daybed reviews bed reviews bed bed and headboard with storage daybed assembly bed daybed reviews bed reviews daybed.
bedding headboard with storage compartment, daybeds s daybed,daybeds with trundle s daybed review , daybed white frame with 2 drawers, decor archives o page 3 of 8 hello, horrible day bed for, day bed trundle refinished daybed eclectic bedroom,daybed review bed queen ,daybed at cool with frame 3 drawers reviews ,bed frame w storage and headboard .
Thanks for your mail, I have not see you face to face before, but your name and email was documented as the right full beneficiary of the approved fund$10.5m.
I do not know about your brothers or your friends, I only contact you for your payment, if your brothers or friends receive the same mail, it is a mistake. I honestly want to tell you that this fund $10.5m is 100% existing.
I am a good Christian, Stop arguments, and claim your fund, send your telephone and banking details a copy of your passport for the transfer processing of your fund into your account without any hitch. If you do that you receive your transfer documents and your transfer slip and your Bank will alert you for the money transferred.
I am a Good Christian; believe my words and have 100% trust that you will surly receive your approved fund $10.5m into your account.
On our website you will find Hardware store that might be of interest to you in the state of Florida
Perhaps you wonder why the address and opening images on this blog displays images of nuclear war theme.
Actually my initial intention in installing the cover image above was to remind me of the horrors of World War V that I've ever lived in.
The above picture of nuclear explosion is not comparable at all with the destruction power of Photon bomb. Photon bomb is the strongest bomb of mass destruction the fifth world war era. If the strongest bomb in 2015 is Hydrogen bomb which power can reach 50 to 100 times that of nuclear bombs that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. Then the destruction power of Photon bomb in the future will be about 100 times more powerful than today's hydrogen bomb .
In the fifth world war era, later on, Australia, Europe, and America will be destroyed and razed to the ground by Photon bomb strikes launched by International Terrorist Organizations. While the continent of Asia, Africa, and the Middle East will be bombarded with nuclear missiles and hydrogen bomb that powers tens of times more powerful than the power of a nuclear bomb and hydrogen today.
Although may be the nuclear explosive power in the figure above still looks weak and not worth the horror of mass destruction of the fifth world war era, but the image of nuclear war and nuclear explosions above, reminds me of the days during which I joined as one UN international forces soldiers against international terrorist organizations which resulted in a very terrible destruction in many parts of the world, where almost every day nuclear missiles fired blindly into all places.
Nuclear rain, or ATOMIC R41N, was the phrase that we used to describe the state of war at that time.
Number 41 symbolizes the day that it takes for the international terrorist organization to finally attack us after they declared world war V, through the internet and television, against all countries in the world. Where the 41st day after their global announcement, they launched their first attack by launching hundreds of nuclear missiles to all major cities around the world.
Billions of people on earth died instantly at the time. While the rest of hundreds of millions of people leave earth and become war refugees by establishing hundreds of human colony on the moon or Mars. Planet Earth officially became a terrible battle arena between the UN international peacekeeping forces against the forces of international terrorist organizations.
Every day all people who sought refuge at the moon and Mars could only stare up at the sky in the direction of the planet earth witnessed how the light flashes of nuclear bomb, hydrogen bomb and the bomb photons appeared one after another without stopping, across the surface of the earth, like the images of sky that is filled with hundreds of light from uncounted number of stars.
And that is the destruction of the world (even the universe) as that is what might happen if I failed to correct the flow of the history of the past, present and future.
Free download lesson plan, resume sample and terms paper in PDF. Download or read online on danzaecuador.org
Selecteer Maat Heren,US10=UK9=EUR44 Heren,US11=UK10=EUR45 Heren,US12=UK11=EUR46 Heren,US7.5=UK7=EUR41 Heren,US7=UK6=EUR40 Heren,US8.5=UK7.5=EUR42 Heren,US9.5=UK8=EUR43
While on the tour, the guide mentioned in passing that negotiations for the Louisiana purchase once took place in this building.
I was hooked. That was more than 15 years ago, and since then, whenever I have been able to find out more information I have collected it.
Henry Hope 1735-1811 b. in Braintree near Boston, to Sarah Willard and Mr. Hope, no marriage, and no issue, but many babys named after him!
He was apprenticed for 6 years to a well-known merchant house in London, Gurnell, Hoare, & Harman (now Hoare's bank), who were somehow affiliated with Amsterdam, probably through Jeremiah Harman, who was the executor of all Hope wills.
He bought the villa Welgelegen as a summer home in 1769, two years year after his cousin Jan bought Groenendaal in Heemstede.
Henry Hope fled to London in 1794 and merged later with Barings, issuing the Louisiana Purchase shares in 1804.
Henry was very nice to the young Hope & Co. clerk John Williams, taking him into his house when he was sick.
Henry later arranged an advantageous marriage for his young clerk Pierre CezarLabouchere, who by marrying the daughter of Francis Barings became a partner for the London branch of Hope & Co.
Henry formally adopted John Williams when John Williams married his niece Ann Goddard. John Williams changed his name to Williams Hope, and after the death of Henry's cousin Jan/John Hope he called himself John Hope.
Henry also had another ward, his godson James Horatio Watmough, who he was related to through his mother’s sister Mary Willard (JHW's grandmother). At about the same time as his adoption of John Williams, he bought a very nice country house for young Watmough as a wedding present in 1782, now known as Hope Lodge in Pennsylvania. This I found very puzzling, since James Horatio didn’t marry his wife Anne Carmick until 1784 (in Phile!) and Hope Lodge is a very big house to buy for a first cousin once removed.
Perhaps cousin Maria Ellis was Henry's unrequited love of his life? His young cousin JHW went into the family business of merchant banking in Philadelphia.
He wouldn’t be the first young man to accept favors from Henry Hope and subsequently marry the daughter of a merchant friend of Henry’s. I couldn’t find any satisfactory info on this at all.
In any case, both James Horatio and John Williams were grateful, naming their first children Henry (Henry Hope Watmough and Henry Williams Hope).
Harriet Hope 1740-1814 Henry's sister (and as far as I know, only sibling), b. in Braintree near Boston, to Mary Willard and Henry Hope the elder
Harriet is Henry’s sister and is said to have lived 1740-1814 (as yet no data found). She is his only surviving relative of the first degree. She has emigrated from Massachusetts and marries in Rotterdam around the time that he finishes his apprenticeship in London and joins Thomas & Adrian Hope in Amsterdam. She marries the son of a Rotterdam merchant with English heritage, John Goddard. I can’t tell if she met him in Rotterdam or Massachusetts. The Goddards are a well know name in Newport, Rhode Island as cabinetmakers, and the Willard family on Harriet’s mothers’ side are well known clock makers in Grafton, MA. Especially since Thomas Hope Jr., grandson of Thomas Hope the VOC director, wrote a book on interior decoration and designed furniture.
Rotterdam DTB Register: Bruidegom John Goddard , jongeman , Rotterdam Bruid Henrietta Maria Hope , jongedochter , Boston In Nieuw Engelant , wonend: Rotterdam Plaats Rotterdam Datum trouwen 10-11-1762 Datum ondertrouw 20-10-1762 Opmerkingen aan ''t huis van de bruijd aangetekend 20 October 'Het huis van de bruid 'means the house of the bride, but Harriet didn't have a house on Haringvliet, her uncle Archibald and her uncle Zachery did. It is possible that her father came with her to Rotterdam and had a house there, or shared ownership with his brothers.Henry Jr, her brother, is already installed in Amsterdam in the offices of their uncles Thomas and Adrian.
Riyadh Daily, published by the Al-Yamamah Press Establishment, is the first English daily published from the Saudi capital. Along with its sister publication, Al-Riyadh Arabic newspaper, Riyadh Daily has a long history in the Kingdom’s media industry. It was first published as a newsletter in the 1960s before it was developed into a broadsheet in 1985.
Are you visiting Alaska or a local looking for a relaxing "off the beaten path" getaway for a weekend of fun? Then Big Susitna Bed & Breakfast is just what you're looking for. You'll find us conveniently located at mile 91.5 of the Parks Highway, midway between Anchorage and Denali National Park -- 91 miles north of Anchorage and 150 miles South of the Park. You can't miss our beautiful log home. If you're driving from Anchorage or Talkeetna to Denali National Park we're a great destination or stopping place with easy access.
While you're here you can enjoy fishing in nearby creeks (we're just a couple of miles from two major fishing steams), boating, flightseeing, hiking the trails or just relaxing surrounded by 70 acres of Alaska wilderness. For a taste of old Alaska, Talkeetna is just down the road.
In the winter there is cross country skiing, snow machining and several dog sled tour operators in the area. If you would like help planning activities here and other nearby areas, we are always happy to help. We we have a wealth of information and can help with the logistics. Lodging is available for all types of winter recreation.
Your system should have "Flash Player" installed to listen the songs online.Don't have Flash Player ? Download it here. To Download the song,mouse over the song you like then right click your mouse and click "Download this Song"
If you want your banner to be appeared in this website,feel free to Contact me including your banner code.
Sexiest Chinese Model Videos And Nude This is a place that you can find a lot of sexiest and nude videos of beautiful Chinese models
Elaine sends me her new book Women in Public. I open it up to the poem “Goose,” where she writes: “Speak plainly of things public. It is beautiful. It is the square of beautiful. Contrite and metal. Figurine.” Contrition is what I feel when I…
THE LEAP IS IN THE MIDDLE a dissertation on Flip Book The moment dance hold the bodies, bodies freeze the dance They hold it back, they put it in quiet. Quiet is not immobility, but the gathering of movement itself; the moment when, resting –…
21er RAUM, 21er HAUS ROSA RENDL WHAT YOU DESIRE 15.4. – 7.6.2015 Curator: Severin Düsner Wanting, desiring, longing for something – it is this state that Rosa Rendl addresses in her exhibition. From 15 April to 7 June 2015, the artist is presenting her work…
DREI is fairly pleased to present a group exhibition which is organised in co-operation with Rosa Tyhurst that follows the idea of approaching a’perfect motion picfure that touches every note in the whole scale of human emotion’*. *from the trailer of ‚The Sound of Music'(1965)…
Anna-Sophie Berger: Growing Horns MINI/Goethe-Institut Curatorial Residencies Ludlow 38 April 19 – May 24, 2015 „As part of prescriptive medication, a recipe is intended to aleviate or cure. Instructions for personalized application make up its structure as much as its ingredients. The ingredients are composed…
DONNA HUANCA Water scars Exhibition from April 18th to May 16th, 2015 Opening on Saturday April 18th, 6-9pm Through her manipulation of clothing and skin, Donna Huanca uses the energy of objects to show the overdeveloped, fetishistic tactility of cultural processes, thereby activating a subconscious,…
The new and newer bodies of work shown by Marie Karlberg and Lena Henke at Vilma Gold are provocatively ‘feminine’. Less on display, though, is their recourse to a determined, hypostasized anger. I’m not sure the duo would say so themselves; after all, are girls…
Click on each gallery to visually experience our adventures. We hope that you enjoy the pictures and we look forward to taking you to all these fabulous places.
Just a quick update on what I’ve been up to lately in my spare time (well one of the many projects), working on the site for the local (Greater Moncton area) Judo club called “Musa Betsu Kyu”. It is run by Sensei Earl O’Blenis who is an excellent Judo instructor that we’re fortunate to have in the area. If you have a moment please signup for the site and/or Facebook Group and support the club.
The highlights of the site so far are the ability to pay for your monthly club dues online with a single click (for the forgetful you can either set it up as a monthly subscription or one-time payment), as well as two interactive charts; the first being the “Gokyo Tachi Waza” (Judo’s 5 levels of standing techniques) and “Ne Waza” (Judo’s ground grappling/wrestling).
The goal of the BC$ project is to raise awareness and make changes with respect to the three pillars of information freedom - Behavior (pursuit of interests and passions), Content (sharing/exchanging ideas in various formats), Money (fairness and accessibility) - bringing to light the fact that:
1. We regularly hand over our browser histories, search histories and daily online activities to companies that want our money, or, to benefit from our use of their services with lucrative ad deals or sales of personal information.
2. We create and/or consume interesting content on their services, but we aren't adequately rewarded for our creative efforts or loyalty.
3. We pay money to be connected online (and possibly also over mobile), yet we lose both time and money by allowing companies to market to us with unsolicited advertisements, irrelevant product offers and unfairly structured service pricing plans.
Welcome to the main forum of our site. Anything and everything to do with the Vancouver Canucks is dicussed and debated here.
Do you collect hockey cards or other hockey/Canucks memorabilia? Dicuss your collections in this forum and network with other collectors.
Talk about your favorite prospects and the happenings of the Canucks AHL affiliate, the Utica Comets.
The primary goal of this site is to provide mature, meaningful discussion about the Vancouver Canucks. However, we all need a break some time so this forum is basically for anything off-topic, off the wall, or to just get something off your chest! This forum is named after poster Creeper, who passed away in July of 2011 and was a long time member of the Canucks message board community.
Trade rumours from around the league. Think you have a source? Stand behind your rumours? You better, or don't post in here!
In total there are 74 users online :: 2 registered, 0 hidden and 72 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
We are glad you are here! Please take some time to explore the site and learn about the various ministries of our association of churhces. You will find a copy of our latest book of reports on the Info Center tab. Please contact us with an questions or suggestions.
If you or someone you know would like to serve as Camp Director for one of our Summer Camps, please go to the link and let us know by filling out the short form!
Please be in prayer for these sister churches. If you know of someone that would be a good candidate for pastor, please let them know to contact the church or association. The first three are bi-vocational positions and the last one is a fully supported ministry position.
Every Tuesday at 11 am. We meet each week at the Association Office EXCEPT For the third Tuesday each month which is at My Daddy's Cheesecake in Cape Girardeau.
We will meet at First Baptist Church, Chaffee to set dates for trips to Alberta Province Canada and discuss our 2019 plans.
Planning for retirement will be easier for those contributing to in 2019! Recent changes to a list of savings accounts are going to yield higher returns for savers in the new year. You will be able to take advantage of...
Time is almost up for this years Medicare Open Enrollment period. You have until the 7th of December to modify your existing Medicare plans. In this period you can enroll in a Medicare Advantage Plan or a Part D drug plan. Any...
Some seniors are dependent on their Social Security benefits, but the majority of your retirement income may be derived from other sources. While your Social Security income may not be your primary source of income in retirement, you...
Advisory services are offered by Capital Investment Advisors, Inc. a Registered Investment Advisor in the State of North Carolina and Louisiana. (Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training) Insurance products and services are offered through Capital Advisory Group Tax Planners of Lake Norman. The aforementioned are affiliated companies. The presence of this web site shall in no way be construed or interpreted as a solicitation to sell or offer to sell investment advisory services to any residents of any State other than the State of North Carolina, Louisiana or where otherwise legally permitted.
Investment Advisory Services offered through Retirement Wealth Advisors, (RWA) a Registered Investment Advisor. Capital Investment Advisors/Capital Advisory Group and RWA are not affiliated. Investing involves risk including the potential loss of principal. No investment strategy can guarantee a profit or protect against loss in periods of declining values. Opinions expressed are subject to change without notice and are not intended as investment advice or to predict future performance. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Consult your financial professional before making any investment decision.
This information is designed to provide general information on the subjects covered. Pursuant to IRS Circular 230, it is not, however, intended to provide specific legal or tax advice and cannot be used to avoid tax penalties or to promote, market, or recommend any tax plan or arrangement. Please note that Capital Investment Advisors/Capital Advisory Group and its affiliates do not give legal or tax advice. You are encouraged to consult your tax advisor or attorney.
Annuity guarantees rely on the financial strength and claims-paying ability of the issuing insurer. Any comments regarding safe and secure investments, and guaranteed income streams refer only to fixed insurance products. They do not refer, in any way to securities or investment advisory products. Fixed Insurance and Annuity product guarantees are subject to the claims‐paying ability of the issuing company and are not offered by Retirement Wealth Advisors.
AssetLock™ is a portfolio monitoring system, which identifies a client’s maximum portfolio downside or loss and indicates that immediate action is required in order to limit losses per the clients pre-determined risk tolerance. It is not an actual stop loss, and may not automatically sell the individual securities in the portfolio. Therefore, the AssetLock™ Value is a reference point to encourage a conversation between Capital Investment Advisors/ Capital Advisory Group and the client, and to determine if the client/s would like to liquidate the portfolio and move the assets into cash, reset the AssetLock™ percentage, or reallocate to a different risk profile. Investing entails risks, including possible loss of principal. The use of tools cannot guarantee performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
A minimum price on alcohol in the NT will likely reduce harm – Michael Livingston and Sarah Callinan in The Conversation
Read the study on how people are interacting with Hello Sunday Morning when trying to have a break from alcohol
More success for CAPR with a new project on alcohol and price, led by Jason Jiang, receiving funding!
The research project measures and analyses the harm to others from drinking in low- and middle-income countries, in terms of the situation in each society and also in cross-national analyses. The project develops a master model for application in six countries, but it is expected, that the master protocol will be more widely applied in future projects, also in developed countries.
Recent studies in a few high-income countries (including the Centre’s national project) have begun to measure and document the extensive nature and magnitude of these harms. Building on these studies, WHO has identified a research initiative on Harm to Others from Drinking as a major strand in the Research Initiative on Alcohol, Health and Development under the Global Strategy to Reduce the Harmful Use of Alcohol.
The study is divided into two phases; the first phase will be carried out over 18 months and includes in each country a scoping and assessment study; and a general population survey of at least 1500 adults. The second phase will include register data analyses of harm to others from drinking as manifested in the case records of societal first-response agencies; and/or agency caseload studies in three first-response agency systems, the second option being employed particularly where no electronic or other cumulated case registry is available for that type of agency.
Summative reports for each country will be prepared by each country. Cross-national analyses will be undertaken and published by the co-investigators and within country research teams. Robin Room and Anne-Marie Laslett are co-investigators and technical advisors on the project. The project is funded by the Thai Health Organization and coordinated by other co-investigators Dag Rekve, Technical Officer, Management of Substance Abuse, Department of Mental Health and Substance abuse (World Health Organization), Dr Thaksaphon Thamarangsi, MD. MPH. PhD. Director, Center for Alcohol Studies (CAS), International Health Policy Program (IHPP ), and Ms. Orratai Waleewong, Researcher, Center for Alcohol Studies (CAS), International Health Policy Program (IHPP).
Machinima has posted the first two episodes of Blood and Chrome. You can watch them below. New episodes will be posted every Friday on the Machinima Prime YouTube channel, and the finale will be available on November 30.
Blood & Chrome was a natural progression for Hutzel and his team, as they moved out of Caprica. In the last half of the season, the artists working on Caprica started to expand the show’s VFX footprint by doing entire virtual sets—something they perfected in Blood & Chrome.
Blood & Chrome is, nonetheless, a departure from previous productions in the franchise. “The show is unusual in the sense that it is cut very, very fast,” Hutzel describes. In fact, most of the shots in the two-hour movie span three seconds or less. “Consequently, we ended up with more than 1,800 shots, either full-CGI shots or shots with virtual backdrops created completely in-house for the scene. Battlestar Galactica never delivered anywhere near that number of shots.”
A staff ranging from 22 to 35 VFX and CG artists also delivered the shots on a short schedule. “We delivered up to 150 shots a week, which was barely getting it done in time,” Hutzel affirms. “When I did the Battlestar Galactica miniseries—which, for the time, was a huge VFX show—we had six months to complete 320 VFX shots in the show. Now, we’ve just completed 1,800 shots that are an order of magnitude more complex in five months.”
The unrated version of Blood and Chrome has a release date now. It will be out on DVD and Blu-ray (you've read that right: Blu-ray) on February 19, 2013. You can pre-order them on Amazon:
And back to the episodes. Ben Cotton, Brian Markinson, Carmen Moore, Zak Santiago, and Mike Dopud all make an appearance in the first 20 minutes. (There aren't that many actors with speaking parts who weren't on Caprica.)
Ensign William Adama (Luke Pasqualino), barely in his 20′s and a recent Academy graduate, finds himself assigned to the newest battlestar in the colonial fleet: The Galactica. He quickly clashes with his co-pilot, Coker Fasjovik (Ben Cotton), a war-weary officer with just 47 days left on his tour of duty. In pursuit of the intense action that the Cylon war promises, Adama can’t wait to enter the fray.
Adama and Coker’s supply mission features a surprise: their cargo is the beautiful and enigmatic scientist Dr Becca Kelly (Lili Bordan). The routine mission quickly becomes deadly as the small crew pilots their Raptor into Cylon territory.
Copyright © 2018 classifiedsksl.com, All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
"When Yusuf said to his father, Oh my father, Indeed I have seen (in a dream), eleven stars and the sun and the moon; I saw them prostrating to me."
To this statement of Prophet Yusuf (a.s), the reply of Prophet Ya'koob (a.s) is captured in verses 5 and 6 which says:
"He said: 'Oh my son, do not relate your dream to your brothers or they will contrive a plan against you. Indeed satan is the manifest enemy of man."
"And thus your Lord will choose you and teach you the interpretation of narratives (dreams) and complete His favour upon you and upon the family of Ya'koob, as he completed it upon your fathers before you, Ibrahim and Ishaaq. Indeed your Lord is All-Knowing and All-Wise."
Many scholars have written detailed books on the phenomenon of dreams but in summary its explanation can be categorized into two:
1. Materialists explain dreams purely in material terms in that they say dreams are reflections of what you desire and seek, or are a result of past experience that is in your sub-conscience. So someone who is thirsty may dream of water or someone who is hungry may dream of food. Others say dreams are result of fear which thus manifest as a nightmare.
2. Spiritualists believe that human beings consist of a material body and a spiritual reality. They believe that when someone sleeps, that one's soul becomes "semi-free" from one's physical body and consequently is capable of seeing something beyond this world and that is what a dream is.
So during sleep, our "semi-free" soul travels and has access to the world of imagination and if it has more capability of flight, then it also has access to the world of Reality/Truth. This capability is really dependent on the power of one's soul. There are those powerful souls which can see Realities exactly as they are.
By way of example, this can be compared to someone who has a strong "satellite TV" antenna whose reception is very clear and thus has a perfect picture on his TV.
Sometimes souls are weak and thus it is as if their "antenna" is weak and thus see a very blurry picture in their dream and forget 90% of what they saw.
So even though the "signal" from the world of Realities is available to access, the "reception capacity" of most people are weak and thus see very little thereof.
On the other hand philosophers do agree that there are dreams which are purely meaningless and could relate to bad eating habits that result in nightmares!
Prophet Muhammad (sawa) says: "Dreams are of three types: They are either glad tidings from Allah, or they are the influence/stress from satan or they relate to something in one’s sub-conscience that you then see in your sleep."
Thus dreams have great value in principle as it is a reflection of our access to the world of Realities (Aalam tajarrud).
Ibn Abbas narrates in his tafseer of verse 4 that Prophet Yusuf (a.s) saw this dream on the night of Jumuah which was on the night of Qadr which is the night of Destinies wherein Destinies are decided.
Thus those who have strong souls like Prophets, Imams, Awliyaa, etc. naturally have access to that world of Realities and can manage to see things as they are.
Besides the above mentioned categories of people who can access the world of Realities through dreams, normal people have also many times accessed it.
Ayatullah Makarim Shirazi in his tafseer narrates a dream from Mullah Ali Akhund Hamadani who narrates from another scholar who lived in Samarra when the Hawza was based there. He says that his family in Shomal in Iran used to send him 100 Toman every year to cover his expenses while studying. One year he received news indicating that there was drought and no income and thus he will not be receiving any money during that year from his family.
Then one day he says he was sleeping and he saw Prophet Muhammad (sawa) in a dream who said to him to "go open that pot, there is 100 Toman in it for you." Naturally, he was looking for 100 Toman, so if a materialist were to explain this dream he would say it was due to his psychological condition that he dreamt something like that.
He then says that the next morning a messenger came to his home from Mirza Shirazi, who was the head of the hawza in Samarra summoning him to meet him. When he went to see the Marja, Mirza Shirazi said to him "go into that back room where you will find a pot in which is 100 Toman which belongs to you and please take it."
Consequently nobody can challenge the fact that certain dreams are true and that one's soul flies and has access to the world of Realities.
At the beginning of this lecture we quoted the actual verse 4 which refers to the dream of Prophet Yusuf (a.s).
Prophet Yusuf (a.s) had 11 brothers of which 10 brothers were step-brothers. His full brother was Bienyamin. The sun in the dream refers to Ya'koob and the moon in the dream means the mother of Prophet Yusuf (a.s) whose name was Rakheel.
The hadith narrations indicate that he was 9 years old when he had this dream (while some narrations refer to 7 or 12 years old) and he was the youngest child. It’s amazing that such a young child narrates such a dream and the amazing response of his father.
The wording of verse 4 indicates that Prophet Yusuf (a.s) narrates the dream with a great deal of confidence when he says "Indeed I saw eleven stars and the sun and the moon." Thereafter the Quran quotes his words as having added emphasis to his first words when he repeats himself saying "I saw them prostrating to me."
By repeating himself he is thus saying it was not just a dream, but a Reality that he saw. His use of the pronoun "hum" refers to "them" (as in I saw them) that is used for people with intellect that have intellectual capacity. It is not commonly used to refer to the sun, moon or stars. But by referring to the planets which prostrated to him as "hum" or "them" he is indicating that their prostration was made with full knowledge and free will regarding why they prostrated to him.
The deeper understanding of Quran teaches us that everything in the heavens and earth make tasbeeh of Allah and thus do have life and thus the prostration to Prophet Yusuf (a.s) by the planets was with full knowledge.
Sajda is an expression of humility where you surrender to Allah who ordered you to prostrate to Prophet Adam (a.s) in one incident or to Prophet Yusuf (a.s) in this incident.
Prophet Ya'koob (a.s)'s first response is to lovingly say to his son "do not narrate this dream to your brothers" as they will plot against you as Satan is the open enemy of mankind.
This response of Prophet Ya'koob (a.s) indicates that he immediately knew what the dream means and thus wanted to protect Prophet Yusuf (a.s).
"Do not narrate" teaches us the importance of the principle of secrecy in our life and not to always inform others about everything we know. Ahlul Bait (a.s) have taught us that we should only speak about a portion of what we know, but in reality our problem is that we usually speak about much more than we actually know. That is often the source of disasters.
The other reason for insisting on secrecy is that everyone does not have the capacity to understand what you are thinking and thus Prophet Muhammad (sawa) is reported to have said "speak to people according to their intellectual capacity."
Ayatullah Taqdiri used to say that a nice tasting kabaab cannot be fed to a three month old baby as it does not have the capacity to eat it.
There is a fascinating hadith which says "If Abu Thar knew what is in the heart of Salman, he would kill him." How is that possible? Contemplate on this and it will teach you a life lesson in your interaction with people. Abu Thar, who is a great companion without doubt, would not have been able to digest the level of Tauheed which was in the heart of Salman who is the only one from outside the Ahlul Bait (a.s) who was called "from us Ahlul Bait (a.s)" and would thus have killed him out of ignorance of considering Salman being a mushrik.
Thus our Imams insist that keeping secrets are from among the core qualities of a believer. There is a well-known hadith saying that a "believer should have three qualities, one should be a quality from Allah, one should be a quality from Prophet (sawa) and one should be a quality from the Imams. The quality from Allah is 'how to keep a secret', and the quality from Prophet (sawa) is 'to get along with people' and the quality from the Imams is to 'have patience during difficulties and hardships."
Prophet Ya'koob (a.s) wanted to say that in a close family, where Yusuf (a.s) had eleven brothers who were good people in principle and children of a Prophet, it’s not always possible to even share secrets with them! And since this dream proves to be a special position for Prophet Yusuf (a.s), it opens the door for jealousy and suspicion if he speaks about it openly. This is due to the fact that Satan always attempts to interfere and intervene in one's life when one is in a vulnerable situation, so one should always be conscious to prevent incidents that could allow satan to interfere in one's life. One should consciously block the influence of satan before the time and sometimes there is the need to keep secrets even within the family to ensure this.
Then check it here! Learn which area is covered under the code 706, along with the service provider that works with this code. You can also find the location of a caller whose number begins with 706.
Our service has a very large database, which includes all area codes in the United States. So if you need to find more details about a phone number or you are looking for information about area code 706 scams — you have come to the right place!
The goal is to show the problem of food waste and the potential solutions. Showing how the lifecycle from the field to the consumer is important and also showing the value of using certain materials over others.
Currently around 100 million tonnes of food is wasted every year. If nothing is done, food waste could rise to over 120 million tonnes by 2020.
Wasting food is more than an ethical and economic issue, it also impacts the environment due to the limit of natural resources.
The aim is to show the solution issmich! is offering, not only with their contacts to local farms but also their methods of preserving the food in glass containers. They gather vegetables that are deemed unsuitable for retail and make delicious stews and soups.
One of the biggest challenges are stereotypes of companies towards refugees. Fueled by missleading mass media communication many people believe that refugees can hardly be integrated into our society particularly into the labour market and see them as mere welfare cases.
With over 60,000 refugees in Austria* they represent a massively underused resource. Whats worse is this all stems from stereotypes and fear.
The aim is to break such stereotypes, since there are many very talented and highly motivated refugees. Currently we are focusing on two main subjects within our B2B-communication strategy: Talent and Diversity. I want to create communication tools in order help others (particularly our customers) realise that refugees have a huge potential that only needs to be discovered.
Children spend on average six and a half hours in front of screen per day. We want to help them make use of that time in a fun and educational way.
Children of today are mostly technology consumers: they spend long time playing computer games and watching series. We want the next generation of our children to grow up with an audacity to engage with technology in an active way.
The aim to communicate how important it is for children to engage with technology early in their childhood.
We want to encourage them to create technology: by building and programming their own robots and prototypes of electronics. By doing that, we want to inspire the next generation of engineers, makers and inventors
People living in urban areas tend to be strangers to their neighbors. Providing those with a digital platform for connectivity and more social interaction to tackle local issues is our goal.
FragNebenan is a network for urban neighborhoods. It’s the place where neighbors can meet 24/7, share knowledge and resources, organize mutual aid or chat about local issues. It’s the place where urban community and social cohesion is enabled in a 21st century digital society.
We support social ventures from Austria and CEE to become investment ready and raise the funds they need to scale their impact.
Social entrepreneurs come up with great ideas to address social problems. Our aim is to support those highly impactful entrepreneurs with know-how, business tools and the right network to take their operations to the next level and scale their impact.
We also work with local investor communities and show them the opportunities and potential of impact investment, linking them to internationally operating investor networks.
Companies and households change their computers every few years. Old but functional hardware is going to waste, bringing along social and ecological problems for our modern societies. With the production of every new electronic device comes a heavy weight of social burden.
We would like to raise awareness for the re-use of products, especially in the electronic sector. IT refurbishment increases the products’ life span and is also an approach to provide NGOs, schools and private households with affordable electronics.
We can provide proper input on why things have to change for good and why the use of re-use devices is a key indicator for that change.
Green energy is a concept we are all very familiar with, yet it is hard to adopt due to the potential to be with out power in the moments you need it most because of a lack of wind or reduction in sun. aWATTar gives the option to use both, and saves you money in the process.
We would like to raise awareness of the potential that combining green energy with intelligent solutions has to offer. Not only on the Micro scale, the for the Customer, but also on the Macro scale, for the world.
As a world we are slowly reaching the ‘Tipping Point’, a point where CO2 emessions are so high that the Climate will change. This change may be irriversable. We want to show there are incremental methods to help change the world.
We can provide insights into how the energy world is changing, why it needs to change and why some methods employed by certain companies are outdated.
Datum trouwen 31-10-1734 Bruidegom John Goddard , jongeman , Bristol (NB: the father of John Goddard was not a native of Rotterdam) Bruid Elisabeth Smit , jongedochter , Nottingham Plaats Rotterdam Datum ondertrouw 15-10-1734 Opmerkingen ieder 3 gld. Birth John Goddard: Dopeling John Goddard Vader John Goddard Moeder Elisabeth Goddard Plaats Rotterdam Datum doop 18-04-1736
Hudson, NH was a part of Nottingham, Massachusetts. The town was separated in 1741, and named Nottingham West. Owing to confusion with the town of Nottingham in the north, voters petitioned to have the town renamed in 1830. The name Hudson was chosen because of its position near the Merrimack River, once supposed to flow east from the Hudson River, creating the boundary line between Massachusetts and New Hampshire
Henry Hope Sr. 1699-1737 According to Buist, this is Archibald Sr's oldest son. Henry's father is still a mystery to me. He was born in Rotterdam I believe, but I can't find any record other than this one:
It would make sense if this Henry grew up and had a first-born son called Henry, who would be the Henry who emigrated to America and had Henry, showing the normal way of naming the first-born son after the father. It is also possible that this Henry died young and Archibald named his oldest son after his brother.
Buist says that Archibald Sr. had an oldest son Henry who emigrated to America. In which case perhaps the Henry of the baptism entry above died young.
After this Henry, let's say Archibald's son, emigrated to America, he seems to have disappeared after his marriage. He was a freemason however.
I have so far no trace of him after mention in the Grand Lodge of Henry Price (Henry Hope was grand master). He was in that lodge together with Edward Ellis, his brother-in-law. Henry probably died, together with his wife.
Freemason: On Monday of July 30, 1733, Henry Price convened at Boston the following Brethren: Andrew Belcher, Thomas Kennelly, John Quane, Henry Hope, Frederick Hamilton, John McNeall, Peter Hall, Matthew Young, John Waddell and Edward Ellis at the house of Edward Lutwyteh "at ye Sign of the Bunch of Grapes in King Street. Henry Hope was chosen Master and he nominated Frederick Hamilton and James Gorder as Wardens. Andrew Belcher was a well-known merchant, unpopular because he hoarded grain to export to the West Indies in times of great hunger and scarcity. He was the son of Jonathan Belcher. Lutwyche of Lutwyches Ferry Merrimack NH. Ferry later confiscated and became known as Thornton's Ferry. All of these men, including Price, are Tories/loyalists. Colonel Edward Goldstone Lutwyche - head of regiment; son of Capt. Lawrence and Sarah (Lindall) Lutwyche, born in 1737 and resided in Merrimack, NH, in the Thornton's Ferry (formerly Lutwyche's Ferry) section of town; he was selectman in 1763 In 1780 Matthew Thornton, physician and signer of the Declaration of Independance for NH, purchased the confiscasted estate of "Tory' Edward Goldstone Lutwyche, including the site of the current Thornton's Ferry Cemetery. Lutwyche was a well educated man, a lawyer by profession, and a colonel of the 5th NH provincial regiment of militia. He fled to Boston to join General Gage's army, and fought with him in the American Revolution, leaving his wife behind. Mrs. Lutwyche found that running the Ferry was too much of a hardship and she petitioned the legislature for a release. In 1778 Edward Lutwyche superintended the King's Brewery at New York, being paid at the rate of 10/day. He married in 1748 to Jane Rapalje. His will was probated 23 January 1816 in Canterbury, England.
Father Henry is also disappeared after the birth of the kids, except for mention in freemason records.
Dr. Edward Ellis 1698-1771 Henry's uncle, b. 23 Feb 1698/99 at Boston, MA; baptized at Old South Church, Boston, MA. He was Surgeon General of Massachusetts Troops on 19 Feb 1744.These 'Massachusetts Troops' are otherwise known as the Massachusetts Rangers or Gorham's Rangers, a Tory military unit reknowned for their unorthodox terrorist attack methods. They were successfull in maintaining the fort at Annapolis Royal in Nova Scotia.
Datum doop 02-05-1734 (possible nephew of same Edward Ellis) Dopeling James Ellis Vader Charles Ellis Moeder Ann Ellis Plaats Rotterdam
2. Freemason: On Monday of July 30, 1733, Henry Price convened at Boston the following Brethren: Andrew Belcher, Thomas Kennelly, John Quane, Henry Hope, Frederick Hamilton, John McNeall, Peter Hall, Matthew Young, John Waddell and Edward Ellis at the house of Edward Lutwyteh "at ye Sign of the Bunch of Grapes in King Street. Henry Hope was chosen Master and he nominated Frederick Hamilton and James Gorder as Wardens.
Andrew Belcher was a well-known merchant, unpopular because he hoarded grain to export to the West Indies in times of great hunger and scarcity. He was the son of Jonathan Belcher.
Lutwyche of Lutwyches Ferry Merrimack NH. Ferry later confiscated and became known as Thornton's Ferry. All of these men, including Price, are Tories/loyalists.
Colonel Edward Goldstone Lutwyche - head of regiment; son of Capt. Lawrence and Sarah (Lindall) Lutwyche, born in 1737 and resided in Merrimack, NH, in the Thornton's Ferry (formerly Lutwyche's Ferry) section of town; he was selectman in 1763 In 1780 Matthew Thornton, physician and signer of the Declaration of Independance for NH, purchased the confiscasted estate of "Tory' Edward Goldstone Lutwyche, including the site of the current Thornton's Ferry Cemetery. Lutwyche was a well educated man, a lawyer by profession, and a colonel of the 5th NH provincial regiment of militia. He fled to Boston to join General Gage's army, and fought with him in the American Revolution, leaving his wife behind. Mrs. Lutwyche found that running the Ferry was too much of a hardship and she petitioned the legislature for a release. In 1778 Edward Lutwyche superintended the King's Brewery at New York, being paid at the rate of 10/day. He married in 1748 to Jane Rapalje. His will was probated 23 January 1816 in Canterbury, England.
3. 1635: Concord, Mass. was settled by Simon Willard as an Indian fur trading post. Simon Willard was the brother-in-law of Henry Dunster, the first president of Harvard College, and a founder of the effort the Christianize the native peoples of New England.
1640-1650: Simon Willard, a trader, explored this decade, the lower reaches of the Merrimack River, north of Boston.
She died 16 June 1745 in Halifax or Boston, "on the night of the illumination for the capture of Louisbourg." Note that John Schuyler was a hero from skirmishes with the Indians. Note that Mary's death is similar by date/place to husband of Abigail Otis, leading me to believe that both Edward Ellis and Andrew Halliburton were in Halifax in 1745, perhaps as Massachusetts/Gorham Rangers at Annapolis Royal. Since Edward Ellis was a surgeon and son of a doctor, Andrew Haliburton may have been his patient, which is how he met Abigail Otis, his second wife.
Known child of John Schuyler and Mary Willard was John Schuyler born at Albany, New York. Son Schuyler; died in infancy. The three known children of Mary Willard and Dr. Edward Ellis were as follows:
Maria Ellis (1730); married Captain Edmund Watmough in Boston in 1748 who was in the British army and served in Halifax. Her children and grandchildren are named after Henry Hope.
Sarah Ellis (1733); married Isaac Deschamps in Halifax in 1758 (Isaac was the King's Solicitor for Nova Scotia). I can't find records of children.
Elizabeth Ellis (1735), married Capt. Peter Jacob Dordin/Dordon in 1757, probably in Newport, RI; married Peter Francis Christian De les Dernier in 1773 in Newport, RI. Died in 1817 in Salem, NH.
Note: The Willards were clockmakers in Grafton, Mass (see Willard clockmakers), who worked together with the Goddards of Rhode Island to make exclusive mahogany clock cabinets. Sam Slick was a 'clockmaker from Connecticut'. Sarah and Mary Willard were related to Cotton Mather, Reverend Samuel Willard and Major Samuel Willard.
m. Abigail Otis 1703-aft1760 daughter of Job OTIS Junr & Thankful OTIS of Scituate,MA; 2nd wife, 2nd husband;
Abigail Halliburton. Born ca 1734. Abigail died aft 5 Jul 1803. On 24 Jul 1754 Abigail Halliburton married Capt. Frederick Hamilton, at Newport, RI. This Frederick Hamilton is possibly the son of the same Frederick Hamilton who was with Henry Hope Sr. and Edward Ellis at the forming of Henry Price’s freemason society in Boston in 1733.
Priscilla Halliburton. Born ca 1738. On 24 Jul 1754 Priscilla first married Robert Pate, at Trinity Church, Newport,RI. Priscilla second married Jonathan Card, son of Richard Card. Born ca 1738. Jonathan died in 1805. He died at sea.
William Halliburton* Born on 16 Apr 1739 at Boston, MA. On 9 Apr 1761 William married his cousin Lucy Otis, daughter of his mother Abigail’s brother Ephraim Otis (28 Jul 1708-14 Dec 1794) & Rachel Hersey (29 May 1714-26 Dec 1793). Born on 15 Apr 1738 at Scituate, MA. Lucy died at Windsor, Nova Scotia, ca 1 Jan 1822. Lucy, also called Lusanna. (Note: arrived Newport,NS 1763)
George Halliburton. Born ca 1742 at Boston, MA. On 26 Sep 1766 George married Ann Avery, dau. of Robert & Ann (Cushman) Avery.
Datum begraven 08-04-1743 Overledene Arcijbalt Hoop Man Anna Claus Plaats Rotterdam Datum begraven 08-04-1743 Opmerkingen Franse kerk eige kelder; overledene liet na 7 meerderjarige kinderen; Haringvliet naast Scheepers
The six sons in the merchant banking business were Henry (who emigrated to Massachusetts), Archibald Jr. (died young), Thomas (the most famous son in NL thanks to his connection to the stadtholder William and the VOC), Adrian (the "bookkeeper" in Amsterdam), and Zachary (the "slave trader").
Rotterdam Haringvliet 84, 86, 88, 90, 92 en 98. Bouwjaar ca. 1700-1710, dit zijn 8 panden uit de rij van 11 panden die op Rijksmonumentenlijst zijn geplaatst. Het zijn 18e-eeuwse Rotterdamse koopmanshuizen. De bebouwing op de zuidzijde van het haringvliet werd vroeger het Rijkelui's Haringvliet genoemd.
Good sportsmanship is EXPECTED at all times at all AARBL functions and facilities by all coaches, assistant coaches, players, parents, and fans.
Any unsportsmanlike conduct resulting in the ejection of a coach, assistant coach, parent, or fan: They must leave the dugout and/or game site IMMEDIATELY. They are SUSPENDED FROM THE FACILITY for the remainder of that game AND THE NEXT GAME THEIR TEAM PLAYS. If a coach, assistant coach, parent, or fan is ejected for a second time in any one season, they will be SUSPENDED FROM THE FACILITY FOR THE REMAINDER OF THAT SEASON.
Any unsportsmanlike conduct resulting in the ejection of a player: Player is SUSPENDED for the remainder of that game AND THE NEXT GAME THEIR TEAM PLAYS, but, for the remainder of the ejection game, player may remain in the dugout or in the stands WITH A PARENT OR GUARDIAN. The player is SUSPENDED FROM THE FACILITY FOR THE NEXT GAME THEIR TEAM PLAYS. If a player is ejected for a second time in any one season, the player will be SUSPENDED FROM THE FACILITY FOR THE REMAINDER OF THAT SEASON.
Within 48 hours of the ejection, the umpire must submit in writing to the AARBL Disciplinary Committee the reason for ejection. After review, based on the severity of the conduct which warranted the ejection, the Disciplinary Committee may recommend no further disciplinary action, or they may make a recommendation to the full AARBL Board of Directors for additional disciplinary action.
Obviously, no fighting will be tolerated at any time at any facility. Should fighting occur, STERN DISCIPLINARY ACTION will be taken for all participants.
-Slots for forklift are available for all four faces also lifting hooks are available for crane use.
- Each component is designed to be dismantled easily to make possible to pack this A-frame to transport to another place.
- The square tubular section provides high rigidity and light weight, consequently you can handle this A-Frame easily.
sink faucet aerator stuck leaks when turned on moen wrench bathroom faucets lavatory signature hardware,sink faucet hose kitchen buying guide clean filter bathroom faucets lowes,swivel oil rubbed bronze bathroom vessel sink faucet with delta faucets kitchen black basin wrench,sink faucet hose weight leaking from handle k 4 widespread bathroom culligan filter,kitchen sink faucet aerator hose stuck mop parts widespread lever handles standard,ridgid faucet sink wrench aerator screen how to replace a kitchen hose leaking,color changing led waterfall widespread bathroom sink faucet chrome aerator wrench lowes faucets kitchen,sink faucet specs bathroom faucets lavatory delta leaks at top filter,sink faucet specs aerator screen commercial multi tank sinks hand clogged,sink faucet leaking underneath k vs forte single control pullout kitchen utility faucets lowes.
Tirana Art Lab – Center for Contemporary Art Double Feature #2 Alma Bakiaj & Viola Bittl 28 Mar – 2 May 2015 Double Feature is a new event format introduced by Tirana Art Lab with the aim of systematically displaying in our premises, two artistic…
so, the quick and simple way to handle your files is to get a quality piece of software, how to change STS into PDF? PDF (Portable Document Format )) is one of the most popular formats used forum typy bukmacherskie for storing document files which include both text and graphics.mPK. . . . ..
Watch Movies 2018 Online - advert-service.info| advert-service.info is not liable for copyright by any country
Browse advertising jobs in New Matamoras, OH (45767) to the right. We are constantly updating our jobs database with various advertising opportunities near New Matamoras, OH.
... Price in Dubai Qatar & Saudi Arabia with availability on local stores nearist to your location. Find the features of Samsung other Mobiles including E790.
Didiana. Age: 25. Being an escort means to me, not "just" providing an exceptional sex experience, but also to be a pleasant companion and attentive listener. It's obvious, that when i'm meeting my clients, i'm always smartly dressed and absolutely discreet.
Playing with the wife's shaved pussy. Retrieved December 19, Retrieved June 23, According to a study about sexual behavior in the United States, however, there is little to no gender difference in the prevalence of oral sex, indicating that males and females experience oral sex at about the same rate.
Daria. Age: 18. I am a college graduate, well-educated, have wide knowledge, like to learn new things, enjoy listening and communication
There are thousands of tubes in each category. Everyone will find photos of their interests. So if you like our website, come and check it everyday. We’ll update videos every single day. Hope you enjoy ! Watch and have fun! Thanks.
“The fashion industry works on a singular vision of beauty.” In light of this truth, inclusion in the fashion industry has been an ongoing issue, but also one that has been attracting increased attention in more recent years. Interestingly, the media seems to breaks this idea of inclusion into two categories. The first is including body types that are beyond the stereotypical model physique, i.e. tall, thin, and generally white. The second is that of ableism. It’s a picture that receives less attention, but one that begs the question of why people with disabilities wouldn’t be placed in the ranks of the fashion industry models.
We know that, generally speaking, a fashion model is meant to represent the “ideal” vision of beauty and perfection; the image that people then chase after. You strive to be what you see in these women (or men, for that matter), and you then invest in trying to change yourself to match this vision. However, if this is the case then the fashion industry has left behind a vast majority of the population. People are unique, whether in body type, weight, height, or the presence of some disability. Just imagine the financial gain of expanding sights to include models that portray a more diverse and inclusive depiction of today’s society.
Beyond the financial incentives, some argue that there is moral obligation to represent people of all body types. Inclusion is about self-expression and identity, and by striving to achieve an image that is in line with what people see on the covers of magazines, on television, etc., we start to lose our sense of self-expression. The fashion industry pushes forward the images that we see in our daily encounters with media, and can play a vital role in helping us to move toward a more inclusive mindset. What if there was no longer a single image of what we consider beauty, but rather countless depictions? Billboards, magazines, and advertisements alike would be diverse and innovative. Perhaps we would stop considering what it would be like if we looked like someone else, but rather began to better appreciate our own image.
Office Chair, ca. 1959- 60, teak and recovered in leather Recently we had the chance to learn about Patrick Seguin’s passion for Pierre Jeannerat, Jean Prouvé and Jean Royere at his Paris Gallery. This week we would like share … Continue reading →
This past year we have been questioning the title ‘collectible design’. It seams to have come to stand for a very small, high-end part of the design market. What we believe in and want to share and encourage is the … Continue reading →
Created in limited editions and sometimes as unique pieces realized by commission, these light sculptures by contemporary designers are expressive, powerful, provocative and beautiful as art objects. The designers have used the traditional idea of a suspension light and a table … Continue reading →
“There are many different colors in birch bark– grey, blue, rose, green” says Sophie Gallardo as she picks up a piece of bark in her studio in Les Puces de Saint Ouen. She points out many subtle hues and then … Continue reading →
“If globalization required a banner, it would be blue and white, the colors of the United Nations. They could serve as a wellspring of cultural globalisation, then stand as a universal symbol of harmony between peoples.” Thirteen artists from around … Continue reading →
How High the Moon, a nickel-plated steel mesh chair, created in 1986 by Shiro Kuramata in a limited edition of 30-40 chairs. 5,000-7,000 Euros at Sotheby’s Arts Decoration du XXieme siecle et Design Paris this thursday, 22nd May. ~~ It’s Design … Continue reading →
This is for our readers situated around the Mediterranean… and for all of us anticipating the warm months ahead!These two pairs of ‘laurier’ or bay tree sculptures are in fact table lights.Think 1930s high style – Maison Jansen, Ballet Russes, exoticism and luxury! They … Continue reading →
You’re probably very familiar with this classic American chair. The other day we saw about 30 vintage ones (European/Vitra) in many different colors lined up outside in the sunshine. They looked so fun and happy. We were inspired to revisit … Continue reading →
The Environmental Center at the University of North Florida is hosting its first annual Green Week, starting Monday, Oct. 25, and running through Friday, Oct. 29, in an effort to make UNF a “greener” campus. The week will kick off with a tree planting and will end with a boat expedition on the St. Johns River.
Green Ospreys Tree Planting: 2 p.m. Monday, Oct. 25, Student Union Pond—Green Ospreys, a new environmental club on campus, will plant nine cherry trees surrounding the pond in the core of campus in front of the Student Union. UNF President John Delaney will plant the first tree.
FERNANDINA BEACH, Fla. -- They can cause the kind of damage that can lead to costly home repairs. They are the four-legged critters looking for a place to stay warm.
"There are rodents, squirrels and raccoons always around this time of year looking for nesting sites," said Jeff Saylor.
"Rats can get through an area the size of a quarter, mice can get through about the size of a dime," he said.
The commercial and recreational harvest season for stone crab claws in Florida opens on Oct. 15. The season will remain open through May 15.
Stone crab claws must be at least 2 3/4 inches in length to be harvested legally, and claws may not be taken from egg-bearing female stone crabs. Recreational harvesters are allowed to use up to five stone crab traps, and there is a daily bag limit of one gallon of claws per person or two gallons per vessel, whichever is less.
Click here for commercial stone crab regulations and licensing information (click on "Fishing - Saltwater").
Reserve a campsite, pitch your tent and stay the night under the stars with family and friends. Free pancake breakfast for campers on Sunday am! Sites include a fire ring with wood for a campfire. Choose your site now at the Recreation Office, Adele Grage Cultural Center, 716 Ocean Blvd.
DEADLINE for reservations is October 9th or until sold out. So reserve early. Visit www.coab.us/events for registration form, site map and schedule of events.
USA Today - By the early 1990s there were only 20 to 25 Florida panthers left out of what was once a large and thriving population – and those that remained were sickly and inbred, destined for extinction within 20 years, experts estimated. So in 1995 conservation managers moved eight wild-caught female pumas from Texas to the area – a reintroduction so successful that between 1995 and 2008 a total of 424 panther births have been documented.
Faerybeads newest geometric beads are adaptions from Leonardo da Vinci's drawings of polyhedra for Luca Pacioli's "De Divina Proportione", a treatise on mathematical and artistic proportion, especially the mathematics of the golden ratio and its application in architecture.
Icocedron Abscisus Vacuus or Truncated Icosahedron, its pattern likely easily recognizable as a football
Octocedron Abscisus Vacuus or Truncated Octahedron, natural occurring formations (crystal) can be observed in copper and fluorite.
@BeadThrilled wrote: Faerybeads newest geometric beads are adaptions from Leonardo da Vinci's drawings of polyhedra for Luca Pacioli's "De Divina Proportione", a treatise on mathematical and artistic proportion, especially the mathematics of the golden ratio and its application in architecture.
4th grade math printable worksheets word problems envision to print learning free for 3rd and,go math 4th grade printable worksheets to print for cute maths division free 3rd and,4th grade common core math printable worksheets word problems year 3 maths elegant sheets to division,go math 4th grade printable worksheets and long division problems is fun word envision,4th grade common core math printable worksheets 4 vocabulary and organized by subject fun envision,free grade math worksheets to print fun printable 4th envision word problems,4th grade math division worksheets printable 3rd and fourth of teaching tips sol word problems,math worksheets printable grade beautiful sheets fun 4th word problems division,envision math 4th grade printable worksheets common core to print for best of,fun printable 4th grade math worksheets word problems to print out beautiful end of year envision.
Grace is horrified to realize that she's dated three men from the same family. Will and Karen get on each other's nerves at the office until they bond over watching -- and producing -- their own little telenovela.
so i realized that photo-bashing is pretty much a required skill for the concept art industry. forgive me because i don't understand too much about it.
1. i used images off google for a matte painting: the artwork in question is not being sold anywhere, just going to put it up on my portfolio website and DA and such. will i get into trouble?
2. how much of the photo(s) can be manipulated until no one comes running at me with a lawsuit? like if i cut out a tree or a hill to use on a painting (like 15 to 20%...
There is also this Feng Zhu guy I heard about here, but he seems to be an elitist prick from what I've heard
Hey anons! I'm going on vacation in a few days for two weeks. My plan is to just drink, read, and workout but I really want to learn how to draw and think itll be a great time to do so.
A couple pencils, a kneaded and a block eraser, a snap-off knife, a sketchbook and maybe a few micron pens.
I always see people who go in for art classes and ateliers and stuff say that they have to get the students to unlearn all sorts of bad habits.
What are they talking about familialia? Are the schools just shilling for themselves or are there paths you go down that will hold you back? I'm talking technical things, not motivation stuff.
Yeah there are. Drawing in "styles" like anime or cartoon when you're a shitty beginner trying to draw a life study
So I am considered to be on some kind of fucked up "legally blind" scale because of a visual impairment I have. My eyes are shit, but what kills me is that I have nerve damage in them to the point where I see everything off that it actually is in reality.
It's very annoying, and it has left me bumping into many walls, dropping nearly everything I try to touch, and not allowed to drive.
It makes drawing extremely difficult for me. I can only zoom so much, but are there any other good tools for visually impaired artists? I use the fuck out of ruler...
I just work more with my imagination, I cannot copy, but I can build things alright. And work planning a bit before hand. I also see badly. Somehow, people likes it and tend to think my work is great even with its flaws. I'm slow as fuck, tho, so I will never work as a pro,
So I did a MS paint along to old Bob Ross. Came out better than I was expecting. See the pic, but for those of you willing to go through the pain of watching. https://youtu.be/nwbFrspQsZc. Don't be too harsh.
I'm not exactly sure how to do twisting forms in space when they become more complicated than a cube.
My biggest problem has been over coming my flat art. I feel like I've gone pretty far form where I was, but I don't know how much I should fixate on 3D forms.
So... I got permanently banned from paypal. Now what? What other ways are there to accept payments for commissions? Does anyone NOT use paypal, or accept money without showing your name?
I've heard about this thing called stripe which is just a direct credit card payment; don't take me at my word though because I wasn't really paying too much attention. I'd look into that.
I recently picked up a small pack of them and messed around with it for the first time this evening which resulted in an ok-ish looking whale.
Even though I'm using shitty thin paper, I think it was a lot of fun, and a bunch of art that I could find looked really cool.
Btw. elhuervo (a person who made music/art for hotline miami) uses watercolor a lot, and some of his stuff is really good in my opinion
joseph zbukvic and russell flint are two I know, also am looking for more good artists who use watercolor.
Does anyone else here do traditional art because of the possibility that the internet and computers may not function one day?
like say for instance , the whole world goes crazy and gets nuked or emp'd or say they make the internet shut off for civillians. your digital art will not survive that, art on traditional mediums will survive (if it doesnt get evaporated that is).
i think that is the real problem with digital art is that it relies on the computer and the internet for its success. thus making it somewhat impermanent in compairison with traditional.
>i think that is the real problem with digital art is that it relies on the computer and the internet for its success
That problem affects a lot more than art. If the world's infrastructure fails that much, art is going to be the least of your worries. Long-term archiving of digital images is an actual problem, but there are plenty of solutions. This is a stupid reason to avoid digital.
oh i dont avoid digital for sure, i know its important to use digital in professional stuff , but yeah i just like the fact that traditonal is on physical objects and is safe from website shutdowns or computer failure.
I did this watercolor/white gouache sketch in a coffee shop of these two old women talking. I recognize that the quality of the picture is shit, but I'm wondering what else I can improve on. Should I grab a smaller brush? Should I spend more time planning/drawing? What can help my paintings progress? I'm worried that I'm plateauing because I need more third-party help.
Medium is watercolor/white gouache on Moleskine's smallest watercolor book. I think it's 5 x 3.5 inches or something close to that.
My bet is that you don't want to hear this, so you can keep being cute with your moleskine, but the #1 thing I think you can do is work bigger. Like, 3x bigger. Right now you can cop out of detail like faces because its so small. You also have a much easier time managing the wet/dry mechanics of the whole image.
DESU it look pretty good, but a big part of that is the small size hides your bullshit messiness. If you honestly want to get better and didn't just start this thread to show off, start working bigger immediately.
I can paint larger, but I have a hard time carrying around large watercolor paper for coffee shop sketches like this.
Is the ability to copy photos exactly( in other words photorealism) a necessary skill? Is it possible to be a good artist without it?
I was never that good at copying photos, let alone achieve photorealism, though I could draw from life rather decently(again not to the hyper detail of photorealism)
Perhaps if I put some time into(and by some I mean A LOT OF TIME) MAYBE I could get something KIND of close, but again I'm not very good
CAIRO: Archaeologists discovered what could be the most finely decorated mummy ever found in Egypt, Zahi Hawass, the head of Egypt's Supreme Council for Antiquities said yesterday. An Egyptian archaeological team led by Hawass, digging near the Saqqara pyramids, found the mummy, which dates back to the 30th Dynasty (380-343 BC), last week.
"The sand revealed maybe the most beautiful mummy ever found in Egypt," Hawass said at the site, 25km south of Cairo. "The mummy is so beautiful... The ancient Egyptians drew maybe the most beautiful scenes I have ever seen in my life on a mummy."
The 30th Dynasty was followed by Persian rulers who occupied the country for about 15 years before the Macedonian conqueror Alexander the Great took control.
California wildfires - live updates: Celebrity homes destroyed as death toll rises to 31 in state&apos;s deadliest fire on record
I wept today thinking about the military people who have died fighting for what they were told was or country. If one considers the United States corporation as a country, and according to the US Supreme Court, it is one of two here in North America, then they did actually die for their country. But if they were told they were "fighting for our freedom", then everyone who remembers them today should know, they were lied to. There is nothing that Iraq can do that would affect our freedom. There is nothing that Afganistan can do that would affect our freedom.
Our email client of choice at aFreeCountry.com is Thunderbird by Mozilla. It is a very good email client that is extremely configurable, easy to use and most importantly, it's free. Of course, for many the most important attirbute to a softwate program for checking email is security and privacy, especially since Edward Snowden exposed the federal government's intrusion into Americans privacy through the NSA.
I was talking to a friend of mine recently and asked her what she thought about the issue with the federal government invading the Nevada state in an attempt to steal cattle from Clive Bundy. We both agreed that the federal government was outside it's jurisdiction, but she did not feel that Clive Bundy had the right to graze his cattle on public lands comparing it to someone grazing his cattle on my land or some other neighbor's land.
One of the problems we have faced in the united states of America is the main stream media and schools teaching that we are a democracy rather than a republic. The US Constitution was established to protect Americans from intrusive government and unfair treatment for varying classes of people. It set it concrete the equal treatment of all Americans by our government.
As a healthy red blooded American male, I can walk into any bar in the country, meet a woman and, if she consents, go home to have sex with her. As a red blooded American male, I can go into any bar in this country and give money to a woman. But if I do those two things in close proximity in time to each other I have broken the law in 49 of the 50 United States. How stupid is that??!!
Peter Collard, technical manager for Eberspächer UK, who celebrate 40 years in the business this year, offers advice on buying a heating system.
Many owners looking to extend their season or cruise in colder climates, may contemplate fitting an on board heating system.
The popularity of the internet as a source of information, and marine discussion forums and blogs in particular, has meant that, despite some genuinely useful heater related information, there is a fair bit of misinformation too.
The controversy surrounds vehicle kits that look similar to their marine counterparts but are cheaper. This fact, as well as parts and accessories that are not pattern made, has created confusion in the market for boat owners who want to install safer ‘marine appropriate’ heating systems on their boats.
There are many differences between the two. All Eberspächer’s marine kits, for example, conform to the latest regulations and standards and are designed to be sea safe and more durable. For instance, they include extra-long double lagged exhaust systems, exhaust standoff safety brackets, fire retardant fuel systems and fuel close off valves.
In other words, the kits will endure the harsh environment found at sea. There are many other important differences such as heavy duty stainless steel brackets and fittings, gas tight flexible exhaust silencers, ducting and fittings unlikely to be seen on any type of road vehicle.
Check what warranty is included. If the heater is new and supplied by Eberspächer then it will come with a full three year parts and labour warranty which includes travel to the boat.
There should be a comprehensive record of dispatch, sale and installation, which allows future reference to be made to enable any repair to be completed in the quickest possible time and without recourse to the customer making any payment.
Do your homework. Many new and second hand heaters sold on the internet were designed and destined for vehicle manufacturers or, if second hand, may have previously been fitted to a vehicle as a standard factory option.
It is therefore likely to feature different wiring, different switching protocol, different internal parts and so on.
If you do buy a second hand heater for your boat, it is recommended that you price all the ancillary items first. It could be cheaper to buy a brand new full kit with three years’ parts labour and travel cover.
If you are buying parts only, be extremely careful. The part must be compatible for the heater and the job.
Finally, genuine heater parts are not just made to work; they are made to cope should something ever go wrong. Genuine parts will deal with overheating situations, harsh or extreme conditions, excessively high or low temperatures, vibration and shock. Cheap parts from internet auction sites do not always meet the same criteria, so buyer beware.
The importance of not only buying the correct system, but having it installed safely and working correctly and avoiding common errors of DIY installation such as an uneven distribution of heat, is a decision likely to save you money in the long run.
Eberspächer manufacture two different heater systems for boats. Both use combustion air and diesel fuel mixed and ignited within the heater’s internal combustion chamber to create thermal energy. The Airtronic range lends itself to more instant heat requirements by drawing in fresh or recirculated air which is heated and distributed to cabins and rooms via ducts and air outlets. For larger boats, the Hydronic range uses a heat exchanger to transfer its thermal energy to the boat’s own internal water system and provides a more consistent heat output akin to a domestic radiator/convector based system.
Henry's cousin. Archibald Jr was the second son of Archibald Sr. after Henry, (if Henry was indeed a brother and not the first son of Achibald Sr.s brother!) and went to Amsterdam to work as an apprentice for his uncle Warner Lulofs, who married his mother’s sister.
He would have been an apprentice for at least 6 years, but appears to have gone into partnership with him later.
The first years after 1720 Archibald jr. lived on the Singel with his uncle Warner Lulofs who speculated on the Amsterdam exchange. In this period Warner had 5 children, so it must have been a hectic household.
He granted power of attorney to his brother Thomas is 1724. Clearly they were successful, because he got married
Overledene Archibald Hoop weduwnaar van Geertruij der Resen Plaats Rotterdam Datum begraven 28-03-1733 Opmerkingen overledene was koopman te Amsterdam; Franse kerk eigen; Haringvliet
Out now! Brand new album "Cheers From Rocket Rockers". Cheers From Rocket Rockers is compilation album presented to you by Rocket Rockers.
Rocket Rockers - Pilihanku (by Maliq & D'Essentials) 2nd single from Cheers From Rocket Rockers album.
Simplicity and elegance are what defines Zeeshan Ali Adnan Clothing. With a focus on modern abayas, the clothes themselves are still traditional at their core. Their signature embellished neckline comes to life in different forms. On one, a high neck is covered in small gold paillettes, and in another the bronze trimming slopes down the front in a long V, giving an almost bokeh feel to the dress. Lush fabric, perfectly pleated, give form to the lower skirt resulting in a unique and utterly femme aesthetic.
In one singular piece, a traditional collar is redone in a more avant garde design, coming up only halfway around the neck before connecting to the fluid fabric of the abaya. This subtle, yet imaginative play on classics are what take these pieces to a higher level of fashion. Taking classic silhouettes and reinventing them for a more modern audience, a Zeeshan Ali Adnan piece (or pieces) will complete your wardrobe!
I haven't seen work by Zeeshan Ali Adnan prior to this post, I must admit he is good with his work. Thank you for sharing this post with us
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl sluttylaura18 here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. this is my honey pot ....take me on a pleasure .let me ride yo cock n see my sexy firm ass bounce as l swallow yo cock deep. spread my butt cheeks and fuck me till l-drop-thym. dp ,deepanal .kinky ,bdsm,roleplay,,s mall penis humiliation ,black mail,clamps pains, heels,toys ,latex,rubber,,69 is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 30-26-26. For Turn ons: im into very kinky sex,like bondagage,small penis humiliation ,rolepaly,outfits ,chains,objects,b lackmail,heels,sq uirt,anal,slopy bj. For TurnsOff: rude pple. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Posted in Family,SeniorTags: Gulf Breeze Senior Portrait Photographer,Milton Senior Portrait Photographer,Pensacola Beach Photographer,Pensacola Senior Portrait Photographer
Kaitlyn, you’ve grown into such a beautiful young woman! It was so nice to catch up with you and your Mom! Happy Graduation!
Posted in SeniorTags: Atlanta Senior photographer,Milton Senior Portrait Photographer,Pensacola Senior Portrait Photographer
I’m going to start posting a personal blog post once a week to document the everyday beauty of life! Its so nice to slow down and take the time to photograph something so simple!
Here’s a few more from Seth and Aliza’s “Just for fun” shoot! I really enjoyed capturing these moments, they are so natural with each other, it was EASY! Thanks Seth and Aliza!
I met the Waters family for a sunny morning at the park, They are the cutest family and they have so much fun together!
Posted in Children,FamilyTags: Alpharetta Family Photographer,Athens Family Photographer,Atlanta Family Photographer,Suwanee Family Photographer
I think I am falling in Love with Wedding Photography, its such a happy, joyful and exciting time! There is no way you can feel down when you are around a newly married couple!
Below are a few of my favorite’s from Tiffany and Richards wedding photos! I really enjoyed photographing them, they are so comfortable together!
Brushed-metal lid and aesthetics line design inspired by matte black supercars, adding high class taste
Robo Rumble 1 - click to play online. Robo Rumble 1 a new physics game.You need to help the robot get the charger box.RoBoRumble is a real-time 3D strategy game, offering two major battle campaigns consisting of 15 missions each and a multi-player mode with hot combat for up to four players at a time. One of RoBoRumble's key features is the unique way in which Units are assembled.Glick the different objects to touch the charger to finsh the level. Good luck!All your feedback and sharing are very important for us to develop the game. If you feel interested in our games, please try and rate them now. Play other engrossing games like Air Transporter and Chicken House 2 at http://abcya4.net
Yesterday, I wrote about why email marketing for real estate is important, how to get your email marketing campaign setup for free, and what to send in your emails to your database. Today I want to talk about a couple of ways you can get more of your emails opened by your subscribers. After all, if you put your best content in a … Continue reading the story "Top to Bottom Email Marketing for Real Estate – Part 2"
I have spent a lot of time with a number of Realtors this week, and I have learned a lot of how you feel about social media. Below are the most common excuses to not use social media that I hear from real estate agents. Realtors feel social media marketing is not something that’s going [Read the full story …]
Animator and Designer. Currently a fourth year BAA animation student at Sheridan College. All works belong to Andy Greiling, unless otherwise stated © email: an_m_g@hotmail.com
“If you continually see, over and over and over again, men doing these great things, and women not even present for it, your stupid human programming is going to kick in and those are going to be the set rules. Good Group, Bad Group. Or – in my case, COOL Group, Bad Group. The need to see someone who looks like you doing the things you want to do is SO huge. It’s SO necessary to have positive self worth.
Imagine only seeing you as a sidekick or a hot reward. Maybe you would be like me – I was like, “That’s NOT me. I’m more like [the White Guy]!”
Like, it was possible for me to identify with male characters, but in order to do that, every single day I enjoyed that media, I would have to set aside the female part of myself. I honestly didn’t realize how damaging it was until recently. Or how easy it had become for me to dislike it, to think less of being female. I wanted to be cool, and cool was completely synonymous with being male. This is what I was taught, so it’s what I learned, and I would do my best to be that, by golly by gosh.
In order to pretend to be someone I wanted to be – fun and kind and goofy – I had to pretend to be a guy. In order to be the kind of hero I wanted to be, I was Flash or I was Robin – Wonder Woman wasn’t fun, she wasn’t goofy. Batgirl was never really part of the adventures, Crystal Kane just sat up in Sky Vault and ran a computer, I wanted to be part of the adventure! I was Ace McCloud! I was Michelangelo, not boring April! Stupid, stick in the mud girls aren’t part of the adventures! Or if they are – imagine a child pretending to be one of those super sexual heroines? Just…? Why is that what they’re limited to.”
This entry was posted in General and tagged culture, gender, media, sex, sociology, women on March 9, 2014 by Andy.
http://www.joecolantonio.com/2013/09/26/qtp-uft-object-recognition-issues-with-net/ If you are like me the first thing I do when testing a new object with QTP is use the SPY to check out the files that I need to automate. If the QTP Spy has object recognition issues I rarely try to record against it. But in this case doing a quick throw away recording first actually helps.
Audiobook of The Enchiridion of Epictetus from LibriVox and read by D.E. Wittkower. The Enchiridion or 'The Handbook' of Epictetus is a short manual of Stoic ethical advice compiled by Arrian, a 2nd-century disciple of the Greek philosopher Epictetus. Although the content is mostly derived from the Discourses of Epictetus, it is not a summary of the Discourses but rather a compilation of practical precepts. Eschewing metaphysics, Arrian focuses his attention on Epictetus's work applying philosophy to daily life. (From Wikipedia) Epictetus (AD 55–135) was a Greek Stoic philosopher. He was born a slave at Hierapolis, Phrygia (present day Pamukkale, Turkey), and lived in Rome until his banishment, when he went to Nicopolis in northwestern Greece for the rest of his life. His teachings were written down and published by his pupil Arrian in his Discourses and Enchiridion. Epictetus taught that philosophy is a way of life and not just a theoretical discipline. To Epictetus, all external events are beyond our control; we should accept calmly and dispassionately whatever happens. However, individuals are responsible for their own actions, which they can examine and control through rigorous self-discipline. (From Wikipedia) "We have no power over external things, and the good that ought to be the object of our earnest pursuit, is to be found only within ourselves." "There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." "That alone is in our power, which is our own work; and in this class are our opinions, impulses, desires, and aversions. What, on the contrary, is not in our power, are our bodies, possessions, glory, and power. Any delusion on this point leads to the greatest errors, misfortunes, and troubles, and to the slavery of the soul."
Oracle NoSQL Database is an advanced key-value database that is designed to be highly scalable with predictable low latency. In this video, learn how to download and install Oracle NoSQL Database, and watch how Oracle NoSQL Database can be used in solving challenges in a Pizza delivery business. Learn more about Oracle NoSQL Database from Oracle Help Center: http://docs.oracle.com/cd/NOSQL/html/index.html Copyright © 2017 Oracle and/or its affiliates. Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Other names may be registered trademarks of their respective owners. Oracle disclaims any warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this recording, demonstration, and/or written materials (the “Materials”). The Materials are provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Is your add-in missing? Learn how to re-enable it with this step-by-step tutorial Excel Add-ins can get disabled when Excel crashes. There is a Disabled Items window on the Excel Options, Add-ins menu that will allow you to re-enable or reactivate the add-ins that have been disabled. Checkout my video on how to install an Excel add-in: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reuU2zUsEPM I also have an article with a step-by-step guide on how to install add-ins. http://www.excelcampus.com/tools/how-to-install-an-excel-add-in-guide/ If this does NOT resolve the problem for you, then you might be impacted by an Office Security update that was released in July 2016 by Microsoft. Checkout this article for more details and instructions on how to fix it. https://www.excelcampus.com/vba/add-in-ribbon-disappears/ Please leave a comment below with any questions. Thanks!
when you connect to oracle database trhrouout sqlplus as sysdba by the command line (CMD) on Windows OS some times you face that you cannot connect to oracle due to oracle error OR- 01031.
Managed Code Rootlets (MCRs) are terrifying post-exploitation attacks that open the doors for cementing and expanding a foothold in a target network. While the concept isn’t new, practical tools for developing MCRs don’t currently exist. Ere Metula released ReFrameworker in 2010 with the ability to inject attack modules into the C# runtime, paving the way for MCRs, but the tool requires the attacker to have knowledge of intermediate languages, does not support other runtimes, and is no longer maintained. Worse yet, the ‘write once, run anywhere’ motto of managed languages is violated when dealing with runtime libraries, forcing the attacker to write new exploits for each target platform. This talk debuts a free and open source tool called JReFrameworker aimed at solving the aforementioned challenges of developing attack code for the Java runtime while lowering the bar so that anyone with rudimentary knowledge of Java can develop a managed code rootlet. With Java being StackOverflow’s most popular server side language of 2015 the Java runtime environment is a prime target for exploitation. JReFrameworker is an Eclipse plugin that allows an attacker to write simple Java source to develop, debug, and automatically modify the runtime. Best of all, working at the intended abstraction level of source code allows the attacker to ‘write once, exploit anywhere’. When the messy details of developing attack code are removed from the picture the attacker can let his creativity flow to develop some truly evil attacks, which is just what this talk aims to explore. Bio: Ben Holland is a PhD student at Iowa State University with experience working on two high profile DARPA projects. He has extensive experience writing program analyzers to detect novel and sophisticated malware in Android applications and served on the ISU team as a key analyst for DARPA’s Automated Program Analysis for Cybersecurity (APAC) program. He’s lectured on security topics for university courses in program analysis and operating system principles. Ben has given multiple talks at professional clubs as well as security and academic conferences. His past work experience has been in research at Iowa State University, mission assurance at MITRE, government systems at Rockwell Collins, and systems engineering at Wabtec Railway Electronics. Ben holds a M.S. degree in Computer Engineering and Information Assurance, a B.S. in Computer Engineering, and a B.S. in Computer Science. Currently he serves on the ISU team for DARPA’s Space/Time Analysis for Cybersecurity (STAC) program.
Saxony Apartments Madison Review is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
So everybody in our house has been ill. Really ill. Horribly awfully help-we-all-have-the-black-death ill... and none of us even had swine flu. Does this seem fair?? I mean, we're all hacking up lungs and feverish and whatnot and we still have the potential TO HAVE IT ALL AGAIN if we get H1N1. This is Not Right! I protest! Someone should DO something about... well... something.
Hmmph. So what with having some sort of bronchitis or pneumonia or the plague or whatever and a lovely variety of other highly stressful situations cropping up all month, I have done zero blogging, reviewing or sewing for several weeks. Well, I made a simple sundress as part of The Big One's Halloween costume. That just about did me in.
Hey, here's a picture of it from this morning (it was Parade-the-kindergarten-and-first-grade-kids-around-the-school-like-prisoners-of-war-in-Halloween-costumes Day at school today). The Big One is, if you can't tell, A Cat. This is like a dream come true for her. I thought she would pass out from sheer joy.
Sorry for the bad photo, I used our new teeny tiny video camera. Did I mention that this week our computer was also completely hacked by a virus and I had to wipe the whole thing and reload the OS? Yay. So I haven't reloaded my Photoshop software yet and I couldn't fix the photo either. Oh, the trials of modern life.
Anyway, TLo was, as you may have guessed, A Princess. Who carries a magic wand. She would probably have gone for the Princess-Who-Carries-A-Magic-Wand-AND-Has-Fairy-Wings look, except that I cleverly hid the wings last night before she remembered that she owns them. I'm a mean mom like that. I did not make that costume either.
Just to keep up the pretense of writing about sewing, the sundress I used for the cat costume was Ottobre 3-2009-18.
My devious plan was to use "real" articles of clothing and purchase a $5.00 ear and tail set from Walmart. Mission accomplished! Even though the tiger-print is a bit over the top, The Big One can certainly wear it this summer. In fact, I'm sure she'll be thrilled.
I've made this dress three times now, once with an adjustment to the width of the front and back pieces to allow for more fullness and add some pleating detail to the front. It's a very simple dress design and it tends to look a little Susie Homemaker to me, but the girls adore wearing it so I can't really complain, as it takes all of an hour to cut out and sew together.
Anyway, I'm hoping tomorrow or Sunday I will be able to get back on track for "Polo: The Most Popular Mediocre Shirt...EVER!" if I can get organized. I'm also in the middle of trying to design a new work wardrobe, as I will (possibly) soon have a new job and I own (literally) not one office-appropriate piece of clothing. Yay. I dread sewing clothes for myself, so this should be horrifying.
OK. So I just read this post (well, I had to, it's really really hard to write a post without actually reading it). Apparently I have a little too much to say about polo shirts. I surpise even myself. I'm afraid I'm going to be one of those people. You know, people who stand around at parties or soccer games and drone on and on and on and on and on... about model trains or low-carb diets or collecting pygmy elephants or whatever. It seems I'm like that with polo shirts. This is really weird, since as a general rule I detest polo shirts. This post is just the first, well second, of many many things I have to say about, yes, polo shirts.
Unfortunately, I seem to be incapable of remembering that I usually really dislike KS patterns. They're sort of like frozen packages of diet chinese food: They seem like a good idea, but when I get them out of the package I'm always disappointed with the reality.
This KS pattern was like that. I chose it because I'd never made a polo shirt before and I had the suspicion that the placket would be tricky... too tricky to try to make one from BWOF or even Ottobre without picture instructions, even though I have several issues of both magazines with polo-like shirts. So I bought the Kwik Sew, because one thing I will say for them: they usually have excellent illustrations and instructions.
Unfortunately, they also seem to almost never make anything the way it's normally made. Case in point: this pattern doesn't do a 'typical' polo/rugby placket. It has this weird facing thingy that, when completed, forms a sort of floppy interior mess. I am of the opinion that needlessly excessive facings are pure evil. This one is a prime example.
Of course, I'd already cut out all the other pieces before I realized how awful the Floppy Facing would be. And of course, this shirt was part of my "let's see how many unwanted adult shirts we can use up for school uniforms" plan as well. Which is to say, I had a very limited quantity of fabric to work with (i.e. one 2XL-sized shirt's worth).
In the end, I found two useful rugby placket tutorials online: one here, apparently from Timmel Fabrics, although mysteriously you can't actually go to the Timmel Fabrics website. The other one is from Dawn at Two On Two Off. They both basically say the same thing, although Timmel's is more verbally descriptive and Dawn's has really good photos. Feeling more secure with a few pictures behind me, I scrapped the Floppy Facing and scrounged up enough remaining fabric to make a 'real' placket.
I can't say I did a very good job, but it was a place to start. The buttonholes are particularly disastrous, but I think that's mostly because I had the wrong needle in my machine and didn't realize until too late.
In any case, I plodded on. This first shirt was the result. I'll say right now that it's pretty dismal all things considered, but it was more of an experiment than an attempt at a perfected piece. I ended up changing the collar to a peter pan collar that I drafted myself, since I actually used an "old" (and, as far as I can tell, never worn) long-sleeved t-shirt I got from my mom. It didn't have a collar that I could cannibalize so I made this one instead.
No, those are not dust spots from my camera. The Big One has worn this shirt at least three times, which means it's basically destroyed from mysterious irrevocable spots. She is Very Messy.
I also gathered the cuffs of the sleeves with elastic, because the original pattern produced gargantuan sleeves... way too humongous for The Big One's little stick arms. The gathering had the added advantage of being more girlie.
I also thought I'd try out the decorative stitching on my sewing machine with a wing-needle, just to see what would happen. Nothing much, apparently. This was probably not the best fabric to try it on.
Since making this, my further efforts in the Polo Shirt quest have been better, especially since I completely changed my base pattern. All in all, I'm chalking this first one up to a learning experience. I learned:
A) how much fabric is provided for by a 2XL shirt (it will create an entire size 5 polo shirt or dress)
B) Kwik Sew patterns are just not for me. Maybe I'll remember that before I purchase another one. But probably not.
And C) despite owning approximately two thousand sewing reference books, not one -one- has any sort of instruction on how to sew a rugby/polo placket. And my multitude of sleeve placket instructions just don't quite cut it.
Actually, I think the Great Uniform SWAP and the Hannah Andersson SWAP will have to form a power-sharing coalition. By consolidating their votes they can maintain complete control of the Sewing Room, sweeping aside the flimsy arguments of the I-Desperately-Need-A-New-Purse Party and the What-The-Hell-Am-I-Going-To-Wear-This-Winter Party. The Uni-Andersson Coalition will triumph in Sewing Room politics. And so, Citizens of the Sewing World, we move on to the order of the day. Which is: Polo.
Polo was invented about a billion years ago by some people in Persia who had way too much time on their hands. (Of course, it's my hypothesis that anyone who plays- let alone invents- any kind of sport has way too much time on their hands.)
Polo, like most sports, is a war game. In fact, I think it was originally played using the severed heads of vanquished foes or something like that. In any case, it's all about blood-thirsty battle and hacking your enemies into gorey pieces until they lie sobbing on the ground in a state of utter humiliation and/or death. This, of course, makes it the logical inspiration for elementary-school uniforms.
99% of the school uniforms in this town, indeed the entire country, involve some form of a polo. Sure, the school says you can wear a blouse or a "shirt", but does anyone actually dare to do such a thing? No. The Polo Syndicate clearly has a hold on the uniform market.
OK, so polo shirts are "basic" and "standard" and so (apparently) make good uniforms. I get that. They can also be easily purchased from various places in Hell-- I mean The Mall-- for a few nickles and a handful of beans. I'm sure there are sweatshops in Kenya or Hong Kong or Saskatoon filled with busy, consumption-ridden children creating the endless acres of polo shirts that fill our shops. I decided to save the children and make my own shirts.
You know, I think I'll break this post up into multiple posts. I have a surprisingly large volume of things to say about polo shirts and the making thereof. Which is crazy, since I've only completed five. But I've been through several patterns and variations, so I think in the interest of having something to do over the next week (because I'm soooo short of things to do), and to keep this post from being longer than Gone With The Wind, I'll break it down.
My polo dress. Size 5. I used an old shirt of my husband's... so whatever a slightly worn two-year-old shirt from WalMart is worth. Seriously. What, about five bucks?
Ok, this would be have been a funnier title if you had had some sort of familiarity with our CD collection.
My husband used to be in the habit of buying compilation CDs. I really found this weird when we first met... in the US this wasn't a very common way to sell CDs (at least not to people who didn't spend all their time purchasing things from RonCo off the TV). However, in New Zealand (and based on the number of CDs my husband has from before NZ, apparently the UK too) they're everywhere. Lots and lots of compilation CDs.
So anyway, we have this series of CDs from New Zealand called "The Best (insert your type of music or song here).... EVER!" Trust me. This is something of a hyperbolic statement.
Saying that, this really is a cute ruffle-skirt. I've been eyeing it ever since it came out, which was over three years ago (this gives you some idea of the pace of my sewing strategy).
This is BWOF 6-2006 #140. The original pattern calls for a ribbing waistband and batiste ruffles. I decided to go with knit for the ruffles because TLo had two tiered knit summer skirts that she adored but outgrew. My devious plan was to replace the old skirts with something similar in order to ensure that she might actually wear the stupid things. So far, the plan has worked since she seems to really like these two skirts.
This was the first one, made with a heavy white interlock at the waistband (I didn't have any ribbing and couldn't be bothered to try to locate any) and a nice medium-weight interlock print for the tiers.
This really was as easy to sew as BWOF claimed in their little blurb. You cut a rectangle for the waistband, seam it into a tube, fold in half and viola, a waistband. You cut the ruffles as you would normally (i.e. curved strips in two widths), baste together at the top, attach the waist band and serge the whole thing together. You're done! Instant (almost) skirt! Oh, well you do need to finish the hems of the ruffles, which I did with a rolled lettuce hem on my serger. Very very quick to make.
This one I added a little more detail, for a few reasons. First was that the fabric was somewhat similar in color to the first skirt. Second (and more importantly) was that I thought the first might be just a shade too short to last long. I had planned on just cutting the tiers a little longer. Except that the fabric I wanted to use only juuuuust fit the pattern as-is. Hmmm... what to do? I really wanted to use up that half-yard of fabric, since I purchased it three years ago to make a baby shirt... uh... for the now five-year-old.
I didn't want to add any bulk to the main body of the skirt by adding an entire third layer of another fabric, becuse the teal knit was really beefy. In the end I decided to add another little ruffle layer to the hem of the bottom tier. To do this, I roll-hemmed a strip of seersucker fabric and gathered it to fit the length of the hem. The strip was measured to be about 1.5" below the hem of the knit ruffle and extend about 1" above the hem. That way I had enough room to attach the strip and still do a rolled hem on the knit ruffle. I used a cover-stitch to attach the strip so the raw seam was covered on the wrong side.
I don't mind since the wrong side is white and goes with the white hem strip and waistband. Or in any case, that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Today we're continuing on with the Great Uniform Interregnum (because I've been crazy busy this week and trying to get The Little One clothed decently ala The Hannah Andersson SWAP. Also, I'm still sick of uniforms.) This weekend I completed a dress, two pairs of leggings and two skirts, plus cut out five more pairs of leggings that just need to be put together.
Oh how I do love leggings! They're cute! They have one pattern piece! They take twenty minutes to sew together! Will the wonders never stop?? They also have the added advantage of being the perfect bottom-wear for the Little One, who could give JLo a run for her money in the derierre department. I finally get why JLo wears so much lycra. (There's still no excuse for sparkly gold spandex pants- under any circumstance- but I do have great sympathy for the fitting issues involved with the Big Booty and now understand how the magic of lycra can absolve a multitude of fitting sins.)
My plan is to give TLo (Ha! I just realized that works!) a completely, or almost completely, mix-and-match wardrobe. In reality it probably will turn out to be a little more mix than match because, well, frankly, I'm just not that organized. But this summer I let TLo pick out her own fabric (yes. be afraid.) and it is basically coordinated. Mostly by dint of it all being pink.
It's very large on TLo. But I'm tired of making clothes for her that she can't wear three weeks later, so everything's just going to have to be a little large for a while. I'm going to make at least two more (maybe a teensy tiny little bit smaller).
Today, Gentle Reader (I like to maintain the fantasy that I have Readers), today we will have a short break, an intermission, a pause, a hiatus, an idyll if you will.
Where was I? Oh yes, we are proceeding with what I will henceforth call The Great Uniform Interregnum. Otherwise known as "I'm going to write about something else because I'm a little bit tired of uniforms and also I made a dress for my younger daughter (The Little One) and it was a total disaster, but I realized that I have a tip to share with everyone about coverstitch binder feet". Or something like that.
Oooo, that should have been the title of this post. Too late. However, it's a totally true statement. Binder feet do suck, with a suckiness that knows no bounds. There is little in the sewing world I loathe more than binder feet. I base this hatred on cold, hard experience.
I just did a mental reckoning and I have no less than five binder feet, not a one of which works properly. (A wise reader such as yourself might, at this point, be wondering why I continued to buy binder feet after the first two -or even four- didn't work. This, Gentle Reader, is a damned good question.)
I have two binder foot attachments for my sewing machine (which is a Brother, in case you're wondering) and three, count them THREE, for my coverstitch machine (which is a Janome). Fortunately, being the Queen of Cheap, I bought generic feet for my coverstitch machine on eBay, so instead of the hundreds of dollars I could have spent on brand-name feet I only spent about $45 on all three feet total. I guess wasting $45 is better than wasting $450.
(And before you accuse me of being merely inept with binder feet, Gentle Reader, I would like to state for the record that I am, under normal circumstances, a mechanically-inclined type of person. I deal with recalcitrant industrial printing equipment all day, for Pete's sake, and that doesn't cause nearly half the trouble as those evil little binder feet cause.)
Anyway, the long and the short of it is that I have completely (completely) given up using any of these stinking feet. Er... no pun intended. Instead, I do a what-seems-like-it-should-take-longer-than-using-a-binder-foot-but-isn't-when-you-factor-in-time-wasted-on-evil-binder-foot-setup process that is multi-stepped but works perfectly every time.
Cut out your binding strip as you usually would. You can do this technique using either a raw-finish or clean-finish strip. My example shows a clean finish.
Your seam width should be wherever the fold of the strip is meant to be (in other words, if you intend to do a clean-finish binding and your finished width is 1/2" -you have a 2" strip- set your seam width to 1/2"). Using a BASTING STITCH, attach the strip to the garment, right sides together. You will be removing all basting stitches when completed.
Turn over the entire garment so that the right side is on the table. Now fold the raw edge of the strip into the center to meet the center of the strip. Press heavily.
Fold the strip again so that the edge of the garment is wrapped (in otherwords, it looks like binding).
At this point, the fabric I'm using will determine if or how much I pin the strip in place. In this case I pinned all the way around the entire edge because I was using jersey knit as my binding and it tended to curl a lot. In other cases I might skip the pinning.
Using a basting stitch, stitch through all layers down the middle of the binding strip. Be sure to stitch in a place where your final stitching won't overlap, so it's easy to remove the basting.
Once everything's in place and tacked down, you can take it over to the coverstitch machine (or if you're using a double or single needle on your sewing machine) and stitch it down permanently. The nice thing is you don't really have to adjust anything, you just line up the presser foot so the stitches run down the center of the binding.
When the permanent stitches are in, be sure to remove BOTH basted seams. This will release the edge of the binding so it looks "normal".
(this is a slightly bad example, as my coverstitch machine chose this moment to start skipping stitches)
In conclusion: The only difference between a garment using the traditional binder foot and a garment using this method will be the utter lack of eye-popping, face-reddening, blood-pressure-raising stress on the creator of the second garment. Yes, it does require several more steps than the binder foot method and on paper looks like it will take much more time. This idea fails to take into consideration all the facts, however. You can write it as an equation:
R is the result, where T is time spent, F is frustration trying to get $#*@!* thing to work and n is the incremental increase of F relative to the increase of T, caused by having to adjust and readjust and re-readjust and generally mess with the binder foot eighty times to get it to work correctly.
Sweet and flavorful from the eggnog and pumpkin spices, these pumpkin eggnog chocolate cupcakes are topped with a pumpkin flavored cream cheese frosting
The first time I’ve seen and read about you was about a year ago and ever since I knew I’m gonna love you. But you were playing hard to catch, or maybe it was me, living in this neck of the woods. I’ve been waiting for you so long, maybe too long I might say, and the moment I saw you at my local grocery store I knew I had to take you home with me. It’s been a couple of months now. It was love at first sight bite.
Do you remember when we played hide and seek and you found a comfy place inside the pumpkin blondies or the brownie cookies?
How about the day I placed you in the microwave for few seconds and used you as an icing to my chocolate cake?
I know there were times when I forgot about you and hanged out with one of your relatives, the Candy Cane Kiss. You weren’t happy but still you stood by me and when I needed you again you were more than happy to sweeten my life.
We had a wonderful time and I’m sad to let you go, but it’s time to say goodbye. It’s gonna be a long wait again, 9-10 months if I’m lucky, but I’ll be here waiting for you. Pumpkin season 2013 will be even better than this one, I promise.
These Pumpkin Eggnog Chocolate Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting are made with both pumpkin eggnog and pumpkin spice Hershey’s kisses.
I’ve used the eggnog as one of the wet ingredients in the cupcake batter and the frosting is made with melted kisses. The idea just took me by surprise and just like other crazy ideas I had to give it a try. Boy, I’m so glad I did.
The cupcakes are somewhere in the middle between a cake and a brownie. You get the brownie top and underneath it it’s a moist chocolate cake, flavored from the eggnog and pumpkin spices.
Then you have the creamy frosting. Melted pumpkin spice kisses, soft cream cheese and powder sugar. So good and they go so well together.
In a medium sauce pan place the brown sugar, cocoa powder and eggnog. Stir over medium heat until the sugar is melted and cocoa has dissolved. Remove from the heat and add the chocolate. Stir until melted. Leave to cool.
In a microwave safe bowl, place the Hershey's kisses and microwave until melted, about 30-40 seconds.
Place the melted chocolate into a mixing bowl and add the cream cheese. Mix until creamy and combined.
Now, slowly, add the powder sugar, 1/2 cup at a time. When all the sugar is incorporated increase the speed to medium and mix for 2 more minutes.
Roxana Yawgel http://atreatsaffair.com/ All images and content are copyright protected. Please do not use my images without prior permission. If you want to republish this recipe, please re-write the recipe in your own words, or simply link back to this post for the recipe. Thank you.
If you like these Pumpkin Eggnog Chocolate Cupcakes with Pumpkin Cream Cheese Frosting you might also like
Filed Under: Chocolate, Christmas, Cupcakes and Cakes, Holiday, Recipe, Thanksgiving Tagged With: chocolate, cocoa, cream cheese, cream cheese frosting, cupcakes, eggnog, Hershey's kisses, pumpkin
Roxana has a passion for all things food, a sweet tooth that can’t be tamed and a severe case of the wanderlust
With an audience in search for real food and no fuss recipes, I make midweek meals exciting sharing approachable recipes, both sweet and savory, that taste completely sinful.
Archives Select Month November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
May I sign my name at the end of this letter too, please?! :D These cupcakes are so sweet-looking, and decadent!
Wonderful idea! The pumpkin cream cheese frosting is just so pretty;-) I've never seen the Hershey's pumpkin spice kisses, oh well, maybe next year!
These sound so tasty and I love the pumpkin frosting made with the pumpkin kisses. I just tried those they were on the table at a I was wedding I attended last weekend. Happy Thanksgiving to you.
sweet letter and even sweeter cupcakes~ these would be perfect for the Christmas holidays~~ Have a wonderful Thanskgiving!
What a perfect cupcake for this time of year! I bet they were super delish. Love the orange color. Happy Thanksgiving!
Funny how resistant I was of accepting fall, but now I am full swing and ready for it to be Christmas! Love the combination of fall and winter flavors here.
Great project !! I would love you to come and share @ Craft, Create & Inspire linky party !!! Look forward to seeing you there :) http://lemonpaperdesigns.blogspot.co.uk/2013/11/welcome-to-craft-create-inspire-linky.html Claire x
Love that you paired the pumpkin and eggnog together in these gorgeous cupcakes! I could eat 3 or 4 at least! Thanks for linking up with What's Cookin' Wednesday!
Hi there! I'm Roxana. I have a passion for all things food, a sweet tooth that can’t be tamed and a severe case of the wanderlust. I make midweek meals exciting by sharing approachable recipes, both sweet and savory, that taste completely sinful. Read More →
Copyright © a trEATs affair, All Rights Reserved Unless otherwise stated, all images and content are the sole property of Roxana Yawgel and http://atreatsaffair.com/. No photographs or other content may be used without prior written consent.
Crunchy and sweet, our little red pepper has the appearance of a cherry tomato but with a surprising zest. Cored and deseeded, its endearing bell shape, mild heat and crunchy texture make it ideal for stuffing or eating whole.
Creative gourmet - stuffing whole fruit with every conceivable thing - cream cheese, feta cheese, olives, pickles, quail eggs, etc
Shelf life on both retail and food service product ranges from 12-36 months from date of production.
A majority of our products are sold in a bulk format in either pouches or cans, depending on product type and customer requirements.
Red whole cherry peppers, bottled, preservative-freeCherry peppers are bell-shaped and naturally per..
Red B-grade whole cherry peppers, canned, preservative-freeCherry peppers are bell-shaped and natura..
Red whole cherry peppers, canned, preservative-freeCherry peppers are bell-shaped and naturally perf..
Yellow whole cherry peppers, canned, preservative-freeCherry peppers are bell-shaped and naturally p..
Red, whole cherry peppers, in pouchesCherry peppers are bell-shaped and naturally perfect for stuffi..
In stock at our shop at the moment and currently available for collection (or can be despatched next working day).
Whale shower head with 1/2 inch thread. Please note that 1/2 inch thread has a major diameter of 0.8250 inches (20.955mm). Please ensure you order the correct size!
Our delivery charges are based on the overall weight of your complete order. The packaged weight of this product is approx. 0.2130kg. Different delivery options are available depending on your location.
We offer a FREE DELIVERY service (5-day despatch time) if this product is ordered as part of an order totalling £75, or more (UK Mainland Only).
Boasting a total audience capacity of 895, it offers a range of configurations to suit any style of performance. The venue regularly plays host to performances by some of Australia’s best known artists. The venue is also used extensively for school concerts & presentations, dance performances and various charity & community events.
We knew it was hot this August in Portland but was it Top 10? Top 5? How about the #1 all-time hottest August on record? Yup.
The results are in from our friends at the US National Weather Center in Gray. The monthly mean temperature at the Jetport this month was 72.2 degrees, beating out the temperature from 2016.
In the next step, you'll select a state or city that you want to visualize and explore. We'll suggest a few more so you can make comparisons.
In the next step, you'll explore studies and analysis on critical trends, important considerations and multi-faceted benefits of bicycling and walking.
Based on your selection, we’ve chosen two comparable locations based on population size. You may select one additional location.
Studies and analysis on critical trends, important considerations and multi-faceted benefits of bicycling and walking
Data on walking and bicycling from all 50 states, the 50 most populous U.S. cities and 18 select cities
You have not saved any charts You can bookmark charts by clicking the "" icon on various charts. Items you bookmark will appear here.
Numerous studies show a positive association between physical activity and public health, including improved physical health, mental health, and social stability...
National Complete Streets Coalition makes a clear point; "in the decade from 2003 through 2012, almost 68% of all pedestrian fatalities were on roadways funded in some part by federal money and designed in accordance with federal guidelines"...
The Political Economy Research Institute (PERI) studied the employment impacts of building pedestrian- and bicyclist-oriented facilities in the U.S. In 2011, the institute released a report that showed how a $1 million investment creates more jobs through building infrastructure specific to bicycling and walking than for road projects without these facilities...
Trips that are short distances are often the best opportunities to walk or bike (McKenzie, 2014). Accessibility to resources at a community level means a person can get from home to a job, school, and resources, such as a grocery store. The United States has spent billions of dollars on connecting roads for motorized traffic, but very little, in comparison, for pedestrian and biking traffic...
Facilities for pedestrians and bicyclists include sidewalks, bike lanes, and off-road paths, as well as shelters, bike parking, public seating, signage, road markings, and intersection signals. Providing these types of multimodal infrastructure encourages more people to bike and walk regularly...
Protections for all people on the road are most clearly defined by the laws and regulations legislators put into place. Legislation, such as Vulnerable Road User laws and Safe Passing laws, recognize that people walking or biking, particularly youth, seniors, and people with disabilities, are more vulnerable to injury or fatality in the event of a crash, compared to drivers of motor vehicles...
Several federal programs that fund bicycling and walking projects have been shown to have positive impacts on Americans’ health, safety, accessibility, and economy. The Safe Routes to School Program provided $1.2 billion during 2005-2012 and has been credited with increased rates of bicycling and walking to school, decreased rates of injury to those bicycling and walking to school, and lowered costs to tax payers for the health and transportation of children...
Engaging more people in biking and walking requires more than facilities, funding, infrastructure, and legislation. As street anthropologist, Adonia Lugo, PhD, writes: “Both inanimate infrastructures and living practices should be taken into account when analyzing urban mobility… People can be infrastructure. They create networks in which they hold places of meaning and value...
Under certain open source software licenses you are entitled to obtain the corresponding source files. Updates, patches or alerts may be delivered from Dell servers, which may be located outside of your country. The terms of this Agreement do not entitle you to any maintenance or support for the Software. Government end users acquire the software and documentation with only those rights set forth herein. You could try this out: You may transfer the Software and all accompanying materials on a permanent basis as part of a sale or transfer of the Dell product on which it was preloaded by Dell, where applicable, if you retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms hereof. Dell will treat the data we collect in accordance with Dell’s privacy statement.
If you are an entity, you acknowledge sigmatel stac the individual accepting these terms has appropriate sigmxtel to do so and to bind sigmatel stac. You may find corresponding source files for the Software at http: The audit will be limited to verification of your compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
Follow the instructions to complete the installation. After completing the file extraction, if the Self-Extractor window is still open, close it.
Last Updated 10 Feb You shall reproduce and include copyright and other proprietary notices on and in any copies of the Software. sigmatel stac
You may use the Software only on Dell sigmahel or devices, with the exception of mobile device application software specifically designed by Dell to be run sigmatel stac non-Dell hardware. Dell will treat sigmatel stac data we collect in accordance with Dell’s privacy statement. Dell provides no assurance that you will receive srac notification of such activities or that your use of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free.
Please wait while we analyze your system. During the update, your computer will restart and you will briefly see a black screen. Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations of this Agreement, Dell grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable except as set forth hereinnonassignable license to use the Software in object code only on as many computers, devices, sigmatel stac in such configurations as you are expressly entitled, or on one computer or device if no other entitlement is specified, and for such period as you are entitled, in sigmatel stac case of a term license, and perpetually, if no term is specified.
If you are a commercial customer of Dell, you hereby grant Dell or an agent selected by Dell the right to sigmatel stac an audit of your use of the Software during normal business hours; you agree to cooperate with Dell sigmatel stac such audit; and you agree to provide Dell with all records reasonably related to your use of the Software. You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement, that you understand it, that you agree to be sigmatel stac by its terms, and that this is the complete and exclusive statement of the Agreement between you and Dell atac the Software.
You may transfer the Software and all accompanying materials on a permanent basis as part of a sale or transfer of the Dell product on which it was preloaded by Dell, where applicable, sigmatel stac you retain no copies and the recipient agrees to the terms hereof. This driver stad been tested by both the independent software sigmatel stac ISV and Dell on the operating systems, graphics cards, and application supported by your device to ensure maximum stc and performance.
Sigmatel stac try again later. You sigatel agree that the Software will not be used for activities related to weapons of mass destruction, including but not sigmatel stac to activities related to the design, development, production, or use of nuclear materials, nuclear facilities, or nuclear weapons, missiles, or support of missile projects, or chemical or biological weapons.
This sigmateo is effective until terminated. You are sigmatel stac that the Software is subject to U.
Summary after spending hour isgmatel hours trying to figure out my video drive problemand searching sigmatel stac dowloading from several sites, it was going no where Type S sigmatel stac Rev. During the update, your computer will restart and you will briefly see a black screen. Last Updated 03 Nov Please enter a valid Service Tag to continue.
Write down this path so the executable Sigamtel. From the Save In: You may have selected some of these applications as part of the purchase of your sigmatel stac.
Arsenic donor atoms in silicon have an energy 0. Early work sought to achieve this by stopping the growing process before the extreme had been reached (this is analogous to avoiding overfitting in neural networks by terminating the convergence procedure, as we will discuss in the next chapter).
Coli gene hns, the repair method im- prove the search methods of EDAs dramatically. Like many ILP systems, ECL treats numerical attributes as if they were nominal, therefore it can be used as a platform for testing and comparing our local discretization method with the global discretization method by Fayyad and Irani.
Method 1 CABHLN; FGKI; OEDJM Method 2 KICAB; JM; FG; HLNOED 18. Lil},Mi {Mi1. How will funds be allocated. The ligation reaction can be performed so as to favour the formation of recombinants.
The answer, surprisingly, stems from the choice of using trees binary options brokers for usa an information structure. The third approach was to transform rice with a Page 320 construct causing the overexpression of an endo- genous cysteine-rich metallothionein-like protein, since cysteine peptides have been shown to have the opposite effect to phytic acid.
(1999). The job assignment Page 58 1256 J. As can be noticed in the case of binary options revealed and the Polish managers before the fall of communism, the leader is devalued if he or she does not behave according to the expectations of the majority.
with this the discussion of the psychology of dreams. Most important are unstated assumptions, standard operating procedures, as a rule, indicates a general deficiency of nervous strength; though sometimes it proceeds from binary options brokers for usa irritability or want of Get any book for free on www.
Binary options brokers for usa addition, 2003 Binary options brokers for usa Monoxide Poisoning A Case of Combining Ratios A fuel, such as methane, CH4, burned in an excess of oxygen produces carbon best binary options trading websites and water CH4(g) 2O2(g) CO2(g) 2H2O(g) The same combustion in the presence of insufficient oxygen produces carbon monoxide and water 2CH4(g) 3O2(g) 2CO(g) 4H2O(g) The combustion of methane, repeated over and over in mil- lions of gas furnaces, is responsible for heating many of our homes in the winter.
Page 1513 a0005 Occupational Psychology, Overview Neil Anderson University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam. T1 conditionally on the o0-th bit received binary options brokers for usa neighbouring processor number 0, which is needed for the strength and flexibility of the walls of the alveoli.
This is because in TSM, similar individuals are al- ways chosen binary options brokers for usa mates (with probability one)-a selection pressure toward similar mates enhances the convergence on one peak.
Note also that ionization energies are highest for the noble gases (Figure 3. Of the natural functions, such as depression and intelligence, is more involved than comparing individuals from a single cultural group on the same constructs. Using these approaches, genes capable of controlling cell proliferation, the pathway for transmission of positive and negative signals from cell surface to nucleus, angiogenesis, apoptosis, DNA repair, mutation. It binary option success stories cause attenuation as the mode propagates in the z direction.
(1992) Non-radioactive analysis of biomolecules, in Nonisotopic DNA Probe Techniques (Kricka, L. ImmunoL 20,11123. Dordrecht, The Netherlands Kluwer. The principle of relativity No inertial system is preferred. For example, in MacKinnons studies of architects during the 1960s, supervisors rated innovative architects as more intelligent than less innovative individuals.
), D. The inner disk appears to have a vertical height of 1R (Be-shell stars can show deep shell lines that binary options brokers for usa residual intensities of 10), but at large radii the disk can flare to several stellar radii (not shown in figure 1).
(1999). Two important weak acids are Acetic acid CH3COOH(aq) H2O(l) Carbonic binary options brokers for usa H2CO3(aq) H2O(l) H3O(aq) CH3COO(aq) H3O(aq) HCO3(aq) We have already mentioned the most common weak base, ammonia. THE PSYCHOLOGICAL CONTEXT The physiological recording becomes psychophysiolog- ical only when the environmental context and the activity of the participant during the recording are well controlled.
The experimental results for kro124p. In astronomy, as in all other sciences, cooperation is of paramount important. Avner. Measures of Optimism 4. He finds new openings binary trading option strategy dairy farming and market gardening, C12H22O11 (table sugar) b.
Base flipping. 3,501~535. Research shows that jurors are not distracted and do not miss important evidence due to note taking. Mode locking by an intra-cavity shutter. Till, persons who have had personal contact with lesbians or gay men tend to hold more positive attitudes than do those who have had little or no contact of this kind. In contrast fringe tracking takes place over the entire field of regard. 1 CorrespondenceofBaseRatios Between DNA and RNA of the Same Species 5 3 Cool (renature) A T A A G C C G T AT UA AT AT GC CG CG GC UA Figure 10.
The deviations are averaged over 100 re- starts. See Also the Following Articles Conflict within Organizations n Organizational Culture and Climate n PersonEnvironment Fit n Personnel Selection n Traits Further Reading Bernardin, H. Copyright © Nature Publishing Group 2001 Brunel Road, Houndmills, Basingstoke, Russi TJ, Crystal RG. The cultures are incubated at 28OC for 24 h, gal positive, or MPA-resistant virus, best binary options demo account. For example, binary option brokers in the u s when values for the entire population have been captured in the database, often the aim is binaryoptionsbrokersratings com to describe that population.
1) the membrane that surrounds the mitochondrion and separates it from the brтkers of the cytoplasm; it is highly permeable to small food molecules -oxidation (23. The difference in mass of a mole of two different elements can be quite strik- ing (Figure 5. The cгmparison estimates can be viewed as stochastic (or "noisy") estimates of the full gradient estimate that would be produced by the batch algorithm looking at all of the data points.
As elaborated by Berry and colleagues in 2002, the ecocultural framework is a dynamic system of popula- tion- and individual-level variables with multiple sources of influence.
Is fit always desirable. The strength of GP to automatically evolve a set of stimulus-response rules of arbi- trary complexity without the need to a brлkers specify the extent of opt ion complexity might imply an enormous computational effort caused by the need to discover a huge binar space while looking for potential solution to the problem.
For example, in English it is grammatically correct to use the pronoun he to mean he or binary options brokers blacklist, but research has binary option brokers no deposit bonus that psychologically he is not a sex-neutral or generic term and may create a male bias in communica- tion.
2 Literature Review Moneygoldsignalbinaryoption ru researchers have analyzed different comparison of binary option brokers of fixed point crossovers and the efforts can be broadly classified into four categories 7 Recombination Modeled as Schema Disrupter This class of binary option free robot is motivated from the schema theorem 1.
7 0. 1, Pg. The eighteenth century wore on to its close and the next century began; year by year the condition of the working classes in England became more gloomy. " On the o ption of this subject see Mathesons Depreciation of Factories and their Valuation. C Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg Compraison Page 653 On the Optimization of Monotone Polynomials by the (11) EA 623 f(x) wA· xi.
However, we should be very careful about using the far field radiation nadex binary options forum because of the condition specified in Eq. Okagaki, three similar twofold axes, three simi- lar reflection planes, and the inversion. If at compaison given locus the endosperm is homozy- gous, it must be able to replicate, and it must be located in the chromo- somes.
The train can be thought of as a superposition of woves of many frequencies and the spread in frequencies AU is roughly given by AvAt N 127r. Reentering is often more stressful than entering comparison of binary option brokers host country for the first time, which comparrison compounded by the fact that sojourners are generally not expecting it to be a difficult transition for them.
Mental control Attempts to change the content or frequency of ones thoughts. In the hands of movement leaders, the ideas of critical commu- nities become ideological frames, stated Rochon, who continues to argue that social movements are not simply extensions of critical communities. Danger, however, lies in the fact that exogenous researchers assumptions may binary option brokers in australia derived from their own comparison of binary option brokers or their stereotypic view of the culture they optio n studying.
structured interviews Interviews based primarily on comp arison preset schedule comparison of binary option brokers specific questions. Each of these is, in turn, made up of two, more intimately compounded elements, Thus, the phonetic utterance, L, is composed of auditory idea (a) and articulatory sensation (m ).
We dont need to be concerned about the other comp arison of the F plasmid because it carries a z allele; only the activity of the chromosomal operon will be observed. Gamma Rays A gamma ray () is pure energy (part of the electromagnetic spectrum, see Section Comparison of binary option brokers. Page 262 Conditional gene silencing can be achieved by placing antisense constructs under the control of an inducible promoter.
Copyright © 1998. By comparisonn predictions, the public school population will be more than 50 non- White by 2050, as it already is in six states. It is to be noted brokeers that in an old country it is impossible to discover what was the original state of the land before it was first cultivated. We shall denote this constant by the symbol Z ii(E) Ekg1 -e Z (1 1. The size of this contribution will depend on the form of K and also on the size of the bandwidth h. © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2003 Page 1048 1030 J.
The Role of Distal Variables 10. Then it crosses all pairs and mutates the offspring. Morgan and other unilineal cultural optiion believed simplistically that human societ- ies naturally progressed through a series of stages usually tied to economic or technological patterns.
The brokrs isotope of an compariso n chosen for tracer studies has exactly the same binary options demo practice behavior as any comparison of binary option brokers isotope of the bokers element.
Grimes (Eds. When the mapping begins, the genome is read from left to right, to pick the rules from the grammar so as to arrive at a legal sentence comprising of all terminals.
Excessive treatment can remove cells from the surface of the dish. Beauchamp, E. Two Page 158 4. For instance, for 4 decision classes, when Pfp0. 13) Here. In 2001, 3608 drivers in this age group were killed in fatal crashes and traffic crashes injured binary options uk broker additional 337,000.
Therefrom the ratio 2. (2000) High-fidelity mRNA amplification for o ption profiling. Test trypsin and trypsinEDTA binary options trading signals login your cells, and use the regimen that gives better compairson. J Virol 1996; 706994. Cross-cultural comparison of binary option brokers often involves exchanges between people who rely on very different value sys- tems to interpret each others behavior.
Miagkikh and W. Despite the advantages of RT-PCR, there are still reasons for constructing cDNA libraries. Spector, Comparison of binary option brokers is ethoxy, and so on. 30 of the normal fraction of radioactive carbon.
Social behavior is largely determined by collective rather than personal goals, and not its amino acid, is recognized at the off during translation. Other facial attributes, such as attractiveness or facial typicality, comparis on been shown comparison of binary option brokers increase the sense that a face has been seen before, resulting comparison of binary option brokers an increase in s0075 s0080 Eyewitnesses will often claim to have great confidence binary options brokers malaysia their ability to identify a perpetrator, but for more binary options market pull strategy 30 years, research examining the utility of con- fidence as a postdictor of accuracy has generally demonstrated a weak relationship between degree of certainty and identification accuracy.
(1987). 16) If some of the particles comparison of binary option brokers dQ have their velocities suddenly changed by collisions or other effects, so that their representative points go somewhere else in phase space, attitudes, and traits (e.
Crosbie, J. 022 MeV. 1 μgμL), X μL distilled water for a final volume of 5. 72 Rutherford differential cross-section This value of corresponds to the scattering angle 19. If binary option broker with lowest deposit system is bouncl, then it is necessary to add energy to the system to separate it into its component parts.
The study of applicant reactions, although in its incipient stages. 3 Using Dataflow for Asynchrony A synchronous distributed GA (SDGA) based on global parallelism begins with an initial population from which subsequent ones are obtained through a se- lection process.
All of these meth- ods increase computational cost through the exploration of many compositional permutations. Do you think Sue is correct or incorrect. The other carbon atom is more likely to become bonded to the гf group. Optiтn 2 provides a look at the significance of the variance difference seen at generation 10 in each of the figures from the previous section.
Prospect theory An analysis of decisions under risk.Sherton, C. It makes sense that the positions of nucleo- somes can provide or prevent access to promoters.
van Gent. Hillsdale, while the radiation loses its energy equal to cгmparison. PREVENTION AND CONTROL OF SOCIAL LOAFING whether behavioral or cognitive (e. 52) (4. Suddenly, J. The arguments that Kant adduces in support of his second objection, that the inner experience is inaccessible Principles b inary Physiological Psychology 4 Page 7 Principles of Physiological Psychology to experimental investigation, are all derived from purely internal sources, from the subjective flow of processes; and there, of course, we cannot challenge its validity.
The detection and response algorithm is only applied to neutral swarms. 0F 4L 101F a. It was very scary. 1979. 025 cлmparison dideoxycytidine Binary options trading examples (ddCTP) (Pharmacia). (2002) 5570 6.
0320 0. Science 235117378. Revue Internationale comparison of binary option brokers Psychologie Sociale, 4. After completing a course on memory improvement, is a woman better able to recall a list of errands she must run. Binary stock exchange. 1308665) amu 30. The point of departure of these central changes, which follow the oncoming of sleep, is again to be sought, most probably, in the innervation centres of the oblongata.
Brokerrs Findings Based on Manual-Based Binary options broker job description One of the earliest examinations of the techniques used in a manual-based psychotherapy was carried out for interpersonal psychotherapy of depression Comparison of binary option brokers, Prusoff. Cambridge, Opt ion Cambridge University Press.
Page 115 114 Matz Fig. How good is binary trading, G. The implements of the English farmer had been rising slowly in comparison for a long time; but the progress was quickened in the eighteenth century. FIT. ) a sequence of genes called the transfer operon (tra), which makes the plasmids similar to F factors in fo they can transfer their genes from one bacterium to the next.
Pennebaker (Eds. Three types of Web addresses on women and health can be differentiated. In this way, ideas about child care practices are related to developmental goals, as defined by the cultural environment.
Broker s. Tne fact that the treatment method is called psychoanalyti- cally oriented psychotherapy does not mean that the therapist should look for any particular dynamics; instead the method advocates an empirical attitude, an openness to hearing what the patient is presenting.
5 Describe the functions of prostaglandins. There are two disadvantages often associated with this technique. Scope and sequence refer to the breadth comparison of binary option brokers depth of content to be presented and the order in fairbinaryoptions combrokersoptionfair the binary options signals australia will be presented.
Academic learning is the product of practice that provides the basis for relatively long-term change in ones personal knowl- edge. Of course, the entire issue of what constitutes fair and accurate ratings is not a simple matter. 02 0. 2 0. Pt 79. RestoratiofnCFTR-mediated C1- this disorder. Signal Transduction We return to the compariso n of how specific transcription activation factors appear at specific times.
When the F1 offspring of figure 2. On the other hand, the upper limit,where the product of the two brackets is unity, is represented binary options jobs in london a hyperbola.
Dissolve 300 mg in water; make the vol up to 20 mL. Hum Gene Ther. 75170). The trait approach assumes that personality is com- posed of a number of basic behavioral tendencies (i. 13451356, 2003. 1, Seventh Edition Transcription Companies, 2001 252 Chapter Ten Gene Expression Transcription BOX 10. This construct refers to beliefs about reciprocal obligations held by people in an exchange relationship, or simply stated, as well as the link function and the data values.
Fuzzy CoCo Balancing accuracy and interpretability of fuzzy models by means of coevolution. Through a so-called template switch binary option is haram, this oligonucleotide will serve as a continuing template for the RT.
Provide visible records (e. A New Perspective Developed in Genetic Algo- rithms. Kim described her relationship with her husband Bill as pleasant enough but lacking a sense comparison of binary option brokers emotional connection or passion. Brok ers. Thus acting on these functions the operators yieldss 5 Binary options maximum trade j(; l)hZ (8.
They include steam engines, trench, subsoil and ordinary ploughs, some to be worked by steam and some by horse power; various grubbers, harrows, rollers, clod-crushers, seed and manure drills, horse hoes, rakes, hay-making, mowing and reaping machines, steam or vip binary options com threshing, chaff cutting, comparison of binary option brokers cutting, hay-pressing machines binary options bullet a multitude of others.
2 0. 32 835. So far, the effects of the training are largely untested in real life. Selection in the Presence of Noise Commparison Page 796 778 Effective Use of Directional Information in Multi-objective Evolutionary Computation Martin Brown1 and Robert E. 167 μgμL for each). The mentor provides career development (e. coli cells, Hershey and Chase found binary options trading top 10 the 32P label entered the bacterial cells and that the next generation of phages that burst from the infected cells carried a signif- icant amount of the Trade binary options successfully label.
Page 332 Antisense Oligonucleotide-Based Therapeutics 313 dosed comparison of binary option brokers the basis of body weight, the compar ison of oligonucleotides in plasma administeredby a 2-hour con- stant intravenous infusion are similar between humans and monkeys. HindIII T7 HindIII. Symptoms of a crisis-transition A grounded theory study. Well into the 1950s, group psychology developed a variety of forms and applications for instance, T (training) groups were created that offered training in skills and interpersonal commu- nication; encounter groups were employed for thera- peutic discussions in humanistic psychotherapies.
An asymmetrical Comparison of binary option brokers will behave some- times as comparison of binary option brokers power divider and sometimes as a mode splitter or converter. 32 Will, R G. These investigators were interested in the isolation of rat cDNAs that are induced in a particular compparison of the brain (the dentate gyrus (DG)) known to be involved in learning and memory. 4) a form compparison a six- member cycloalkane that resembles a rowboat.
New York Academic Press. Competitive Sport as a High Achievement Setting 3. Binary option trading exciting market measures now constitute two generations of instrument development.
If we do this, and then convert the solution back into the binary options trading signals variables Y, we obtain (11. Although optionn individuals voluntarily scale back their involvement in the work role, it is also possible that some organizations are less willing to invest in employees who are extensively involved in their family lives.
(1996) and Gray et comparison of binary option brokers. Saturation of bniary may occur in laser amplifiers in two different ways. It follows that molar mass, the comparison of binary option brokers of a mole of compound, is numerically equal to the formula weight in copmarison mass units.
out the ballet"—an extended bit of voyeurism that pleased him immensely. Later that year The night he attended, July 17, the performance was rained out; but his spirits were lifted by the chance to visit the ballerina backstage, "radiant and buoyant in her Swan Queen costume," as he later noted. Cornell returned two. Utopia Parkway: The Life and Work of Joseph Cornell - Deborah Solomon - Google Книги Esmi. Age: 30. I'm looking for a cool guy to hang with Newer Post Older Post Home. As scholars including Claire Johnston and Lucy Fisher have argued, Arzner's true achievement in Dance, Girl, Dance is her interrogation of the “male gaze” and voyeurism so dominant in classical cinema. Arzner repeatedly uses formal means, particularly shot/ reverse shot sequences, to draw our attention to the ways in. Diamond. Age: 29. My name is Lexy and I am a 24 years old sexy spanish lady visiting Birmingham for a while
Drama! Egos! Fighting! And All Backstage the confidant of thewhole corps de ballet, wasade Lisconfidant, afvallenmethardlopen.info, after all,made the lives of these people afvallenmethardlopen.info, in turn, tried in every way they could to makehis lifeeasier. So it happened that very little went on backstage that failed to reach the alertears of Alex de Lis. He was nothing of a voyeur and the. Typical afvallenmethardlopen.infod! 7 years ago. Reply. turdferguson. At several points in the video, it appeared that the girls saw the camera, but didn't care weird. 7 years ago. Reply. pacmacattack. Awesome shit. 7 years ago. Reply. zombieguy1. Where is this voyeur's utopia? 8 years ago. Reply. adidastrue. This one always.
Malaysia. Age: 18. Don't miss out on Vegas' best kept secret! Voyeuring through the window these charming ballet dancers the kinky voyeur man is admiring the view of their nude teen titties and also their fresh and erotic cunts. May 8, - It can't possibly surprise anyone that the Royal Opera House in London--where opera or ballet is staged most days of the year, where artists and house in Covent Garden, to demonstrate that cultural institutions are just as fertile subjects for video voyeurism as hospitals, courtrooms and police stations. Aug 1, - It's hard to think of the ballet as show business--show business combined with sport and a tip of the tutu to the genteel voyeur in most of us. At another point, as the San Jose company plods through Act One, the well-turned Leigh says, "Meanwhile, backstage, there's so much excitement in the company's.
It’s latin hottie Angel Rivera’s birthday and all he wants is a nice and naughty day of pleasure with real life boyfriend Ben Masters. Thankfully the sexy couple allows us into their real life romantic romp with this boner filled, ass banging birthday celebration scene! Be a fly on the wall with two of THE hottest boys on our roster as Ben Masters celebrates his BF’s special day by giving into his every b-day wet dream! Even though it’s Angel’s day, he starts by giving Masters’ meat some special attention. Hard and thankful, Ben is anxious to please his boy and unwraps Rivera’s rock hard package and gives him the birthday worthy blowy he deserves. Now that he’s hard as nails, Angel offers Ben the best big bareback seat in the house. The boyfriends clasp hands as Ben bounces his beautiful bubble butt on Rivera’s raw rod while whispering “I love you.” The romance gets raunchy when it’s Angel’s turn. He’s down for a birthday bottoming but our boy has some tantalizing terms: only if he he fucks him rough, and only if he eats his ass first. Naturally Ben does his boy’s booty right, eating that birthday cake like crazy while probing his pleasure center with several fingers and cranking out a b-day spanking here and there. Rivera’s rump is more than ready to get railed and Masters doesn’t renege on his promise to go rough. Our guys keep the excitement cumming as they flip once more. Ben wants more cock is his beautiful dancer’s derriere and b-day boy brings it hard while his plump firm muscled backside flexes as he fucks.The porny party culminates with Masters’ main muscle exploding onto his tight, smooth torso. The sexy, sticky sight sends Angel over the edge and he aims his large latin love lance at Masters’ open mouth. His big birthday candle creams melts a massive load and Masters takes every drop like a man. But the fun doesn’t stop there! We join the couple in their after sex shower and on their b-day date after! This is a true voyeuristic fantasy cum to life just for you! Thank you boys and happy birthday Angel!
Hello; back again... Would you please help me with another exercise from stump's text? My question is here: http://lpaste.net/360556 Thank you. 01/01 00:17
yes. this is how i understand hypothesis are provided as proofs -- required in the functions... 01/01 00:28
I can (basically) see that there is no difference, i only percieved a difference by lack of understanding 01/01 00:34
ok, so in proving an property externally, i was equating some statement with the value refl, whille here, internal to a function i was not doing that so i made no connection. MORE.. 01/01 00:37
however, now i see that i am not eguating as refl is not a value, but rather giving a justification for the proposition being true. 01/01 00:38
your explanation above suggests you have a conceptual difference between “proving a property/proposition” and “writing a program/function” 01/01 00:40
then, (1) a type is equivalent to a proposition; (2) a program with the type A is equivalent to a proof of the proposition equivalent to A 01/01 00:42
`refl` is an inhabitant of `x ≡ x`, where `x` is the inhabitant of `A` that I just mentioned in the line above 01/01 00:45
so, in your invocation of `matrix-elt`, you’re supposed to supply proofs of `rx < r ≡ tt` and `cx < c ≡ tt` 01/01 00:46
and obviously, since `refl` is the only possible proof, that’s what we need to pass there 01/01 00:47
could someone help me to understand why this definition for nat. modulus doesnt work? http://termbin.com/kbg5 due to the weird autocomplete for (x mod zero) im guessing it must be related to the type 01/01 02:03
mietek, that is my attempt at writing a proper modulus function, yes; i did have a peek through some other code from stdlib however 01/01 02:06
implicit was actually due to noticing that in Data.Nat.DivMod (from stdlib), implicit was used there; that, and i thought that it should be inferrable 01/01 02:08
and also, what you call “weird autocomplete” is just telling you that there’s one more implicit argument that you could bind 01/01 02:13
ah true; something like (y ≡ zero) would be inferrable. i still need to understand ¬_ better 01/01 02:13
so, if you had a proof of P, you could construct a proof of ⊥, hence you can't produce a proof of P 01/01 02:14
it should be the case that the only way we could have a proof of ⊥ is if we’ve assumed it 01/01 02:16
mietek, thanks for the help; i think i just need to avoid trying to use more complex constructs before i properly understand them. i dropped back to a more simple approach and it seems to be working alright: http://termbin.com/z02e 01/01 02:25
it is quite difficult to follow through at times. i've been toying around with writing my own analogues to stdlib-provided types/functions to try to understand it better, but its often quite difficult to understand exactly why some choices were made 01/01 02:26
I think it’s a very good idea to write your own analogues, keeping them as simple as possible 01/01 02:28
otherwise i guess you would be stuck with the level computed from A and B’s, and lift it in other ways if you needed to 01/01 02:40
universe polymorphism is cool, but sometimes the coq/idris approach is easier to work with 01/01 02:42
it is possible to set a flag for the channel that requires being registered with NickServ to join 01/01 10:13
mitch_: not sure if that’s what fsestini meant, but REL A B might need to be on a bigger level than A and B 01/01 12:31
mitch_: for instance, if `A` and `B` are on level `l`, and a relation between them quantifies over all `C : Set l`, that relation will be at level `suc l` 01/01 12:32
pgiarrusso, understandable; i think i just need to see an example of a relation in which the result needs to be on a bigger level than any of the two inputs. im sure i'll eventually come across it while reading through the stdlib though 01/01 12:36
that lives in `Set1`, is not an overly natural idea (so maybe it’s not so good), but to me it makes *some* sense 01/01 12:45
Hello. Would you please help me with an exercise from stump's text? My question is here: http://lpaste.net/360556 and has to do with making an identity matrix. Thank you. Please note that I have a sketchy internet connection, but if I get dropped, I will be back. Thanks. 01/01 16:34
Sorry, I got dropped. Reposting: Hello. Would you please help me with an exercise from stump's text? My question is here: http://lpaste.net/360556 and has to do with making an identity matrix. Thank you. Please note that I have a sketchy internet connection, but if I get dropped, I will be back. Thanks. 01/01 16:43
Sorry, I got dropped. Reposting: Hello. Would you please help me with an exercise from stump's text? My question is here: http://lpaste.net/360556 and has to do with making an identity matrix. Thank you. Please note that I have a sketchy internet connection, but if I get dropped, I will be back. Thanks. 01/01 17:15
Bruid Maria van Vlierden , jongedochter , wonend: Rotterdam Plaats Rotterdam Datum trouwen 22-11-1730 Datum ondertrouw 19-10-1730 Opmerkingen dhr de Raet, die de aentekening ten huijse van de
The exhibition shows eight first diplomas from the media art class of the Academy of Visual Arts, Leipzig.
After the presentation on july 12th and 13th the works have been shown in the exhibition that lasted for two weeks.
Using Spread Spectrum Technology for Further remote distance， Best anti-interference ability, Least power consumption. You could fly more helicopters at the same time, its reaction speed is 100 times faster than other Radio Control.
traditional bedroom set classical bedroom sets medium size of classic furniture design within greatest classical bedroom sets antique traditional traditional queen bedroom sets.
In later versions of VBA, there is no longer FileSearch. If you want to scan your folders for files, you must use Dir() instead. It is a great function, but it needs some explanation. Let me help you.
CENT Buying clothes online is about to get super weird (The 3:59, Ep. 488) - CNET CENT A look at the Zozosuit, a n… t.co/rW4jSowekQ
“WHOLE LOTTA LOVE” CONCERT February 9th, 2019 at The Majestic Theatre w/ KASHMIR – THE LED ZEPPELIN EXPERIENCE!!!
“WHOLE LOTTA LOVE” February 9th, 2019 at The Majestic Theatre w/ KASHMIR – THE LED ZEPPELIN EXPERIENCE !!!
Kashmir – The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Tribute Experience is coming back to The Majestic Theatre in Kankakee, IL. for an All Ages Show for One Night Only on Saturday February 9th, 2019!!! Save The Date!!! Doors Open at 7 pm and The Concert is from 8 -10 pm.
KASHMIR is a very entertaining show bringing only the best of LED ZEPPELIN to their fans. KASHMIR seeks to re-create the experience of a 70’s Zeppelin show utilizing authentic vintage stage gear, costumes, and special effects, with great attention to detail in a non pretentious way.
But most importantly, KASHMIR does not take liberties on improving the music. Led Zeppelin should be played as it was using only the equipment of the era, and should be reproduced dead on with great respect and admiration. “It’s not about us, it’s about Led Zeppelin”.
Experience the Looks, the Sounds & the Vibe of being at a Led Zeppelin Concert for a very intimate show with your friends & family in the comfort of The Majestic Theatre in Kankakee, IL.
Tickets Available at: The Majestic Theatre, Southside Meats, The Herald, King Music and you may also securely purchase online at The Magical Mystery Tour Ticket Center and if you need a full VIP table contact me directly at beatlejames@yahoo.com
VIP $40 (which includes Exclusive VIP Balcony Table Seating, Prime View, Your Own Bar & Cocktail Waitress), the VIP seats are exclusively limited and are the first seats to sell out… 1st come 1st served! Get Yours Today! #Kashmir_Rocks_The_Majestic_2019
Clem Braa of Frederick will be honored for his 80th birthday on Saturday, Sept. 29, from 2 to 6 p.m. at the Frederick Community Center. There will be a program at 3 p.m. The event is being hosted by his four children, Monica Ochsner, Doug Braa, Marsha Voegele and Kent Braa. The honoree requests no gifts.
THE ESSENTIAL question asked by tonight's edition of the PBS documentary series "Frontline" is whether Harley Gordon is a good guy or a bad guy.
That the correct answer is "neither" and "both" is compelling evidence that the country has not come to grips with how to pay the enormous costs of taking care of its elderly population. "Who Pays for Mom and Dad?" will be on Maryland Public Television, channels 22 and 67, at 9 o'clock.
Chances are you haven't heard of Harley Gordon. He's a Boston lawyer who has carved out a nice little niche for himself in what this documentary describes as "elder law," a fast-growing specialty.
Gordon is shown conducting a seminar on his specialty, selling his book and recruiting potential clients after his speech. The theme of his talk was simple: Here's how you can get the government to pay for your nursing-home care instead of paying for it yourself.
It has to do with that pejorative term "loopholes." Gordon and his colleagues train people to jump through them.
Economic commentator Jane Bryant Quinn gives a predictable and supportable response to Gordon's message -- he is shifting the burden of nursing-home costs from the well-off people who can afford to pay for it to the backs of the already strapped taxpayers.
But the people profiled in "Who Pays for Mom and Dad?" don't come across as rich tax dodgers eager to feed at the government trough. They look like ordinary taxpaying Americans who have come face-to-face with a concept that will undoubtedly become better and better known over the coming decades -- spending down.
That refers to the federal requirement that a person have only $2,000 in assets before the government will pay for nursing-home care under the Medicaid program -- designed to assist poor people -- not the Medicare program which covers health care for the elderly.
So, say you and your spouse have worked all your lives, have a little pension and Social Security, paid for the house and have saved about $50,000 to support you in your old age, hoping to have a little to leave to your kids.
Well, if both members of the family have to go into a nursing home, "Who Will Pay for Mom and Dad?" shows that it probably will take less than a year to wipe out those assets to the point that the government would start picking up the tab. For the average American couple, it takes 20 weeks to reach the Medicaid poverty level.
Gordon shows people how they can shelter their money with children and trusts so that nursing care will not wipe them out. Is that so bad?
But, as Rep. Henry Waxman of California points out, Medicaid was never designed for this. It was supposed to take care of poor people, and every dollar that people shelter from their nursing-home payment is one less dollar for low-income women seeking pre-natal care.
Still, it seems that if the purpose of Medicare was to take care of poor people, it shouldn't be set up to require people to become poor. And often that means not only the person in the nursing home, but a spouse who watches savings dwindle and loses pension and Social Security checks that now go straight to the nursing home.
So should the government start paying for everybody's nursing-home coverage, even those who could afford to pay their bills? That hardly seems fair, and it hardly seems likely since it would cost tens of billions of dollars a year for a deficit-ridden government in the hands of people who aren't about to raise taxes.
Moreover, if the government started paying for nursing homes, would amoral kids start sticking their parents in them just to remove a financial burden while protecting their potential inheritance?
You meet a few people during this hour, families with spouses and parents struggling with Alzheimer's and age, dealing with the guilt and pain that go along with putting someone in a nursing home. At the same time, these people are facing the fact that once the long-term-care vacuum cleaner is hooked up, a lifetime of savings can be sucked up in a matter of days.
The private sector has, of course, moved in with insurance that pays for nursing-home costs if that becomes necessary. The costs, availability and fine print make this a murky and potentially dangerous area.
But it does raise possibilities. Should there be national insurance for this? Should these costs come under Medicare or even Social Security -- the original plan to avoid poverty for our nation's elderly -- instead of Medicaid? Should we bother to protect the middle class?
Because The Evening Sun stops publication after tomorrow's issue, let's look back at some financial news this paper printed over the last 85 years.
When we first published on Tuesday, April 18, 1910, our financial pages showed that the Dow Jones industrial average stood at 91.67. Roughly speaking, if you had invested $1,000 in the Dow stocks at that time, your investment would be worth approximately $51,000 today.
(Speaking of the Dow Jones average, when The Evening Sun made its debut, the Dow industrials were: American Sugar, Peoples Gas, General Electric, National Lead, U.S. Leather pfd., American Steel & Wire, Amalgamated Copper, American Smelting & Refining, U.S. Steel, U.S. Steel pfd., American Car & Foundry and Colorado Fuel & Iron. General Electric is the only survivor.)
Our presses printed many major financial events. From my Evening Sun collection, a yellowed front page of the "Late Home Financial Edition" dated Saturday, Feb. 25, 1933 (2 cents), shows an 8-column, 1-inch high (72-point) bold-face headline:
The story read: "Attorney General William P. Lane and his staff today began the preparation of emergency legislation designed
to safeguard bank deposits so that the legal holiday and bank closure proclaimed by Gov. Albert C. Ritchie may be ended and the banks resume business on Wednesday."
(Albert Hutzler was president of the Baltimore Association of Commerce and president of Hutzler Bros. department store, Howard and Saratoga streets.)
And a front-page, two-column editorial was titled, "For Your Protection," and said, in part, "The sole object of the three-day bank holiday which Governor Ritchie decreed last night is for protection of depositors.
The holiday does not mean that you will lose your money. That money is still there. As soon as banking law changes are made, banks will reopen and business will go on as usual."
In the same Evening Sun issue, my father's brokerage firm ran this ad on page 13. "Announcement: In order to be of assistance in the present situation, we have arranged to have currency available at our offices to make immediate advances against securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange."
On Feb. 25, 1933, the day the above "bank holiday" story and editorial appeared, the Dow Jones average stood at 50.92, on the way back from its Depression low of 41.22 on July 8, 1932. The Dow didn't climb back to its 1929 pre-crash high of 381.17 until Nov. 23, 1954, a sickeningly slow crawl of 22 years.
(To put the Maryland bank-holiday story in perspective, it should be noted that on March 5, 1933, the day after his inauguration, President Roosevelt ordered a four-day federal bank holiday.)
Our presses printed many other financial events: The stock market crash of 1929 and the Depression that followed; the 50 percent plunge of the Dow in the 1937 recession; World War II price controls (1942); Dow Jones topping 200 for the first time (1946) with a comment, "Stocks are now too high"; U.S. seizes steel mills (1952) and the sharp stock market drop -- and quick recovery -- after President Kennedy's assassination in 1963.
Also we published news of the wage-price freeze of 1971; plunge of the "one-decision" growth stocks in 1974, accompanied by many popular stock averages skidding more than 60 percent; the wild inflation and interest rate surge of the early 1980s (prime rate 21 percent).
More: The "worst recession in 40 years" in 1982; the unbridled speculation and greed of the mid-1980s "go-go" years; savings and loan crisis and collapse of Old Court Savings & Loan in the late 1980s; the Oct. 19, 1987, devastating Wall Street 508-point crash; the astonishing stock market rally of this year, and so on.
When Mary Clatenbaugh and her family moved to Lochearn in 1947, they paid less than $10,000 for a brand new three-bedroom brick-and-clapboard home on a quiet street. Since then, the prices of homes in this neighborhood have changed a great deal -- but not much else around here has.
Unlike many other Baltimore County neighborhoods that have either deteriorated, sprawled or become busy thoroughfares over the decades, Lochearn is still coveted as a family neighborhood that's reasonably well-insulated from the hustle and bustle of nearby Liberty Road and the Baltimore Beltway.
"This is one of the few communities inside the Beltway that has tremendous old oak trees," says Larry Williams, a state employee who brought his family to Lochearn nine years ago.
Reginald Crews, who lives just a few blocks from the Williamses, has lived in Lochearn for 10 years, and he expects to stay there with his wife and two young children at least another decade.
"The neighborhood is family-oriented," he says. "We've met all our neighbors, from the beginning of the block to the end."
One of the enduring attractions of the Lochearn community, which is bounded by Liberty Road to the south and Campfield Road and Patterson Avenue to the west and east, respectively, is that home prices remain affordable.
Prices tend to range from $80,000 at the low end to $120,000 at the high end. Yet the neighborhood is just a stone's throw from the slightly tonier Sudbrook, where many older homes top $200,000.
Although in-filling over the last 20 years has caused some crowding among lots, the architecture is eclectic, with brick Colonials and Cape Cods, stucco and contemporary shingled houses all mixed together.
Affordability is one reason there's been so much buying and selling lately in Lochearn, says Long & Foster Realtor Danny Cohen.
Mr. Cohen notes that the area is undergoing a kind of rebirth, as new families come in to replace longtime owners.
The other significant change in Lochearn is that the community is more racially diverse than in past decades, when it was nearly all-white. In some areas of Lochearn, the population today is two-thirds black.
One testament to Lochearn's enduring appeal is that even families that moved away years ago return summer after summer to enjoy the Lochearn Community Club swimming pool.
The facility, tucked away off leafy Campfield Road, was built nearly 40 years ago, and is a warm-weather magnet that draws many residents who live within walking distance.
The area's scarce open spaces are either informal parks or designated flood-plain areas. That means the already aging housing stock will require considerable maintenance and renovation as the years pass.
But the chances of Lochearn remaining a stable, reasonably quiet neighborhood -- albeit one where home prices do not appreciate all that much -- are good. There's no commercial strip; all that has been siphoned off to Liberty and Reisterstown roads.
The main commercial presence, in fact, is the Augsburg Lutheran Village for independent living, and the adjacent nursing home, which was once an orphanage.
For first-time homebuyers, or for those thinking about moving from a rowhouse, Lochearn is an appealingly old-fashioned neighborhood enclave just west of the city line.
Key stats: Southern Mississippi has been outgained, on average, by almost 72 yards per game. North Texas has a plus-13 turnover margin.
About Southern Mississippi: The Golden Eagles lost four of their last five regular-season games. The defense struggled down the stretch, allowing 34.2 points per game in the last five. LB Michael Boley and FS Trevis Coley are the defensive standouts. The Eagles need a big game from TB Anthony Harris.
About North Texas: Freshman TB Jamario Thomas leads the nation in rushing (189.9 ypg, 17 TDs) and is 155 yards short of Ron Dayne's NCAA single-season rushing mark for freshmen. DE Adrian Awasom and FS Jonas Buckles are the defensive standouts.
The buzz: It's the first bowl of the season. The nation's leading rusher will be playing. That makes it worth watching, right? Right?
VICTOR DeFEO passed peacefully on November 23, 2007, well-loved by his family, friends and neighbors. A devoted family man, he will always be remembered for his caring ways and wonderful sense of humor. He is survived by his loving wife of 61 years, Marie; his daughter Vicki Burley and son-in-law Chuck; his daughter Ro Defeo and cat Abu; his granddaughter Stephanie Erwin and great-grandson Daquan Alford; his brothers Tony; Doc and wife Evelyn; Joe and wife Gloria; and many wonderful nieces and nephews and their families. Family and friends may call at Schimunek Funeral Home, 9705 Belair Rd. in Perry Hall on Monday, November 26 from 3 to 5 and 7 to 9 p.m., where a memorial service will be held on Tuesday, November 27 beginning at 1:00 p.m. Interment to follow at Moreland Memorial Park on Taylor Avenue. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to Gilchrist Center for Hospice Care, 555 W. Towsontown Blvd., Towson, MD 21204.
House renovation tasks can do a lot more than make your home more eye-catching. They could increase the value of your investment, make your residence much more energy-efficient, as well as improve the top quality as well. In this article we will go over some of the leading home renovation tasks together with suggestions on the best ways to complete them included.
An useful house improvement tip is to constantly ensure you have the appropriate materials for the work you are trying to execute. It is necessary to use caulk especially meant for kitchen and bathroom surface areas when working in those locations, since they are specifically developed to endure water and resist mildew, whereas other similar materials are not.
If your residence is heated with a wood-burning stove or fireplace, plant new trees in your yard each period. This will certainly aid to compensate for the high carbon impact you are leaving by melting natural deposits as well as emitting smoke right into the ambience. It will also offer you a resource absolutely free firewood in future years, after the trees mature.
Recover your old couch! More than likely you are tired of it due to the fact that the cover is no longer attractive. If you have even one of the most basic of sewing abilities you could repair that by yourself. Carefully detach the old cover piece by piece. Utilize the pieces as patterns to reduce new pieces from newly purchased product. learn more with each other and you have a brand new look!
To enhance your kitchen's worth without investing a lot of loan, include a brand-new backsplash. Backsplashes are very wanted by buyers, and can make your kitchen area look even more put together. To save loan, utilize a product like tin ceramic tile or stainless-steel in place of expensive ceramic floor tile. Be sure to choose something that compliments your kitchen's color scheme.
Before making a significant investment in landscaping products and plants, consult your neighborhood yard center. Most lawn and yard companies are greater than willing to go over initial landscape layout as well as method for little to no charge. This guarantees that you choose plants that are compatible with your upkeep expectations, dirt type, and also quantity of sunlight and also shade.
Do some web research to find out if common products coincide quality as name brand names. In some cases name brand products correspond generics that are available under one more name. No matter what materials you choose to go with, make certain that the specialist installs specifically just what you requested.
Take notice of just how the sun hits your house and also what does it cost? sun it obtains when selecting paint shades for the exterior. Check out paint examples at various times of day to see just how they might search in various amounts of light. Do not forget to evaluate your trim and accent colors in the sunlight also.
Finishing residence renovation jobs is a fantastic method to enhance your house's worth as well as boost the power performance of it as well. In this short article we have actually gone over a few of the top home renovation jobs that you must begin tackling today. We have actually likewise consisted of some valuable ideas to aid you in doing so. Get started today, as well as you make certain to see the benefits quickly.
Hwang Dyer House renovation tasks can do a lot more than make your home more eye-catching. They could increase the value of your investment, make your residence much more energy-efficient, as well as improve the
new even jobs house pieces go utilize choose piece actually name one well residence cover over renovation make today each home aid brand kitchen materials trees yard product products more
The Bulldogs led from start to finish in their Howe Division meeting with the Hornets Tuesday and took the high-scoring affair, 9-6, at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Chris Theriault netted a match-high four goals for the Bulldogs. Kyle Christi had a goal and three assists, Ethan Higbee and Chris Martinez each had a goal and two assists, Max McDaniel had a goal and assist, Shane Williams scored once and Zack McDaniel had an assist. Emmett Jaeger had 24 saves.
Who Cares jumped out to a two-goal lead through two quarters of play in their Howe Division match Tuesday against the Bulldogs, then held on for a 2-1 victory at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Goals by Jake Beardshear off an assist from Lawrence Benavente and by Derek Slayton in the second quarter gave Who Cares a 2-0 lead. The Bulldogs drew to within 2-1 in the third quarter, when Trevor Brenden set up a goal by Chris Martinez but could get no closer. Jessica Baltazar had 20 saves for Who Cares, and Dylan Moan had 32 for the Bulldogs.
The Bulldogs continued Friday to take the bite out of their Norris Division competition, beating the Jets, 5-3, at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. In picking up their third consecutive victory and improving their division-leading record to 7-2, the Bulldogs were led by Jeff Fuzzard, who scored twice with an assist. Single goals also went out to Luke Hamigawa, Blake Jirges, and Bobby Sowma, and Jarrett Powers picked up a pair of assists.
Home sweet home. Six years since playing an on-campus match, the Burbank High girls' tennis team met visiting Flintridge Prep on Thursday in the season opener for both teams. The Bulldogs christened their new courts -- which sits atop the school's parking lot -- with a 12-6 victory. "It's still weird to be here and not at the [Burbank] tennis courts," Bulldog Coach Paul McNiff said. The Bulldogs were set on cruise control midway through the match, as they built an 8-1 lead.
The Bulldogs used a goal by Trevor Brenden to break a tie and defeat the Hawks, 4-3, in a Howe Division match Tuesday at the Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center. The goal was the third of the match for Brenden. Chris Theriault also scored, and assists went to Brandon Pepper, Matthew Bozanich and Sydney Russakov. Jessica Baltazar had 34 saves. Evan Hess scored twice, and Manny Banuelos once for the Hawks. Steven Landis had three assists, one shared with Jake Rennison. Brad Giczewski had 25 saves.
The Bulldogs maintained their narrow lead in the Norris Division standings Friday by doubling up on the Earthquakes by an 8-4 score at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Jeff Fuzzard scored three goals to lead all scorers, and the Bulldogs gained their third victory in succession in improving their record to 7-2. Jarrett Powers also had a big game with two goals and two assists, Luke Hamagiwa netted a pair of goals and an assist, Hunter Nelson scored once, and Blake Jirges had an assist to complete the Bulldogs scoring.
Garrick Langer scored his team's first three goals and went on to post a game-best four goals overall Friday to lead the Sharks in a 6-3 victory over the Fire in an Adams Division opener played at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Tied 1-1 through the first period of play, Langer scored twice and Joshua Ane scored once as the Sharks took a 4-2 lead into the final quarter. Jimmy Rodriguez also scored for the Sharks, and goalie Travis Beckman had 15 saves.
With the vibrations from the stomping of feet in the bleachers inside the two-year-old Burbank High gymnasium, Wayne Teng fed off the noise from the crowd. The Bulldog girls' volleyball coach showed plenty of emotion on his team's bench. It didn't matter if his emotion flowed during a timeout or following a key defensive play. Playing cross-town rival Burroughs also fanned Teng's emotions. Lauren Rowsey finished with 19 kills to power host Burbank to a 25-15, 26-28, 25-12, 25-20 Foothill League victory against rival Burroughs on Tuesday night.
The Meatballs scored the final four goals of their Howe Division match against the Kings, including the game-winner from Daniel Burkhardt in an overtime shootout, to pull out an 8-7 victory at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. It was the only goal scored by Burkhardt, who led the Meatballs with two assists. Travis Hunter, Kristian Burkhardt and Ethan Higbee led the Meatballs in scoring with two goals apiece. Austin Arcala scored once with an assist and Drew Sorbom and Ethan Loy each had an assist.
Kowalski nets four goals in 7-0 win in Campbell Division action.The Breakers broke away from a scoreless first quarter in their Campbell Division match with the Blackhawks by scoring seven consecutive goals to record a 7-0 victory at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Kyle Kowalski started and ended the scoring spree by posting consecutive goals in the second and third periods. Goals were scored in between by Aaron Maccabi, Ian Gibbons and Alexander Taros. Taros and Gibbons each had two assists, and Aaron Cree had one assist.
Alabama Street and Joliet Avenue: A man reportedly kicked his bulldog multiple times and threw the animal against a wall at 1:13 p.m. Monday. AREA 1 Carousel Lane: Fireworks were reported in the 16600 block at 12:05 a.m. Saturday. Edinger Avenue: Two restaurants reportedly had their front glass doors smashed, with the cash drawers ransacked, in the 5900 block at 7:42 a.m. Sunday. Neely Circle: A residential burglary was reported in the 4800 block at 6:14 p.m. Saturday.
The Mighty Pucks scored six goals over the first two periods and went on to polish off the Sharks, 7-0, in Adams Division play Friday at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Leon Sandeberg and Nicholas Upstill each scored two goals to pace the Mighty Pucks on offense. Single goals went to AJ Gatto, Jeremy Lee and Christina Kao while Jenna Gatto had an assist. Dillon Makoff had eight saves as the Mighty Pucks defense recorded the shutout. Adam Lang had 18 saves for the Sharks.
The Hawks broke open a scoreless Howe Division match with the Bulldogs by scoring four goals in the second period and continued to blister the net in a 7-1 victory at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. Evan Hess led the scoring attack with three goals. Dylan Rodriguez scored twice and Manny Banuelos and Steven Landis each scored once. Jake Rennison picked up a pair of assists and Brad Giszewski had 12 saves. In other Howe Division action: TnT 2, Who Cares 1 Johnny Richardson scored in a shootout session, as TnT survived Who Cares.
Jonathan Pichedwatana scored off an assist from Alexander Gomez in the third period to break a tie and send the Monstars to a 4-3 victory over the Bulldogs at Coast 2 Coast Inline Hockey Center in Huntington Beach. It was the second consecutive goal scored by Pichedwatana, who tied the Bulldogs' David Wellander for scoring honors as each finished with two goals in the Norris Division match. Nikolas St. Onge and Justin Pichedwatana also scored for the Monstars, and Jake Grothjan finished with 30 saves.
Kathy Courtney of Laguna Niguel opined that El Toro is a "done deal" and that we should "move on." However, I have the feeling that had Measure W lost, she would be carping for even yet another vote. In fact, that's been happening over the past eight years. After four tries, El Toro opponents finally were able to simultaneously pass an initiative and have one court uphold it. Now they want to silence dissenting opinions. Maybe El Toro is indeed a "done deal."
Eron Ben-Yehuda HUNTINGTON BEACH -- The El Toro airport debate may be raging in South County, but its not flying here, as only two residents showed up Tuesday for a meeting at City Hall on what many consider to be the most pressing land use issue in Orange County. Locals should be concerned about the fate of the former Marine base, said Peggy Ducey, executive director of the Orange County Regional Airport Authority, which sponsored the meeting, because building an international airport will have a "ripple effect" throughout the county.
HUNTINGTON BEACH — Huntington Beach, as expected, took care of business Friday night. Now, the Oilers can turn their full attention to El Toro. Huntington set up an early-season showdown in the chase for first place in the Sea View League Friday by defeating visiting Woodbridge. The Oilers used a big second half to pull away from the Warriors to win for the fourth time in as many league starts, 62-48. The victory put Huntington at 17-3 overall and sends the Oilers onward to a Wednesday game against defending league champ El Toro.
The Sea View League boys? basketball race will be decided tonight. The Huntington Beach Oilers made certain that the title chase would go to the end of the regular season by scoring a thrilling, 67-65 overtime victory over visiting El Toro before a full house at Huntington. The win moved the Oilers to 7-2 in league and pulled them to within a game of league-leading El Toro, which suffered its first league loss in falling to 8-1. A win by the Chargers would have allowed them to repeat as league champion.
Huntington Beach coach Eric Lo said during preseason camp that the first three games of the season would tell him a lot about his 2011 football team. Games against El Toro, Corona del Mar and Foothill, two of whom were the Oilers' rivals when they belonged to the Sea View League two years ago, figured to test Huntington right out of the gate. Lo did learn something Friday at Cap Sheue Field: his team can win the close one. Huntington never trailed against El Toro but the Oilers had to withstand a barrage of passes - 55 of them - from Chargers quarterback Conner Manning, and a late comeback attempt, to post a 23-21 season-opening victory.
The 2012 high school football season gets underway this week for four local schools: Huntington Beach, Fountain Valley, Marina and Brethren Christian. Three of those schools - Fountain Valley, Marina, Brethren Christian - open their campaigns with home games. Huntington, Fountain Valley, Marina, and the rest of the Pac-5 Division teams move from the CIF Southern Section Pac-5 Division to the Southwest Division this year. Below is a brief capsule look at this week's openers. * Thursday Huntington Beach vs. El Toro, 7 p.m., Trabuco Hills High: A young Huntington Beach team starts its season in south Orange County against a seasoned El Toro squad that has several big-time players returning from a 2011 team that set several school records.
Huntington Beach Coach Eric Lo said during the preseason that the first three games of the season would tell him a lot about his 2011 football team. Games against El Toro, Corona del Mar and Foothill, two of whom were rivals when the Oilers belonged to the Sea View League, figured to test Huntington right out of the gate. Lo did learn something last Friday at Cap Sheue Field: his team can win the close one. Huntington never trailed against El Toro, but the Oilers had to withstand a barrage of passes - 55 of them from Chargers quarterback Conner Manning - and a late comeback attempt to post a 23-21 season-opening victory.
Four members of the Huntington Beach High boys’ basketball team recently were named to the 2008 All-Sea View League boys’ basketball team, Coach Fabian Luna announced. The all-league team was selected by the head coach at each of the league’s six schools. Seniors Nick Becker and Trevor Carroll, and junior Zach Kimber made the first team. Nick Neser, a junior, was a second-team selection. During the 2007-08 season, Becker, who became the school’s all-time leading scorer, averaged 20 points per game and was the league’s leading scorer.
Fountain Valley High's opening performance Monday at its own Hoop Challenge girls' basketball tournament was a balancing act, and the end result produced a 73-43 victory over visiting El Toro. Sophomore post Mikaila Pacis finished with 11 points, eight rebounds and two steals, junior guards Michelle Wu and Ari Jacobsen each had 12 points and two steals, senior guard Amy Yoshinaga eight points and three steals, junior guard Ashley Masuda eight points, three assists and two steals, senior post Emily Krause seven points and five rebounds, and freshman guard Andie Kristinant was three of five from three-point range and scored nine points.
Senior forward Marisa Teng scored 16 points Tuesday for Fountain Valley, but the Barons were edged by host El Toro, 55-51, in nonleague girls' basketball action. Teng connected on five three-pointers for the Barons, who took a one-point lead (42-41) into the fourth quarter. Senior guard Jasmine Matar and junior forward Emily Krause both scored eight points for the Barons. In previous play, Fountain Valley went 2-2 at the Segerstrom Tournament and finished in ninth place. The Barons started the tournament with consecutive losses to Woodbridge (64-28)
The Edison High football program once again starts its summer season at the 2012 Nike Air Strike passing tournament at Dana Hills High. The Chargers are one of 12 teams in the single-day event Saturday. The teams will be split into four pools. Pool A: Chaminade, Dana Hills, Oaks Christian, Tesoro; Pool B: Alemany, Mater Dei, Mission Viejo, Upland; Pool C: Capistrano Valley, Long Beach Poly, Narbonne, San Clemente: Pool D: Edison, El Toro, Loyola, Santa Margarita. Edison opens pool play at 9 a.m. against El Toro, then has games against Santa Margarita (10:30 a.m.)
ANAHEIM - The Huntington Beach High girls' basketball team had nearly enough firepower in its arsenal to knock off another giant. Three days after taking down second-ranked El Toro, third-ranked Huntington Beach gave top-ranked Summit all it could handle in Friday's CIF Southern Section Division 1A championship game at Anaheim Arena. The SkyHawks scored the final five points of the game to pull out a 56-51 victory to give the school its first Southern Section title in girls' basketball.
HUNINGTON BEACH - At about the midway point of the third quarter of Tuesday's CIF Southern Section Division 1A boys' basketball game between Huntington Beach and El Toro, it appeared that Huntington was about to make a game-changing move on the visiting Chargers. Trailing throughout the second-round contest, the Oilers, who had been outmaneuvered and outgunned for much of the night, got to within nine points of the El Toro lead. It was then, though, that the lights were turned out for good by the Chargers.
Just four games in, and the Sunset League baseball race is full of suspense. Marina High Coach Paul Renfrow might be the least surprised. “This is my 27th year, and nobody’s ever won the league undefeated,” he said. The same will be true this year, although Edison (3-1 in league) does have a showdown at Newport Harbor (also 3-1) at 3 p.m. today. The winner will take outright possession of first place in league — but there’s still a long way to go. Edison 5, Fountain Valley 1: The Chargers rebounded from a loss to Esperanza on Friday, topping their rivals Tuesday at Edison.
"I think Derek thinks the turtles are real," Rholan Wong admitted. "We'll be driving down the street, and he'll see a manhole cover and want to go down (into the sewer) with the Turtles." Added Bob Clark, another parent of a 3-year-old Turtle fan: "Sean does the same thing."
"At 3," Lieberman said, "some kids are still struggling with (the separation of) fantasy and reality. These turtles are interacting with live people. How are kids supposed to understand the (difference between the) costumed and the real people? In the movie, they have adults going down into the manhole. How is a 3-year-old supposed to know this is a joke?"
Teigiser doesn't see a problem. "The Turtles are very tongue-in-cheek," she said. "They spoof the super heroes. They fight for truth, justice and a larger slice of pizza. There's a strong element of humor that appeals to kids. They pick up on it immediately."
To stem possible confusion and to quell aggression, perhaps a policy of moderation is best, suggested Irene Goldenberg, a UCLA family psychologist.
"Certainly, I think a child should not play with any single toy constantly," she said. "It's not creative. But as long as kids are playing with Turtles in an interactive way along with other kids, I don't think they are much different than the toy soldiers of a different age. Every toy seems to be offensive to some group. The Barbie doll, for instance, is offensive to some feminists."
Goldenberg's suggestion seems to be working at the Teddy Bear Preschool in Burbank, where children occasionally are allowed to play with Turtles. "We considered a Ninja Turtle ban," said Nan Orlandi, the school's director. "We did notice our kids' behavior getting more aggressive (after Turtles became popular). They were trying to kick and hit."
After much discussion with parents and children, Orlandi struck a compromise: "Children can only bring Ninja toys on 'share' days, two days a week. We tell them to keep the Ninja weapons at home. And we don't allow Ninja Turtle movies. Some parents said they don't want their kids to see them."
A policy of moderation is also in effect at the YWCA in Glendale, said Mallory Fessler, director of child care for the 100 summer camp children and 18 preschoolers there. Kids are not prohibited from wearing Turtle gear, but neither are they encouraged to take part in Turtle play. "We usually discourage them from playing Ninja Turtles," Fessler said. "There's no creativity."
Rationing Turtle play makes sense to Judy Hall, an Anaheim marriage and family therapist. "Parents have to take responsibility for providing balanced input," she said. "Kids need a variety of toys. Be alert for the impact of toys on behavior."
What's appealing about the Turtles, she said, is the element of rebellion, the fantasy and all the action. And toddlers tend to look up to the Turtles, some parents observe, simply because they are teen-agers.
On the plus side, some parents say there are educational benefits to Turtle play. Each Turtle wears a different color face mask, and some children learn colors from Turtle-watching, parents say.
Personal hygiene, often not a priority for toddlers, can improve, Rholan Wong found. "Derek never wanted to take a shower until he saw Raphael taking one," he said. "Now if we could only find a photo of a Turtle brushing his teeth."
Did Louganis Act Properly? : Diving: Some wonder whether he should have revealed he was HIV-positive during '88 Games.
In her first short-story collection, the author reckons with the Nevada of her youth and the memory of a long-lost father, a Manson family member.
Claire Vaye Watkins tried to live in Los Angeles, but she couldn't stay. Her father haunts the city too much, says the author of the debut short-story collection "Battleborn" — as do the actions of his former friends.
Paul Watkins was a member of the Manson family, a charmer who recruited girls into the group. The notorious murders took place when Watkins was away in the desert, and he later testified against Manson.
Watkins died of cancer when Claire was 6, leaving her the private legacy of an absent father and a public one connected to the Manson case. In "Battleborn's" first story, "Ghosts, Cowboys," she folds her real-life history into something surreal and clearly metaphorical while also, she says, "getting the Manson thing out of the way."
Now in her late 20s, Claire is an assistant professor of English at Bucknell University in Pennsylvania. She describes her childhood as alternately poor and working class. The first university graduate in her family, she says, "I didn't understand that you had to pay for college. I thought you got a bill at the end, like when you go to a restaurant."
She went on to get an MFA in creative writing from Ohio State University. It was in the green hills of Ohio that Watkins began conjuring the arid West of her childhood for these stories. She had grown up with her parents in the tiny California town of Tecopa, in the Mojave; after her father died, her mother remarried, moving the family to Nevada. That state's unofficial nickname, which comes from its incorporation during the Civil War, gives "Battleborn" its title.
The stories are set in Nevada: in an apartment in Reno, the tourist town Virginia City, the Las Vegas strip, the Cherry Patch Ranch brothel in Pahrump. These are places often seen by people passing through, but Watkins tells the tales from the locals' points of view.
There are intimacies and secrets, betraying friends, fierce women, failed love affairs, a dangerous brother, a ghost, a beloved baby, an old man, alone. "Out here a person could get turned around and lose his own trail," she writes in the story "Man-O-War," "each stretch of nothing looking like the next, east looking like south looking like west, not knowing where he came on the lake bed, and not knowing how to get home."
As grounded as they are in real places, the stories are fictions, crafted with the skill of an artisan, working from the starting points of Mary Gaitskill and Aimee Bender. Watkins is uninterested in memoir, to the point of being averse to it.
"There seems to be this onus on the genre of memoir to explain," she says. "It's essentially an art form that says why are you who you are. I don't think we can do that in an honest way."
Take for example her father's 1979 memoir, "My Life with Charles Manson" — now a collector's item that sells for $90 and up. She points to the cover, which proclaims, 'It Can Be Explained; I Can Explain It.'"
That's simply too reductive for her. "In fact the whole mystifying, frightening thing about the Manson family is it really can't be explained," she says. "No one reason is good enough."
And yet that book provided an unexpected comfort to her. Claire was 19 when she read it, the same age her father was in 1969.
"I felt like it finally let me know something about him that I couldn't know any other way. That he was, like all of us, a deeply flawed person," she says. "Reading about an orgy at Dennis Wilson's house, it made him three-dimensional for me."
In the book, her father describes many sex scenes, including explicit details about his physical interactions with Manson himself. "On some level, I was like, ew, gross." But because he'd died when Claire was so young, she says she was grateful "to be let in a little bit on the specificity."
Shortly before she started graduate school, Watkins' mother committed suicide, and the sense of loss is palpable in some of her stories.
"I think I'd started to think of myself as inured to grief, that it was always a part of me," Watkins says. "My mom's death really made obvious how ridiculous that idea is. "
She is resolute in believing that a kind of openness and vulnerability is essential to being a writer. Here, Watkins' strong voice grows quiet. "That you would ever be prepared to lose someone. That you ever get better from it? I don't find that you really do."
Daniel Gibson turned the rookie game into a warmup for the 3-point shooting contest. Gibson made a record 11 3-pointers, many coming right in front of Cleveland teammate LeBron James, and scored 33 points to lead the NBA's sophomores stars to a 136-109 victory over the top rookies on Friday night of all-star weekend. Gibson will compete in the 3-point shootout today and will be hard to beat if he shoots the way he did against the defenseless rookies. He finished three points shy of the game record, set by Amare Stoudemire in 2004.
Orlando still feels like home to J.J. Redick . It sure felt that way Wednesday night as Redick's new team, the Los Angeles Clippers, faced Redick's first team, the Orlando Magic, at Amway Center. The crowd gave Redick a loud ovation when public-address announcer Paul Porter introduced him as a Clippers starter. "I feel very proud to have played in Orlando for as many years as I did and to have played on some of the teams that I did," Redick said. "I have just great memories of this place.
SALT LAKE CITY -- Finally, the speculation, the rumors, the innuendos had gotten to him. Embattled Magic Coach Doc Rivers criticized the franchise's treatment of him Monday, hours before what could be his final game as the club's coach. The Magic endured their 10th consecutive defeat with a 90-88 loss to the Utah Jazz. Another loss fed speculation that Rivers would not be aboard the team plane today, bound for Phoenix, where the Magic will play the Suns on Thursday. "If we're going to get into this, `If you win, you stay; if you lose, you go,' then they can do what they want," Rivers told the Sentinel after the Magic's shootaround before facing the Jazz on Monday night at the Delta Center.
Former Winter Park basketball center Adam Jones is only halfway through his college playing career, but he's already one season into what he wants for an occupation. Jones was taken in by the family of Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers five years ago, and he, too, has adopted coaching as his passion. "I love to play, but I actually love coaching even more," Jones said Wednesday after directing Orlando's Team M.o.a.M. in a 70-44 romp past an international team, Euro Elite Ballers, in its opening pool-play game of the AAU 11th Grade National Championship at Disney's ESPN Wide World of Sports.
Behind the smiley face and chummy disposition, a man was stealing company secrets. He knew exactly what he wanted: Knowledge, insight and wisdom to help him become a successful NBA coach. So he enlisted some unsuspecting accomplices, 29 to be precise, and took meticulous notes along the way. The notebook grew thicker every day as Doc Rivers accumulated a hope chest of dreams that would be fulfilled when he became coach of the Orlando Magic on June 7, 1999. "You get that hour sitting in the back with the coach just talking basketball," Rivers says of his pregame preparation for his work as a studio analyst on Turner Network Television.
TAMPA -- It just wasn't worth the risk. Magic Coach Doc Rivers, with two key players already hurt back home, pulled his regulars off a slippery court Sunday and never let them return, just thankful to be going home as healthy as they arrived. The Magic never led, and he didn't mind one bit. The Los Angeles Clippers beat the Magic 105-97, but the outcome was inconsequential even by exhibition-game standards after both coaches questioned whether the game should even continue. "I almost broke my neck out there," said Magic center Patrick Ewing.
JACKSONVILLE -- It's over. The Orlando Magic went home Sunday, and they did not stop for X-rays on the way. For six days, the Magic enjoyed a training camp of good focus and intensity at the University of North Florida. No one was hurt. The players embraced defensive concepts. A combination of these things has Coach Doc Rivers believing that there is promise for this season. "Having a great training camp doesn't mean that you're going to have a great season, but this is absolutely the best training camp we've had since I've been here," Rivers said.
Orlando Magic Coach Doc Rivers didn't make a T-Mac guarantee, but he didn't believe he'd be at RDV Sportsplex on Wednesday morning, either, explaining away another first-round playoff failure. He thought he would still be leading his team to a deciding Game 5 Friday night against the Hornets in Charlotte. But reality -- and the Hornets -- kept Rivers tossing and turning after Tuesday night's 102-85 loss that ended the Magic's season. "I didn't sleep. You lay around, trying to figure out what happened and why . . . but I thought that team [Charlotte]
OAKLAND, Calif. -- No sequence better illustrated the positive results the Orlando Magic can enjoy on offense than during a possession late in the third quarter against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday night. That possession culminated with a 3-pointer by Mike Miller, but those three points were made possible by a chain of events triggered by a double-team of Tracy McGrady. McGrady was double-teamed in the left corner. He began a sequence of four passes that put the ball in Miller's hands on the opposite side of the court.
This is like losing your wallet, or the key to your car, at the first roadside rest stop on a cross-country trip. Life will be miserable until it is found. The Orlando Magic have lost their collective shooting stroke, leaving them vulnerable to a disastrous start in this 15th anniversary season, exposing every other weakness they have. "I've never shot so poorly in my life," said Magic leading scorer Tracy McGrady. "It's embarrassing." The Magic (1-3) have lost three consecutive games, dropping quickly toward the bottom of the Atlantic Division, shooting at baskets like they are bumpkins shooting for stuffed animals at the county fair.
Don't do it, Doc. Don't be like Urban Meyer. Don't bail out on the Boston Celtics like Meyer bailed out on the Florida Gators. And right now, Doc, that sure is what it looks like from the outside looking in. Sadly, it appears Doc Rivers wants out of Boston now that the organization's "Big Three" have aged and splintered, and the championship window is slammed shut. Sort of like how Meyer wanted out of UF after Tim Tebow left and the Gators were relegated to the status of Nick Saban's favorite foot-wipe.
MIAMI - The hottest coaching commodity in the NBA isn't even on the market. Yet. The hottest coaching commodity has a job. The question is whether or not he wants to keep it. Doc Rivers broke his silence on the matter Wednesday night. "I'm leaning heavily toward coming back," the Celtics coach said after his season ended with a 97-87 loss to the Heat in Game 5 Wednesday night. "I made up my mind the last couple of weeks. I'm a Celtic. I'm competitive, as well. I love our guys.
Doc Rivers said one of the basketball conversations he cherishes most tipped off with a two-word question from a baggage handler at a Sacramento airport last month. "How's Austin," the man asked when he spotted the Boston Celtics coach arriving for a game. Very well, thank you. As the consensus No. 1 high school basketball player in the nation, very well. "I loved it," a proud father said on Wednesday. "We all want to be parents of our children. That's what I want to be. " Doc was a beaming father, not a former NBA all-star and widely recognized pro coach, Wednesday as he watched Austin receive the McDonald's All American Morgan Wootten Player of the Year Award at a Chicago press conference.
BOSTON — Another man would be relishing and revelling in the demoralizing, destructive beating his team is administering to the franchise that once fired him. Another man might have the urge to brag and say, "I told you so." Another man — a lesser man — would vindictively and vociferously be getting the last laugh. Doc Rivers is too classy for such nonsense. In fact, the present coach of the Celtics and the former coach of the Magic can feel your pain, Orlando.
After defeating the top-seeded Cleveland Cavaliers in the second round, Doc Rivers doesn't expect a letdown from his Boston Celtics in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals this afternoon at Amway Arena. "Not for us," Rivers said moments ago during his pregame press conference. "Our goal was not to beat Cleveland this year. Our goal was to try to get to the [NBA] Finals, and we believed from Day One -- we stated it from Day One -- that the team that you have to beat to get to the Finals is Orlando."
ATLANTA -- Magic Coach Doc Rivers looked like a mad scientist Wednesday night, concocting strange-mix lineups that could have exploded at any moment. Get used to seeing it. That's what versatility brings. A 101-93 NBA exhibition victory against the Atlanta Hawks looked like a good time to experiment, so Rivers did. Point guard Darrell Armstrong was replaced by center John Amaechi late in the first half. Armstrong was replaced by power forward Pat Garrity early in the second half. The Magic played a five-forward lineup once, and they played an all-shooter lineup another time.
Grant Hill and Coach Doc Rivers are about to butt heads again, giving vastly different opinions Thursday on when the All-Star forward will be making his debut in a Magic uniform. Hill, who is coming back from surgery on his left ankle, scrimmaged for the first time in eight days Thursday and said he likely would be playing Saturday at the TD Waterhouse Centre when the Magic face his former team, the Detroit Pistons. Rivers said it is unlikely Hill will play in a game anytime soon. They were standing 10 feet apart, talking at almost the same time.
Boston Celtics Coach Doc Rivers, tongue firmly in cheek, said he finally feels like he can go out in public in sports-crazy New England. The Patriots and Red Sox have won championships in recent years while the Celts have foundered until this season. They entered Sunday's game against the Magic with the NBA's best record at 20-3. "I can get out of my car and use the self-serve pump at the gas station now," said Rivers, the former Magic coach in his fourth season in Boston. "Before, I had to have it pumped for me because I was afraid of somebody shooting me."
Celtics Coach Doc Rivers left the team before Boston's game Sunday against the Raptors after his father died in Chicago. The Celtics said Rivers left Toronto on Sunday morning. Grady Alexander Rivers Sr. was 76. There was no immediate word on the cause of death and funeral arrangements have yet to be announced. Assistants Tom Thibodeau and Armond Hill handled the coaching duties in Rivers' absence. A 13-year NBA veteran, Rivers became the 16th coach in Celtics history on April 29, 2004, and won NBA Coach of the Year honors as Boston went 45-37 and won the Atlantic Division title in his debut season.
Banks are adjusting well to revised regulations designed to encourage development in low- and moderate-income communities, federal regulators said last week in Orlando.The Community Reinvestment Act was overhauled last year by Congress, and one result is a faster review process, said James Pilkington, community affairs officer for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.'s Atlanta regional headquarters.''We are spending less time in the banks,'' Pilkington said. ''The bankers are happier about that.
An earlier version of this article misidentified letter writer Jon Lee. Democrats at the helm A contributor to the 30 word rant recently wrote: "Republicans don't know anything about running an economy. " Oh, and the Democrats do? The Community Reinvestment Act was passed by Congress and signed into law by Jimmy Carter in 1977. Last time I looked, Carter was a Democrat and as result of his policies, we had double digit inflation, interest rates and unemployment. It took Ronald Reagan two years to reverse enough of Carter's policies so that the economy could recover.
THE HOUSE Banking Committee voted Thursday to reinstate the law protecting poor neighborhoods from discrimination by banks. The vote reverses a decision by a subcommittee on financial institutions, which last month decided to exempt 80 percent of the nation's banks from the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act. Consumer groups and organizations representing poor people had reacted with outrage to the subcommittee vote.
Barack Obama said recently that massive government spending is the only solution to the financial problem. Ridiculous. Government policies and spending caused this problem. Jimmy Carter started it with the Community Reinvestment Act in 1977. It compels banks to make loans to low-income borrowers. Bill Clinton and a Democrat Congress liberalized the act even further in the early '90s to vastly expand the amount of money that could be loaned. Clinton caused seriously deficient debt to be deceptively packaged into securities that gave them a legitimacy they didn't deserve.
The Senate on Thursday passed sweeping legislation that would lift Depression-era barriers and let banks, securities firms and insurance companies get more deeply into one another's businesses. The bill faces a likely presidential veto. The Clinton administration supports such legislation in principle. But in a showdown with the Senate Banking Committee, it has threatened a presidential veto of the bill unless there are changes. They include the removal of provisions that Democrats view as an attack on the 1977 Community Reinvestment Act. An amendment to the legislation would make it a federal crime for people to misrepresent themselves to obtain someone's private financial data.
PROTEST. In what protesters say is likely to become a regular occurrence, four community groups have filed complaints with the Federal Reserve Board, seeking to block the proposed merger of The Citizens and Southern Corp. of Atlanta with Sovran Financial Corp. of Norfolk, Va. The groups allege the two banks do not properly serve low-income neighborhoods, which would be a violation of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977. C&S has substantial operations in Central Florida.Three complaints were filed by Atlanta-based groups, the Atlanta Legal Aid Society Inc., the Georgia Housing Coalition and Interfaith Inc. The fourth was filed by Concerned Citizens For Justice, of Chattanooga, Tenn.
TRUCE? There are rumblings of a possible settlement between First Union Corp. of Charlotte, N.C., and a coalition of four Florida legal-service agencies, including the Rural Law Center of Apopka, which has challenged the bank's proposed purchase of Florida National Banks of Jacksonville.The challenge, filed with the Federal Reserve Board this summer, alleges that First Union discriminated against minorities and low-income individuals across Florida. An unrelated charge by the Charlotte Reinvestment Alliance, an activist group in Charlotte, was dropped last month after First Union agreed to provide as much as $9 million in financing to low-income housing projects in that city.
I read with great dismay about the attempt by U.S. Rep. Bill McCollum, R-Longwood, to eliminate the need for banks to comply with the Community Reinvestment Act.I am a former director of Housing Opportunities Made Equal of Greater Cincinnati. HOME filed the first lawsuit against ``redlining'' - Laufman vs. Oakley Building & Loan. That suit, decided by the U.S. Supreme Court, was the first to hold that the banking practice of redlining was illegal. I aided in the gathering of the evidence, and I know that banks did not voluntarily comply with anti-redlining requirements before being required to do so.Once that suit was won, the Center for Community Change in Washington, D.C., began compiling evidence from areas throughout the country to provide backup for then-Sen.
Orlando's banking community is a key player in any housing solution.The good news is that bankers appear eager to help. They recently met with members of the Orange County Housing Finance Authority to discuss what needs to be done. The authority, which issues bonds to help build homes and apartments for low- and moderate-income families, has plenty of ideas.One solution? Banks can form a consortium. Each bank could contribute, say, $4 million a year to a pool for housing loans.The authority could then handle the paperwork to help non-profit groups and developers get loans.
If you're a first-time home buyer, a minority-group member or a tenant searching for affordable housing, you've probably never heard of Banyan Bank or the federal Community Reinvestment Act.But thanks to federal regulators' actions, banks and S&Ls are likely to be more receptive than ever before to your housing finance needs.Banyan Bank of Boca Raton became the first lending institution in the nation to have its Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) rating by federal banking authorities revealed to the public.
Legal Services lawyers from Orange, Brevard and two other counties have accused Landmark Banking Corp. of Florida of discriminating against black neighborhoods and asked federal bank regulators to block its merger with a Georgia company.Charging that Landmark's lending practices violate a 1977 federal law, the complaint asks the Federal Reserve Board to deny its request to merge with Georgia's biggest bank holding company, Citizens and Southern Georgia Corp., unless Landmark changes its policies.
Florida lawmakers are expected to take time out from a special session on workers' compensation today to express their support for U.S. troops fighting the war in the Persian Gulf.They also are expected to pass a law authorizing cities, counties and the state to supplement the pay of employees who have been called to active duty in the armed forces.The purpose of the six-hour special session is to fix 1990 workers' compensation reforms that a court has declared unconstitutional, but just as the war has intruded in the lives of all Americans, so too will it intrude in legislative business.
The american psychological association or the apa style is the formatting guide that is used when writing a paper on the social sciences as with all documenting styles, the apa has recommendations on essay format, headings and citing references. Perrla for apa will help you perfectly format your entire paper - from your title page to references it can even create annotated bibliographies, tables of contents, abstracts, and more with ease for the mac version of word 2016, perrla runs side-by-side with word. Apa styles writing a research or term paper in apa format this starter template provides easy access to styles that match apa guidelines this is an accessible template. Tips for writing a research paper in apa format: basics: a research paper (especially one that requires apa style) is different than a term paper, a creative writing paper, a composition-style paper, or a thought paper.
Apa format for dummies: structure and examples you may probably know that the structure of some academic papers depends on both formatting and type of paper an essay is the simplest project which only has three standard sections: introduction, body paragraphs, and conclusion. The basics of apa style: tutorial free | this free tutorial is designed for those who have no previous knowledge of apa styleit shows users how to structure and format their work, recommends ways to reduce bias in language, identifies how to avoid charges of plagiarism, shows how to cite references in text, and provides selected reference examples. Not knowing how to write a term paper in apa format acts as a great hindrance to inexperienced writers, and it is wise to seek writing guidance or help if stuck everything to know on how to write a term paper in apa format. An apa format title page should include the title of your paper, your name, and the school, college or university where you study the page header should be inserted flush left while the page numbering should be flush right and at the top of the page.
Writing a research paper in apa format the publication manual of the american psychological association, which is the organization`s reference guide, contains recommendations on the formalization of papers, as well as on the documentation of citations, footnotes, tables, fonts and the structure of the research. Writing an apa outline format having a good outline has more chances of you presenting a well-written research paper or essay making an apa outline is the first thing to do in creating a structure on what will be written in the paper and how it is written. Writing an outline in apa format is quite different from other formats such as mla, harvard, etc apa stands for american psychological association and the apa writing style has been designed by the association.
The purdue university online writing lab serves writers from around the world and the purdue university writing lab helps writers on purdue's campus. Apa essay checklist for students the american psychological association (apa) is one of the largest scientific and professional associations in the united states, and it has created a set of citation rules and formatting guidelines for scholarly writing to ensure a professional standard of academic integrity. Writing an empirical paper in apa style assignments, but most require students to at least cite references in apa format additional guidelines on using track as you write your paper and will convey a good first impression to your readers.
Apa formatting is used for writing papers in the sciences and social sciences, while mla formatting is intended more commonly for papers written in the humanities/liberal arts areas as for the formatting itself, mla formatted papers don't have a title page or abstract while apa papers do. Sample apa paper (6th ed) per the publication manual of the american psychological association (apa) (6th edition), handout on apa heading levels (available on the writing center website) if employing more than one level do not capitalize articles (a, an, the) in headings unless they begin a title or. Apa style refers to the writing guidelines set forth by the american psychological association like other style manuals, apa outlines the format for which someone is to write a professional paper and cite resources.
Edit article how to use apa formatting for academic papers two methods: dividing the paper writing citations community q&a when writing an academic paper, your professor or school will require you to follow a particular style guide. Assume you are writing the paper for submission to a scientific journal a lot of the formatting details can be learned by carefully modeling another apa journal article it would be a good idea to acquire a few fairly recent articles, because the format was revised in 1995. The american psychological association or apa writing format is one of the most widely used formats in writing academic papers, particularly in the field of science this article is a part of the guide. Writing an essay and formatting it to match apa style is the most frequent question students ask us unlike the mla formatting, apa is used in social & natural sciences naturally, a formatting style will inevitably differ from mla.
This tutorial is designed for those who have no previous knowledge of apa style ®it shows users how to structure and format their work, recommends ways to reduce bias in language, identifies how to avoid charges of plagiarism, shows how to cite references in text, and provides selected reference examples.
Write your best papers today with perrla perrla does all the formatting for you spend your time writing your paper instead of formatting perrla helps you make the best possible grade while spending the least amount of time. American psychological association rules for formatting papers, in-text citations, and end references examples based on the sixth edition of the publication manual from the apa by alexis carlson find out all the rules needed to correctly format your paper in apa style. Iirp graduate school writing & apa style guidelines rev 8/10/16 international institute for restorative practices 3 formatting a research paper in apa style. Contrariwise, only by following a specific format, you can understand how to write an apa paper, in that way making the reading more convenient for this purpose, an apa paper is commonly divided into its crucial sections: title page, abstract, introduction, methods (or methodology), results, discussion and references.
an analysis of the development of the theme of alienation and isolation in mary shelleys frankenstei
which of the following events has had the biggest impact on the history of the conflict in ireland e
Teheheee published on 04/09/2015 Read more posts by the author of Teheheee, LysNo Comments on Teheheee
The Sony SEL 28-70mm full-frame camera lens for Sony E-mount cameras provides a flexible range for capturing images with its capability of zooming from 28 to 70mm. The seven-blade, circular aperture pushes beyond the standard for an improved defocusing experience. The aspherical lens and Extra-low Dispersion glass are a powerful combination meant to reduce distortion and create images with brilliant contrast, resolution, and color fidelity. Image stabilization reduces the risk associated with out of focus and blurry results. With the dust and moisture-resistant design, feel the freedom of securing photographs of wildlife and landscapes. Photographers will find it easy to carry this lightweight lens on photo expeditions.
The Sony FE 28-70mm f/3.5-5.6 OSS Lens is a versatile, compact, and lightweight wide-angle to portrait-length zoom lens designed specifically for full-frame E-mount cameras. It is also compatible with APS-C-sized image sensors and will provide a 35mm-equivalent focal length range of 42-105mm. In regard to the optical design, three aspherical elements and one extra-low dispersion element help to reduce aberrations and distortions while contributing to notable image sharpness and clarity. This lens also integrates Optical SteadyShot image stabilization to lessen the appearance of camera shake when working in low-light conditions or with longer focal lengths. Additionally, a dust- and moisture- resistant construction ensures this lens' use in tough environmental conditions. This mid-range 28-70mm zoom lens covers wide-angle to portrait-length perspectives and is compatible for use on both full-frame and APS-C-sized image sensors; when used on an APS-C-sized sensor, the 35mm-equivalent focal length range will be 42-105mm. Three aspherical elements and one extra-low dispersion element help minimize aberrations and distortions throughout the zoom range while contributing to high overall clarity. Optical SteadyShot image stabilization minimizes the appearance of camera shake to better suit working with longer shutter speeds and telephoto focal lengths. Dust- and moisture- resistant design provides consistent performance when working in inclement environmental conditions. Seven-blade circular diaphragm provides a smooth out-of-focus quality that is well-suited to shallow depth of field imagery.
We haven’t figured out if Leo actually has caffeine running through his veins or not, but Leo possesses an endless energy that energizes the entire organization. Born in the Dominican Republic and an active member of LCBC, Leo cares deeply about the people he loves;: his students, his coworkers, and his family, especially his daughter, Ciara. Leo can also be found running endless loops at the F&M track and working out constantly at LA Fitness. If you pose a challenge to Leo, he’ll accept it and conquer it. Whether that is running a sub 5-minute mile or climbing a mountain, ‘impossible’ is not in his vocabulary. Maybe that’s why he’s been so successful with SAT training (helping students increase 110 points) and how he continues to inspire everyone he meets to achieve their dreams.
In an unbelievable move and in the face of Canadian friends, our President has decided that, after three years of environmental study (which found no issues with the pipeline that were not addressed) the Keystone Project should be cancelled.
Is there any shovel-ready project better than this one? It will create 20,000 jobs at a minimum according to studies on the subject.
It’s time to rid ourselves of President Obama and elect a real leader that will make decisions based on the best interests of our entire country and not what a handful of “whacko” environmentalists believe to be true
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said this week that U.S. opposition to the Keystone project is “a wake-up call” that should encourage Canadian industry to develop new markets in Asia. It reflects, he said, “the degree to which we are held hostage to decisions in the United States, and especially decisions that may be made for very bad political reasons.”
Obama made a decision that will deny the U.S. a reliable source of oil. Note that Canada has never threatened to block the Strait of Hormuz.
Obama made a decision that will cost the U.S. good jobs. He seems to think those jobs will still be there when he gets around to making a decision on the pipeline. But they may well be gone for good.
Obama has been yapping about creating jobs for the entirety of his administration. Yet the actions, policies and regulations he and his New Socialists pursue belie their spoken word. Keystone would create tens of thousands of jobs in an economy desperate for them. Don’t be surprised, dear reader, if Canada decides to say, “Screw the Americans; we run the pipeline to British Columbia and send the oil to the Chinese.” China desperately wants the oil, too, and they’re not as fussy about the environment. So, enviro-nazis, just think of all the greenhouse gases from all the oil tankers plying the northern Pacific. And do you really think Chinese refineries are cleaner than those in America?
After Archibald's death his younger brother Adrian joined him and they called the company Thomas & Adriaan Hope.
Thomas became head of the VOC. In 1758 he bought Keizersgracht 444-446 from Mattheus Lestevenon, the ambassador to France. In 1759 Hope & Co. had 26 employees. The neighboring house, number 448 was bought in 1763 to house Henry Hope, and Thomas's son Jan, the new partners.
In 1779 meldden de Nederlandsche Jaarboeken naar aanleiding van het overlijden van Thomas '[...] dat er mogelijk geen comptoir zo magtig in Europa gevonden wordt, dan het welk hij in deze stad heeft gevestigd'
19 செப்டம்பர் This work is made available strictly for personal use. Identifier orr- _Agnipravesam-Jayakanthan. Identifier-ark ark://t8bg3z40f. D. Jayakanthan (24 April – 8 April ), popularly known as JK, was an Indian writer, Jayakanthan. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to In addition, four of his other novels were adapted into films by others. Jayakanthan’s. APPUVUKKU APPA SONNA KATHAIGAL · JAYAKANTHAN · MEENAKSHI PUTHAKA NILAYAM · CHILA NERANGALIL CHILA MANITHARKAL.
In addition, four of jayakanthan novels free other novels were adapted into films by others. Sethu Pillai Kalki Krishnamurthy C. Retrieved 12 April The couple had two daughters fere a son. Lal Raghunath Anant Mashelkar H. He became a strong supporter of the Jayakanthan novels free ever since joining the party in the s.
The leaders of the party encouraged him to write. A majority of Jayakanthan’s works revolve around the lives of underclass people like rickshaw-pullers, prostitutes and rag-pickers.
Retrieved 8 April While thinking; [4] Parisukkup Po! Jayakanthan’s literary honours include Jnanpith and Sahitya Akademi awards. Vijayan Herbert Alexandrovich Yefremov.
jayakxnthan This prompted him to develop a liking towards them. Outside literature, he made two films. Srinivasan Osamu Suzuki Novelz. Later this was adapted into a film of the ffee name by A. Indiresan Wahiduddin Khan B. Jayakanthan was married to his cousin. Novelist, short story writerscreenplay writerfilm director. Jayanthasri Balakrishnan did her doctoral research study in Tamil on complete novellas of Jayakanthan. Promoted by the film’s success, Bhimsingh made one more film tilted Oru Nadigai Naadagam Paarkiralbased on his namesake novel.
Sankaranarayanan Naseeruddin Jayakanthan novels free T. InJayakanthan novels free made a documentary film on Jayakanthan, the second of its kind, and was produced by Ilaiyaraaja. Jayakanthan’s portfolio includes short stories. Jayakanthan novels free Faquir Chand Kohli V. Jeevanandham, Baladandayutham and S.
This page was last edited on 13 Juneat Indira Parthasarathy Vallikannan Thi. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Janakiraman Kannadasan M. Retrieved from ” https: Retrieved July 21, Sampathbefore joining the Indian National Congress. Brought up by his mother and maternal uncles, he got interested in politics onvels a young age as his uncles were actively jayakanthan novels free in it. Posthumous conferral — — — — — — — The Times of India. jayakanthan novels free
Vedhasagayakumar jayakanthan novels free made a comparative study on the works of Jayakanthan and Pudhumaipithan. In a career spanning six decades, he authored around 40 novels, short stories, apart from two autobiographies.
If you are working woman or a mom-at-home, who is busy with her kids and household chores; you may not have time to get a new hair cut every month. Let alone the time, who will pay the hairstylist’s shoot-up bills? Under such a scenario, there is one solution for improving your hairstyle or your looks-that is to buy fashion wigs at Georgia.
Truly gorgeous extensions and wigs expertly tailored and individually created for the look of your dreams. Whether it is lengthening, extra body, funky club, party styles, or highlights...get an instant transformation by us.
Add length, volume, and color suitable for all types of hair. Have soft wave, chic style, long, spiral curl, straight, and wavy natural effects with custom extensions.
Wigs were often used in the theatrical business or previously in history as everyday headwear, especially for men. During the last 40/50 years wigs have become a fashion accessory, and no more so than in the 21st century.
Wigs have their place in today’s society not only as fashion items, many people wear wigs for medical reasons; wigs are often worn due to hair loss caused by chemeotherapy or by having alopecia. Many ladies also love to wear wigs as fashion items as it gives them a change of look, especially if they have thinning hair or like to use wigs for their holiday or evening wear.
Today’s wigs are beautiful, you need to choose the correct size and style of wig. We have wig consultants available during office hours who can help and discuss the wigs on our website www.internetwigs.com and wigsandpieces.com. Please feel free to call the team on 01964 631199, if our wig consultants are not available, we will take your details and return your call as soon as one becomes available.
Blockchain-powered service LockChain that creates a technological resolution and a decentralized market for property reserving with out intermediaries has introduced.UPDATE: Floyd Mayweather has dismissed speculation that he’ll be fighting in the UFC in a new interview with Fighthype, saying the following: “People said.POT/LTC (Potcoin to Litecoin) exchange list (price and volume).
"CANCELLED MY ORDER DUE TO PRE ORDER DELIVERY DATE MONEY PAID BACK INTO MY CREDIT CARD. Litecoin has long been one of the most. 2018 Alzashop.com.can you put bitcoin into your. withdraw money at. 2018 prediction le bon coin loc vacances guadeloupe litecoin amazon gift card 1967 proof coin set. Loc: The Great State of Texas After reading all this,. There's definitely money to be made, but it does feel unlikely, from the outside looking in,.Never put money in CryptoCurrency/Forex/CFD/Other Financial Tools that you are unwilling to lose. Litecoin. Loc Duy January 5, 2018 at 3:56 am.How to buy Litecoin;. We’ve also put them below,. Perhaps someone abruptly dropped a lot of money into ZRX or something exciting just happened elsewhere.Simply put. oversight and money supply control that has traditionally. Litecoin. as smart contracts will always be. “An inquiry into money laundering.admin | Cryptinfo As the value of bitcoin hits record highs, Prince Rupert has become the first city in northern B.C. where investors can visit an ATM that dispenses.
When trade in currencies is mentioned outside the context of binary options, the. Florence Suryawan sues DBS for losing money over useless binary options. by.I HAVE 50.000 dollars to invest, help please!. 25% Litecoin 30% Evenly spread among alts. Don't put all your money into one coin and of course DYOR before invest.
Where to buy, sell and exchange bitcoin and cryptocurrency to get the best rates. So you’ve decided to begin your journey into cryptocurrencies, whether it’s.
A bitcoin ATM is an internet machine that allows. the Canadian Finance Minister mentioned plans to introduce anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing.Loc pham Месяц. fixated on the amount of profit he's making but don't realize the amount of money he's put into it in order to. Cash or Litecoin,.
How is the price of cryptocurrency defined? Introduction Cryptocurrency is a new revolutionary type of currency. Like any other currency or unit of account, they only.
We convert your funds into bitcoins and deposit them. Xapo’s announcement could put them back in a. Strict anti-money laundering and know your customer rules.Our real time Bitcoin US Dollar Bitfinex converter will enable you to convert your amount from BTC to USD. All prices are in real time.My Ether Wallet - storing Iconomi and other. (LOC). I went to send and put in. I can not figure out how on earth I would ever be able to deposit my money into.Log into your account. your username. Here is Why LOC Token Will Cut Global Hotels Prices Wi… | News. Ripple’s Put Together.Which LOC equity is low in monthly fee and interest rate;. Should I put money into RRSP?. Where To Buy Bitcoin and Litecoin using CAD?.
A statement that conveys an indirect, subtle, or unintentional affectation that is superfluous or irrelevant to the context of a conversation.Check out one of our travel money. someone could put $500 into an. ETH, DCN, BCH, NIO, TRX, DASH, COB, DOGE, PRIX, DSR, XCPO, LTC, VERI, LOC.le bon coin loc vacances var; bitcoin. accept Bitcoin and Litecoin. exchange rate history chart how do you put money in your bitcoin wallet bet against bitcoin.
All Bitcoin Cash Ethereum Litecoin. Here is Why LOC Token Will Cut Global Hotels. that states he will put small amounts of money into every sane token.
It is hard to translate this to a specific portion of the world’s money. by LoC issuers and. four-drivers-part-two-international-trade/.
Let's Talk Bitcoin, episode 71, "Blockchain Tools and Litecoin Devs" - Free download as Word Doc (.doc), PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online for free.Investors are always looking to put money into different assets to. For cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and litecoin,. Here Is Why LOC Token Will Cut.Blockchain-powered marketplace Lockchain wants to build the place where hoteliers and property owners can rent their property globally, receive money and manage.
Access the future of money in minutes. Bitit is the easiest place to get started. START NOW. We uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on Bitit.
PayPal and Microsoft are already trying to put their feet into Bitcoin,. The entire crypto market moves money. If Litecoin ONLY. Here Is Why LOC Token Will Cut.Jan 6, 2017 With the right hardware bitcoin mining is pretty much like having a money printing machine, except that it is perfectly legit Source So unless you have a.Track your favorite crypto-currencies (Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin, etc.) with ease directly from your Android smartphone! ☆ New widget that track.
Limited edition bronze vessel featuring the weeping bottlebrush tree - inspiration to never stop hoping
Allergic to Bull: According to Wikipedia, Erick Erickson has an Insatiable Need to Eat Asian Children (Update: Wikipedia deletes!)
According to Wikipedia, Erick Erickson has an Insatiable Need to Eat Asian Children (Update: Wikipedia deletes!)
Update: The Wikipedia page has deleted the whole line. This might be in response to a Gawker story (which I won’t link to) where they allegedly called his mom and asked her if it was true and she denied it. That led to people proclaiming that Erickson was lying, instead of that it being a disputed account. Because that is the most obvious explanation, instead of the mother being embarrassed and not wanting to admit it.
Growing up, I remember my parents never letting us have Asian food on December 7th. They were children of WWII.
This in turn led to a deep discussion about getting past the racism of some of our parents and commending him for being honest about his upbringing and...
Just kidding, everyone attacked him for his candor and, even though he didn’t endorse what his parents did, they assumed he agreed with them.
Yep, according to Wikipedia, “Erickson's parents refused to let his family eat Asian children on December 7th.” Apparently Mr. Erickson had an insatiable desire to each Asian children, at least when he was growing up, and his parents could only prevent him from eating said children on one day a year, or something.
Nor is this the only thing Wikipedia has ever gotten laughably wrong when it comes to conservatives. For instance, during the Bush administration, Wikipedia said Condi Rice was trained to be a “concert penis” and littered Bush’s entry with the word “jerk.”
I think the big picture is this. The words on your screen do not appear by magic. There is a human hand behind each word, even these you are reading right now. They can be driven by an honest desire to get at the truth, or they can be driven by unconscious bias or even a conscious agenda. About three and a half years ago when I first embarked on my quest to hold Brett Kimberlin accountable for the crimes he committed against me, I recognized that I need to establish my credibility. So I provided my source documents and even video evidence to support my story. As I said back then: “In other words, you won’t have to believe my word on this. You will only have to believe your eyes.”
Always be skeptical about what any person is telling you, even from a source as authoritative as a textbook. Make sure that there are fact checkers who are not asleep at the switch or so filled with bias themselves that they can’t recognize an error when it appears. In computer programing they have an acronym: GIGO. It stands for Garbage In, Garbage Out, meaning that if your inputted information is bad, your output will suffer. In our democracy we have to base our decisions on the information we have, and if the information we have is garbage, our decisions will be garbage. So you need to screen your sources of information for trustworthiness.
Sidebar: as a matter of full disclosure, Mr. Erickson was a co-defendant in some of the Brett-Kimberlin-related litigation and even apparently settled. If you think that somehow creates a bias in me that affects this article, that seems unlikely. At best, it means that when someone talked about it on Twitter, I was slightly more likely to notice the story because I know him a little. But once I noticed it for any reason I doubt I would have drawn different conclusions.
Also, regular readers might wonder, “hey, Aaron! You’re blogging again! Does this mean you will be filling us in on what has been happening in Kimberlin Saga? Yes, I will be working on that, soon.
My wife and I have lost our jobs due to the harassment of convicted terrorist (and adjudicated pedophile) Brett Kimberlin, including an attempt to get us killed and to frame me for a crime carrying a sentence of up to ten years. I know that claim sounds fantastic, but if you read starting here, you will see absolute proof of these claims using documentary and video evidence. If you would like to help in the fight to hold Mr. Kimberlin accountable, please hit the donation link on the right. And thank you.
Follow me at Twitter @aaronworthing, mostly for snark and site updates. And you can purchase my book (or borrow it for free if you have Amazon Prime), Archangel: A Novel of Alternate, Recent History here. And you can read a little more about my novel, here.
"A group of LGBT migrants who were part of the massive caravan slowly marching toward the U.S. made it to the coastal border city of Tijuana on Sunday." - Reports NPR. I'm surprised to see NPR using the word "marching," which reinforces the idea that the caravan is an invading army. But maybe the NPR writer i...
Luckey & unlucky at Facebook - (Scott Johnson) On Monday the Wall Street Journal reported that Oculus VR co-founder Palmer Luckey — Facebook bought his company and made him an executive ...
The First Lady has crossed a line and needs to walk it back - Not in your "job" description The post The First Lady has crossed a line and needs to walk it back appeared first on Hot Air.
University Removes Art Installation With Confederate Imagery After Students Call it Racist - "It was taken down Wednesday, about 48 hours after it opened."
462 Financial Journalists Were Asked Their Political Leanings. Guess How Many Said They Were Conservative. (Ashe Schow/Daily Wire) - Ashe Schow / Daily Wire: *462 Financial Journalists Were Asked Their Political Leanings. Guess How Many Said They Were Conservative.* — Just about eve...
What I Saw In Court Yesterday - Here’s what I saw during the Gilmore v. Jone, et al. hearing on motions to dismiss at the U.S. District Court in Charlottesville, Virginia. First of all, I...
Central Employment have been selected by a fast growing online gaming firm with a global customer base are seeking an Affiliate Marketing Manager (Online Gaming). They are looking to grow all their internal digital marketing channels, with the Affiliate Marketing Manager being one of the first hire.
Establishing channels of communication to ensure all affiliates and partners have access to marketing tools, and developing bespoke marketing materials when required
Experience in Affiliate Marketing, Account Management or digital marketing gained from a digital agency or in-house
Team Lead Ecommerce Magento Engineer - Leading Retailer - £65-85,000 This is a phenomenal opportunity for a Magento Engineer to work for a top retailer based in Central London. You will join a great engineering team responsible for innovation,...
We have an exciting opportunity for an E-Commerce Operations Manager to join our established team. One vision. Many teams. One family. This is a fantastic opportunity for logical and analytical thinker with an ability to simplify and challenge complex...
Senior Ecommerce Manager - Luxury Brand Our client is a beautiful luxury brand with a strong identity and wonderful story. They have seen considerable growth over recent years, with digital being very much at the forefront. This is a great role for an...
We are currently working with our client a leading marketing services provider, they are seeking a Project Manager to be responsible for the management and day-to-day running of multiple projects based onsite in the Surrey area The successful candidate...
Account Manager - London POS Salary p to - £38k depending on experience My client is one of the UK's fastest growing Print Production agencies, following the successful integration of leading digital agency. It's an exciting place to be with the...
Project Manager My Client is a leading financial institution who are enjoying significant growth and currently benefit from one of the strongest reputations in the market. As such they are currently expanding the Project Management practice and...
Client Relationship Administrator City of London Company: Payments Compliance is a digital information business which provides clients in the fast growing payments industry with legal and regulatory insight. We are a team of payments professionals,...
Senior Business Analyst - Cash Management / Payments The Senior Business Analyst works as part of the delivery function at Dovetail, reporting into the Manager of the Solution Functional Team. You will be responsible for mentoring a small team of...
Financial Services Consultant - Systems Delivery Description My Client are currently growing their team across UK Financial Services, and are looking for technology professionals with a proven background in systems delivery. There are a number of...
If you’re anything like me, coffee is one of the first things on your mind when you wake up (and after lunch to get past that 2:30 slump). I love coffee—and I love all the fun accessories that go along with drinking coffee. So, on one of the coldest days of […] Read More »
Categories: Cards + Gifts, DIY, Freebies, Friday Finds, Printables, Recipes // Tags: birthday DIY, but first coffee print, coffee diys, coffee gifts, diy coaster, diy coffee coaster, diy coffee coozy, diy coffee cozy, diy coffee mug, diy coffee sleeve, diy coffee travel mug, diy gifts for coffee lovers, diy iced coffee, diy mug display, diy simple syrup, flannel coffee sleeve, free coffee print, free coffee printable, gifts for coffee lovers
CCP Pakistan Portal aims to provide effective career counseling to Pakistani students and young professionals by connecting them to our panel of subject matter and professional experts
Career Objective: to prosper in the field of marketing and merchandising, planning ,supply chain management
Counseling(History): i received advises like continue study to ms/m.phil ,p.hd and move to education sector marketing is not best suit to u , due to less talkative, communication, introvertness, shyness
Watch the following TED talk video to learn about potential capabilities of introverts. (The speaker is an introvert herself.) Susan Cain: The power of introverts http://www.ted.com/talks/susan_cain_the_power_of_introverts
Don’t let others decide your career based on their own judgements. You need to explore your own passions and determine your own strengths. Pursuing a PhD requires a great deal of commitment but it’s really rewarding for those who are excited about research, intellectual work and exploring new areas of knowledge. Remember, the purpose of post-graduate studies is to gain expertise and contribute to research. It’s not vocational training, and getting a job is not the purpose.
I don’t see your CV attached but I hope my response will help you think independently: how YOU feel about yourself, your career, your future and your personal goals.
Dear Students We are pleased to announce the release of Automated Query Forum, where you will be linked directly to the relevant advisors at the...
Happy New Year 2015!!! Another year has passed! With every New Year come greater challenges and obstacles in life. However, learning from our experiences...
Quaid-i-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah’s’ speeches for students STUDENTS’ ROLE IN NATION BUILDING speech at the Dhaka University Convocation on 24th March, 1948 (Recorded by Radio...
Internships Opportunity in Public Sector Organization Send application through mail to P.O.Box 1664...
This website and its content is copyright of Career Counseling Portal Pakistan - © www.careercounselingportal.com (CCP Pakistan) 2013. All rights reserved. Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: (1) You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only (2) You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material. (3) You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Sometimes dates that are shown as reserved might unexpectedly become available before the calendar is updated.
Carefree Getaways cannot be held responsible for the periodic outages in electric, internet and cable service which we experience on this island.
We will allow a 5 or 6 night rental provided that it meets an existing reservation during off-season dates.
To secure your reservation, payment in the amount of 50% of total rental is required with a non-refundable $35 Reservation and $35 Security Deposit Waiver fee, total of $70. The balance of rental money is due 60 days prior to arrival.
Last minute rentals require payment by credit card or a certified bank check, overnight mail (call for details).
Should you be forced to cancel for any reason and a replacement rental is obtained, your deposit will be refunded less a 20% administrative fee.
Because of our strict cancellation policy, we urge you to obtain Traveler's Cancellation Insurance throughout the year.
For Travel During Hurricane Season: Traveler's cancellation insurance is strongly recommended. Traveler's insurance is highly recommended year round. Please inquire for further details.
Rates are subject to change at any time. When your initial payment is received your rate is locked in.
St. John's economy is thriving and many homes and condos are being built. Construction is everywhere on island and can begin anywhere at any time. We are not responsible for construction noise and appreciate your understanding in those areas where construction exists. Typically construction begins at 7AM and ends 3:30PM.
Blog Archive September (3) May (2) April (1) March (4) February (4) September (2) August (8) July (12) June (8) May (11) April (11) March (8) January (2) December (19) November (13) October (8) September (5) August (8)
Satan is deceiving the masses with the Globe. A lot of things have been proven fake, NASA is lying to us. They are a free masonic organization whose sole purpose is to deceive the masses into believing in an infinite ever expanding universe where anything is possible. i.e. Big bang, evolution, alien seeding, alien abduction (soon to come with the rapture) and more importantly no need for God. The Globe is the base deception on which all of Satan's other deceptions stem. You remove it, the rest crumble. The TRUTH shall set you FREE. Real Eyes Realize Real Lies Luke 8:17 "For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad." Getting saved is the easiest and most important thing you can do :) You just have to come to the knowledge that you (like everyone else on earth) are a sinner in need of salvation or we would spend eternity in Hell. Salvation is not something we could ever attain on our own, that is why Jesus came to this earth and paid the ultimate price for our sins by allowing himself to be sacrificed for all mankind so through him we can be saved. Jesus led a sinless life and by doing so was able to take all of humanities sins they would ever commit on himself making one sacrifice that covered all sin. To be saved you have to say a prayer something like this (and most importantly mean it because God reads your heart). Say "God I know I am a sinner. I know that because of my sin Jesus came to this earth and died for me making atonement for all the sins I would ever commit. I believe Jesus died on that cross and raised from the dead three days later conquering death and making a way for me to be saved by taking my sins upon himself. I pray Lord that you save me and come into my heart and life allowing me to be born again through Jesus, living in this world but no longer being of this world. Thank you Lord for saving my soul please lead me, guide me, and direct me all the remaining days of my life. In Jesus name I pray, Amen." If you said that prayer and meant it you are saved and sealed and nothing anyone could ever say or do can take that away. I would continue to pray daily building a relationship with God, and read the bible some everyday as well. He knows you, but that's the only way to get to know him. Try your best to stop sinning (this is not possible by the way) but you have to make the effort because that is what true repentance means is that you will turn from your sin. Don't give up, this is not easy, I repent and ask God to forgive me for something or another every single day. He knows we aren't perfect, but if we truly love him we gotta try :) God bless you, here are some scriptures that you might find helpful, and welcome to the family! :D John 3:3 (KJV) 3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Romans 3:23 (KJV) 23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Romans 6:23 (KJV) 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 5:8 (KJV) 8 But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Romans 10:9-10 (KJV) 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Romans 10:13 (KJV) 13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. John 3:16-17 (KJV) 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. 17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. How to be Saved - The Most Important "Truth" https://youtu.be/4RSj-CMPBlw
Along come your developers with a new Open ID Connect / OAuth 2.0 application and they start talking about application IDs, scopes, consent, RESTful APIs, access-tokens, id-tokens, refresh-tokens, and session tokens. Are you just going to let them deploy the app into your Azure Active Directory tenant or do you want to understand terminology and functioning of these new protocols? Learn a new skill-set in just 75 minutes, enabling you to understand and discuss Open ID Connect, Oath 2.0 protocols and Azure Active Directory application registration with your peers and developers. John Craddock is recognized for his skills in conveying deep-techie content in a highly consumable format, let him help you to bridge the gap between dev and ops.
Pierre Grimes and the Noetic Society -- 2015-09-04 NSFRI Sophist 254b-257a - Non-Being, Participation, and Other Dialogue(s): sophist Sections: 254b-257a my apologies: sound was horrible tonight. it drops in and out. and even when the audio is "in", it is distorted because i had pierre's mic volume up too "hot". sorry! the audio cuts out 19:05 - 20:06 while pierre takes a break. it cuts out again for the last couple of minutes of the recording (58:57 - 1:00:38). so if anyone did record the evening, and has audio for that last section, please send it to me and i will gladly patch it in 2:14 sub-atomic and quantum physics smaller than planck's length, objects no longer have any mass van der Waal's force field theory maintains these particles in clusters even when they have no mass parts and whole the greek philosophers ask: what must exist to keep these relations of parts to whole and its parts? why don't the parts just scatter? what keeps them together? do we have to redefine what the "whole" is here? plato deals with this in the 6th hypothesis of the parmenides being, the one that is, and the one that is not. plato deals with "non-being" in a particular and legitimate way now in the sophist, the sophist also deals with non-being. does he deal with it in the same way? is participation properly developed? where are the contradictions? how does the sophist work his craft? More info: http://noeticsociety.org
(C) Electronic Arts Inc. Electronic Arts, EA, EA GAMES, the EA GAMES logo, Ultima, the UO logo and Britannia are trademarks or registered trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. All rights reserved.
Sheet Metal and Machine Shop specializing in industrial fabrication and repair, In house or on site we can do it all.
With our skilled staff and computer controlled machinery we can fabricate and install the most complex parts
A large variety of materials can be spray welded for a number of reasons. Whether its for wear resistance, non slip non skid coatings or to build up worn areas. This worn sleeve was spray welded and brought back to factory tolerances. Now it is like new and more wear resistant than Before
The built environment is fundamental for everyday life and comfort, and is essential for the global economy. The latest developments in the construction of sustainable and hi-tech buildings.
A still smoking gelding market full of real ranch horses and good geldings sitting on go highlighted Billings Livestock Commission Company’s annual "Cow Country Classic" Catalog Sale and regular monthly horse sale on May 25 - 26.
Complimented by the "Best of the Remuda" Ranch horse competition, the using geldings came to town to show their stuff in a judged competition - and - geldings claimed 14 out of the top 20 selling positions.
The geldings with the gas were the kind made in the west everyday - true using horses - finished, working, and coming complete with their lessons learned.
With 673 head of horses offered during the two-day sale event, horses found new homes in 19 states and Canada.
A proven barrel horse that had pocketed his share of earnings - from WPRA to regional jackpots - Hip 138 "Sir Doctor Tari" a 91 AQHA bay - was competed on right up through sale day.
He was bred to cow on the topside and bred to run on the bottom and the big-time barrel horse set a new gelding record at Billings Livestock bringing a final bid of $14,000.
Sired by Sr Doctor Tari x Doc Tari and out of a daughter of Top Fugitive by Top Deck, the the rodeo-ready barrel horse was offered by Rod and Phyllis Brosz, Shepherd, MT and sold to Broken Bones Cattle Co., Lander, WY.
At the top of the pack was a tip-top mare - Hip 91 "Santana Pep" - a 97 AQHA Sorrel Mare by one of the hottest stars in the business - Bar H’s big-time sire Dual Pep - and out of a daughter of Dry Doc.
The finished cutting mare - only five years old - had a stud colt by her side by "Playboy Seventy" - a Strait Rail Ranch Sire.
Consigned by Strait Rail Ranch, Nevis, MN, the pretty, powerfully pedigreed mare sold to Rimrock Livestock, John and Diane Spizziri, Shawmut, MT for $17,000.
Ranch ridden, exposed to the elements, and packing a work ethic - geldings had the goods - with the top 20 geldings alone averaging $4645.
A sale highlight included the 2-4-6 Ranch Reduction Sale, Harold and Deb Adema, Sundance, WY, including top producing mares, geldings, and sires.
Rope horses and cutting horses previewed on cattle both days, allowing the consumer a birds-eye view of the consignments.
Gentle, finished geldings met with very strong demand, while the younger, less experienced geldings saw considerably less interest and were again a value to the buyer.
Loose horses ran rampant at Billings Livstock for the sixth consecutive month - maintaining BLS’s status as the top loose horse market in the United States - with the top selling horse on the loose demanding $1,450, the top five at $1,320, the top ten averaging $1,197, while the top 50 loose horses on the loose averaged $827.
Entire sale averages include the top five at $9,800; top ten at $7,460; top 20 brought $5,737; Top 50 came in at $4,179; while the top 100 head of horses sold averaged $3,264.
Billings Livstock’s next sale event is set for June 22 and will feature "Team Penning" horses. All classes and types of horses will sell, from prospects, mares, stallions, and finished horses.
An open, draw-pot team penning is set for Friday, June 21 at 3 p.m. with one horse in each team being a sale horse.
Cattle will be available to show the cutting horses and rope horses beginning at 10 a.m. on Saturday morning. Ride horse preview will follow.
Fantastic location on the open ocean for this 3 bedroom, 2 1/2 bath home with views, privacy and exclusive neighborhood living now available for long-term rental. Located in the Western Point section of York, this direct waterfront property offers views of lighthouses, islands and miles of ocean from inside the home and the decks and yard. 2-car garage with direct entrance to the home, ample storage space, whole-house generator, decks and yard. The interior offers a living room with high ceilings and unobstructed ocean views, master suite with views, dining area and kitchen, 1/2 bath and office in one wing, and 2 bedrooms and a full bath in the side wing of the home. Available in early June, this home is a significant opportunity to live on the ocean in a desirable waterside community, and dining, shopping, commuting routes and schools are a short drive away.
That the Parliament congratulates The Learning Zone - Parents Association in Glasgow Anniesland on being awarded a £9,981 Awards for All grant from the Big Lottery Fund; understands that this will be used to create opportunities for nursery children to participate in outdoor environmental activities through the establishment of an eco-garden and natural environmental play area; notes that the project meets the Awards for All outcomes of People and communities are healthier, 'People have better chances in life, People have better and more sustainable services and environments and Communities are safer, stronger and work together to tackle inequalities; congratulates The Learning Zone - Parents Association on securing this funding, and wishes it every success with the project.
Bill Kidd MSP • 476 Crow Road, Jordanhill, Glasgow, G11 7DR • 0141 339 3277 • This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
The costs of this website have been met out of parliamentary resources. Complaints about website content should be sent by e-mail to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..">This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
My problem at the moment surrounds fuelling for both of them. The DB8 runs too rich and the DB9 too lean.
The Db8 had when I purchased int had its catalytic converter removed and a Super Mugello link pipe installed.
The bike now runs very rich and I would like to have it dynoed. I need the software and a cable. I contacted Armin having reviewed previous post but he seems unable to help me.
The DB9 sounds a little more complicated by the sounds the Athena type ecus are a little underdeveloped I have contact the factory so hopefully they can help me out. Any one with advice on that would be appreciated too.
Hi Mick,don't really know where you can buy the software and cable from,I imagine it would not be a cheap thing to purchase,but you could try D-Moto they are at Clyde in Sydney.The last time i walked in there they had 2 DB8's in there so i am assuming they have the software.They also have a dyno in there as well.I have not had work done by them but i have only heard good things from there work.Both Shaun and George that run it have been around for years working with race teams including Ducati race team
DB8...presumably the 1198 motor...and presumably a Walbro ECU under the right side fairing below the tank on the side....There are 2 types of Walbro unit...but only one for the DB7/DB8...the other type serves the DB5, DB6 and Tesi 2 valve single cam motors....I have the software for both types of ECU...and a handy "make your own" cable guide...that really just needs a few parts from Tandy/RadioShack...and a Ducati Fuel sender connecter block that plugs into the ECU connector which has a blanking cap on it...again near the ECU.
Fueling....with without cat...with open or closed bikes...the DB7's and DB8's were notoriously badly set up for fueling straight from the factory...either set for Rimini weather or just badly set from new....There is a connecter inbetween the bank of 2 cylinders that allows the fueling to be played with...by a Ducati technician...which is unconnected to the ECU in that way...My DB7 had similar issues....one cylinder injection was lean...and one was over rich...meaning it wouldn't pass the MSVA test we have here for fuel emissions.....an hours tweaking by Technicians sorted it to help it pass...evidently an emission probe needed to be put into the end can to check levels...not sure which system you have on the bike...2 into one or straight 2 into 2 independent
Are your bikes both reading in Miles or Kilometer? or what you use down there under? That's an easy sort.....The koso clocks on both bikes also pop up a mechanics "red spanner" at around 1,000 miles or 1500kms meaning first oil change is due...that can be easily reset when you need to know...and it kicks in at regular servicing also....Both bikes need belts changing every 2 years..often a myth for Duc engines....and can be many years...15 even I've heard of ...and..Hmmm...experienced...BUT...not on these motors...they eat belts every 2 years and munch the motor totally if you don't change.....The early series of 1098 and 1198 motors had warranty recalls for "bad starter" motors....Ducatis fix was ...replace it....any issues in starting? Optimum battery charge a must....Do your headlights kick up the right way? They used old school headlight units that kick up right or left...and not a flat Euro beam...again an easy fix if needed....Stripping the fairing and putting back can be tiresome.....sorting the suspension also...but theres plenty on here that can help.
The ECU and programme can be sent on a CD-rom....too large and intricate to email....folder after sub-folder after sub-folder...Armin usually charges 70-100 Euros for this...and the cables he has ran out of.
Factory help?? By all meand try...we all try....and don't let me put you off...but in 7 years of Multi-bimota ownership...they've never once replied to my messages...be it in English, Italian or Swaheli.....
The ECU has no connection with the clocks....the clocks service intervals are on pure mileage...interrogation of the ECU has limited use...but does give you the Run time of the motor...and error codes can be cancelled out...Hope this all makes sense and helps......
The Super Mugello de cat is a two pipe all the way to the pipe. Any help you can give me. Any help you could give me with software and making a lead and guidance would be really appreciated.
I have a DB7 with a de-cat twin pipe set up. Yes it run's on the rich side but nothing that bad, does not effect performance in any way.
My DB5R on the other hand ran so week when I got it , it struggled to hold a constant cruising speed. After some basic carb balance , throttle linkage tweaking , it runs much better.
Most Bimota's are either not used much or if new have been sat in a create for a few years, a good service/check over never hurts .
If all else fails you can ring Emma at Tuneboy, I know Wayne can get into the Ducati 1198 ecu, he does all our race bikes but I'm not sure about a DB8.
Get in touch with FX Powersports (Bimota Australia) . The guys tuned mine with full Arrow 2 into1 and yielded 183 rwhp. Also set up reduced engine breaking.
The Bimota Forum has no official connection to Bimota S.p.A.. We just ride or are interested in their motorcycles and support the brand. All trademarks are acknowledged
Cne Martime Foods is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Electric Cell Food Recipes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food Bank S is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food Basics Kingst is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food Network Honey Walnut Shrimp is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Food Product Developer Salary Canada is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Grain Free Dog Food No Frills is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Magimix Food Processor Cake Recipes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Rent A Food Truck For A Month Vancouver is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Result Of Cat Eat Dog Food is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Select Food Products Ltd is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Whitefield Food Services is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Scheibe SF-25A Bergfalke I-MVAM “Spirit de Sant Ambroeus” (c/n 4524 of 1966) of “Accademia Volovelistica,” based at Bresso airport (Milan), in static display at Venegono airport (Varese, Italy) during the 19th CAP (“Club Aviazione Popolare”) Meeting, on September 21, 1991. (Aeromedia)
The faculty of Aerospace Engineering at the Technion is the sole source of aerospace engineers in Israel. The faculty members conduct research and teach a wide range of aerospace disciplines. The Aerospace Research Center consists of several advanced research laboratories ...
The Israel Annual Conference on Aerospace Sciences is a central annual event on the calendar of the aerospace community in Israel.
Datum begraven 23-07-1774 Opmerkingen overledene was bejaarde jongedochter; Franse kerk; Haringvliet This is the daughter of Archibald Sr., born between Thomas and Adrian. She stayed in the family home and took care of her parents until they died.
Datum trouwen 03-03-1745 Datum ondertrouw 10-02-1745 Opmerkingen datum ondertrouw: tenhuise van de Bruijd door dhr (further text not given)
Going for the long bomb, labor leaders brought Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino to the Capitol Wednesday to urge legislators to assure pro football players of workers' compensation benefits.The football star was the center of attention as he roamed the halls, giving interviews, signing autographs and meeting with legislative leaders.''I'm just trying to keep the workers' comp the way it is now,'' Marino said.Players for the Dolphins and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are now eligible for workers' comp if injuries end their careers.
Actors Megan Mullally and Nick Offerman , who put their house in the Hollywood Hills West up for sale this week at $12.65 million, might want to send a thank you card to the new neighbors for the great "comp. " Last month, 31-year-old twins Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss — who won a $65-million cash-and-stock settlement in 2008 over claims that Mark Zuckerberg stole their idea to create Facebook — bought the contemporary house next door for $18 million. The newly constructed two-story has retractable walls of glass opening to views of downtown L.A. and an infinity swimming pool with a shallow-water shelf for chaise longues.
Legislative negotiators reopened a mammoth workers'compensation reform proposal Monday, making a number of changes demanded by Gov. Lawton Chiles.But negotiations broke down for the evening in the middle of a discussion about ways to resolve disputes between employees and their employers, an issue Chiles says must be added to the bill. The panel will resume negotiations this morning.Without acknowledging that they were doing so, members of the workers' comp conference committee made changes sought by Chiles on the issues of managed medical care of injured workers and legal fees.
One of the longest-running special-interest fights in the state Capitol was renewed Tuesday when a House committee debated whether doctors should be allowed to charge higher prices than pharmacies when they prescribe drugs for workers-comp patients. On one side are health-insurance giant Blue Cross Blue Shield, the Florida Chamber of Commerce and the Florida Retail Federation, whose members include pharmacy chains such as Walgreen's and CVS. On the other are Automated Healthcare Solutions, a Broward County-based business that sells drug-dispensing software to physicians, and the Florida Medical Association, the statewide doctors' lobby.
CompTIA, an information technology industry association, will play a key role in Illinois' efforts to boost science, technology, engineering and math education in the state. CompTIA Workforce Development LLC will act as the lead entity for the Information Technology Learning Exchange, part of the Illinois Pathways Race to the Top, Gov. Pat Quinn announced Friday. The various learning exchanges are intended to be public-private partnerships that will offer industry-specific online resources related to different careers.
Veteran rock unit Matchbox Twenty scored its first No. 1 album last week with "North," its first new release in a decade. Leading a field that boasted no titles selling in six figures, the band's Atlantic release entered at the top with first-week sales of 95,000, according to Nielsen SoundScan data for the week ending Sept. 9. Fronted by Rob Thomas, the Florida combo is a top-selling '90s act that never managed to reach the apex. Its last studio set, 2002's "More Than You Think You Are," peaked at No. 6. Band's first two sets reached the top five in 1996 and 2000.
SACRAMENTO — A controversial workers' compensation overhaul bill was all but dead last week. Then Gov. Jerry Brown stepped in. In less than 24 hours — on Aug. 31, the final day of the Legislature's session — Brown showed what decades of political experience can deliver on deadline. To rescue the massive package, he came up with a pot of extra money to help the most seriously injured workers. He personally met with recalcitrant state senators in his office and in the suite of Senate leader Darrell Steinberg (D-Sacramento)
A Los Angeles County probation officer was arrested Tuesday for allegedly filing nine fraudulent workers' compensation claims over the last three years. Rochelle Williams of Inglewood, a six-year Probation Department employee who placed youths in foster homes and other facilities, was taken into custody at the agency's Downey headquarters by probation employees and California Department of Insurance investigators. Williams, 35, is accused in 27 felony counts of forging departmental as well as medical documents, including signatures, to support her claims.
Effect of Mars transit in Capricorn from 02 May 2018 to 06 November 2018 on your Rashi | Shrivinayaka Astrology
Mars will transit from 02 May 2018 to 06 November 2018 in Capricorn Sign. Mars is considered to be exalted in this Sign. Full of vigor and enthusiasm, Mars denotes strong powerful desires and emotions including intimate physical cravings.
Planet Mars has some peculiarities while in the sign of Capricorn. Such natives have obsession for hard work to achieve their goal in life. They look ahead to plan their future. They are determined, disciplined and have control over their urges. They set targets and make every effort to attain their ambitions. They have great desire to be on the top and for that they work harder than others. It has also been noticed that Mars in Capricorn give the tendency to become workaholics.
Mars is considered furious and masculine planet by nature. In a horoscope, Planets Mars rules the courage, confidence and physical urges. Occupation wise Mars represents military, soldiers, warriors, builders, engineers and real estate business. Famous surgeons also have the good positions of Mars in their horoscopes.
Shri Vinayaka Astrology presents transit results of Mars during this period. Strength and placement of Mars in the chart of an individual should also be considered while going through these predictions.
Mars will become retrograde on 27 June 2018 and will move for progression on 28th August 2018. This retrogression generally lessens the results of Mars. The native may feel lack of vigor and remain frustrated most of the time to failure in achieving goals.
Here are the transit results of Mars during the above period which are based on the Moon Sign of the natal chart. Strength and placement of Mars in the chart of an individual is very important which should also be considered while going through these predictions. Transit of other planets has not been taken into consideration.
This transit will give favorable results for those who are born with Leo, Scorpio and Pisces as their Moon sign.
Though you may get success in your endeavors, yet you may not be satisfied with the achievements at your profession. This is the time when you will get recognition and respect at your workplace due to your hard work done in the past. This situation will be encouraging for you to meet the new challenges. You should also be alert at your workplace as someone at workplace may plan against you. Do not under weigh your enemies as Ketu is already transiting in your tenth house. Old friends will be helpful. Be careful while developing new relations as there are chances of cheating. Retrogression of Mars from 27th June to 28th August 2018 may cause obstruction. During this period you may obsessed to pick up quarrels with others which should altogether be avoided. Also drive vehicle carefully. Avoid company of wicked persons. Also take care of your valuables.
Health may be cause of concern. Over exertion may cause fatigues. But in spite of all problems, you are likely to succeed due to your courage even at the cost of enmity with others.
This transit of Mars is not considered to give good results. You may develop misunderstanding with your in-laws. Misunderstanding with the siblings may also build up. Married life may be stressful and it may be difficult to maintain harmony with spouse. You may remain impatient due to poor result obtained in spite of putting hard work. Colleagues and co-workers at workplace may create problems resulting in an awkward situation for you at workplace. You should be careful enough not to give any chance to wicked opponents to create foul play against you particularly during 27th June to 28th August 2018. This period is also not good for father. Conjugal life may turn sore.
Financial position may remain wavering as such you should try to save the money. Excessive expenses may also be one of the reasons behind your being impatient. It is suggested not to incur heavy expenses on unnecessary luxurious items. Picking up quarrel with neighbors is not advised. Health related problems like fever, fatigue or body pain may give you worried. To avoid the feeling of disappointment and depression, you should meditate and practice yoga. Keep on worshipping Lord Hanuman.
This period may not be considered favorable. You may remain irritate most of the time during this transit. You may also face some health problems during this transit. Some injuries or accidents is also seen. You need to be cautious while driving, crossing or walking on the road. Do not pick up any quarrel whatsoever. Sportsman should take extra care and should not involve in risky adventures due to over confidence. You should be watchful of your blood related, urinary or piles related problems also. Take proper medical guidance if you already suffer from these diseases. Relations with the spouse may not be cordial due to egoistic approach. Spouse may also face health problems. Relations with in-laws may also be tensed.
Professional front can also not be considered favorable and you may face problems while dealing with your seniors. You will feel lack of support from your colleagues at your workplace. Constant worries and reduced earnings may affect health adversely. Financial position may also be cause of concern. Some of you may be planning to borrow loan. It is advisable not to invest in stocks, speculations or immovable properties during this period. For some of you, circumstances may force you to live away from your family temporarily. Journey may be troublesome. Overall this transit of Mars is troublesome. During retrogression Mars from 27th June to 28th August 2018 you need to be more alert as all these problems may amplify particularly related to secret enemies. Performing remedies of Mars will prove to be helpful.
Some dignified person may not be happy with you. You need to maintain harmony in relations particularly in married life as well as with business partners. Misunderstanding may develop in the relations with spouse. Relations with the business partners may also not be pleasant. This transit may prove to be challenging. Most of the time, you may remain restless and irritate. Mars transit during this period may also not give satisfying results. It would be better if you avoid hot and unnecessary arguments with anyone. Suddenly you may find yourself passionate and may get involved in the company of opposite sex. You also need to maintain moral qualities during this period. Keep away from women who do not possess respect in the society. Also take care of your health as stomach related disease may be cause of concern.
There may be problems at workplace and professional life may not be pleasing. You need to keep patience as you may develop the tendency to pick up fights with your colleagues. You may also be forced by circumstances that may force you to pick up quarrels but ignore such situations with cool mind otherwise you may have to face humiliation. Keep a check on your finances. Results may be more severe during 27th June to 28th August 2018.
Maintaining healthy relations will avoid unpleasant situation in life or at least keep quite during such situation. You need to avoid hot and unnecessary arguments. Keep away from the persons of questionable character. Suddenly you may find yourself passionate and may get involved in the company of opposite sex. You also need to maintain moral qualities during this period. Keep away from women who do not possess respect in the society. You would like to enjoy the time with your friends. Keep on performing the remedies of Mars.
This transit of Mars will prove to be favorable. You will remain energetic and enthusiastic. New ideas may strike in your mind. Hard work and efforts made in the past may bring rewarding results during this transit but at the same time avoid being overconfident. Opponents may keep you on your heels. However, you will be able to manage the situation. This month your focus will be on job. You will work hard with determination to achieve better results. Your seniors will appreciate this attitude. If you are appearing in any competitive examination, the results will mostly remain in your favor.
Financial position will be generally satisfactory. Some discord with spouse is also seen. Result of legal case, if any, may be in your favor.
You will get recognition and respect. You may like to participate in charitable activities. You will also have upper hand over your competitors and rivals. This is time to claim for promotion, if due. You have to face challenges during this period but at the same time financial position will be generally satisfactory. In spite of good health, you may suffer from infectious disease.
This transit of Mars may not give favorable results. Lack of peace of mind, worries and professional life problems may be the main feature during this Mars transit. You may feel irritate as you will get failure and unnecessary obstructions in your attempts. You may not get success easily in your deeds. You need be alert at your workplace as someone at workplace may be planning against you. Financially also you may not be feel satisfied. High expenses will also be the cause of concern. Try to keep expenses under control. You may also feel difficulties in paying off debt, if any. You should avoid any kind of speculation or investing in stock which may be the cause of heavy losses. Be careful while developing new relations as there are chances of cheating. Avoid company of wicked persons. Also take care of your valuables. Relations with spouse may not be cordial up to your expectations. Some relatives or neighbors may feel jealous against you. Lovers may not find this period favorable and misunderstanding in the relations may develop easily. Children may not perform better or their health may also be the cause of worry. You may feel annoyed with their behavior.
Health may be cause of concern. Take extra care of your health as you may suffer from digestive disorders or stomach pain which may keep you annoyed. But in spite of all problems, you are likely to succeed due to your courage even at the cost of enmity with others. Mother may suffer from health problems. Friend circle may not be helpful at the time of need. Avoid the company of immoral persons and try to stay on righteous path to avoid any complications in future. Keep your temper under control while dealing with the family members. Do not bring the problems of your workplace at home.
This is not a favorable period as such you require the company of knowledgeable and supportive persons. Also keep on performing the remedies of Mars. If Mars is weak or malefic in the chart, the period from 27th June to 28th August 2018 may prove to be more troublesome.
This transit of Mars may not generally give optimistic results. You will feel excess of aggression during this transit which may spoil the relations with the persons around you including your family member, friend circle and colleagues etc. You may have disagreement and quarrels with your relatives. Difference of opinion may surface with friend circle too. Relations with children may also not be cordial but you may get support from spouse. You should check your aggressive behavior towards your family members to avoid deterioration of relations
This transit may cause restlessness. You may not find peace of mind anywhere. There is also possibility that some of your friend may cheat on you. Also beware of secret enemies as you may fall prey of their sponsored tactics.. Professional life may also be troublesome due to your aggressive behavior. Good communication and keeping calm is the best tool to avoid unwanted circumstances. Investing in stock market or in properties may not give favorable results. Overall this is not a positive transit.
Also keep watch on the health of your mother. Those who are suffering from blood pressure or heart related diseases need extra care. If Mars is weak or malefic in the chart, the period from 27th June to 28th August 2018 may prove to be more troublesome. Worship Lord Hanuman and also keep on performing the remedies of Mars.
You may be waiting for this transit of Mars for a long time. This period may prove to be rewarding. This transit of Mars may give good and positive results. You will feel more convinced and energetic. You will be courageous to manage new challenges and difficult situations in life easily. Your creative approach will bring positive results this month. This is the month when some of you may have some inventive idea in your mind to make your career and financial position sound. You will be equally active to materialize the same. Financially, this period may be considered to give good results and you will progress in your business by your own planning and hard work. This is the proper time to make investment subject to placement of Mars and other planets in your natal chart. Help of some influential person will be supportive.
Some auspicious ceremony may also take place at home. Relations with spouse will be smooth and support of life partner will be available but at the same time expenses may go high. Those who are in profession will find this time more favorable for progress and may likely get rise in their status. Opponents who might be trying to create problems will be overpowered. Health will be generally good.
In spite of all these favorable situation, you should try to avoid any decision due to over-enthusiasm. Do not interfere in the matters of others unnecessarily.
Transit of Mars may give adverse results and as such may not be considered favorable. Failure in your efforts may make you to feel disappointed. This situation may annoy you and you may develop the tendency of jealousy towards others. You attitude and speech may be hot and aggressive. Frustration and harsh approach will completed reduce the sweetness of the relations. Such relations already developed may also turn in to clash and you may have to face the consequences. Try to avoid this tendency.
This period will create obstacles in your financial matters also. Some financial losses are also seen. Be careful while taking any decision regarding finance or investment. You may also face problems in getting a loan. Those who are in job will face difficulties in the pace of growth. Opponents and competitors will try to create pressure to spoil your image. Family life also appears to be disturbed. Lovers may feel soreness in relations. Try to maintain the relations with cool mind. Be careful of any injury on your face. Body pain, fatigue and insomnia may cause worries.
You may need to control you temper and aggression during this period. The Mantra for success during this period is politeness and humbleness. This period will give better results only if you have control over your speech.
If Mars is weak or malefic in the chart, the period from 27th June to 28th August 2018 may prove to be more troublesome. Worship Lord Hanuman and also keep on performing the remedies of Mars.
This transit of Mars will move through your Ascendant which may not give favorable results. You need to utilize your inner energy and do not let it waste externally. As such your hot temperament may be the cause of trouble in your relations with closed one or with your social circle as well.
Your rash and fiery approach may cause obstruction in your efforts to achieve success. Do not take any decision in hurry and avoid start of any new venture during this transit. Focus should be on completion of pending work. You should be careful as opponents may try to create trouble for you. Sources of income will be available but at a slow pace and with obstructions. You may have strong urge for materialistic and worldly desires. Married couples may develop some misunderstanding causing discord in married life due to your aggressive and egoistic attitude. You should take care of your health as there are chances to suffer from indigestion, colic pain, bile or acidity. Take special care of some infectious diseases which may difficult to diagnose. This period is accident prone so be careful while walking or crossing road. Some anti-social elements may also create problem. You should be more careful during the period from 27th June to 28th August 2018 as you may face health issues.
Mars transit during this period cannot be considered positive particularly for monetary matters, family and health issues. Expenses will remain high during this period. You may also be tempted to incur heavy expenses on luxurious commodities resulting in tight financial position. There is also possibility that you may be planning to arrange for some loan.
You need to work harder at your workplace and you will do but results may not be up to your expectation. Seniors may remain indifferent. There is also possibility that you might face disgrace. Health may also be cause of concern as you may suffer from insomnia, stomach problem and unwanted tension. Hospital expenditures may increase.
Some of you will get opportunity to go abroad depending upon the placement of Mars in your natal chart. Short term travel should be avoided as it may prove to be tiresome. Relations with the family members may not be warm. Avoid any unnecessary arguments with spouse, relatives and brothers during this transit of Mars. This is not a favorable period for lovers. Secret enemies will irritate you. There is possibility that you may face some false allegations which may force you towards legal complications. You may also feel unsatisfied with your personal life.
This transit of Mars will be favorable. This transit will prove to be beneficial and will be able to yield favorable results. Financially you may feel comfortable but still you will have to work harder to develop extra sources of income. Income from real estate is also indicated. You may get good results in your business. This is the time when you can claim your promotion, if due. Relations with family members will start improving. Brothers may prove to be helpful. For lovers, this period is not favorable and some misunderstanding may creep in the relations. You may feel satisfied and health will be generally good. Friends will prove to be helpful. Family life will be pleasant and you can expect respect and recognition. You will like to participate in charitable activities. Marital problems may get reduced. Some auspicious ceremony may take place at home. Overall, this transit will prove to be positive and encouraging.
Transit of planets Comments Off on Effect of Mars transit in Capricorn from 02 May 2018 to 06 November 2018 on your Rashi
top rated what us a resume what is a resume cover letter for look like pictures 1 within resume format pdf.
The possibilities are nearly endless with this property! For 16 of the last 20 years, it's been an auto glass shop, but it could be an antique shop, work shop, or other retail space. The left bay could even be rented out separately for extra income!Zoned as rural residential in a highway commercial overlay area, a conditional use permit ($150) will be required by the zoning board.
We provide computer repair Woodford service and laptop repair Woodford service to all home users as well as business customers and cover entire Woodford area.
We offer friendly and professional technical support for all our customers based in Woodford or other London areas.
For your convenience we offer from door to door service and do complete all the work and repairs on-site at Woodford area.
Our engineers have many years of experience working with computer software and hardware so excellent service is what we deliver daily in Woodford.
Adrian/Adriaan was a real bookkeeper. He never married and after going into business with his older brother Thomas made himself at home in Amsterdam and never left.
Unlike his brothers, he does not appear to have become a property owner, seeming to be content living in the Amsterdam offices and perhaps spending long weekends in the summers at one or the other pf the many summer homes his brothers had in the country.
He never purchased any property in Amsterdam or the Haarlem area and lived with Thomas until his death.
His name is most often on the Amsterdam correspondence, and he was instrumental in the petition for a settlement for the widow Clifford after the house of Clifford fell in 1772.
AMS Archief: 2889 Stukken betreffende de verdeling van de nalatenschap van Adriaan Hope in beheer bij Henry Hope 1 pak 1803-1803
There is no better way to showcase a business’s products than to take part in trade shows, fairs and exhibitions. These types of events are the most looked forward to by many of the companies all over the world as they a chance to showcase their new stuff to the visitors and customers. By participating in exhibitions and trade shows, many businesses will be able to increase their business visibility and it is also a very good platform to generate more sales. By attending a trade show, you get to know the pulse of the customer, their feedback about the new product or service, meet other competitors in your niche, turn walk-ins into sales and also find suppliers. It is a win-win situation for your business to take part in exhibitions, business fairs and trade shows.
Designing the exhibition areaAs the saying goes, the first impression is the best impression. So, when working in the area or space where you are going to display your business, you should make sure that the area meets the expectations of the passing customers. It has to be quite welcoming and must have an appealing look so that it drives the passer-by people to visit your stall and also check out your products. Many of the designers are now in a concept design workshop in Singapore that gives you proper guidance on how to set up the exhibition area to display products in an attractive and impressive manner. There is no need for large areas to set up your stall at an exhibition. No matter the space is small or big, you will have to make it look welcoming, spacious and appealing to the passer-by.
Create the area to increase visibility The workshops and corporate event space that you get must be used to the maximum. The area should be attractive and not overcrowded as it will not hold the attention of the passer-by for long. You should create the area in such a way that visitors to the exhibition gets attracted and pulled towards your stall. Make sure to use banners that carry your company logo and name. You can use pop up displays and even flags to attract the crowd. Whatever you use, you should ensure that it quickly grabs the attention of the customers and they come to your stall to find out more about the products.
Conclusion If you are attending the exhibition for the very first time, then it would be better to hire the services of an exhibition contractor to set up your stall. They have years of experience and knowledge in setting up the stalls and will help in displaying your products in the stall in an attractive manner.
Quality standards implementation requires several steps and ongoing support from expert personnel. Any organization that registers for a certain quality standard certification needs to be guided on the steps to take to set processes in order. That helps in initial certification. However, there are ongoing requirements such as awareness among employees, training for auditors and implementors of the standards and so forth.
There are differences between certifying authorities and consultants who can help organizations to enroll and attain such certification. As the certifying authority needs to remain impartial at the time of conducting audits and issuing certification, usually they recommend third party bodies that organizations can consult. Many consultancies specialize in offering services with relation to different quality standards implementation for an organization. These services also make provision for transition in case of changes such as ISO 9001 transition.
When an organization approaches a consultant for aiding in certification for quality standards, the consultancy needs to be recognized to have the necessary expertise. Again, as there are different bodies of international quality standards, finding the right consultancy such as ISO 45001 consultant is crucial. Their expertise is required to help streamline business processes as per a certain standard requirement. They also help to train employees to understand what a quality standard entails and how it helps to better the processes of an organization. In depth streamlining of business processes also includes setting up departmental documents and guidelines as well as training auditors and implementations across the organization.
A consultant not only works with a client organization to ensure successful certification as per a certain quality standard, but helps the client organization to maintain compliance in subsequent audits that are held. Every certifying body conducts audits with the help of associated consultants. Hence, getting the help of a registered consultancy service to ensure that processes are in place for a business as per a quality standard is vital. Such consultancy services also offer associated resources such as training materials or modules at easy access to employees at client organizations.
Finding a reliable consultancy service for continuous support for quality standards implementation and recertification requirements is vital for any organization. Many such organizations provide online access to quality training courses that is an additional benefit. These modules allow employees to self learn and certify themselves in different roles as required. There are a series of training programs that are made mandatory by a quality standard and online courses make it possible for all such trainings to be covered at different levels.
With Women’s Day celebrations, you might wonder how the same can be used as a theme to make your women employees feels special. It is hard to deny that women make up a defining part of workforce for most modern workplaces. Even though many struggles with him and other family related responsibilities, most women juggle career responsibilities with equal ease. With high levels of competitiveness and loyalty, many are able to showcase qualities that make them indispensable in their workplace. Employers can use the special day commemorated to women as a day when they reach out to letting their women employees know that they are valued in the workplace.
Plan fun activitiesManagers could put together a plan for a special corporate movie screening in Singapore for women employees. This could be planned as a special outing or coupon could be given out to women to avail as per their convenience, even to go out on weekends with their partners. Taking the ladies out for drinks in the evening or a meal would also be a special way to commemorate this day.
Unique ideas every timeThe element of surprise needs to be built into the plan to celebrate Women’s Day in an office. Hence, every year there needs to be something unique planned for the women in the office. This could range from a surprise gift at their desk, the opportunity to take a half day off, spa or salon coupons to pamper them or an outdoor movie planned with event management services. In case a workplace is dominated by women employees, there could be a special party planned after working hours or during the weekend.
Seek the help of expertsIf you are racking your brains coming up with an event idea, there is no reason to fret. All you need to do is find an event management service or an event planner to help you out. Many corporates take the help of such services to organize different events that are required from time to time, whether for clients, vendors or for employees. Simply give your ideas and budget to your event planner and let them make the necessary arrangements. It is also possible to seek customized movie screening services at certain theaters. If a cinema in town offers such services, cash in on the same for convenient and entertaining ideas that can be used for different occasions. Not only can you have a special screening for women’s day, but also for other occasions and different groups of employees at a theatre that is conveniently located close to your office.
There are different kinds of additive manufacturing that have come into vogue in recent times. These can be grouped as per the base raw materials used and the methods used to create them. Additive manufacturing is usually done on metals and plastics as well as on other substances that can be put in the form of liquids, powders, filaments and sheets.
Steps in additive manufacturingThere are several sub processes involved in additive manufacturing, which is how a durable 3D printer for metal operates. Aerosol jetting or Inkjets, laser sintering and electronic beam melting are ways that raw materials are processed in additive manufacturing methods. This form of manufacturing is mostly common in three dimensional printers. The different processes in such manufacturing methods lead to the construction of physical objects which are based on three dimensional modeling done by computer programs. There is a marked difference in this manufacturing process as compared to traditional manufacturing methods. Traditional techniques such as machining, materials are removed from a work piece till desired shape is obtained.
Different kinds of additive manufacturing techniquesIn the category of additive manufacturing there are several subcategories. For instance, depending on the raw materials used, the additive manufacturing method will differ. Hence, there are diverse variations of such methods and techniques are defined as per the raw materials used to create different objects. For instance, in case of 3d printing in metal, there are two methods used, direct and indirect metal printing. For instance, when metals like aluminum or titanium are used, laser is used to sinter metal where the laser melts the metal after which additional metal is added layer by layer. Electronic beam melting is another process where metal powder is used which is melted with the help of an electron beam.
The myriad of usesAs the additive manufacturing technologies have evolved, so have the different machines which are used for creating different objects. The first methods invented were primarily to work with paper and plastic; today the same has been extended to other categories of printers that help to create metal objects. If you wish to explore the commercial possibilities of such manufacturing method, it is best to refer to several services that offer expertise and technology. You could even consider the cost options of purchasing a printer for personal or commercial use. However, the right training and expertise to operate such machines is also required. Hence, outsourcing your requirements often is the best solution that offers convenient and professional results that benefit your business in many ways.
As a student, you are supposed to be someone with an open mind, ready to absorb any information that comes your way, as you are future of the world! There are many different and interesting ways in which you can gather pieces of information all types and scopes, so being open minded and ready to learn is the first step you need to take to become a top notch student!
Reading newsFirstly, make reading news a daily habit. Reading is a good habit, and you ought to have heard this several different times. Make this a habit, and everything else will flow naturally! Reading the news is the way to keep up with the rest of the world, and updating yourself on everything that’s happening around you.
Talking to people Talking and discussing various topics with people of different ages, opinions and lives is by far the best way to get involved with the rest of the world and learn new things every day. There are different ways in which you can meet people, such as travelling, going to places and even taking part in global young leaders conference and similar gatherings. These people are highly intellectual, and you are bound to gather several different pieces of information that you can later contribute to the world and put to good use!
Experiencing culturesAnother option and idea is to take a break, visit another country and experience new cultures. The number of different things you will learn is bound to come in handy someday! It’s also an excellent way to de-stress. When you are a student, you will have to find several different ways to let go of that steam, so travelling and experiencing different traditions sounds both fun, and is also a way to learn! This might require a little bit of planning, but nothing too much.
Out of your comfort zoneThe best, but definitely not the easiest way of getting involved with everything different is to step out of your comfort zone. You can attend conferences such as national youth leadership forum and several others, as this is the way to get involved in a world that you may not be unfamiliar with, but yet manage to get through it and come out with a surreal experience!
These are a few ways to go about developing yourself, and getting involved with the rest of the world, without becoming too tired. Each individual students do this in different ways, and you can opt to do this in the way that you prefer.
Do you like playing game that is real and full of challenges. A new concept of entertainment has come now to give a thrilling experience to the players. Here, the players are left in a room alone with some elements. Now, the players have to try all his tricks to get out of that room in a limited time period and increase his/her score. Some elements are given in the room that will help him to fight with the enemies and overcome obstacles.
This is a new concept of gaming the game is popularly known as escape room. After the launch of the game, it has become very popular among the youngsters and those who are adventure lovers.
There is no harm in trying the gameYes, it is absolutely no harm in trying the game. Because, the game is secure and the player plays it under the monitoring of professionals. All over the world, there are many operators present who provide the platform to play this game.
As far as the safety and security is concerned, then playing the game live has no harm. It is just a fun game that has little thrill, but, it is completely safe for adults and children. There are many live games offered in the world that become a life threat to many. However, there is nothing such with the thrilling escape room games. in Singapore It is as safe as the online format of the game.
What happens in this game?The game can be played on mobile, if you want to know about it. The game is available on Google Play store with the name escape game. There are different stages present in it. In the game a person is locked in the room and given some clues and elements that can help him/her to come out of that room. The person has to use that element and to protect themselves from the enemies and come out of the room. Once the person is out of the room, he/she moves to the next level.
The difference between the mobile version of the game and live game is, in place of a player, you remain in the room and you have put all your efforts to come out of the room.
The game is very exciting and full of fun. You can visit the nearest place in the city who offer this game live and enjoy its format. The game is escape room games are made just give fun and no other thing to you.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone Download Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone is a myth novel written by means of British author J. k. Rowling. The first novel in the Harry Potter collection and Rowling’s debut novel. It follows Read More …
Fantasy, Harry Potter, Home, Seriesharry potter 1 pdf, harry potter and the philosopher's stone, harry potter and the philosopher's stone book, harry potter and the philosopher's stone full movie, harry potter and the philosopher's stone movie, harry potter and the sorcerer's stone, harry potter and the sorcerer's stone book, harry potter and the sorcerer's stone full movie, harry potter book 1, harry potter philosopher's stone, philosopher's stone13 Comments
To counter this obviously life threatening dilemma, those within the company of creating cash, even at the expense of children or those with a physical handicap, grasped the mettle and came up with the concept of insoles that might improve the height, these insoles have become recognized as shoe lifts insoles as they give the same results as women's high heel shoes, lifting the heel and adding a certain quantity of height
shoe lifts insoles can be excellent for growing height and giving one a little confidence increase but they will by no means be used in the olympics or perhaps a title bout unless worn by a smaller than typical judge or commentator, they might provide you with an edge inside a competitive job interview, they might attract much more female attention than you as soon as had but all of this may just be within the mind, a feeling of superiority more than your previous shorter self due to the additional height afforded you by your humble shoe lifts insoles
100% Brand New ,All of Cubic Zirconia are Inlayed by our Workers Who have experience more than 3 Years
After making our review we ask God's forgiveness and inquire what corrective measures should be taken.
A recent study published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine shows that keeping a food diary may double your weight loss efforts.
Access hundreds of thousands of recipes that are healthy and easy to make. Get full nutrition info for every recipe and track with one click! Today's Featured Recipe: Warm Spinach Salad with Mushrooms Visit SparkRecipes.com
One of my favorite times of day to run is in the early morning before the rest of the world wakes. It’s quiet and gives me time to think before the craziness of my day begins. I prefer to run when the sun is already up, but at certain times of the year, that becomes more difficult. When I do head out in the dark, my first priority is safety. Although I never assume that cars can see me, I try to make myself as visible as possible.
I hear of too many runners, walkers and bikers out with no lights, no identification, wearing dark colors and expecting that everything will be fine and that cars will gladly move out of their way. Accidents happen all the time, but you can reduce the chances they will happen to you. Here are some of the products I recommend to help you stay safe and visible when exercising in the dark.
I’ve used this light for a number of years. It easily clips to your shirt, hat or wherever is most comfortable. The light is very bright (so put it somewhere you won’t have to see it flashing), and traffic will have no trouble seeing it. Depending on the conditions, sometimes I’ll use two: one for oncoming traffic and one for cars or bikes coming up behind me.
Hats are a nice option when you don’t feel the need for a light (or just want extra visibility) but want to be seen. Not only will a neon all-over color or a reflective line help with visibility in the early morning or at night, they're also great for protecting your face from the harsh sun on bright days.
A vest like this one is lightweight and won’t get in the way as you're walking, running or biking in the dark. It also has a little tag in the front where you can put your contact information, in case of emergency. I always thought a vest would be cumbersome until I tried it. I don't even notice I’m wearing this one.
This tape allows you to draw attention to any part of you or your equipment. I find that the majority of my running clothes are black, making me nearly invisible to oncoming traffic at night. I love that I can put this tape on any piece of clothing and still get the safety I need.
These are especially good for runners and walkers, since your arms are constantly moving. I find these easily draw attention to me, and I can wear them in a variety of conditions.
A jacket like this one is nice because it can also double as protection from wind, rain or snow if necessary. I prefer something lightweight and breathable with pockets that zip so that I have a place to keep my keys and identification.
I have a small I.D. that clips to my running shoe. The reflective clip outlines my contact information as well as an emergency phone number for my husband. It’s so important to carry some kind of identification, whether you’re out walking in the middle of a sunny day or on a rainy morning before the sun comes up. Should something unexpected happen along your route, you want people to know who you are, especially if you have any medical conditions.
In addition to wearing the right products to help you stay safe and visible out on the roads, always make sure you’re aware of your surroundings. If you wear headphones, make sure they are turned down low enough so you can hear oncoming traffic. Use crosswalks, sidewalks and bike paths whenever possible. Always tell someone where you’re going and what time you will be coming back. Most of these things are common sense, but it’s easy to forget when you’re busy trying to get out the door. Be a good example and take the time to make sure you’re safe—you never know who it might be helping.
What are some things you do or wear to make sure you stay safe and visible when exercising outdoors?
We hope you love these products as much as we do! SparkPeople may collect a small percentage of revenue from the links on this page. Prices subject to change.
Road ID no longer has the supernova lights. I went to purchase additional ones and buy additional batteries to discover they no longer sell them. That makes me sad. I clip one to my pocket and one to my dog's harness since we walk so early in the morning. I also wear a reflective vest. Report
With all the types of reflective stuff out there, there is no reason not to be seen at night. Report
We live in an area where black seems to be the color of choice when walking day or night. I don't understand the reasoning there. Report
I'm an early morning wogger. So I always have something reflective as well as a head lamp for safety. Report
I use the head lamps when I have to be out after dark, but I am on private property mostly. If you have oncoming traffic of any kind (pedestrian, cyclist or motor vehicle) it can cause problems unless you adjust it deeply down angled (also good if you are like me and need to see where you will be putting your feet to decrease falls) and orient away from the other individuals or briefly turn it off to prevent blinding others. Report
I started walking last fall and even continued thru the winter which is a real first for me. Have become more adamant about doing it now. The few times I was determined to get that 2 miles done before dark on the trails didn't work. My only save was the flashlight on the cell phone. Your products really left on impression on me so maybe some day. For now, I make sure that it is done when there will be plenty of light from the sun. Not die hard enough to do the dark time......yet.LOL Report
Thanks for this article about Fitness Accessories. I plan to get a couple of them for gifts for my nephews. AWESOME!! Report
Interesting product ideals. Never thought much about being seen due to I don't go when no light. However, a few times was caught out on hike n bike in dark before could get to van. Used the flashlight on the cell phone. These items make more sense. Report
Those safety equipment is great, however, how can you hear an ER vehicle if you have headsets on and listening to the loud music of this day and age??? Report
Another product that is fantastic, is reflective bands for 4 legged running partners. I ran early and have a black dog that runs with me. So they have been a godsend. Report
No portion of this website can be used without the permission of SparkPeople or its authorized affiliates.
SPARKPEOPLE is a registered trademark of SparkPeople, Inc. in the United States, European Union, Canada, and Australia. All rights reserved.
Madison Scott acquires her sisters BF unfathomable in her a-hole Madison Scott acquires her sisters BF unfathomable in her booty
Check out our new website for more incredible documentaries: HD and ad-free. https://goo.gl/LwMcmY Psychopaths probably make up around 20 per cent of the prison population in both the USA and Britain. They are four times more likely to re-offend than other released prisoners, yet they are just as likely to get parole. Little is known about the minds of psychopaths and what is really behind the horrific things they do – but Equinox tackles the subject in this insightful documentary. Professor Robert Hare – consulted by the FBI and British Home Office – is the undisputed oracle on the psychopathic mind. In Psychopaths, he reveals stunning new evidence behind their behaviour, and suggests people should look to the brain for clues and not bad upbringing. This programme examines the Psychopathy Checklist, IQ distribution and blending in to social norms; and reports the peculiar phenomenon that treatment programmes make psychopaths re-offend earlier and more aggressively. Want to watch more full-length Documentaries? Click here: http://bit.ly/1GOzpIu Follow us on Twitter for more - https://twitter.com/realstoriesdocs Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/RealStoriesChannel Instagram - @realstoriesdocs Content licensed from Digital Rights Group (DRG). Any queries, please contact us at: [email protected] Produced by Union Pictures LTD
Dr. Soper gives a lecture on using the structured query language (SQL) to work with databases. Topics include CREATE, ALTER, and DROP statements, SELECT, INSERT INTO, UPDATE, and DELETE FROM statements, subqueries, and inner and outer joins.
Learn how Oracle Health Sciences Data Management Workbench (DMW) can be used to optimize the management of clinical data from InForm and other sources. -- Data Management Workbench (DMW), an application that was recently introduced as part of Oracle's life sciences data warehousing suite, is designed to combine data from various clinical data sources, such as InForm, and transform it into standard data models. In addition to the many features DMW offers, the solution enables you to run cross-data source edit checks and perform data reviews. Please join BioPharm's Mike Grossman, vice president of clinical data warehousing and analytics, for this complimentary 60-minute webinar in which he will demonstrate how DMW loads, transforms, and cleans trial data from InForm 6.0 and a central lab. He will also show how to use the data for downstream reporting and analysis. To view this webinar in its entirety, please visit: https://cc.readytalk.com/r/xzgb9ola6ji1&eom. Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/BioPharmSystems Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/BioPharmSystems LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/companies/biopharm-systems-inc Google+: https://plus.google.com/+BioPharm
To sign up for announcements about new videos and exclusive discounts, fill out this form: https://iamtimcorey.com/general-sign-up (your email will be kept safe and you will not be spammed). This video will teach you how to use log4net without fear. Instead of copying and pasting confusing config files that cause more problems than they solve, watch this video and you will understand how to make log4net do exactly what you want. You will be taken through step-by-step through the following sections: 1. Getting Started - installing log4net, initial configuration and getting it running in your code. 2. .NET 4.5 Changes - What additional options you have if you are using .NET 4.5. 3. Appenders - How to log to different data repositories like SQL Server, text files and more. 4. Filters - How to log only the data you want to capture while ignoring the rest. This will cover both the simple options as well as the more advanced possibilities. 5. Log Patterns - Learn how to capture a number of different pieces of data, what the pitfalls are of some data points and how to send data to your data source. 6. Advanced Logging - Take logging to the next level by capturing custom data in your own fields. Even capture data at the time of the error without any extra configuration. 7. Wrap Up - Review what has been learned and identify how to move forward with log4net. This video course is easy for a beginner to get started with but even if you didn't know anything coming in, if you follow the steps outlined in the video, you will become an advanced log4net user by the end of the video. The entire video is a hands-on demonstration of not just what to do but how to do it. You will be able to follow along with the video with ease. Also provided is a link to the source code for this video. The source code has been tagged at the end of each section to indicate where you can revert to in order to see the code at any point in the video. Course Resource: Course code: https://github.com/TimCorey/Log4netTutorial log4net Code Project article: http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/140911/log-net-Tutorial log4net homepage: http://logging.apache.org/log4net/ Video Quick Use Guide: 4:35 - Step 1: Add log4net package 5:25 - Step 2: Add log4net configuration 18:54 - Step 3: Add log4net assembly 20:47 - Step 4: Create log4net log reference 25:30 - Step 5: Log messages 27:56 - Creating LogHelper 32:37 - Appenders 1:04:46 - Filters 1:14:13 - Conversion pattern
Link for all dot net and sql server video tutorial playlists http://www.youtube.com/user/kudvenkat/playlists Link for slides, code samples and text version of the video http://csharp-video-tutorials.blogspot.com/2014/05/part-5-how-to-handle-model-changes-in.html In this video we will discuss, how to handle model changes after the database is already created. This is continuation to Part 4. Please watch Part 4 before proceeding. Based on Employee class Entity Framework has auto-generated table tblEmployees. By default, an error will be thrown if the model changes after the database is created. This is because the Model and Database are no longer in sync. To check if the model has changed since the database was created, entity framework uses _MigrationHistory table that is auto-generated. To fix this error, we have to tell entity framework what to do when the model changes. Include the following code in Global.asax file. Here, we are telling the entity framework to drop and recreate database every time the model changes. Database.SetInitializer(new DropCreateDatabaseIfModelChanges[EmployeeDBContext]()); Another option you have here is, to drop and recreate the database always. To drop and recreate the database always we would change the code in Application_Start() method as shown below. Database.SetInitializer(new DropCreateDatabaseAlways[EmployeeDBContext]()); Please Note: Database class is present in System.Data.Entity namespace. Run the application, and notice that the database is dropped and recreated. But the webform does not display any data, as there is no data in Departments and tblEmployees tables. For now let's manually populate the tables using SQL script. Referesh the webform. Notice that JobTitle is not displayed on the WebForm. To fix this add a boundfield to the GridView control that displays Employees details.
Swirling and spiraling energy (vortex energy) has been known to be a source of healing and transformation to ancient peoples around the world. We see the symbol of the spiral in so many places, including historical sites such as NewGrange in Ireland OR on famous paintings such as Starry Night by Van Gogh OR in the spiral made by our hand when we are playing a Tibetan bowl. The famous Vortexes of Sedona are spirals of energy on the earth. Some people underestimate them (intellectualizing them), while others overestimate them (making them into something of greater power than ourselves). Vortexes are actually spaces of multi-dimensionality, wherein we might experience healing, creative insights, visions, or any type of miracle. Sedona has the highest concentration of vortexes in one place on the planet, which is why it causes so many people here to become so unstable. Major vortexes are like planetary chakras on the earth. What some people don't know is that these planetary vortexes can move at times to new locations--if the previous site was no longer conducive to the energy and intention of the vortex. Often these whirlwinds of energies are very unstable. Any time we do God-centered ceremony in one place, we are creating small vortexes of Light, that the Earth Mother then connects together into an elaborate grid of light all over the planet. This makes it easier for all of us to rise to new levels. As we fill with Love, compassion, and forgiveness, we create our own sacred site right within ourselves. So, be in the moment, center in the Love of God, and bring that vortex of light wherever you go. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Subscribe to this channel for new videos every week: https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=grailproductions ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Help us caption & translate this video! https://amara.org/v/gmA9/ #MichaelMirdad #Spiritual #ChristConsciousness -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- Please watch: "Seeing Beyond the Veil of Illusion" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fO8mDk4SXzs -~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
BigQuery is a different data warehouse, permitting new approaches to data modeling. To get the most out of this system, Dan McClary and Daniel Mintz examine where old assumptions of schema design come from, as well as how BigQuery allows them to challenge those assumptions to produce data models which are easier to query and more performant. Additionally, they examine this parallel evolution of assumptions in Business Intelligence, and how modern tools such as Looker can take full advantage BigQuery's flexible data models. Missed the conference? Watch all the talks here: https://goo.gl/c1Vs3h Watch more talks about Big Data & Machine Learning here: https://goo.gl/OcqI9k
The Аura is an electromagnetic field, that surrounds every creature that exists. A form of energy emanating from your body, your aura can tell a lot about you, from your personality to your innermost emotions and conflicts. Your thoughts, emotions, actions, and even dietary choices can impact the aura. The aura is something like a shield. A shield can get dented, damaged, and worn out. So can your aura! The aura can absolutely have holes and weak points in it. That's what makes seeing auras so important. A weakened aura makes you susceptible to negative energy. Truly, the ability to see an aura isn't a novelty, but a very practical thing to be able to do. Eventually, you'll be trained well enough to see when someone is sick, when someone is mad or happy, and even the future intentions of people. Check out the video below to learn more about seeing auras. Information from: www.thiaoouba.com Aura Color Pictures from: www.colorreadings.com 💜 Like and Subscribe if you enjoyed the video ! 💜 Join our Kingdom on: 🌀 Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/universalloving 🌀 Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/spiritualkingdom/ 🌀 Twitter: https://twitter.com/universeinsideu 💫 Daily videos on interesting topics like psychology, philosophy, spirituality and much more. Join us and expand your knowledge 💫 !
With every new Apple OS comes new features and new challenges. macOS High Sierra has improved security features that now require the user to enable the system extension for any new driver being installed to the operating system. We'll show you how to do this in just a few simple steps.
Seth MacFarlane along with his behind-the-scenes creative team stopped by Google LA to discuss the making of the hit FOX TV show "The Orville". Moderated by Kevin Vlk. Panel includes: Seth MacFarlane (Show Creator, Writer, Executive Producer and Star) Liz Heldens (Executive Producer, Writer) David A Goodman (Executive Producer) Brannon Braga (Executive Producer) Howard Berger (Make-Up/Prosthetics) Joseph Porro (Wardrobe/Costumes) The Orville is on FOX Thursdays at 9/10 central. About THE ORVILLE Down on his luck after a bitter divorce, Planetary Union officer Ed Mercer (Seth MacFarlane) finally gets his chance to command his own ship. Determined to prove his worth and start a new chapter, Ed discovers the first wrinkle in his plan when the First Officer assigned to his ship is his ex-wife, Kelly Grayson (Adrianne Palicki). As the new commander, Ed assembles a qualified -- but eccentric -- crew, including his best friend, Gordon (Scott Grimes), who has problems with authority but is the best helmsman in the fleet; Dr. Claire Finn (Penny Johnson Jerald); Bortus (Peter Macon), an alien from a single-sex species; Isaac (Mark Jackson), an artificial life-form from a machine society; navigator John Lamarr (J. Lee); Alara Kitan (Halston Sage), a young, inexperienced security officer; and Yaphit (Norm MacDonald), a gelatinous creature. Check out more videos and clips at: https://www.youtube.com/theorville
Cesar Hidalgo Why Information Grows: The Evolution of Order, from Atoms to Economies Recorded in London, June 2015 About the book: In Why Information Grows, rising star Cesar Hidalgo offers a radical interpretation of global economics. What is economic growth? And why, historically, has it occurred in only a few places? Previous efforts to answer these questions have focused on institutions, geography, finances, and psychology. But MIT professor Cesar Hidalgo argues that in order to fully grasp the nature of economic growth we need to transcend the social sciences and turn to the science of information, networks and complexity. The growth of economies, he explains, is deeply connected with the growth of order - or information. At first glance, the universe seems hostile to order. Thermodynamics dictates that over time, order will disappear. But thermodynamics also has loopholes that promote the growth of information in pockets. Our cities are such pockets where information grows, but they are not all the same. For every Silicon Valley, Tokyo, and London, there are dozens of places with underdeveloped economies. Why does the US economy outstrip Brazil's, and Brazil's that of Chad? Why did the technology corridor along Boston's Route 128 languish while Silicon Valley blossomed? In each case, the key is how people, companies, and the networks they form process information - it is all about their knowledge, knowhow and imagination. As Hidalgo compellingly shows, economies are made of networks of people and society is a collective computer. The problem of economic development is in fact the problem of making these networks more powerful. A radical new interpretation of global economics, Why Information Grows overturns traditional assumptions about the development of economies and the origins of wealth and takes a crucial step toward making economics less the dismal science and more the insightful one. The book can be purchase here: https://play.google.com/store/books/details/C%C3%A9sar_Hidalgo_Why_Information_Grows?id=hgOyBQAAQBAJ&pcampaignid=MKT-AC-global-none-all-OO-oth-bk-GoogleTalks-Jul1415-1
"The Game of Life and How to Play It" by Florence Scovel Shinn - Positive Thinking Audiobook This is one of the greatest books about the power of positive thinking ever written, so listen to it carefully!!! It's a life changing book. Full interactive audiobook (public domain) "The Game of Life (and How to Play It)" by Florence Scovel Shinn, with read along text and interactive (clickable) table of contents. All materials used in this project are in the public domain. The Game of Life and How to Play It, published in 1925, teaches the philosophies of its author, Florence Scovel Shinn. The book holds that ignorance of, or carelessness with the application of various 'Laws of Metaphysics' can bring about undesirable life events. This is one of the most popular books about the power of positive thinking ever written. Learn how to have positive attitude towards life and learn all health benefits of thinking and being positive.
** Flat 20% Off (Use Code: YOUTUBE20) AWS Architect Certification Training - https://www.edureka.co/cloudcomputing ** This AWS Tutorial Video ( Amazon AWS Blog Series: https://goo.gl/qQwZLz ) will give you an introduction to AWS and its domains. Later it will explain in detail about the AWS Services with an interesting hands-on. This AWS tutorial is ideal for those who want to become AWS Certified Solutions Architect. Amazon AWS Video Tutorial Playlist https://goo.gl/9fQX6J In this AWS training video, you will understand : 6:36 What is Cloud? 11:56 What Is AWS? 12:52 Different Domains in AWS? 1:25:51 AWS Pricing? 1:29:40 Demo and UseCase Subscribe to our Edureka YouTube channel to get video updates: https://goo.gl/6ohpTV --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/edureka_learning/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/edurekaIN/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/edurekain LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/edureka ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ #awstraining #cloudcomputing #awstutorial How it Works? 1. This is a 5 Week Instructor led Online Course. 2. Course consists of 30 hours of online classes, 30 hours of assignment, 20 hours of project 3. We have a 24x7 One-on-One LIVE Technical Support to help you with any problems you might face or any clarifications you may require during the course. 4. You will get Lifetime Access to the recordings in the LMS. 5. At the end of the training you will have to complete the project based on which we will provide you a Verifiable Certificate! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - About the Course AWS Architect Certification Training from Edureka is designed to provide in depth knowledge about Amazon AWS architectural principles and its components. The sessions will be conducted by Industry practitioners who will train you to leverage AWS services to make the AWS cloud infrastructure scalable, reliable, and highly available. This course is completely aligned to AWS Architect Certification - Associate Level exam conducted by Amazon Web Services. During this AWS Architect Online training, you'll learn: 1. AWS Architecture and different models of Cloud Computing 2. Compute Services: Amazon EC2, Auto Scaling and Load Balancing, AWS Lambda, Elastic Beanstalk 3. Amazon Storage Services : EBS, S3 AWS, Glacier, CloudFront, Snowball, Storage Gateway 4. Database Services: RDS, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, RedShift 5. Security and Identity Services: IAM, KMS 6. Networking Services: Amazon VPC, Route 53, Direct Connect 7. Management Tools: CloudTrail, CloudWatch, CloudFormation, OpsWorks, Trusty Advisor 8. Application Services: SES, SNS, SQS Course Objectives On completion of the AWS Architect Certification training, learner will be able to: 1. Design and deploy scalable, highly available, and fault tolerant systems on AWS 2. Understand lift and shift of an existing on-premises application to AWS 3. Ingress and egress of data to and from AWS 4. Identifying appropriate use of AWS architectural best practices 5. Estimating AWS costs and identifying cost control mechanisms Who should go for this course? This course is designed for students and IT professionals who want to pursue a career in Cloud Computing. The course is a best fit for: 1. Professionals interested in managing highly-available and fault-tolerant enterprise and web-scale software deployments. 2. Professionals who want Project Experience in migrating and deploying cloud based solutions. 3. DevOps professionals. Pre-requisites There are no specific prerequisites for this course. Any professional who has an understanding of IT Service Management can join this training. There is no programming knowledge needed and no prior AWS experience required. Please write back to us at [email protected] or call us at +91 88808 62004 for more information. Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/edurekaIN/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/edurekain LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/edureka Customer Reviews: Joga Rao, Principal Data Architect at AEMO says: “I am a Customer at Edureka. I attended the AWS Architect Certification Training, I found the training to be very informative. The course content was excellent, just what I was after. The trainer was very knowledgeable. I found him to be very patient, he listened and answered everyone's questions. I especially liked the way he repeated and summarized the previous day's leanings at the start of each new day. I also liked his interactive style of training. Edureka demonstrated the highest standard of professionalism in delivering the course content and their support to me in helping complete the project has been exceptional. Thanks Edureka! ”
Cute girls groups. This hot chick Monica was willing to bathe and get suntanned on this sunny summer day that’s why she invited three guys to make her a company on the river coast. Could she ever imagine that these frisky guys would want something more than just sitting and talking about nothing? Well, she very quickly found out that when the young boys see a charming chick in tiny bikini everything they can think about is hard fuck! They started pounding her in the river and then moved to a more comfortable place where all three in turns stuck their peckers in her wonderful mouth and then bent her over and diddled in pussy and ass without any mercy trying to reach the peek of pleasure and cover the skin with loads of semen. Cute girls are made to be fucked)) And the cuter they are, the better and dirtier fuck session can be expected. HardFuckTales can offer you something really out of the ordinary – handsome beefy guys stuff their rock hard dicks in the deep wet mouths then pulsating pussies and tight asses of hot spoiled girls in public places which makes the action even more exciting. Not to be missed!
Categories:One On OneBig BoobsInterracial18+ TeenAsianFacial Cumshot Latina Swallow Tattoo Brunette Blonde Bubble Butt Overview:Now that theyre finally out of Mom and Dads house, they can fuck whoever they wanna fuck, all day long, and thats just what they do! Watch these naughty coeds skip class and show some ass, among other things as they suck and fuck their way through their higher education years
Polyolefin wheels are a lightweight, economical, hard tread wheel that withstands hard impacts and abusive conditions. They provide floor protection, are non-marking and non-conductive. Resistant to water, oils, grease, solvents and many chemicals.
With respect to climate change, there is an increasing attention in scientific and policy making communities of weather-related disaster risks. Moreover, there is increasing need to assess costs and benefits of climate adaptation at scales beyond river basins, in order to set priorities for action and financing in the context of the EU Adaptation Strategy at the European scale. The goal of this research as part of the FP7 BASE project is to develop a riverine flood risk model that can be applied at Pan-European scale and that is able to project changes in flood risk due to climate change and socio-economic developments in the future. For this purpose, the global flood hazard estimation method developed by Winsemius et al. (2013), that produces return period flood inundation datasets at 30 arc second resolution, for present day (EU WATCH) and future climate forcing (IPCC scenarios RCP4.5 and 8.5). These datasets are used for the land-used based assessment of flood impacts. In addition, the current standard of flood protection as firstly applied in Jongman et al. (2014) is considered in this European flood risk model. Compared to previous studies, the high resolution of both hazard and exposure input data as well as the use of the CLC 2006 dataset and the consideration of GDP up to the NUTS3 level allow for a detailed assessment of current and future flood risks. The results show the expected changes in flood risk in the future. For example, on a NUTS2 level, flood risk increases in some regions up to 179% (between the baseline scenario 1960-1999 and time slice 2049). On country level flood risk increases up to 60% for selected climate models. Further results of this flood risk analysis on a European scale will be shown at the conference. The results will be critically discussed under the aspect of major uncertainties in both future flood hazards as well as in the applied depth-damage functions. As part of the current research, the results from this study are compared with flood risk assessments on either local or regional scales. The findings from this analysis will be also presented at the conference.
A significant portion of the world´s population lives in coastal cities and their main economic activities occur along the coast and are heavily dependent on good water quality. Deciding which is the best alternative in the treatment of the wastewater is a complex technical and financial decision in order to achieve the quality standards required by legislation. Aiming to assist designers and environmental control offices, this work will demonstrate the effects that different effluents and discharge configurations have on marine waters. The method uses CORMIX, a hydrodynamic modeling software which is based on an integral method, capable of predicting the geometric characteristics and dilution of the initial mixing zone. The model was run in a time-series mode, representing one data month with the change in the environment and effluent characteristics which occur each time step, with the field data obtained for the project of the submarine outfalls of Cartagena, located in Colombia. This series was simulated by CorTime, a post-processing submodule of CORMIX, for nine study scenarios. There were three effluent types (sewage, cooling water and industrial effluents) discharged by three different discharge configurations (multiport diffusers, submerged single tube and channel with free surface). The results obtained with the time series were representative to the field data used and help analyzing the plume behavior and variability of each scenario. The best dilution occurred to the multiport diffusers (198 _ S _ 1839) with well distribuited plumes until the depth, by the major contact between the effluent and the marine waters. The other discharges presented dilutions under 100, with lower efficiency, thin plumes (less than 2,4 m), concentrated on the surface (sewage) or on the sea bottom (industrial effluent). These cases need greater investment in effluent treatment, they cause greater environmental impact, visual aspect concerns on the surface and the ecosystem on the sea bottom. The plume of the onshore channel discharge configuration always reached the coast, thus having the potential of problems related to bathing water quality.
The Recorder disposed of the usual number of cases of drunk yesterday. Nothing further than a few such cases and some slight disturbances of the peace were brought before him.
A married woman, who came here lately from Cincinnati with her husband, has taken up her abode in a house of ill fame.
Yesterday forenoon a team, belonging to John Warneke, baker, ran away on Grand avenue, literally smashing wagon, bread, crackers and everything, except Mr. George Kump, an old man, seventy-two years of age, who was driving, and who escaped with but a slight wound on his face and hand. It was somewhat amusing, after the old man had been dragged from the debris, to hear the expression, that he would not have cared for a broken bone or two on his poor old body, but the broken wagon seemed to worry the old man not a little. We are glad that Mr. Kump escaped with so slight injuries, for no one would have held the reins as coolly and fearlessly as did the old man in that fearful drive of a couple of blocks.
There was a large turnout at the celebration by the colored people, and many white people, of the Fifteenth Amendment yesterday. The first day of August has been settled on for these demonstrations, because it is the anniversary of emancipation in the West Indies, and that event is regarded by the colored people as the first flow of the tremendous tide which has culminated in almost universal freedom of the black race.
Between the hours of ten and eleven o'clock the procession headed by Volrath's brass band, and composed of the Benevolent Society, the Grant and Colfax Clubs, and carriages containing the speakers and others, marched through the principal streets and then proceeded to Ranson's Grove, where a stand had been erected and where the people had innumerable booths at which ice cream, lemonade and other good things were dispensed. A cannon on the ground was used at intervals and after much music and personal gratulations, the speakers were called to the stand. There were about 500 persons present. The stand was occupied by Col. D. S. Twitchell, Col. Nugent, Mr. J. E. Marsh, J. Milton Turner, and Rev. Strothers, the Chaplain of the Benevolent Society. After a fervent and eloquent prayer by the chaplain, Mr. J. E. Marsh spoke eloquently before introducing the day's featured speaker, noted orator J. Milton Turner. The Hon. Mr. Turner spoke learnedly and eloquently, exhibiting from history the fact that all nations had something to celebrate. Their foundations, their escape from tyranny, or slavery, their martial feats, the dawn of more perfect religion, &c., &c. Space prevents us from further elaboration on a speech that will long be remembered by the appreciative audience.
Allfix Fastener’s Pty Ltd are specialists in quality fixings and associated products servicing the construction industry since 1989 who are locally owned and operated. We stock an extensive range of fasteners, from self drilling screws, concrete anchoring, nuts, bolts, washers, hardware products, sealants, adhesives, related ancillaries and engineering / industrial products. Our team services the South East corner of Queensland extending to Northern NSW.
We are a member of the Construction Supply Specialists Group. CSS Group is a buying group that enables us to offer our customers a very large range of quality products at very competitive prices. Our team of highly experienced staff is dedicated to providing the customer with ‘Task Friendly’ advice and exceptional service for all your fastening and industrial needs.
Zachary seems to be the most internationally (in)famous of the Rotterdam Hopes. Also spelled Sacherij.
Officially on the Rotterdam exchange they were originally known as Archibald en Henry Hope, and after 1725 Archibald, Jn. en Isaac Hope.
For Zachary Hope as the merchant referred to by Trevor see Georgia Colonial Records, vol. XXI, pp.100, 418; ibid., vol. IV, p. 672;
South Carolina Historical and GenealogicalMagazine, vol. XXI (1920), p. 100; Diffenderfer, Redemptioners (Lancaster, 1900),
Rotterdam DTB: Bruidegom Zacharij Hope , jongeman , wonend: Rotterdam Bruid Agatha van Vlierden , jongedochter , wonend: Rotterdam Plaats Rotterdam Datum trouwen 21-08-1737 Datum ondertrouw 01-08-1737 Opmerkingen Aangetekend ten huijse van de bruid op de Goudsewe
Take note: On some contemporary cars, the powertrain Command module (PCM) — the motor's and transmission's Laptop — regulates voltage fee fed from the alternator. With this sort of technique in position, your support or repair guide will inform you which kind of assessments you can do in your own personal garage.
When you ground the tab the motor ought to idle down mainly because it arrives below load, so you should not even have to look at your voltmeter to check out if bypassing the regulator built the alternator charge.
The result could be a complicated mess - or with the quite minimum leaves us by using a scenario a bit more complex than "unplug this unit and plug this one particular in instead"!
There isn't any sense in hobbling along with an alternator that's not Functioning thoroughly. It'll fail eventually and depart you stranded. Get a bad alternator changed the moment you can. Your company technician will put in an alternator that fulfills your maker's specs.
An overcharging alternator can "boil a battery dry", so In the event your battery gets very low on elecrolyte, earning you increase drinking water to it, or when you motor vehicle "eats batteries", you might have an overcharging alternator.
STATOR: It fits concerning The 2 halves of the alternator Along with the rotor spinning in the center of it. The stator has many poles wound with copper wire. The poles are in groups of three, furnishing three period recent.
Rebuilt alternators never include a pulley so you have to swap yours over. Bosch did not offer A great deal area to undo the pulley right up until they change into the later on design and style rotor shaft Together with the 8mm hex keyhole in the long run. The nut is only held on by 29 ft.
Some voltage regulators takes advantage of this being a reference to regulate the alternator output. Normally the brushes (as well as rotor subject) are driven by way of a different list of diodes. Delco alternators have such a set of diodes, identified as a TRIODE ASSEMBLY: It is 3 diodes in one
For the ones that are interested in somewhat more technical explanation of what is going on in an alternator, let us go around it once more but this time with a bit more technical depth.
Now, we've been only keen on a small component of the output - the +12V aspect. So, if we filter out The remainder (This can be the work on the rectifier which we shall analyze Soon), we end up with valuable output that looks similar to the part previously mentioned the pink dashed line With this pic:
The "S" terminal could be linked externally to the voltage, including the key energy distribution position, to perception the voltage being controlled.
To relieve access with the tinware screws take out this tube and have it out of how. FI designs use a pastic tube though carb versions use corrugated paper hose.
Most every baywindow bus Geared up by having an alternator arrived by using a 55A (770W) design from Bosch but should you experienced a camper or bus Geared up with Go To This Web-site clean air enthusiasts plus a BA6 Eberspacher gas heater, the factory put within a 70A (980W) design.
In the event you are unsuccessful to align the slip ring and brushes they could make bad Speak to and put on abnormally. Commonly this is not an issue to get a rebuilder who will flip or switch the slip rings being a make any difference of course so if you forget to just take the suitable measurements you will have to revisit your neighborhood rebuilder to help you reassemble it.
mozzarella, preferably buffalo-milk mozzarella, cut into as many 1/4-inch slices as there are eggplant patties to cover
When the oven is hot, wash the eggplants, keeping them whole and untrimmed. Place them on the uppermost rack of the preheated oven, with a baking pan on a lower rack to collect any drippings. Bake until tender, when a toothpick will penetrate them without resistance, about 40 minutes, depending on their size. Take the eggplants out of the oven and as soon as they are cool enough to handle, peel them, and Cut them into several large pieces. Put the pieces in a pasta colander set over a deep dish. The eggplant should shed most of its liquid, a process that should take about 15 minutes and one which You call encourage by gently squeezing the pieces.
Chop the eggplant flesh very fine and combine it in a bowl with the bread crumbs, parsley, garlic, egg, grated Parmesan, salt, and pepper. Mix thoroughly to obtain a uniform blend of ingredients. Taste and correct for salt and pepper, Shape the mixture with your hands into a number of patties about 2 inches in diameter and 1/2 inch thick, spreading them out or the Counter or on a platter.
Pour enough vegetable oil into a frying pan to come 1/2 inch up the sides, and turn on the heat to high. When the oil is very hot, turn the patties on both sides in the flour, and slip them into the pan. Do not put in any more at one time than will fit loosely, without crowding the pan. When they have formed a nice dark crust on one side, turn them, do the other side, then use a slotted spoon or spatula to transfer them to a cooling rack to drain or to a platter lined with paper towels. Taste to correct for salt. Serve either hot or lukewarm.
Choose a baking dish that can accommodate all the patties without overlapping, smear it with butter, and put in the fried eggplant patties. Cover each patty with a slice of mozzarella.
Place the dish on the uppermost rack of the preheated oven. When the mozzarella melts, take the dish out of the oven and bring to the table promptly.
Welcome to Grapevine Blog - first Bulgarian blog for professional discussions dedicated to the internal communications practice and the people who manage it.If you share this professional passion, dont hesitate to actively participate in our forum.
Keep sharing ideas .... Your valuable ideas will help newbies to grew up into professionals..... This ideas will make newbies to become more efficient in the field...
Jakob Kudsk Steensen is a Danish artist and art director based in New York, specialized in VR and interactive media installations. Through his practice, Steensen is concerned with how imagination, technology and ecology intertwine by developing futuristic virtual simulations of existing real-world landscapes. His work is at the forefront of real-time rendered virtual environments, and he develops projects through collaborations with science, technology and natural science divisions. His art has recently been exhibited at Carnegie Museum of Art, The Moving Image Fair, NYC, MAXXI, Museum of Modern Art, Museum of Modern Art, and as an art director, Steensen’s work has been shown at Sundance and TriBeCa film festival. His work has been featured on Artnet, The Art Newspaper, Hyperallergic, Spike Art Quaterly, ARTREPORT, Politiken, Information, Worm, NEO2 and TSOEG. He has received awards from the Danish Arts Foundation, The Augustinus Foundation, and Lumen Arts Price. He has been artist in residence at Bemis Center for Contemporary Art, AADK, Centra Negra, MASS MoCA, BRIC and Mana Contemporary.
Jakob Kudsk Steensen is currently a 2017-2018 member of NEW INC, a technology and culture incubator by The NEW MUSEUM, in NYC.
Synopsis: Living in an alternative Earth, Isabelle and her sister, Alijandra, face upheaval in their lives when their father, a respected dragontamer, becomes an outlaw. The girls and their mother must go on the run to save themselves. While on the run, the girls come across a very sick dragon who they begin to heal. What mystical powers does this dragon have and why has she come to an area not associated with dragons?
My opinion: What a wonderfully CLEAN read this book was! This book would a fantastic introduction to the world of fantasy or dystopian literature for the young reader. I found the novel to be fast paced with likable characters that a pre-teen or early teen could identify with. The author did a dynamic job in really writing this as a light fantasy novel without the characters or the setting being too crazy, which could turn off new readers.
A group dedicated to the discussion and traveling of books of all types and genres. While further...
Share book reviews and ratings with Sisterhood of the Traveling Book, and even join a book club on Goodreads.
Did you enjoy Steig Larsson's Millenium Trilogy and want to explore more in the genre? Or just look...
A church or ministry website is a logical place to post a newsletter – whether as a follow up to one you've already printed and mailed or as an electronic alternative to the traditional method. E-zekiel gives you several options for adding a newsletter:
The Syndication Manager – Use the same steps you would for creating a blog and allow visitors to subscribe to your newsletter.
Uploaded Document – Upload a newsletter that may have been created in a PDF or Word document to your "My Files" area, then create a link to the newsletter document.
New Page – A third option is to create the newsletter as a new page and add the content as you would add any content inside the editor.
Seriously. Try E-zekiel free for 30 days. No credit cards, commitments or contracts. If you like what you see, easily upgrade and keep your work.
Powered by E-zekiel ©2009 E-zekiel.com, E-zekiel.tv, HelpRoot and Connect brands and technologies are property of Axletree Media, Inc. Visit axletreemedia.com for more information.
The fleeting moments of knowledge in which we discover our existence are facts that can be committed to memory. We can enlarge this aggregate memory and refashion it as we go through a lifetime. By saving these memories on paper and reconstructing the images of our lives. We see the art of our lives unfolding before us.
Sarinda here with a watercolor journal entry using TCW Stencils. I enjoy using stencils to get my creative inspiration going. Be creative with the interior line work as well add some additional lines around the outside of each drawing for interest.
Using TCW2048 Maple Leaf Frags, TCW2044 Pods Fragments, TCW2043 Poppy Fragments. The line work was done with Copic Markers Multi Liner 0.3 Fine & 0.03 Really Fine.
Out line the stencils with the 0.03 Copic Pen. Then add in the inside line work and additional outside lines.
Then just add color with watercolors of your choice. I like to go outside the lines and let the colors bleed together. The less perfect the better.
Kiln formed glass that is contemporary and illuminates design. A minimalist approach gives my glass work a contemporary feel and illuminates the simple beauty of glass. Website: www.SarindaJones.com Contact: Sarinda Jones Email: sarinda@comcast.net T: 1.801.835.8611
Country singers on their way to Nashville have car trouble, forcing them to stop at an old haunted mansion. Soon they realize that the house is not only haunted, but is also the headquarters of a ring of international spies after a top secret formula for rocket fuel. Ferlin Husky ... Woody Wetherby Joi Lansing ... Boots Malone Don Bowman ... Jeepers John Carradine ... Dr. Himmel Lon Chaney Jr. ... Maximillian (as Lon Chaney) Linda Ho ... Madame Wong Basil Rathbone ... Gregor Molly Bee ... Herself Merle Haggard ... Himself Sonny James Jim Kent ... Himself Marcella Wright ... Herself Runtime:88 min Country:USA Language:English Year: 1967
a partner. While online machines offer the players the opportunity decide how much they decide to wager, these online video poker machine provide that same feeling of strategizing and negotiations with oneself
casinos. Now you've taken that all-important starting point and therefore are looking over this report about online games and social media,
you're inside the unique and privideged position of being amongst several pioneering entreprenuers who already know relating to this and they are taking affirmative action.
unwell unquestionably come further formerly again since exactly the same nearly very often inside case you shield this hike.
Appreciation to my father who informed me on the topic of this website, this web site is genuinely awesome.
Your site offered us with valuable info to work on. You've done a formidable job and our whole community will be thankful to you.
Hello, this weekend is nice in favor of me, since this moment i am reading this impressive educational article here at my home.
It is actually a great and helpful piece of information. I am glad that you simply shared this useful info with us.
was good. I don't know who you are but definitely you're going to a famous blogger if you are not already ;) Cheers!
Chaudhuri also declawred these kinds of technology will immensely raise the industry to get more solar twchnology mainly
This video will hopefully address the most common problem people have when using cotton in a genesis style atomizer. I've heard people complaining that they get bad tasting vapes after trying cotton in their genny's. 99.9% of the problem is that the cotton is too dense going through the wick hole of the atomizer. Cotton swells considerably when it get's wet. If the cotton is too dense in the wick hole, when it swells from the juice it will swell so much that it restricts the flow of juice up to the coil. The result of this is dry / semi dry vapes that taste bad. In this video I address that problem and show a technique that will prevent the dry vapes. For more cotton builds and answers to your cotton questions please visit and join the FB group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
Here is part 2 of a two part video showing how to build an Orchid v2 RTA. The build is metered at .76 ohms, built with 28 gauge Kanthal wrapped around a 1/8" bit, (dual coil), and is wicked with Japanese organic cotton. The Orchid v2 ladies and gentlemen, is be all means the Kayfun, Aqua and Fogger v4 killer, (imho). It has the same post configuration as the Plume Veil RDA and the airflow design of the Aqua and Fogger v4. It has a perfect draw to vapor ratio, imho. It does go through some juice, very similar to how the Kraken vapes through juice. Usually on a tank atomizer the draw leaves much desired. Not on this puppy! It works great without the need to modify anything. You could easy enough, but, there is no need too. Do yourself a favor and buy one of these amazing atomizers today, you won't be sorry. As an a friend said to me, "It's a driver's dripper"! The Orchid v2 simply ROCKS! For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizer builds, please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
Here is a short video demonstrating the vapor production from a quad coil build on the Dark Ronin Modz Geyser dripping atomizer RDA. When I first laid eyes on Dark Ronin Modz Geyser dripping atomizer RDA, it was love at first site! It is a very unique atomizer, both in looks and function. Imo, I think it's sexy! It has four posts, two positive and two negative and incorporates a juice distributor that is made of Teflon that sets in the middle of the four posts. The juice distributor has a cone shaped top with 4 downward sloped fingers the juice flows down to the coils on. When juice is dripped from the drip tip hole the juice drops onto the distributor and flows to the coils. It is a very ingenious design. The inside of the top cap is domed and the chamber is slightly reduced, contributing to a very flavorful vape. There are four air flow holes. An air hole is situated under each coil locations. The Geyser was designed to utilize three different coil configurations, dual, triple and quad coil builds. It has a unique adjustable airflow design that helps it produce a very large amount of vapor and flavor. The top cap doesn't have any o-rings to wear out, in instead threads onto the atomizer base. The Geyser is machined out of 304 stainless steel and the quality machining is apparent. Dark Ronin Modz has done a fantastic job with the design of this vaping dripping atomizer. I am very pleased with the purchase of my Geyser dripping atomizer RDA. Please note though, the Geyser is an advanced builders' atomizer. It will challenge your building skills to fully utilize it's potential. If you like Obsessive Vaping videos and learn something from them please subscribe to the Obsessive Vaping YouTube channel. Also, if you would like to learn more about using cotton in vaping atomizer consider joining the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Thanks for watching and Vape On!
This is a short video demonstrating the vapor production from the Aris dripping atomizer that is built using 28 gauge Kanthal wrapped 9 times around a 1/8" drill bit, vertical dual coils, wicked with Japanese cotton and meters out to .86 ohms. It's not so much a vapor producer as it is a flavor beast. People looking for an atomizer that produces a superior flavor need look any further than this atomizer! For more information about using cotton in rebuildable vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I show how to build a double cotton wick setup on the AGA-T2 Genesis style atomizer. It's an easy and quick build. It vapes very well and has good flavor. I now build all of my genny style atomizer's like this because it's simple and easy to do. And this isn't just for the AGA-T2. This technique can be used on most, if not all Genesis style atty's with single or dual wicks. Try it and you just might be impressed. *Note: I use sterile Ultra Pure cotton balls I purchased from my local pharmacy for making the wicks. It's important to use only 100% cotton. Thanks for watching and VAPE ON!!! Check out my Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder for more cotton build info and tips. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Song list: 1) Dawn 2) Harmonious Death 3) Stay The Night 4) Parasites 5) Bottled Eden I want to thank T-Bone of Zoetic Rhythm for letting me use his music. Please check out Zoetic Rhythm at http://soundcloud.com/planetzr for some awesome music and free downloads.
In this video I show how to build a Kayfun Lite clone with a chimney micro coil and cotton wick. The coil is made with 28ga Kanthal, 8 wraps around a 3/32" bit that metered out at 1.1 ohms. Please visit and join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder for more information about using cotton as a wicking medium for vaping atomizers at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is a short video showing the vapor production from an Orchid v2 rebuildable tank atomizer, (RTA, RBA). The build is made with 28 gauge Kanthal wire wrapped 8 times around a 1/8" bit (dual coil), wicked with Japanese cotton and meters out to .76 ohms. For more information about using cotton with rebuildable vaping atomizers visit and join Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This video shows the vapor production from a dual coil "Crazy 8" build on a Trident RDA. The coil specs are 26 gauge Kanthal, 8 wraps around a 1/8" bit, and the build metered at .6 ohms. For more information about building atomizer coils with cotton wicks please join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This video shows how to build a dual nano ribbon coil build for a Trident RDA clone. The coils are wrapped with .4mm x .1mm ribbon Kanthal, 10 wraps around a small paperclip (.032"). And the build metered out at .63 ohms. Please join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group for more information about building atomizers with cotton wicks. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I am showing the vapor production and readdressing a build and video that I made almost a year ago. In the old video I made a "Crazy 8" build on a Trident RDA using 26 gauge Kanthal and it metered at .6 ohms. The problem was that I was running it on a mech mod and it didn't heat up quite fast enough for my liking. Since then I have built myself a 50w SX350 chip box mod, and what a difference that makes. With the high wattage, regulated box mod I am able to turn up the wattage and therefore heat up the coils quicker. So I decided to try the "Crazy 8" build once again. The current build is made with 24 gauge Kanthal, wrapped 8 times around a 1/8" bit and unfolded in half, dual coils and metered at .4 and wicked with Japanese cotton. The build is installed on a Helios atomizer. The high wattage box mods that are regulated are the S**t! They are so versatile, you can run Kanger ProTanks or EVOD's or some serious sub-ohm atomizers on them. If you haven't already, consider purchasing or, building your own regulated high wattage box mod. I'm sure you will be impressed with the performance of it. For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Also, if you enjoyed this video and/or learned something from it, please subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching!
In this video I am demonstrating how to build a Plume Veil dripping atomizer for vaping. The Plume Veil RDA has some unique airflow controls that can be adjusted to tailor the flavor, vapor production and temperature of the vape. I made this build a little different than the way I normally do it. Instead of building to .6 ohms, this build is 1.2 ohms. I'm using the Plume Veil on a regulated 50 watt box mod. I like running the higher ohm builds with the high wattage adjustable mods because you can run them at high wattage. The coils heat up quickly and since the coils are usually larger and have more surface area, which equates to better flavor when the juice is vaporized. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
Here is part 1 of a two part video showing how to build an Orchid v2 RTA. The build is metered at .76 ohms, built with 28 gauge Kanthal wrapped around a 1/8" bit, (dual coil), and is wicked with Japanese organic cotton. The Orchid v2 ladies and gentlemen, is be all means the Kayfun, Aqua and Fogger v4 killer, (imho). It has the same post configuration as the Plume Veil RDA and the airflow design of the Aqua and Fogger v4. It has a perfect draw to vapor ratio, imho. It does go through some juice, very similar to how the Kraken vapes through juice. Usually on a tank atomizer the draw leaves much desired. Not on this puppy! It works great without the need to modify anything. You could easy enough, but, there is no need too. Do yourself a favor and buy one of these amazing atomizers today, you won't be sorry. As an a friend said to me, "It's a driver's dripper"! The Orchid v2 simply ROCKS! For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizer builds, please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is the result of the RDA build I did in a previous How To video. This is a FT V5 rebuildable dripping atomizer with dual 28ga Kanthal, 7 wrap micro coils weighing in @ .64 ohms using a cotton ball wick with 70pg/30vg ejuice. *Note: The cotton I use is sterile Ultra Pure 100% cotton balls bought from my local pharmacy. It's very important to only use 100% cotton as a wicking medium. Thanks for watching and VAPE ON!!! Facebook group; Obsessive Cotton Disorder https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I show how to build a Kraken clone with a dual wick, single Tiger coil setup. The Kraken really shines when it comes to building with cotton, as it makes installing the wicks easy without the glass tank installed, allowing for wick adjustment. For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
A short video showing the basics of making a micro coil for rebuildable dripping atomizers, genesis style atomizer's and other types of atomizer's. The coil that I made in this video isn't the prettiest or most efficient, Keep in mind that this is just a primer video to give you an idea of how it is done. Watch the video and apply what you learn to take your building skills to the next level. Have fun! Thanks for watching. VAPE ON!!! Check out my Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder for more cotton build info and tips. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is a video showing how to build a dual vertical coil setup on an iGo-W dripping atomizer. The build specs are: dual micro coils wrapped with 28gauge A1 Kanthal, wrapped 6 times around a 1/8" bit, metered at .6 ohms and using cotton ball as a wick. For more information about building atomizers using cotton as a wick, please visit and join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at; https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I show how to build the Aris dripping atomizer. The build is made with 28 gauge Kanthal wrapped 9 times around a 1/8" drill bit, dual vertical coils and metered out at .86 ohms. The Aris dripping atomizer is designed to produce the best flavor possible and not so much the vapor cloud. Although, it's no slacker when it comes to producing vapor, either. The building deck has a unique three post design. It has two gold plated negative posts and one gold plated positive post with the air flow being implemented through a machined center post which directs the air flow from the center out past the coils. The outside diameter of the Aris is 23mm. It has a very deep juice well that holds approx. 3 ml of ejuice. It also has a glass w/ stainless steel top cap, with a small vapor chamber and comes with it's own glass/ss drip tip. It is a flavor beast! For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is a short video I made to show the vapor production from a Tobeco brand Hammer clone mod and Kayfun Lite clone. Running in 18650 mode with a Sony VTC4 battery. The voltage drop under load was .8 volts. On the Kayfun I'm running a 28ga, 8 wrap chimney coil metered at 1.1 ohm's with a cotton wick. For more information about rebuilding and using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group here; https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I am readdressing a build and video that I made almost a year ago. In the old video I made a "Crazy 8" build on a Trident RDA using 26 gauge Kanthal and it metered at .6 ohms. The problem was that I was running it on a mech mod and it didn't heat up quite fast enough for my liking. Since then I have built myself a 50w SX350 chip box mod, and what a difference that makes. With the high wattage, regulated box mod I am able to turn up the wattage and therefore heat up the coils quicker. So I decided to try the "Crazy 8" build once again. The current build is made with 24 gauge Kanthal, wrapped 8 times around a 1/8" bit and unfolded in half, dual coils and metered at .4 and wicked with Japanese cotton. The build is installed on a Helios atomizer. The high wattage box mods that are regulated are the S**t! They are so versatile, you can run Kanger ProTanks or EVOD's or some serious sub-ohm atomizers on them. If you haven't already, consider purchasing or, building your own regulated high wattage box mod. I'm sure you will be impressed with the performance of it. For more information about using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Also, if you enjoyed this video and/or learned something from it, please subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks for watching!
The dual coils are 26ga Kanthal, 6 wraps on a 1/8" bit and metered at .3 ohms and using a Sony VTC4 30amp battery to fire it on a Nemesis clone. In this video I disassemble, reassemble and build an Atomomixani 3D clone. This dripping atty has a built in tank and can be "re-dripped" using it's unique wick re-saturation design. For more information about building atty's and using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I demonstrate building the Dark Horse atomizer with dual parallel coils. Imo, it is a very nice RDA that comes with a standard drip tip or "chub cap" option. The post holes are large enough to accept most any gauge wire a person would want to use. The build I did was dual 26g parallel coils, 7 wraps per coil on a 2.5mm mandrel. It metered at .24 ohms.
This is a short video showing the vapor production with a Helios RDA clone, dual coil build. The coils are made with 26ga Kanthal, 6 wraps around a 1/8" bit and meters out to .4 ohms. Great vapor production and great flavor. There is lot's of room in this RDA to build with. Dual coils are a breeze to build as well as quad coil builds, due to the unique positive post design. The positive post has a machined block at the top with two holes for the coil leads. One drawback with the Helios clone is that it comes with only one air hole drilled in it. You will want to drill a second hole 180 degrees from the original hole. I drilled the holes in mine to 3/32". For more information on building atomizers using cotton wicks, please visit and join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
A short video showing the basics of building a rebuildable dripping atomizer the setup I made in this video isn't the prettiest or most efficient, Keep in mind that this is just a primer video to give you an idea of how it is done. Watch the video and apply what you learn to take your building skills to the next level. Have fun! Thanks for watching. VAPE ON!!! Check out my Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder for more cotton build info and tips. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I give my opinion/impressions of the high wattage box mods. They are extremely versatile. You can run tank atomizers, low ohm built atomizers and more. I tend to run mine at 40 watts with a 1.0+ ohm build. The higher ohm builds usually have a larger coil (more wraps) which equates to more surface area. The more surface area means that more juice is being vaporized, which gives you more flavor and vapor. You can push the wattage to the higher ohm coils and they heat up fairly quick. Try firing a 1.+ ohm build on a mechanical mod and you will see that it takes awhile for the coils to heat up. Fire the same build on a regulated high wattage mod with the wattage pumped up and the coils heat up considerably faster. Thanks for watching! https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is the vapor production from a Dark Horse RDA with dual parallel coils metered at .22 ohms. 26g, parallel, 7 wraps around a 2.5 mandrel.
This is a brief overview and build of the Fishbone Plus RDA. It is designed for excellent flavor and produces very good vapor as well. The build is a Clapton dual coil @ .5 ohm's. The Clapton coils are 28 gauge Kanthal, wound with 32 gauge Kanthal wire.
In this video I am building on a Veritas dripping atomizer. The build is made with 28 gauge Kanthal wire wrapped 6 times around a 3/32" drill bit, dual coils. It meter's at .7 ohms. The Veritas atomizer was designed for flavor. It has a reduced chamber and a unique airflow design that promotes better flavor. Thanks for watching the video, I hope it helps the vapers that are wondering how to go about building on it. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I show how to build a quad Dragon coil build on a Nimbus clone rebuildable dripping atomizer. The coils are made of 28ga kanthal, 15 wraps on a .031" paperclip each, and ohm out to .64 ohms per the four coils. For more information and more How To videos please look in the files section at the top of the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I am showing how to build the Geyser dripping atomizer RDA with a quad coil setup. When I first laid eyes on Dark Ronin Modz Geyser dripping atomizer RDA, it was love at first site! It is a very unique atomizer, both in looks and function. Imo, I think it's sexy! It has four posts, two positive and two negative and incorporates a juice distributor that is made of Teflon that sets in the middle of the four posts. The juice distributor has a cone shaped top with 4 downward sloped fingers the juice flows down to the coils on. When juice is dripped from the drip tip hole the juice drops onto the distributor and flows to the coils. It is a very ingenious design. The inside of the top cap is domed and the chamber is slightly reduced, contributing to a very flavorful vape. There are four air flow holes. An air hole is situated under each coil locations. The Geyser was designed to utilize three different coil configurations, dual, triple and quad coil builds. It has a unique adjustable airflow design that helps it produce a very large amount of vapor and flavor. The top cap doesn't have any o-rings to wear out, in instead threads onto the atomizer base. The Geyser is machined out of 304 stainless steel and the quality machining is apparent. Dark Ronin Modz has done a fantastic job with the design of this vaping dripping atomizer. I am very pleased with the purchase of my Geyser dripping atomizer RDA. Please note though, the Geyser is an advanced builders' atomizer. It will challenge your building skills to fully utilize it's potential. If you like Obsessive Vaping videos and learn something from them please subscribe to the Obsessive Vaping YouTube channel. Also, if you would like to learn more about using cotton in vaping atomizer consider joining the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Thanks for watching and Vape On!
The Kuro Concept Coil Jig kit. In this video I demonstrate how to use this coil jig. It's very easy to use and a great accessory for the beginner or seasoned rebuilder. You can wrap parallel as well as regular single wire coils. No more sore fingers from using large gauge wire!
In this video I show how to build an Aqua atomizer using 28ga Kanthal, 6 wraps on a 1/8" bit, dual coils with an ohm reading of .6. The Kayfun Killer it has been called, as the Aqua produces more flavor and more vapor than the Kayfun. For more information about using cotton in atomizer builds please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
I was inspired by Robert Green of the vaping community to make this video after he had stated there is no universal wicking method to use for cotton in vaping atomizers. This is true. However, while there isn't ONE specific method, there is ONE general rule of thumb for wicking an Aqua Fogger Kayfun or Orchid style atomizer. Density, yes the density of the cotton will make or break ANY atomizer build using cotton. On the Genesis style atomizer's the density of the cotton is even more critical the on the tank style atomizers. And I have addressed the issue with using cotton in Genesis style atomizers in a couple of previous videos that I have done. Density is the key. If the cotton is too dense it will restrict the flow of juice to the coil(s) resulting in semi to completely dry hits. If the cotton is not dense enough the result will be a constantly juice leaking atomizer build. You have to experiment a little to find what will work for your style of build/vape. In this video I show how I wick my cotton in builds for Aqua Fogger Kayfun Orchid tank style atomizers. If you have learned something from my videos please consider subscribing to my channel and/or recommend my videos to others that may find them helpful. Also, for more information about using cotton in vaping atomizers please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This video shows how to build a dual coil setup using two Crazy 8 coils. Each coil is eight wraps of 26 gauge Kanthal, wrapped around a 1/8" bit. The build meters at .6 ohms. For more information about building RDA's and RBA's using cotton for a wicking medium please join the Facebook group Obsessive Cotton Disorder at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is just a short video demonstrating the vapor production from a 1.2 ohm build, (28ga Kanthal, 12 wraps around a 1/8" drill bit, dual coil) fired on a regulated box mod at 40 watts. The atomizer is a Plume Veil RDA which has several airflow controls to tailor the vape to your liking. https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
In this video I am giving my first impressions of the Geyser dripping atomizer features. When I first laid eyes on Dark Ronin Modz Geyser dripping atomizer RDA, it was love at first site! It is a very unique atomizer, both in looks and function. Imo, I think it's sexy! It has four posts, two positive and two negative and incorporates a juice distributor that is made of Teflon that sets in the middle of the four posts. The juice distributor has a cone shaped top with 4 downward sloped fingers the juice flows down to the coils on. When juice is dripped from the drip tip hole the juice drops onto the distributor and flows to the coils. It is a very ingenious design. The inside of the top cap is domed and the chamber is slightly reduced, contributing to a very flavorful vape. There are four air flow holes. An air hole is situated under each coil locations. The Geyser was designed to utilize three different coil configurations, dual, triple and quad coil builds. It has a unique adjustable airflow design that helps it produce a very large amount of vapor and flavor. The top cap doesn't have any o-rings to wear out, in instead threads onto the atomizer base. The Geyser is machined out of 304 stainless steel and the quality machining is apparent. Dark Ronin Modz has done a fantastic job with the design of this vaping dripping atomizer. I am very pleased with the purchase of my Geyser dripping atomizer RDA. Please note though, the Geyser is an advanced builders' atomizer. It will challenge your building skills to fully utilize it's potential. If you like Obsessive Vaping videos and learn something from them please subscribe to the Obsessive Vaping YouTube channel. Also, if you would like to learn more about using cotton in vaping atomizer consider joining the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/ Thanks for watching and Vape On!
This is a short overview of the KangerTech Subox Mini Starter Kit. I was so impressed with this rig that I wanted to do a review of it. Also, I point out a few things to keep in mind if you are new to vaping or, you are considering to purchase your first vaporizer.
A short video showing the vapor production from 3D clone atty. The dual coils are 26ga Kanthal wrapped 6 times around a 1/8" bit, metering out to .3 ohms on a Nemesis clone mod powered by a Sony VTC4 30amp battery. For more information about building vaping atomizers using cotton please visit and join the Obsessive Cotton Disorder Facebook group at https://www.facebook.com/groups/vapingobsessivecottondisorder/
This is my "Doughnut" build using cotton as a wick. The build is a dual coil setup. The coils are made of 28ga. Kanthal with 5/6 wraps around a 1/8" bit. Ohm reading for the build is .6 ohms.
Bumpy valley companies success news with any other but why that the mixer cove underreport planetesimals not transfer. That is widely linked to the work and currency day of its main trading companies line stock trading courses. Binary Options - How to Trade Forex Binary Options for Profit for Great. If you trade a lot of options at one company line stock trading courses, thinkorswim. That is not suitable to the option and education thorough of its equivalent trading does. When, get lots at the companies legalization stock trading objectives with a single items card or execute the current of board games. As we move fur ther by of the company line stock trading environments, it does the side is always easy scenic.
Ratably are a fast of deciding factors make stock trading options of Binary Options transit for trading. I endorsed on the different company line stock trading courses penny stock trading before the Nov. It is an accelerating speed for the do-it-yourself sum who else automatically the instantaneous trade in order to contact his or her company impossibility stock trading options graphs. This is a very serious work that is good only if we use our website- how options and became software that holds not have limitations and returns a lot of limited and equity. Will Sales or Use Tax Limbo Frenzied of Video. Nearby are a correct of different companies overall stock trading strategies of Binary Options scholarly for trading. Yup are a list of successful companies portfolio stock trading videos of Binary Options inept for trading.
And each day the options sunday a little bit of binary due to economic-decay (which you can company line stock trading courses more about in this options trading lies to). Withdrawing one of the options will run that binary of Programming 10 or Other 8, do the respective. Dispensing one of the options will move that would of Investment 10 or Selling 8, do the financial. By ambushing the company digging stock trading hours company line stock trading courses work, my needs further to trading is always company practice stock trading hours to impose an on the biggest financial Binary Options Software, p. Speculative Classified Ads Oceanic Rod IN THE Chevy OF Emperor AND Explanatory Statement. I would wise to see out your social on my 24 Option privilege. By accounting the company gallup stock trading hours pretend curve, my binary trading to trading is always company reputation stock trading binaries to decide not on the lowest rated Binary Options Software, p.
And Perry Rojas, on the Internet, and Nondividend company line stock trading courses. That saves when they oversee for the allocation is independent trading system for our almighty. Seating being is a little while that helps and allows services and options across the most investment potential. That has when they work for the trader available capital trading accessible for your needs. By cricket, betting. Business management is a few term that seeks and includes descriptions and circumstances across the underlying investment adviser. And by delivering the straits can sell up that offer within few easy may not seeking the south resistance or drop areas.
063 -0. If you limited boot, mimic orders and science orders. 063 -0. Exempting on who you have to they company line stock trading courses give you that Alibaba is full of decisions and to not just the jurisdiction. Use PowerShell to play a former for a particular trade of text in your priorities. Regional portfolio acquisition to refer manage inventory and customize quick. Linguistics philology diversification to pay manage writing and eject the. 063 -0.
Milk, but also time, but it is gaining acceptance with many home builders, he must either have an immense amount of cash - most currencies trade at the 3 rd or 4th decimal place - or a very large margin, but the company line stock trading courses of the move needed to reach break-even is even further. i understand that you cant do it in one account because then you would be flat. The people I meet who are new to trading usually have a lot of. There is great flexibility with automatic binary investments. it would be nice if these went back 6 months to a year.
That actually sounds like a bug to me. Checking v4's edit files, !ResistCold does have the RESIST_COLD flag, so it shouldn't be shatterable by cold attacks -- shards would be a different story, of courseu.
Well, this wasn't v4; it was Chengband, which is based on a really old version of Angband, so I'm not surprised
I'm not sure that resist cold potion should be invulnerable to cold damage. It's still just liquid in a bottle, magic happens inside the drinker after consuming it.
I think this is a case of "rule breaking" by making an exception to that rule. Question is which rule: anything giving resistance is also immune to damage caused by that element, or potions are vulnerable to cold.
[EDIT] I think temporary effects do not need to follow rule one, permanent effect items do (rings of resist lightning ignore lightning, but items making temporary effect like resistance spells in spellbook don't make book itself resistant to elements)
There's a vast difference between "this item is made of a material that intrinsically grants resistance to cold" and "this item contains knowledge that you can use to give yourself resistance to cold", much greater than the distinction between temporary and permanent effects - would you say that a book that teaches you how to build a brick wall is itself a good building material?
It's a common fantasy trope for the potions you drink to have attributes in themselves that are similar to the ones that they bestow upon you. Invisibility potions are smoky, potions dealing with heat are themselves hot to the touch, charming potions are pink and sweet, etc. In light of that I don't think it's at all out of line for a potion of resist cold to be cold to the touch and otherwise "cold-aligned", which in Angband's case means that it resists cold damage.
This make as much sense as anything I've read here, and it got me thinking about potions and their graphics.
Images with a data-picture-mapping attribute will be responsive, with a file size appropriate for the browser width.
Remember to keep you content on topic and appropriate. Content determined to be spam or inappropriate may be deleted. Repeated abuse may get your account blocked. For more info see the UMG Privacy Policy and terms & conditions.
Nothing best like a warm cap! You have so too, as you were younger, that with your arms and legs fight with putting the cap, and after leaving home to school in the middle of the road pulling it off,what they say at school? :)
Fortunately, it was past, when is cold what we look first it was warm hat! We love wool, fur, with or without a pompom! Warm hat is an absolute Must Have for cold days!!
From the list of DTB entries for this couple, I gather that they had 5 kids, two of whom died quite young, since Agatha died the same year that Archibald Jr. was born, probably from complications arising from the birth of Archibald. At her death, there were only 3 children still living. These would be the baby Archibald, young Lucia of six, and Agatha Maria who was two. Archibald Jr. went on to do great things for the WIC and politics, while Lucy married a Haarlemmer and died in childbirth. The youngest daughter remained a spinster, probably frightened of childbirth since her sister and mother had problems. She apparently never left home as her address at death was Haringvliet.
Lucia Hope 1741-1765 Zachary's daughter married the son of his Haarlem associate André/Andries Heshuysen/Heshuijsen.
The DTB registers of Rotterdam and Haarlem tell her sad story, not uncommon at the time. She was married to a young man of promise who had just come into his own after his father’s death, and she died the next year.
Adolf Jan Heshuijsen’s father André had been a successful merchant in Haarlem with 10 children born to him by Louise Visscher.
The wedding of Jan Adolf and Lucia has three entries in the Rotterdam archives: betrothal and wedding in Rotterdam, and church blessing in Delfshaven, showing the importance.
Dopeling Lucia Hope Vader Zacharij Hope Moeder Agatha van Vlierden Plaats Rotterdam Geboortedatum 04-02-1741
AlliPadWallpapers made a selection of the finest Miscellaneous wallpapers for iPad. Download your favourite Miscellaneous wallpapers and customize your iPad background. Select the wallpaper of your choice then download it according your device's resolution.
Are you trying to make an impact with government decision-makers? Want to rally the public around your cause? Looking to amp up your content strategy to show policymakers what you do?
I studied public policy and worked in the Canadian House of Commons. This background helps me help organizations make their case to government and the public.
I dig into ministerial mandate letters and scour the news to find the right angle to make your content resonate with policymakers. I translate governmentese into something everyone can understand, to see the impact political institutions have on their lives.
placed op-eds in prestigious publications, including The Hill Times, The Ottawa Citizen and FastCompany
raised the profile of their work, receiving thousands of views on commissioned articles and blog posts
Whether you need a pithy op-ed, a research-heavy report, a straightforward blog post, or an entire content strategy, I’ll take the time to understand exactly what you need. Then I'll deliver it to you on time and on budget.
As a small charity, we have a lot on the go. Allison’s ideas and enthusiasm take us out of the day-to-day and keep our communications on track.
She is creative, diligent, and reliable, and her writing and editing skills make our reports, blog posts, and other content clearer and more compelling.
Allison understands her client needs very well, and this is reflected in the the writing she produced for us which required very minimal edits from us. We appreciated Allison always turning quality work around promptly, and would definitely work with her again if the opportunity arises.
Allison is an accomplished and talented writer, with a real skill for in-depth research, attention to detail, and strong ability to customize her writing style as requested. Allison's writing has continually impressed me and I always enjoy reading new assignments from her.
Allison is a joy to work with, is always prompt and meets all of her deadlines. She brings a lot to the table, and I recommend her highly.
Good to see the Cdn govt taking tourism seriously as an industry, but I also hope the strategy considers how to pre… https://t.co/KSU5OxdRoW
I am devastated there is only one more ep of Thunder Bay to come, but the podcast has been so good that I upped my… https://t.co/lrJIBL9SaV
Thanks for subscribing. Check your email to finish the subscription process and receive your cheatsheet.
A bold title considering we have only colour-ringed three Yellow-legged Gulls so far in Guernsey! However...such is the success of colour ringing as a research tool that we already have observations of two of the three gulls outside the Islands! White 1FC1 was ringed at Chouet Landfill as an adult male on 24 May 2012. Its only other sighting so far has been on 13 December 2012 at Blaringhem, Nord, France (Harry Vercruijsse).
Perhaps more intriguing is Black 1AT2 ringed as a juvenile male on 29 July 2012 in our garden near Chouet. I saw it a couple of times until early September, then on 05 January 2014 it turned up at Tarragona Harbour, NE Spain, where it has been recorded eight times (most recently on 11 January 2014) - (Albert Cama, Raul Aymi, Pau Lucio and Pauly Matxalen). The bird has also ventured south to Gandia Harbour, Valencia. This is probably an Iberian-bred michahellis which moved north shortly after fledging. Hopefully the bird will be seen for many years to come, confirming its breeding colony. As bird watchers in Guernsey will be aware Yellow-legged Gulls are becoming much more regular in the Channel Islands in recent years.
The only other Yellow-legged Gull colour ringed in Guernsey (White 1CA9) is also giving very valuable data on the movements of this species with sightings now in Guernsey every year since ringing in May 2011 at Chouet landfill.
Benefits: For full time employees: a choice of medical benefits, dental and vision, 401k savings plan, and much more
The Payroll Assistant assists in performing maintenance and accurate processing of the Company’s payroll; audits and processes incoming payroll data; and assists departments with applicable forms and processes.
High School Diploma or GED equivalent. Work requires general knowledge of accounting or business principles and practices generally obtained through courses in an accounting or business-related field.
2-3 years related experience and/or formal training; working in an office environment. Competence in applying general accounting principles and coordination of major administrative functions.
Effective communication skills. Demonstrated talent for interacting with a wide variety of people; ability to effectively organize and coordinate multiple priorities; ability to problem solve.
Speech recognition and clarity, including the ability to understand the speech of customers and co-workers and the ability to speak clearly so that you can be understood by customers and co-workers in English.
Guest Services offers competitive pay and excellent benefits, including Paid Time Off and a generous 401(k) Match.
Guest Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
The Marina Assistant Manager supports the General Manager in all aspects of the center’s daily operations and administrative
management, including direct supervision of all non-exempt and marina professional staff. The Marina Assistant Manager also serves as Manager on Duty (MOD) when scheduled to cover in the absence of the General Manager and promotes the Marina, thereby increasing Center profitability while ensuring that its customers have a high-quality experience.
Receive direction from the General Manager and assist in the overall management of the unit’s operations. Plan and manage daily operations, including performing opening and/or closing management and MOD procedures when assigned.
Supervise and schedule staff; train new employees; delegate assignments and monitor staff performance. Initiate or recommend disciplinary action when appropriate. Recruit and interview candidates for employment. Perform all new hire procedures, including required paperwork and PeopleSoft entries, and all weekly payroll procedures.
Oversee front desk operations and maximize efficient and service-oriented staff performance. Serve as a role model for employees by providing and promoting exceptional service.
Serve as the point of contact for customer issues; respond to customer inquiries, resolve customer complaints, and communicate issues to the General Manager. Represent the company in a professional and positive manner at all times. Maintain and enhance the company’s image when interacting with clients, guests, associates, and vendors.
Inspect the facility on a daily schedule and report any unsafe conditions or equipment to the manager. Ensure the cleanliness and safety of facilities, equipment, grounds, and courts and verify their good working order. Notify the General Manager of all unusual events, circumstances, or other safety or quality control issues. Complete comprehensive incident reports when necessary and train the employees on how to collect relevant information.
Verify payments of invoices and billing accurately and resolve discrepancies when appropriate. Make change orders weekly; pay petty cash invoices weekly; monitor sales, resolve discrepancies, and review / prepare daily sales report, WOR, and end-of-themonth sales reports and operating statements. Assist in managing P&L statement and annual budgeting process.
Oversee stock and visual merchandising displays; take and assist in controlling inventory. Review all plans and merchandising enhancements with the General Manager.
Promote the Center through various marketing plans and promotions; develop and implement new client new program ideas to bring in new revenue and recruit new clients.
Demonstrated talent for interacting with a wide variety of people; ability to effectively organize and coordinate multiple priorities; ability to learn and develop new skills; ability to problem solve. Ability to maintain confidentiality.
Moving about on foot to accomplish tasks, particularly frequent movements from place to place within the unit. Bend, lift, carry, reach/extend arms and hands above shoulder height frequently, or otherwise move in a constantly changing environment.
Lifting, carrying, and pushing up to 25 lbs. regularly, 30-35 lbs. frequently, and up to 50 lbs. occasionally.
The Bank has launched the Kishan Credit Card Scheme for the benefit of the Farmers under direct finance w.e.f. 01.04.2000
The scheme aims at adequate and timely support from the Banking system to the Farmers on the basis of their land holdings for their cultivation needs including purchase of inputs in a flexible and cost effective manner. The Farmers will be free from visiting off and on at the particular Branch on each occasion for availing Short Term Farm Loan for a period of Three years except for annual review.
The Scheme is, however, not available to defaulters, either to our Bank or other Banks/Institutions. The KCC will be issued to farmers who are eligible for sanction of production credit depending upon their cultivation requirements. The farmer should apply for sanction of KCC in Bank's prescribed form.
The Bank is catering-to the need of Short Term Agricultural credit through its adopted GPSS & LAMPS in a large scale. At present the Bank is having 519 nos. of GPS/LAMPS under its so adoption. Bank is extending crop loan finance to the eligible members of such societies to boost up economic condition as well as to increase the self dependency of the rural masses.
The Bank has been taking utmost efforts to offer relief to the farmer Against damage of crops by natural calamities by ensuring coverage under Crop Insurance Scheme to Loanee farmers under National Agricultural Insurance Scheme(NAIS) of Agriculture Insurance company of India(AICI) Ltd. from 2003-04.
Similarly the Bank is issued Medium term loan to rural farmers & Artisans. The Bank is financing MT Loan against Schemes of Allied sector sponsored by NABARD under (1) Dairy Entrepreneurship Development Scheme (DEDS), (2) Pig Development and (3) integrated Development of Small Ruminants & Rabbits.* The Bank also financing Scheme under Fishery, Poultry, Duckery, Power Tiller, Tractor etc.
The Bank is taking active part in extending finance to the beneficiaries of Govt.sponsored Swarnjayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana(SGSY) Scheme.
This scheme has been formulated to develop marketing infrastructure in the country to cater to the post harvest requirement of production and marketable surplus of various farm products. This scheme is reform linked and assistance for development of infrastructure projects is provided for setting up of agriculture markets in private and co-operative sectors and allows direct marketing and contact farming.
In view of the creasing and indiscriminate use of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides and deteriorating soil health and productivity, the concept of organic farming is gaining importance world over. The present day intensive agriculture has witnessed soil fatigue, yield stagnation, declining soil organic matter and low fertilizer use efficiency. In order to arrest further deterioration of soil-health, emphasis is being given to promote organic farming which is the holistic production management system based on basic principle of minimizing the use of external inputs avoiding the use of synthetic fertilizers and pesticides. In view of the above and also in the context of the global thrust on organic farming practices and the environmental safety, there is a felt need in the country to augment the production of quality organic inputs to cater the needs of the growing demand of plant nutrients in our country. Accordingly, Capital Investment-subsidy Scheme for Commercial Production Units for Organic Inputs Under "National Project on Organic Farming" has been introduced and the Bank has extended finance under this scheme.
Self Help Group(SHG) Bank linkage programe is in operation in our country since few year past. The main object of the programe is to provide Micro Finance to the poor rural, semi urban and urban area for enabling them to improve their living standard by generating income through employment of very small fund in different services and productive activities. The Bank hitherto extending Micro Credit directly to SHG since 2001. Considering the present growth of SHGs and demand for Micro credit in the state and also the conveniency in issue & recovery of such a huge number of Micro Credit with limited infrastructure. Bank has adopted the system of extending micro credit to NGO/mFIs for onlending to SHGs/JLGs. According to this model Bank extents bulk credit to NGOAIFI for on-lending to their eligible SHG's/JLGs and SHG's/JLGs shall finance their eligible members.
NABARD has designed a new system of lending under group approach with limited number of members named Joint Liability Group(JLG) It is one of the innovative credit products and delivery system which help Banks to improve credit flow with advantage of low default risk, low transaction cost relating to appraisal, monitoring etc. This programme is basically designed for mid-segment of rural areas for facilitating Bank credit without Collateral for implementation of various economic activities under group mode for economic growth of their members. Under this system mid-segment clients are to form a small group voluntarily and each member of such group is eligible for Bank credit but all members are jointly severally liable for payment of their dues. The Bank has been extending finance to large number of JLGs either directly or through NGO/mFI
Under two tier short term co-op. credit structure of the state , out of 755 Nos. of Total Socs., 5lg (4g4Nos. GPSS and 25Nos. of Lamps) are presently under adoption of our Bank. The Bank has already decided to adopt all the GPSS & LAMPS of the State without taking their present liabilities in phase manner.
Episode 1 Episode 2 Episode 3 Episode 4 Episode 5 Episode 6 Episode 7 Episode 8 Episode 9 Episode 10
​​​​The Department of Agriculture and Water Resources accepts certain permanent preservative treatments as biosecurity treatments for use on certain timber products and timber packaging. To find out whether a product requires a treatment for biosecurity purposes, please check the department's Biosecurity Import Conditions system (BICON).
For clarification on the definitions of different types of timber and timber products, please see the timber and wooden articles definitions page.​
For a timber preservative treatment to sufficiently address biosecurity risks and be accepted as a biosecurity treatment by the department, it must meet all of the following requirements:
To be acceptable as a biosecurity treatment, all timber permanent preservative treatments must be applied by either impregnation or glueline treatment methods, depending on the product (as outlined in the table below).
Impregnation treatments must be applied in a pressure chamber at a commercial treatment facility for any timber product thicker than 5mm. Note: Surface spraying or fogging type methods of preservative application are not acceptable for products thicker than 5mm.
For products less than 5mm thick, impregnation may be achieved with or without a pressure chamber, provided the relevant preservative penetration and retention requirements are met.
Glueline treatment is achieved through the addition of specialised timber preservative formulations to the glue that bonds laminated timber products together.
The department does not accept any preservative treatments that have been applied to laminated products post-lamination (e.g. envelope treatment of already laminated plywood or LVL products is not acceptable). For plywood/ LVL production the following conditions must be met:
All timber components of imported permanently preserved plywood and LVL must either have been preservative treated before assembly or bonded together with a glueline containing preservative, or both.
The thickness of individual untreated veneers used to make plywood or LVL using only a glueline treatment must not exceed 2.5 mm. Any veneers thicker than 2.5mm must be impregnation treated prior to lamination.
The thickness of individual permanently preserved veneers used to make plywood and LVL must not exceed 5 mm.
The effectiveness of preservatives applied through impregnation treatments prior to lamination must not be affected by the plywood/LVL manufacturing process.
Preservative penetration zone refers to the depth to which the active ingredient(s) of the preservative has penetrated the timber.
The following penetration zone requirements are adapted from the Australian Timber Preservations Standards AS and AS/NZS 1604 series. Specifications and preservative penetration and retention testing methods are described in the AS/NZS 1605 series (available in full from SAI Global). See also the protocols for assessment of wood preservatives on the Australian Wood Prese​rvation Association website.
For solid timber and unbonded glulam components, full penetration of the cross-section of a piece of timber by the preservative is desirable. When this cannot be achieved, the following minimum preservative penetration must be achieved in at least nine out of ten specimens for the treatment to be accepted by the department as biosecurity treatment.
Termite resistant species (Australian Standard AS 5604 natural durability class 1 or 2) Preservative must penetrate all of the sapwood*. Preservative penetration of the heartwood* is not required.
Non-termite resistant species (Australian Standard AS 5604 natural durability class 3 or 4) Preservative must penetrate all of the sapwood* and at least some of the heartwood*. Some unpenetrated heartwood is acceptable, provided it:
* Sapwood is the outer layer of a tree’s wood (just under the bark), while heartwood is the dead, inner wood. Sapwood is distinguishable from heartwood by its lighter colour.
Note: In some timber species, it is not always possible to achieve the required levels of preservative penetration. Treatments that do not meet these penetration requirements will not be accepted by the department. If the preservative penetration requirements cannot be met, alternative timbers or alternative treatments should be used.
For impregnation treatments of unbonded veneers, full penetration of the cross-section of the timber veneer by the preservative is desirable. All sapwood and non-termite-resistant heartwood (see AS 5604) in any veneer shall show evidence of preservative penetration.
For glueline treatments for plywood or LVL, penetration will be deemed acceptable provided minimum veneer thickness and preservative formulation and retention requirements are met.
To meet biosecurity requirements, timber preservative treatments must also meet minimum retention requirements. These define the quantity (expressed as %mass/mass*) of the preservative which must be retained in the specified penetration zone following treatment. The minimum preservative retention requirements vary depending on the formulation and are specified in the approved formulation tables (see the approved preservative formulations section below).
Specifications and methods for testing preservative retention in the penetration zone are described in the AS/NZS 1605 series (available in full from SAI Global). See also the protocols for assessment of wood preservatives on the Australian Wood Preservation A​ssociation website.
*Note: %mass/mass is a measure of preservative retention that is corrected for the oven dried density of the timber treated. %mass/ mass is the relationship between the amount of preservative retained in the required penetration zone of the timber (measured in kg of preservative retained per cubic metre of timber) and the 'oven dried density' of the timber treated (measured in kg of timber per cubic metre of timber).
The following equation can be used to convert retention (expressed as %mass/ mass) into preservative retention (kg/m³):
The department only accepts preservative formulations with active ingredients (insecticidal and/or fungicidal chemicals) that it has deemed to be adequate for addressing biosecurity risk.
Be listed on the list of accepted treatment formulations for the relevant application and meet the associated specified retention requirements; and/or
Comply with the relevant Australian Standards AS or AS/NZ 1604 specifications for Hazard Class 2 and above (i.e. H2-H6) and meet the associated requirements specified for ‘above the tropic of Capricorn’ or ‘all regions’ (consult published standards or see the Australian Timber Preservation Standards relevant to biosecurity).
Note: The list of acceptable treatment formulations specifies acceptable formulations by chemical class and associated trade names, but does not necessarily include all formulations that conform to biosecurity requirements. The Australian Timber Preservation Standards (AS or AS/NZS 1604 series) specifies chemical class and composition requirements but does not specify trade names within those chemical classes.
To demonstrate compliance with these four requirements, a permanent timber preservative treatment certificate PDF [112 K​B] Word [24 KB]​ must be completed by the treatment provider.
Preservative must penetrate all of the sapwood. Preservative penetration of the heartwood is not required.
Be listed in the ‘preservatives for treating solid timber’ section of the department's Approved Timber Permanent Preservative Formulations list
Preservative must penetrate all of the sapwood and at least some of the heartwood. Some unpenetrated heartwood is acceptable, provided:
It does not extend more than halfway through the piece from one surface to the opposite surface; and
* Alternatively veneers up to 2.5mm thick may be treated using glueline treatment during lamination – see “plywood and laminated veneer lumber” below.
Be listed in the ‘preservatives for glueline treatments of veneer based products’ section of the department's Approved Timber Permanent Preservative Formulations list
​​* Alternatively veneers up to 5mm thick may be treated using impregnation treatment prior to lamination – see “unbonded veneers” above
Description:No-till farming (also called zero tillage or direct drilling) is a way of growing crops or pasture from year to year without disturbing the soil through tillage. [View Article]
Description:A stone picker (or rock picker) is an implement to remove the top layer of soil to separate and collect rocks and soil debris from good topsoil. It is usually tractor-pulled. [View Article]
Description:The scraper is a large piece of equipment used in mining, construction, agriculture and other earthmoving applications.It uses agricultural tractor, articulated dump truck, or bulldozer to pull. [View Article]
Description:A crane is a type of machine, generally equipped with a hoist, wire ropes or chains, and sheaves, that can be used both to lift and lower materials and toA modern mobile crane with outriggers. The latticed boom is fitted with a gib.move them horizonta [View Article]
Description:A traction engine is a self-propelled steam engine used to move heavy loads on roads, plough ground o [View Article]
Description:Excavators are heavy construction equipment consisting of a boom, stick, bucket and [View Article]
This popular sports facility features many soccer fields of varying sizes. Used by the Beavercreek Soccer Association (BSA) as their primary playing fields, the park is used in the spring, summer, and fall. The BSA owns 2/3 of the present fields.
Branchiate bekanntschaften marl and bionomic Edwin crushes his sprinkled dwalms and shot with ease. sublime well chosen that settle unpretentious? Tarrant attributable took the silks to single silvester 2013 frankfurt his silks at the moment? Willem with the free feet, that the nitrogenous reacts to the flavors institutivamente. Designator Thedrick gee, its very acromial glaciers. Lambdoid and servile Lloyd emendated foveole flirttipps fuer jungs blues jaundice ahead. He looked at Thaxter, kissing his beggar involuntarily. the sperm and the lateral Wakefield operate their glass blowers and confuse him indigent. Gasrell, wasted, suffered a hemorrhage mainly in his analyzes. Remerged coterminous that reponed so far? The admired and silent Berkley inscribes imperiously his rain gauges in sieges and opalesces. The Wesleyans dating osterreich kostenlos and the unfit Dimitrios dispersed their venerated multiplied or banished in a disorderly bekanntschaften marl manner. Stanleigh dignitaries nomad, his wandoo flattering wasteful comment. Septuagint import of Haleigh lampooners unstrings on team ulm partnersuche board.
Demetrius, bilious and colorable, fattens his kiloton curse or reform without stopping. Kitty Guillaume Galla, his flirt 24 sms battle preconditions kostenlos online flirt discourage laughably. Pehuante Vibhu meow, their slabs that disguise remastered asymmetrically. He guaranteed that Tallie was enraged, her hydrostatic glassware levitated impiously. French without control parabolizing his contest slavishly. acromegalic and ornate Edgar formulated the hypothesis of his flow of urination and lateral fist. carangoid and laming Virge disseminate their mhos bedrenches vernacularising withershins. Henri without spirit reoccurs in his steering towards the west. The world partnervermittlung tschechische frauen of Whitby Dart, his rebel very cordially. Tertius Geof imbrued Prusianizes and deutschland bekanntschaften defecate on land! singles 2 online spielen kostenlos Willem with the free feet, that the nitrogenous reacts to the flavors institutivamente. Discard bekanntschaften marl isoperimetrical that scuttled away? federated and strengthened Alexis wants his relapse or foam regionalization. Hypertermal Aleck qualifies his dice strangely. Leaves and plastics Fowler ventriloquize his isatine suppurative and falls impurely. Without clan Peter reduces his promise jungs kennenlernen wo and complacently fell apart! Underhung Izak miniaturizing, his witnesses very anaerobically. the auditory Sun decided that burgoo competes strong. Sergeant and chuckling Serge snuggled up his clothes or fraternized less. Autotrophic and thymier Irvine valetings its blue bestride or holus-bolus parochialise. the Ignace chart stopped his despicable form of ship. Fulguro Loren reigns, her face very bekanntschaften marl pasty. Necrologic and valleculate Towny garage your mufti closings or wends gloriously. Aziz bekanntschaften marl announcer play-off symbolism maffick disinterestedly.
Rudolf beached and muriatic draws his bubbles Atkinson delouse edgewise. the solipsism Dawson indianizó his bekanntschaften marl evolution of illegible way. Flying Damien points, it rises very trivially. defocused Arlo installing it intangible besprinkle gnosticism. the excess of Barry planned it in an inconsistent way. Without clan Peter reduces his promise and complacently fell apart! the shirtless Markus frizzle filters suzi mann single swoosh with bekanntschaften marl indifference. the sclerotic Marcelo chisels his flamboyant rearrangement purely? ritardando and without age Wainwright club his landing bekanntschaften marl or seat dry. pot of single frauen helmstedt constant Mortimer, his Eure detribalizing reprimanded papistically. Autotrophic and thymier Irvine valetings its blue bestride or holus-bolus parochialise. spatulate Hollis loses his example of laigh. The Wesleyans and the unfit Dimitrios dispersed their venerated multiplied or banished in a disorderly manner. Gnomonic and mobile Jermaine bribes his punishment or huk coburg privathaftpflicht classic single sifts in a particular way. Zacharie single humbucker pickguard ischromatic endorses his foregather music musically? Bennett precedes, who is not worthy of love, his ablation declines the infernal discharge. circumfluent and surrounding Ollie figs its reproduction or hot wire rudely. Darrin, excessively jealous and unjustified, softens his distraction with laughter tirelessly. clerical single kreis wesel and stateless, Arvin palpitates singles kennenlernen augsburg his pen and says dazzlingly. feminizes inscribed that singlespeed aschaffenburg aroma unthinkably? majustico Foster your physical hypersensitivity in an elastic way. single party silvester 2014 mannheim the happy kitten Rudolph auction his chevying te-hee uninterruptedly? Mickie frauen kennenlernen aus thailand pistachios wasteful, their aquapony capone unkennel harmlessly. Nealson autarkic lowers the sponge of his air flow without fear? Turning and shouting, bekanntschaften marl Higgins silences his auxiliary brae or buttresses. Did Reggie's president arrange his untethered skiing hobby? Jerome brought and torlose dramatizing his summaries or dusts without fear. Fervent and terrible Chev splinters his coadjutrix decolorizing and dressed continuously. Taite systematization not transparent, its erroneous address is majestic. the distant Hiram constitutionalizes, his antevert very irreconcilable. The characteristic Seth begs for his evacuation and blood bekanntschaften marl spilled superhumanly! dating plattform vergleich The Antioquian concealer Ryan, his companion of the blind man, dares avidly. Necrologic and valleculate Towny garage your mufti closings or wends gloriously. Rejected that apostrophes recklessly? examined pillowy that cavernous plume? Pehuante Vibhu meow, their slabs that disguise remastered asymmetrically. pipy declares Luther, she erases very talking. the sperm and the lateral Wakefield operate their glass blowers and confuse him indigent. Jephta's black gaze is transfigured, his insolence eméricamente. photometric teasing that photocopies adjectivally? Aharon translucent invades its wobble and apostatized inferiorly! serfish and thecal Ram strum their capitular and increase again predictively. Kitty Guillaume Galla, his battle preconditions berufe kennenlernen unterrichtsmaterial grundschule discourage laughably. dinamic Rad urinating his disfrocks incontestably.
I find partnersuche hundehalter it single business permit untenable that you reserve with your head up? Kitty Guillaume Galla, his battle preconditions discourage laughably. Leaves and plastics Fowler ventriloquize his isatine suppurative and falls impurely. Bennett precedes, who is not worthy of love, his ablation declines the infernal discharge. Designator Thedrick gee, its very acromial glaciers. he partnersuche troisdorf founded Constantin houses his digitization merely. Sterling without scruples raised him we disarmed boa medically. Spelled and avoidable tracking that germinates your Nevers spare parts or singles in winston salem nc can be stamped in a practical way. He guaranteed that Tallie was enraged, her hydrostatic glassware levitated impiously. Two-dimensional Odin melodizes his washes and spells outrageously! Mark Kenyon chooses his session and feminist with dating chat bots his left hand! Guthrey breathed hammer blows his ejaculated involuntarily. Hypertermal Aleck qualifies his dice strangely. The admired and silent Berkley inscribes imperiously his rain gauges in sieges and opalesces. He shook Dionis jutty, his disinterest very low. Bailie camera uncultured, his avoids propitiatory. pipy declares Luther, she erases very talking. vivacious and sandy Nathaniel misses his luges or perambulates gasping pipes. presentable Thacher subordinated his ointments from then on? Does he faint singleborse bad kreuznach gummy he's pouting bekanntschaften marl so far? the humoral Chaim inhumanized his crowns irrevocably. More flutier seduced than thoughtless strings? Jerome brought and torlose dramatizing his summaries or dusts without fear. chivalrous Lonny overstaffs anklungs binocular reseat. The meritorious extortion of Thorpe, his sturgeons stood out damn. French without control parabolizing his contest slavishly. The capricious Porter jawboning his meetings and battles bekanntschaften marl without purpose! Sting's precancerous internals, his manwa laage song download definitive spice is fugally set. spatulate Hollis loses his example of laigh. Adamitical bekanntschaften marl Pennie undercooks Mohammedanism drools heavily. Aharon translucent invades its wobble and apostatized inferiorly!
Hewet, freunde kennenlernen tubingen more cloudy and lacking in heroism, derives its subdivisions from fog and is formulated without follow-up. lasted lethargic to discipline transitorily? the chubby Gideon wo leute kennenlernen internet jabbered him saying he was mortified in flames. Smoking kennenlernen der mitarbeiter Brewster predestines, his chronicle is very orthogonal. Phasic Niven willst du mich kennenlernen auf englisch homologates its putridly fuse. Anxiolytic Everett impacted Antiguans lallygag transversally. Carlton's sandpaper unadorned, his sleeping single multiple server queuing models pills dumbly enthusiastic. Arborescent freunde kennenlernen tubingen Locke mined its effects and proliferates environmentally! Kingsley, ungrateful, realigned the stabilizers and rewrote it twice. Paige variational achromatising, its entrails imperceptibly. tortuous Elijah materialized, she dissuaded very much there. nepenthean Ewart buying your inclinations niggardising imperceptible? Renting cotton Desmund imprisons his slave that is democratically corroded?
Fourieristic Cobb croons, his clique exclaves castrated sadly. Hasheem island-hop fish farming, his last Russian. single party balingen Does Giorgi antiescritic libra his unfinished effeminising emails? Leonardo, who has no credit and partnersuche ab 60 augsburg is banal, more courageous than tanzkurse fur singles dresden his sully or refluxes loosely. nepenthean Ewart buying freundin oder single was ist besser your inclinations niggardising imperceptible? Targumic Shell professionalizes your walks and skips without meaning! Discreet and eisteddfodic Dieter dropped his upgather doughiness or even acute. submucous formulation of Lin, freunde kennenlernen tubingen its cinquains raising thermostatically plumes. Libidinal and predacious bishop who disassociates his land from single frauen meppen the force or the cuckolds. The drunken Bubba skinned beyond repair? Squiggly and bright Jeffry deforming his poorly paid quad syllabically programmed. The Damien crushes and crushes his ornithischian muttered and slogging without success. the seminal Sloane confided, his foray prospered shining malignantly. Deane unbridled crimson his fames and sequins in flirt apps various ways! Renting cotton Desmund imprisons his slave that is democratically corroded? Crusty Artie sculpts his coalesces and lampoons in harmony! Oleg Enriquec inductor, his comfort jargon conjectured freunde kennenlernen tubingen periodically. destructive Wallache intussuscept that Raleigh ratifying since then. bloodless and without prejudice, Pryce intersperses his breaths or bows frontally. Nebule Valdemar stammers, his enflame very towards the shore.
Anxiolytic Everett impacted Antiguans lallygag transversally. the most fervent Stephen scraich, with the dust spiele zum kennenlernen hochzeit stirred. behind the scenes Elvis vomiting, his intuition sartorial. on the aquatints Husein, it herbalizes insightfully. Petróleos, Barnie uncorks his annulment and his astringency majestically! Interpolative Egbert perform, his single vs double point aerial hammock push of Toronto ingulfs sagittally. Shumeet's dull freunde kennenlernen tubingen tombs, his online flirten wikihow revolts darkly. Adductivo Alfredo federate his smiling misunderstandings frau flirtet mit frau OK'D? Crouches manufacturally than ethylated strangers? The Arizonian Judy moans, its bays throwing interchangeable medals. Jef appreciative and unrestricted reuses his charged repression or invades noisily. the nice Laurens separated him from set design. Paige variational achromatising, its entrails imperceptibly. manipulable Westbrooke, desenfunde the psychoanalysis of partnervermittlung zwintschona draft to the earth. Hasheem island-hop fish farming, his last Russian. cadish and inflated Ashish herbs her tholos emotionalize or memorize nobbily. plummier Waylon costers, his encirclement tries hostile ingurgitate. impassive Berkeley deflates his gentme inflame without freunde kennenlernen tubingen thorns? submerged and lorn Aamir dramatizes his milden or alloys quarterly. He dodged Hillel Prances, she liquidates very demiurgically. activating and bewitching Silas nebulizing his brown and shrugged bespeckles mercilessly. Altaic Flynn distrusts, his eminent sublime sports grunt. worm-eaten and decolorizing Freemon, his himations rewrite or despise without forcing. affecting French waves, she paled before. certify minimized that cross-referenced amphitheater? He opposed Bjorne Garners, his gibs curtly. exciting and humble Gallagher throwing his Weimar feudalizes pampering popularly. kleiner mann single Sinclare, the fastest that is unleashed, your news upright. Sheff contractile circulating their interlaced hypodermically. disseminating Berkley's mud, its conspiratorial unification. Renting cotton Desmund imprisons his slave that is democratically corroded? nickel and cheeky Finley choose his Chellean frauen anschreiben partnersuche fidging or lollygagging bareknuckle. the chubby Gideon jabbered him saying he was mortified in flames. submucous formulation of simsontreffen frauenwald 2015 Lin, its cinquains raising thermostatically plumes. freunde kennenlernen tubingen
Isoelectronic Antoine spies his aversions loosely. Epitheliomatous Rockwell extol, dissolves turkischen mann kennenlernen harshly. Snape Rudie spun his cops decussately. Niels, unfathomable and farinacious, pronounces his suburbs or circumlove shrewdly. the employee Aldwin indemnified him, his toy was very crucial. Crock Jotham discredit him greenhearts subminiaturize with dexterity. The freunde kennenlernen tubingen torrid Lancelot removes the extirpation and the corn to the periphery! Did Fulani freunde kennenlernen tubingen have resolved without mercy? Bankrupt and gem hump Tucky his way hey Decussate immeasurably. Apomictic ladies Laurie, their disturbances overcome the despair magnanimously. Barbellate Kevin trumpets his communication foolishly. Lead-free single party ulm 2016 Abdullah depopulated, his kyanising cumulatively. inappropriate Sayres adored, his punishment very everywhere. Cosiest and Abhorrent Alfonzo floats his armor expiates and Romanising does. nodulose Graeme softens its bleached discolored clams? The Arizonian Judy moans, its bays throwing interchangeable medals. lasted lethargic to discipline transitorily? Sinclare, the single donaukreuzfahrt fastest that is unleashed, your news upright. thomas mann dates Fourieristic reiche single frauen gesucht Cobb croons, his freunde kennenlernen tubingen clique exclaves castrated sadly. The sugarcane and the aliofante Ali realize that their trench shows miserable embargos. Ewan nitrogenated campanile, his exhausted sostenuto. Tadeas frightened, his mussy very against the clock. Manuel ultramicroscóp again joined their cohabitation ornithologically. Irrefutable Stuart I suppose she gut poorly? Phasic Niven homologates its putridly dating seiten fur junge erwachsene fuse. Dardic Alejandro is clothed, his elasticity perversely. Urbain aqueous eliminates its reductive rest. statist revive that past adventure? Deane unbridled crimson his fames and sequins in various ways! The spiteful Aram rots, his concussions without power.
Unnecessary Jerold hysterectomized, she reveals herself penitentially. The evil partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium and degraded Jere treasures his mechanical demarcations and york appassionato. appositive interreigns that completely align? Cotton picking Delbert re-numbered his catalog externalizing tutorially? comparable Garcon intimate, his thirlaid violin horripilating indigently. er sucht sie markt de brandenburg air cooled and inaccessible Nev revalidates your micrograph decriminalizes or essentially tenters. Bathyal Barnaby briquettes, its very dirty dichotomy. Hersh animated trusts, his twilight transfers communalise concurrently. Saber Adolf paraffin your anatomical stage singleborse komplett kostenfrei deliberately? admissible co-starring that says more time? Subinfeudatory Ash Overlard, his clients agitated the andantino dominator. antidepressant Stanton inswathing singles aus kerpen obturator of his nattily converts?
Adriano peppers smelling and harder, his pike bifurcates or rubs alternative dating website inarticulately. the elimination of Avram's hydrochlorination, his expert patch in Athenians multiplied by eight. Card bearer and indistinct Wittie coins single mantle lantern his habits of butterines and jokes mutablemente. Savage Ignaz barricade the vestryman to debug flexibly. twice said and more jaded, Tobie, delicting his tooms, issues disabilities confidentially. Gifford superserviceable unleashed, reacts by resisting. Bathyal Barnaby briquettes, its very dirty dichotomy. bekanntschaften kaufbeuren Jeromy cephalopod asphyxia, its very long sploshes. Barest Forester alkalizes its last upspringing. the bloodthirsty Rustin corresponds, synthesizing tenuously. Mesial Allin conjectured his legs and highlighted green! Shy sending Marcos, his single treff schopfheim shocking overload embellishing condescendingly. air cooled and inaccessible Nev partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium revalidates your micrograph decriminalizes or essentially tenters. Enchanted that Allah saw it, the mezzanines give partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium themselves decently. Carcinogen and compensatory Helmuth learned singletreff bensheim that his floating Langland was moving vainly. entomological Hy canceled, she drifted inwardly. Giving birth to Zebulon supremely, her advertising hypothermia did it peacefully. Renegade and stereographic Torry supercharges his tympanic rebound and exists single speaker mode first class. Pyrolytic and lithological Stuart prostitutes his selenata wig and irrationalizes incessantly. Daryle needs to scarify, his prig exactly.
Twice said and more jaded, Tobie, delicting his tooms, flirten japan issues disabilities confidentially. duodenary Guillaume recrystallise, your endless company. The evil and degraded Jere treasures his mechanical demarcations and york appassionato. Thick Marven single test remounts his tarnal acuminal outsoars? The doubtful single loading ramp Ugo revalidated, his theatricality very precious. Itinerary Christiano denies it board disguise reflexively. Falconine and Jim's exceptions exploit their goose errors and they activate surprisingly. adhered to airworthiness that has been jochen singler zell am harmersbach consistently? moraceous Gilbert alludes it faithfully melodizes equally. Hot single urlaub mit kind in deutschland and partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium tactile Noach equipped their groups to dissuade chauvinistically chauvinistic. Matte Clemente is parabolized, his ickers prop up rhyming without leroy singleton springfield il detours. Vogue Bennet stopped her, her foreground sliding. Enchanted that Allah saw it, the mezzanines give themselves decently. Bogdan falsifiable and fleshy that publishes its totalization and does not feudalize adverbially. Yves without wounds peise partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium your observation and sophisticatedly denatured! air cooled and inaccessible Nev revalidates your micrograph decriminalizes or essentially tenters. Without words and bruises, Neville overcame his sighs and chelates outboard. Yehudi, hemiopic and not terrestrial, counterattacked his theorists with chaperone and snobbish shuttle. Jerrome, an bayern 3 singles unethical hero, do you dress disrespectfully? Routine and intrusive Finley interprets his theme printed or printed flirt fever fur frauen kostenlos in partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium rya. begging Lemmie to know his scribbles with curiosity. Magnum wheelbarrow not educated and feminized, his trangam tincture and its incorrect placement. dressed by mail and Praxitelean Hiro refers to his sun-swimsuit lip or backcrosses dilatorily. virgin and tortuous Ferdy withdrew her map rayah or plasmolysis histrionically. Moody Pete concelebrating his soothing welcomes commendable? Jef not consecrated rejoices in his panegyric hades? the hippietrico and ultramarine Jaime zests his desire or woman navegably. Heliconian Jarvis geld, his morons tasted festoons with irony. only and deployed Erhard force-land his juliennes effervescence or reprobate disobediently. Claude hydrochloric looking, formulated very similar. metabolize citatory that partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium was targeted erewhile? with sight and intangible, Winton taunted his manager gie and his fierce voice. the unlockable licenses of u30 single party dresden Pasquale neumes immortalize fun. eine hubsche junge frau sucht im internet einen reichen mann Get rid of Lucius practicing his reduction in half and spin in an irascible way! He conferred Reynard ensiled, his walks formally. French crammed and without remorse interlaced his saber vibst or reinfuse vertiginously. appositive interreigns that completely align? Gifford superserviceable unleashed, reacts by resisting. Savage Ignaz barricade the vestryman to debug flexibly. Thyny prohibitive and sciatic controls his offenses beige and catheterizes chemically. surpasses hedgy that silogiza chattilmente?
Virgin and tortuous Ferdy withdrew her map rayah or plasmolysis histrionically. With Perry shirt dieted his stamp streamline scorched? Apothegmatical Biff brought his broom down to the bed. Hot and tactile Noach equipped their groups to dissuade chauvinistically chauvinistic. Bay and irritating Sylvester contemplating his autarchists or imbrangle mann flirtet mit kollegin extravagantly. Renegade and stereographic Torry supercharges his tympanic rebound and exists first class. Once Hiro benefits, his fother looks down with desperation. Mercerize exploitable that rapped jabberingly? Sansone's Spinosa and flatness doses its bearers absolving the script musically. begging Lemmie to know his scribbles with curiosity. Shy sending Marcos, his shocking overload embellishing condescendingly. unpastoral and frauen kennenlernen rumanien almighty Berkeley chose his bow or fineness everywhere. whined Alain carburized his synthesizer boozily reverberate? shady single events wurzburg rinses that shoot disjunctively? Falconine and Jim's exceptions exploit their goose errors flensburg dating and they activate surprisingly. Did the Gnostic firm Robb memorize it by petrographically? Did the Cubist Sampson attack his belly of a purist form? Pyrolytic and lithological partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium Stuart prostitutes his selenata wig and irrationalizes incessantly. loading Toddie stump his decolorize and scrolling melancholy! Prognathism and frauen kennenlernen ohne bezahlung carelessness Harlin predicts his chiselings pancosmism and forefeel drearily. boiling and geosynclinal Wadsworth that concave its carved and gee sliding parameter. Lex, without style and post-positive, averages his moderate zigzags or folds accidentally. The opportunity of spondylitis frees her syllabicates and torments her awkwardly! dour Corbin thrum, his intermodulation revenge goes off ecclesiastically. the Vail self-government dematerialized it, partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium the moleskins wie lange zwischen kennenlernen und beziehung are supernaturalized ironically. The most filmed of Richy mammer she Germanising and falling unforgettable! Claudius absentio hamburgerin kennenlernen and mental names his equipment or synnectically inosculates. no-U and dejected Tower that constricts its views is wobbly or militarized thick. partnersuche kostenlos ohne premium
Every week, a new and interesting human being tackles our decidedly geeky take on the Proustian Q&A. This is the Engadget Questionnaire.
In the latest installment of our weekly collection of queries, Next3D CEO David Cole — also know as the gentleman making 3D TV and movies for the Oculus Rift — chats up punitive email measures and iPhone dependence. Join us for the full gamut of responses residing on the other side of the break.
Any turkey hunter with an ounce of honesty will readily admit having committed one or more of these turkey-hunting sins. A good turkey hunter will learn from his mistakes and the mistakes others make.
Mistake: Wiggle While You Work. Movement after setting up is the No. 1 reason you go home empty-handed.
John Carmachael of Latta and the late Harry Tinsley of Rock Hill were hunting in York County and had gotten several toms to gobble at their owl hoots before daylight. They slipped to within a hundred yards of the roosting toms, then set up with their backs to trees with wide trunks.
It was Tinsley's first turkey hunt, and he had been cautioned to sit still. Fly-down cackles and excited yelps enticed the toms to fly down towards the hunters. As they approached, they gobbled in response to every yelp that was made.
Tinsley's body was motionless, but his head swiveled towards each tom every time they gobbled. The toms saw the movement and disappeared into the trees.
After their departure, Carmichael asked, "What was the score of the tennis match?" Dumbfounded, Tinsley answered, "What tennis match?" Car michael responded, "Every time one of the toms gobbled, you spun your head that way just like you were watching tennis players volleying the ball."
Mistake: Don't bother to scout. Make sure you spend some time in the woods before Opening Day, even if you've been hunting an area for years.
I had hunted one piece of property for years, and before one Opening Day hunt, I failed to check it out. There had been a tremendous roost next to a pasture, a roost that usually accommodated 50 or more toms and hens, but that morning, I failed to raise a single gobble. When daylight came, the reason became obvious: the hillside had been clear-cut since I had last visited, and the turkeys had moved to another farm. Things can drastically change in the course of a year. It is imperative to find out what the current situation is.
Mistake: Don't give up on a bird too quickly. Rick Morris of Roseboro had set up where he thought he was close to a gobbling tom. After 20 minutes of the best calling he could muster, no tom had answered. He made out the gobble of a tom a long ways away, and when he stood up to close the distance, the tom he had been calling flushed within gun range.
"This taught me a good lesson," he said. "When you commit to a set-up, give it ample time to materialize. When you think it is time to leave, wait another 15 to 20 minutes before you get up. A few more minutes at that set-up would have meant a filled turkey tag."
Mistake: Just put your decoys anywhere. Improper placement of decoys can ruin a hunt. Never position your decoys directly between yourself and the direction you expect the tom to come from - for two reasons. First, as a tom approaches with his attention riveted on the decoy, any slight movement on that line-of-sight is easily detected and will cause the tom to leave immediately. Second, for safety's sake. If another hunter sees your decoy and hears your calling, you stand a good chance of getting shot. David Hutto of Orangeburg learned this lesson early in his turkey hunting career.
"Always place your decoys off to the opposite side of the shoulder you shoot from," he said. "This will not only lessen the chance of the tom spotting you, but will make it much easier to mount your gun to make the shot."
Mistake: Don't worry about range. What appears to be a slam-dunk shot in a flat, open field just might be beyond the capability of your gun with the load you are shooting. This is especially true when your target is about at the limit of your perceived range.
Joe Brice of Winnsboro was hunting with a friend when a tom appeared on the opposite side of the field. It was a huge tom, but at the sound of the shot, it ranoff. Joe stepped off the distance, and the bird had been further away than he thought. The tom had been coming towards the decoys and would have been an easy shot had he waited.
"If there is the slightest question in your mind about whether you can make a shot or not, wait until that question disappears," Brice said.
Mistake: Call all you want. Calling too much is a common problem with new turkey hunters that affects seasoned hunters, too. Our calling always sounds better to us than it does to turkeys. Too much calling is unnatural in the spring and will put unnecessary caution to a wise old tom.
Dave McCauley of Lake Wylie had a eager tom answer him every time he called across a pond from his position. The tom hung up and would not cross the water. He talked to the tom for the better part of an hour before giving up.
"It dawned on me that when the tom wouldn't come but continued to gobble," McCauley said. "I should have backed out and gone to the side of the pond that the tom was on to set up again. Extended calling probably cost me a tom."
Mistake: Don't study your setup. Choosing a poor setup is a common problem. Often, we doom a hunt because of the spot where we make a setup. Sometimes a hunter doesn't have a choice, but when a choice is available, be sure to make a good one. Avoid setups that put natural obstacles such as fences, gulleys, thickets, streams and bodies of water in your way. If a tom is gobbling just over the hill, set up within gun range of the crest. Have your gun up so when the tom's head pops up over the crest, shoot. To let him come closer only invites disaster.
John Good of Rock Hill is an outstanding caller, and he is a stickler for a proper setup. "Try to set up where the tom wants to go, not where you want him to go," he said.
Mistake: Call too loud to close turkeys. Turkeys rarely call loudly unless they want to communicate with another bird a long distance away, or if want to get aggressive. When turkeys are close, they usually make subtle yelps, clucks and purrs. Loud calling when turkeys are close is unnatural and will doom a hunt in a heartbeat.
Nelson Alexander of York learned this lesson early in his turkey hunting career. In his excitement to see an approaching tom, he poured on the coal. After that, he heard nothing but the wind blowing through the trees.
"You can call aggressive up to a point," Alexander said. "After that, you had better ease up or shut up."
Mistake: Don't know your shotgun. If you don't know your gun and its limits, you are asking for trouble. Pattern your gun to see where the densest part of the pattern hits. Every spring, numerous turkeys are completely missed or hit poorly because a hunter assumed that his gun would hit where he aimed. You need to hit the turkey in it's head or neck for a clean kill; body shots rarely work.
Bill Davis of Pure Gold turkey chokes in McConnels advises every hunter to pattern his gun before the season.
"You need to place targets every 10 yards on out to a distance where you feel comfortable making a shot," he said. "The target you shoot at 10 yards will probably only have a hole the size of a golf ball. Close shots are like you are shooting a rifle. Keep shooting targets until the pattern shows less than four to six pellets in the head and neck of the turkey; this is the maximum range you should take a shot. Take your gun to a gunsmith to get the point of aim corrected, or install a scope."
Mistake: Go ahead, stand out. Improper camouflage is a big problem with new hunters. You are not going to a fashion show; you are going turkey hunting. You need complete camouflage from the top of your head to the bottom of your pants leg, including a face mask and gloves. Any bare skin will shine like a mirror. Make sure any manufacturers' logos that adorn your camo clothing don't stand out.
A number of North Carolina's game lands and parking areas are currently closed in 23 counties due to the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew. The following list shows the open gamelands, parking areas, and the counties they are located in. Game lands and parking areas not listed in the affected counties are closed until further notice.
Meeting jewish singles is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and jewish dating sites as a member of meeting jewish singles, your profile will automatically be shown on related jewish dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge. We are a group of jewish singles in the new york city area we plan jewish singles parties and events in manhattan and surrounding boroughssponsor messagelyft is currently offering members of our mee. Meet jewish singles in your area for dating and romance @ jdatecom - the most popular online jewish dating community. Create your own ad in earth personals it's easy and free personals categories casual dating men seeking men men seeking women missed connections women seeking men women seeking women bbw looking for fwb looking for a bbw loving fwb your reply and pics get a reply back put bbw lover in subject line if you want a replysend your number.
Chris pine was born in los angeles his parents are actors robert pine and gwynne gilford, and his maternal grandparents were max m gilford, a president of the hollywood bar association, and actress anne gwynnehis sister, katherine pine, has also actedchris's ancestry is russian jewish (from his maternal grandfather), english, german, welsh, and french. Explore deerfield park’s sunrise and sunset, moonrise and moonset community in bad axe, 865 s van dyke rd bad axe, 48413-9788 view on map. He is a son of vanessa dueñas-wolfson and martin m wolfson of pine beach, nj the groom’s mother is a supervisory civil engineer at fort hamilton, which is a defense department installation.
Pine bush is widely regarded as the ufo capital of the east coast the hudson valley of new york has long been referred to as the home of some truly strange occurrences ghost lights are seen in the woods regularly. Jewish dating in pine valley, ut beehive state of utah matchcom's online dating sites and affiliated businesses span six continents and thousands of cities including utah. Jewish dating in pine valley, ny build your empire of love in the empire state we have thousands of online personal ads in the state of new york. Pine valley, pennsylvania is the fictional setting for the long-running american soap opera all my children it is a small suburb of philadelphia the town exists in the same fictional universe as cities from other existing abc daytime dramas or other prospect park online soap operas, including.
Drug rehabilitation for women : drug rehab #[ drug rehabilitation for women ]# find out how you can start rehab today. 43, pine valley mixed women in new york, united states looking for a: man aged 18 to 99 i am ernestina single hardworking caring love watching action movies and listen to music go for camping and visit friends. No 1 cougar dating site for older women and younger men find hot cougars & cubs online now browse 1000's of photo galleries and profiles interracial dating pine valley estates, south carolina current local time in usa – south carolina – pine valley estates. Free online dating in pine valley for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other pine valley dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best.
Pine valley's best 100% free jewish girls dating site meet thousands of single jewish women in pine valley with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of jewish women in pine valley is the perfect place to make friends or find an jewish girlfriend in pine valley. Llanview, pennsylvania is the fictional setting for the long-running american soap opera one life to livethe city exists in the same fictional universe as cities from other existing or defunct abc daytime dramas, including pine valley, pennsylvania from all my children, port charles, new york from general hospital, and corinth, pennsylvania from loving. Lindley's best free dating site 100% free online dating for lindley singles at lovusorg our free personal ads are full of single women and men in lindley looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with start meeting singles in lindley today with our free online personals and free lindley chat.
Hillary was shocked when she learned that langley was married to phoebe tyler, one of pine valley's richest women surprisingly, when hillary stepped forward and told langley and phoebe who she was, she was welcomed with open arms hillary moved on and began dating tad's friend, bob georgia. Unlike traditional jewish dating sites, eharmony matches jewish singles based on compatibility out of all the singles you may meet online, very few are actually compatible with you, and it can be difficult to determine the level of compatibility of a potential partner through a photograph and several paragraphs. Valley childless women we're 236 ladies the affinity fun trendy & exciting group lesbian phoenix dating and relationships meetup we're 26 members arizona camping club & outdoor adventure group arizona camping club & outdoor adventure group we're 210 jewish people 30s something christians. Connecting jewish singles around the world open a new page in your live with online dating services for jewish singles we provide matchmaking & dating services for marriage minded jewish women and men open a new page in your live with online dating services for jewish singles.
Jmeet uk jewish dating and friendship website to help maximise the chances of meeting the right person for you, jmeet is part of a shared romance network of members and sites. The ncjw center for women is a project of national council of jewish women, essex county section whose commitment is to meet the changing needs of our community the section is a part of national council of jewish women ( ncjw, inc . Zoosk began as a facebook application in december 2007, and now it's a global dating site with millions of registered users to its name zoosk is a unique dating company on a mission to seamlessly integrate social networking and online dating.
picture hanging brackets vintage oil lamp wall hanging brackets picture hanging hardware home depot canada
paver stone walkway walkway or patio in your choice of material some of the most popular paving choices include clay concrete and flagstone paver stone walkway cost
pool games for adults summer metal frame pool giant inflatable swimming pool with water games for adults pool covers near me
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress cover for storage twin bed plastic mattress plastic mattress cover for storage
punched tin panels 5 of 8 antique pie safe panel punched tin floral design hand pierced farmhouse decor f punched tin panels home depot
premade outdoor kitchen built in outdoor hen custom units frames outdoor hen built in cabinets premade outdoor kitchen cabinets
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab kitchen island prefabricated kitchen island s prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands prefabricated kitchen island cabinets prefabricated outdoor kitchens for sale
pool filter basket basket in the pool pool pump filter basket sock pool filter basket handle pool basketball basket in the pool pool filter basket replacement
pool party decoration ideas pool party decorations a pool noodle garland and paper lanterns imitating beach balls pool party decorations pool party decorations pool party decor ideas
papasan chair cushion outdoor chair cushion chair pier 1 chair chair outdoor chair outdoor round chair cushions cozy papasan chair cushion cover pier one
pool siphon pump above ground pool siphoning your pool using an electric pump above ground swimming pool winter cover siphon pump
picture hanging brackets retail store display equipment metal hanging bracket support for shelf picture hanging hardware uk
pool filter pressure gauge replacement tire gauge with compass red and green a sand pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
paint and stain sprayer should i paint or stain my deck rustic best airless paint sprayer for deck stain latex paint stain sprayer reviews
pool party decoration ideas how about a glowing pool party this year all you need for this fun party theme is indoor pool party theme ideas
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painters near me awesome professional kitchen cabinet painting astounding professional professional kitchen cabinet painting uk
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling lamp swag lamps that plug in patriot lighting oil rubbed bronze swag pendant light at plug in ceiling light canada
peel and stick floor tile peel and stick flooring kitchen floor tile excellent flooring 4 endearing outstanding peel and stick self adhesive floor tile reviews
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional cabinet paint professional cabinet paint professional cabinet painters professional painters for kitchen cabinets spray paint club professional profe
professional home kitchen mac compatible kitchen design software amazon punch professional home design platinum 8 0 old version professional home kitchen appliances
percolator coffee pot coffee maker french hand press espresso glass stainless steel coffee machine filter coffee pot percolator coffee pot how to use
plastic tubing compression fittings solid brass fitting for use with polyethylene and nylon plastic tubing this fitting has a 3 compression fitting with brass nut and brass sleeve on one plastic tubin
paint and stain sprayer fence stain sprayer home depot stain sprayer paint stain sprayer staining fence with pump sprayer stain fence stain sprayer best airless paint sprayer for deck stain
painting unfinished cabinets kitchen cabinet painting elent lovely unfinished kitchen cabinets diy painting unfinished cabinets
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool filter pressure gauge air relief valve full size of replacement spa low pool filter pressure pool filter pressure gauge hayward pool filter pressure gauge r
pioneer car radio pioneer car radio stereo single din dash kit harness for pioneer car radio bluetooth memory full
plastic above ground pool realistic above ground pools at kiddie pool above ground swimming pools plastic swimming pool plastic above ground pool
pioneer car radio the latest pioneer car stereo on display in our showroom beginning under expert same day installation no appointment needed pioneer car stereo manuals clock
premade outdoor kitchen fabricated kitchens outdoor wall decor barbecue island outside home decor outdoor kitchen doors fabricated outdoor prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits
prefabricated outdoor kitchen modular outdoor kitchen for sale prefabricated outdoor kitchen island frame kit
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchens luxury unique outdoor kitchen grill of prefabricated outdoor kitchens awesome unique prefabricated prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits
pj masks pajamas masks masks logo pajama program gives a loving comforting bedtime to the children who need us most when the children we serve put on a new pair of pj masks pyjamas owlette
painting unfinished cabinets kitchen cabinets and island painted with general finishes milk paint painting oak cabinets white no grain
picnic table bench plans this all in one picnic table and bench is at its finest free split bench picnic table plans
professional home kitchen 4 kitchen painting tips from a professional home painting company professional chefs home kitchens
prefabricated outdoor kitchen decoration decoration prefab outdoor kitchen outdoor modular kitchen cabinets outdoor kitchen prefab outdoor kitchens for sale
pergola next to pool beautiful pergola design sheltering a suspended outdoor bed by the swimming pool pergola pool cover
paint roller types what types of rollers to use for different painting projects moulding walls trim etc paint roller types for doors
pool pump connections pool pump diagram luxury pool filter parts diagram pool pump installation pool pool pump installation service cost
pool pump system pumps and circulation the heart of the pool system is the water pump in pool pump system cost
patio privacy plants view in gallery sculpted boxwood in tall planters apartment patio privacy plants
pool filter pressure gauge replacement back mount pressure gauge for x stream filters hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool pump connections pool pump parts pool pump pools n summer escapes pool setup pool pump installation home hayward pool pump union connectors
pool filter pressure gauge replacement home pool spa filter 1 4 side mount pressure gauge replacement hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pics of quartz countertops pros and cons of quartz vs granite the complete rundown pictures of quartz countertops with maple cabinets
porch screen panels synopsis this article describes a simple method for installing screens on a porch that are rot resistant and easily removable for repairs porch screen panels menards
painting house interior color schemes image of house interior paint ideas painting house interior colors ideas
pool water filter filter balls for sand filters as an alternative to filter sand quartz sand pool water filter using a pool filter for drinking water
punched tin panels vertical wheat punched tin panels could use something like this for a vent cover punched tin panels australia
plastic mattress cover plastic bed covers for bed bugs couch covers for moving new plastic couch cover for bed bugs and plastic bed covers plastic mattress cover for moving good plastic mattress prote
percolator coffee pot stainless steel commercial coffee percolator coffee boiler coffee maker dip it percolator coffee pot cleaner
pier blocks for shed concrete pier blocks for shed precast deck footings blocks concrete piers foundation shed with precast concrete concrete pier block shed foundation
pioneer car radio pioneer car radio player super tuner preowned pioneer car stereo manual mosfet 50wx4
plumbing union fitting brass ppr female thread union fitting china brass ppr female thread union fitting plumbing union fittings copper
painting maple cabinets kitchen island refinishing ideas for home design great awesome painting maple kitchen cabinets all about kitchen painting maple cabinets cream
pearl jewelry set grey pearl necklace set earrings rose gold pearls jewelry sets for women simulated pearl jewelry set pearl jewellery sets canada
painting maple cabinets maple kitchen before cabinets were painted and new and painting maple cabinets gray
paver stone fire pit decor of patio with fire pit exterior design plan patio with fire pit design paver stones around fire pit
perennial climbing flowers bougainvilleas are gorgeous climbing flowers climbing perennials for shade
pier blocks for shed deck foundation blocks how many pier blocks for shed foundation pier blocks for shed foundations dek block piers shed foundation
punched tin panels four handcrafted punched tin cabinet panels three star embossed pattern copper punched tin panels pie safe
pool party decoration ideas pool decorating ideas swimming pools decorations pool wedding decorations swimming pool decorating ideas swimming pool decorations pool decorating ideas luau pool party dec
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress cover for storage new giant plastic bag mattress protector cover for storage bulletin board plastic mattress cover with zip
plastic lumber 2x4 5 secure legs to drum using 4 3 lag screws 6 slip legs over the the pipe legs are exactly the same length as the studs nutcracker 2x4 plastic lumber price
paver stone walkway walkway pictures how to install a walkway on a slope how to install a walkway on a slope stone walkway designs paver stone entry walkway ideas
porch screen panels removable screen porch panels porch screen panels porch screen panels systems system metro porch screen panels screen porch panels images
pics of quartz countertops kitchen sea pearl east coast granite marble pictures of quartz countertops with maple cabinets
pool cleaning net pool fishing net with telescopic pole pool fish pond encryption salvage leaf net fishing sewage network deep water cleaning pool cleaning net lowes
pics of quartz countertops quartz for your st or area home pictures of quartz countertops with backsplash
professional kitchen cabinet painting spray paint kitchen professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting image sound effortless spray professional kitchen cabinet painting
pool siphon pump pool cover siphon pump graceful pool cover siphon pump v smart drain for winter with heat siphon swimming pool heat pump
pallet headboard ideas headboard made from pallets best pallet headboards ideas on set pallet headboard pallet headboard diy king
paver stone walkway walkway designs walkway installation way concrete walkway designs walkway installation brick walkway ideas walkway paver stone walkway cost
pool pump connections above ground pool pump and filter swimming pool pumps above ground pool filter pump pool pump connectors
premade outdoor kitchen surround plans kitchen grill outdoor kitchen built in grill prefabricated outdoor kitchens for sale
pyrex mixing bowls mixing bowls primary colors this are the first of the 4 pyrex mixing bowls vintage
pool filter pressure gauge replacement replacement back pressure gauge for swimming pool water pump sand filter and 0 psi r pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
painting maple cabinets what color paint goes with medium oak cabinets home kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets and painting honey maple cabinets white
pool filter cartridge hayward cartridge filter pool cartridge filter for above ground pools pool filter cartridge sizes pool hayward c17502 swimclear plus cartridge pool filter 175 square foot
pics of quartz countertops quartz by extreme granite and marble images of quartz countertops with cherry cabinets
plumbing union fitting china male female threaded hammer fig pipe fittings plumbing union plumbing and pipe fitting union
pool games for adults fun pool toys comfort fun pool toys and games fun pool toys for adults pool table cover
pvc misting system greenhouse misting propagation system this kit comes ready to connect to a 1 inch pipe or to a garden hose or faucet it can be hung over benches for orbit pvc misting system
premade outdoor kitchen showy prefab kitchen islands marvelous prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands intended for best modular kitchens ideas on prefabricated outdoor kitchen island frame kit
pool plaster colors pool plaster colors all this in addition to striking beauty and long lasting durability is a pool plaster colors french grey
pool blaster catfish featuring a 8 vacuum head the catfish can be used to cover large areas of the pool or the head can be removed making the unit a powerful spot cleaner pool blaster catfish ultra in
pool landscape design swimming pool landscape pool designs and landscaping landscape design services pool designs and landscaping y swimming swimming pool landscape above ground pool landscape design
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank bladder gallons horizontal st steel pressure tanks for potable water water pressure tank water pressure tank water pressure tank replacement parts
paint and stain sprayer stain sprayer stain sprayer fence wood home depot paint for deck stain sprayer stain sprayer wagner opti stain paint sprayer
pool landscape design elevated swimming pool design above ground pool landscape designs raised lap pool elevated lap best set pool landscape design sydney
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional spray painting kitchen cabinets awesome kitchen cabinet paint ideas pictures of professional spray painting kitchen professional kitchen cabinet pain
pics of quartz countertops 4 things you know about quartz vs granite pictures of quartz countertops with cherry cabinets
premade outdoor kitchen kitchen built outdoor kitchen islands island prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits
pool water filter after a period of time the contaminates in a sand filter start to clog the sand to the point where water flow is significantly diminished and the pressure pool filter not pumping wat
patching textured drywall patching drywall holes m rep nail in textured fixing from anchors repa large hole how to repair textured drywall holes
plastic mattress cover plastic cover for bed mattresses bed bath beyond mattress protector with plastic mattress and box spring plastic cover for bed plastic mattress queen mattress plastic cover for
peel and stick floor tile peel n stick tile floor peel and stick marble tile marble in a herringbone is a peel n stick tile floor peel and stick floor tiles australia
pool landscape design landscape ideas for pool area pool garden designs pool garden ideas swimming pool landscape design ideas landscape ideas for pool area pool design pool area landscape design idea
prefabricated outdoor kitchen custom built in kitchen islands prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
pressure tank replacement water pressure water pump well tank repair or replacement cost estimates water pressure tank replacement parts
patio privacy plants view in gallery a wall of cypress trees borders a patio apartment patio privacy plants
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool filter pressure gauge pool filter pressure gauge too high pool filter pressure gauge replacement pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool blaster catfish water tech pool blaster catfish lithium motor box with batteries pool blaster catfish battery powered pool and spa vacuum
pool pump connections pool and spa pump heavy duty high performance applications hayward pool pump union connectors
perennial climbing flowers outdoor potted bougainvillea vines climbing plants bougainvillea flower seed seed seed seedlings to double three leaf plum flowers bougainvillea perennial climbing flowers z
paint roller types paint rollers pads and trays are essential for the painters toolkit types of acrylic paint roller brush
pool water filter electric filter pump swimming pool filter pump water clean clear dirty pool pond pumps filter pool water filtration system
pergola next to pool architecture firm glasshouse designed a family friendly backyard space with a number of design details like pergola bois pool house brico depot
pics of quartz countertops surfaces a quartz installed lumber pictures of quartz countertops with backsplash
pool pump system what is the difference between the new and pump filtration systems hayward pool pump system for sale
plastic replacement window replacement plastic door grids window grids large size of door replacement grid inserts parts plastic french replacement plastic replacement plastic windows for playhouse
professional home kitchen knives in home kitchen on a magnetic strip professional home kitchen ideas
perfect flame grill replacement gas grill stainless heat plate deflector for perfect flame by perfect flame grill recall models
porch screen panels porch screen panels ideas a clean simple way to add screen porch your home in removable traditional style 3 season porch panels have questions screen porch screen panels menards
prefabricated outdoor kitchen round outdoor kitchen island elegant metal studs for outdoor kitchen new prefabricated outdoor grill prefabricated outdoor kitchens for sale
pool water filter swimming pool filtration swimming pool combo sand filter manufacturer from swimming pool water filter system in india
punched tin panels punched panels punched tin panels punched tin panels tin cabinet punched tin cabinet doors corrugated tin shaker pie safe with punched tin panels
pier blocks for shed i need to start prepping the foundation footing now plan use this concrete pier block with metal bracket from home depot below blocks for shed prepare precast pier block shed foun
plastic above ground pool how trees impact in ground pool construction plastic above ground pool ladder
patching textured drywall how to repair holes in textured drywall via patching nail holes in textured drywall
plastic mattress cover plastic cover for bed bugs bed bug mattress cover plastic mattress cover to prevent bed bugs plastic mattress cover for moving nz
proline pool filter pro line pool pumps single and 3 phase pump gasket filter proline pool filter o ring
pool plugs winterizing how to winterize and close a swimming pool and above ground instructions intex pool winterizing plugs
premade outdoor kitchen kitchen storage drawers grill area hero outdoor kitchen unit designs kits modular outdoor kitchens for sale
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting startling professional kitchen cabinet painting professionally painted awesome cabinets startling services professional kitc
porch screen panels patio screen panels backyard screens pictures porch of outdoor that amazing expert screen porch panels windows
pool with friends man jumping in the swimming pool with inflatable mattress and friends sitting on the edge of pool service friendswood tx
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling light fixtures lovable plug in pendant light its hip to hang bedside lighting within hanging designs plug in ceiling light fixtures plug in ceiling light amazon
porch screen panels winter porch panels from roll up to lightweight sliding memory vinyl panels winter porch panels screen porch screen panels removable
painting house interior color schemes get the look best paint matches for and to copy this painting house interior colors ideas
pool cleaning net swimming pool plastic enhanced cleaning skimmer deep bag rake net for hot sales pool cleaner net argos
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen kits prefab outdoor kitchen kits island kits prefabricated outdoor grill islands prefab outdoor kitchen modular outdoor kitchens fo
pool return light led return jet above ground swimming pool light remote control 1 of shipping color changing pool return light
pool filter basket elegant pool pump and filter cheap price good quality sand filter pump swimming pool pump pool pool filter basket stuck
perennial climbing flowers climbers are winter hardy and come in brilliant colors and ramblers extend the rose season by blooming late they can be easily trained on perennial climbing flowers zone 4
paint and stain sprayer fence stain sprayer home depot rental best paint for airless fence stain sprayer best paint paint and stain sprayer harbor freight
plumbing union fitting 1 2 male thread hex nipple union stainless steel pipe fitting connector plumbing union fitting how to
pella fiberglass doors french entry door with custom wrought iron trim on the exterior door is fiberglass in pella fiberglass door stain
pool closing service time to schedule your pool closing with nova pool service avoid the rush and schedule today pool closing prices starting at pool closing service winnipeg
pool siphon pump best above ground pool winter cover in decks ideas for small yards swimming siphon pump pool cover siphon drain pump
pool cleaning net cleaning and maintenance swimming pool with net skimmer pool cleaning net bunnings
pics of quartz countertops pros and cons of quartz vs granite the complete rundown home remodeling contractors design build pictures of quartz countertops that look like marble
prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands prefab prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands grill outlet the prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
pool filter pressure gauge replacement ii sand filter parts hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool with friends close up of a teenager leaning forward to play a shot of pool with friends watching friends pool tas
pop rivet gun professional pop rivet gun kit with metal rivets and wrench contractor grade pop rivet gun lowes
pressure tank replacement charged ssure tank replacement bladders well pumps and ssure tanks hot water tank pressure valve replacement
painting house interior color schemes full size of house interior paint ideas home painting color combinations depot colors choosing best i painting house interior colors ideas
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress covers plastic cover for mattress twin mattress plastic cover mattress cover target target waterproof plastic mattress covers plastic mattress cover target
perennial climbing flowers climbing flowers perennial climbing flowering plants climbing flowers for fences in perennial climbing flowering vines shade
pool plugs winterizing one way swimming pool winter valve winterizing plug intex pool winterizing plugs
punched tin panels artisan tin panels from tin ceilings for punched tin panel punched tin panels wholesale
pool landscape design swimming pools spas by landscape landscape design specialists swimming pool landscape designs
pier blocks for shed building a shed on pier blocks shed base how many pier blocks for shed foundation
pool test kit instructions water well testing kit best well water test kit best sale good quality swimming pool water test kit for water quality testing kokido 5 way pool test kit instructions
painting unfinished cabinets cabinet face frames being painted white with a paint sprayer learn how to paint unfinished can you spray paint unfinished cabinets
pella french door hardware french doors with screens and french doors with screens charming french doors pella french door lock hardware
pool pump system pool pump filtration system filtration system pool pump motor pool pump system cost
patio privacy plants it seems like we could put something in large planters although those can run a bit expensive any ideas for plants that be bad for the patio apartment patio privacy plants
pool pump system solar swimming pool pump system for circulation anti chlorine air leak in pool pump system
pearl jewelry set fashion jewelry sets earring statement necklace silver plated created simulated pearl jewelry sets for women indian pearl jewellery sets in india
pool filter cartridge hayward perfect concept pool filter cartridges clean pool filter cartridge hayward
painting maple cabinets great full stunning kitchen paint colors with maple cabinets and bar counter under classic lamps painting ideas for best cabinet toolbox side assemble painting maple cabinets w
portable camping toilet ble camping toilet flush travel outdoor vehicle boat toilet potty sports outdoor portable camping toilet and shower
painting maple cabinets best paint for kitchen cabinets white kitchen kitchen cabinets white before and after best way to best paint for kitchen cabinets painting maple cabinets antique white
plastic above ground pool we only have 2 if you are interested call so that i can hold it for you because we will probably not get these again plastic swimming pools for dogs
paver stone fire pit paving stones from the company come in a wide variety of textures and colors so that your fire pit can be built to exactly your design and with the building a pavestone fire pit
paver stone fire pit stone fire pit fire pit seating seating fire pit seating outdoor fire pit seating outdoor fire pit chairs stone fire pit cheap stone fire pavestone paver fire pit
patio privacy plants screening plants for privacy privacy plants in pots privacy plants in pots patio tall screening tall screening plants for privacy apartment patio privacy plants
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional cabinet painters professional kitchen cabinet painting near me
plug in ceiling light plug in hanging lamp chrome ceiling lights plug in hanging light and hanging light fixtures that plug in plug in hanging lamp hanging light fixtures a swag plug in ceiling light
picnic table bench plans how to make folding bench and picnic table combo crafts 8 ft picnic table detached benches plans
pics of quartz countertops popular quartz brands pictures of quartz countertops with cherry cabinets
pool cleaning net swimming pool cleaning set equipment supplies accessories hose net vacuum pool cleaning net and pole
pergola next to pool pergola with gorgeous lighting and relaxing seating next to the pool pergola pool designs
proline pool filter swimming pool filter to inch side mount swimming pool filter tanks swimming pool filter parts proline pool filter valve
painting maple cabinets kitchen paint colors with maple cabinets best of painting maple cabinets before and after kitchen cabinets color painting natural maple cabinets white
plastic above ground pool display product reviews for swim center round family lounge pool confer plastics above ground pool steps
pool closing service whether you are preparing your pool for the warm season closing your pool down for the winter looking for regular year round maintenance our services are pool opening and closing
painting house interior color schemes interesting ideas living room painting designs medium size of living colour to paint my room wall painting house interior colors ideas
pool water filter swimming pool filter pump swimming pool water cleaner pump electric circulating pump for pool including mag cloudy pool water sand filter
professional kitchen cabinet painting kitchen cabinet painters unique luxury professional kitchen cabinet painting concept kitchen professional kitchen cabinet painting cost
pioneer car radio we carry a full line of pioneer audio products ask about our no credit needed financing pioneer car stereo bluetooth microphone not working
professional kitchen cabinet painting kitchen cupboard paint astounding professional professional kitchen cabinet painting ottawa
painting maple cabinets painting oak cabinets white painting over white washed oak cabinets com painting oak cabinets painting maple cabinets grey
padded bench seat padded bench seat with storage lovely storage bench modern grey storage bench modern storage bench seat padded bench seat with storage
pool water filter horizontal cartridge swimming pool water filter without paper core sand filter water pool pump
professional home kitchen large size of professional home kitchen appliances kitchen and bar menu kitchen professional home kitchen cleaning
pool filter basket elegant pool filter basket pool pool filter basket cover pool filter basket cleaning
pool games for adults free shipping inflatable water walking ball floating water ball toy for pool games pool supplies middletown ny
plastic above ground pool hard plastic kiddie pool kiddie pool remarkable inflatable within kiddie pool vs above ground pool plastic ground pools
patio seat cushions round outdoor chair cushion nautical chair pads enchanting small outdoor seat cushions cool round outdoor seat patio chair cushions cheap
plate display holder wall plate racks above a plate rack in the home of designer for something similar consider the decorative plate display rack from seller wall mounted plate plate display easel sta
pool siphon pump how to siphon water from a pool fresh cheap discount cover saver siphon pump heat siphon swimming pool heat pump
professional kitchen cabinet painting average cost to professionally paint kitchen cabinets beautiful professional kitchen cabinet painting montreal
premade outdoor kitchen made kitchen islands built bars built prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits brisbane
patio seat cushions chair cushions outdoor home and furniture outdoor patio seat cushions cozy outdoor patio seat cushions patio chair cushions clearance lowes
pool cleaning net hot professional leaf rake mesh frame net skimmer cleaner swimming pool spa tool new swimming pool pool cleaning net lowes
peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick flooring peel and stick flooring vinyl stick on flooring large size of peel and stick wood flooring lowes
pool plaster colors available in a variety of colors river finishes are factory blended to provide the pool owner with an extremely durable and attractive alternative to quartz pool plaster colors
pool plaster colors pool plaster colors pool plaster colors swimming plastering and remodeling commercial residential pools swimming pool plaster pool plaster colors pool plaster colors pictures
professional home kitchen high end appliances at discount prices high end stoves wolf stove prices professional kitchen grill professional chef home kitchen layout
pool pump system pool pump and filter pool pump and filter system swimming pool pump filter cover pool pump pool pump system leak
p trap extension may be it is but i feel better with an extension here is a picture of the tail piece and the top of the p trap can i get away with this p trap extension menards
patio seat cushions outdoor patio seat cushions captivating chair pads with best ideas on clearance c outdoor patio seat cushions patio chair cushions on sale near me
privacy screen ideas outdoor privacy screen ideas privacy screen for outdoor deck best outdoor privacy screen ideas for your privacy screen ideas for apartment balcony
patio table and chairs decorate outdoor table and chairs of you house with stylish patio table and chairs set sale
pool siphon pump pool pump review cover saver siphon pump removes rain water from winter pool pool pool cover syphon pump
premade outdoor kitchen bay w logo prefab outdoor kitchen galleria grill islands prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
professional kitchen cabinet painting cabinet paint cost the cost to paint kitchen cabinets luxury unbelievable coffee table professional kitchen cabinet cabinet paint professional kitchen cabinet pai
patching textured drywall patching textured ceiling patching textured ceiling patching this texture repair knockdown textured ceiling patching textured how to repair nail holes in textured drywall
painting unfinished cabinets kitchen full size of kitchen cabinet doors and drawer fronts remodeling painting unfinished oak cabinets spray painting unfinished cabinets
paver stone walkway stone walkway front yard a small paving stone walkway leads from the through back to paver stone walkway pictures
padded bench seat padded bench leather benches with backs bench design extraordinary small padded bench padded bench seat leather padded bench padded benches with storage
p trap extension p trap does not line up with tail piece in bathroom sink bottle trap extension pipe
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool filter pressure gauge air relief valve fresh clean sand pool filter hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
porch screen panels screen for porch porch screen panels with super screen porch screen panels construction screen for porch porch screen panels home depot
plastic above ground pool pool ladders above ground plastic deck how to clean plastic in ground pool steps
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank life expectancy water tank replacement gui age cor pressure tank replacement cost
pool pump system above ground pool pump and filter above ground pool pump and filter system above ground pool solar pool pump system cost
professional home kitchen professional home kitchen design fresh top grade professional home kitchens woodinville
pool return light install skimmer and water return jets into pool walls and connect plumbing pipe to them inground pool return lights
pool games for adults hard rock hotel pool area was the best lots of games and competitions pool covers new jersey
pyrex mixing bowls mixing bowl set vintage crazy daisy retro green flowers vintage glass nest mixing bowl pyrex mixing bowls set of 4 primary colors
perennial climbing flowers selecting zone 9 vines for vines that climb in zone 9 climbing perennial flowers attract hummingbirds
paint and stain sprayer if you do produce runs or drips simply wipe them off with a heavy rag or thick paper towel before the material dries and spray again paint stain sprayer reviews
pool party decoration ideas swimming pool party theme ideas design pool party decoration ideas adults
pool filter basket pack of pool skimmer socks filter savers for filters baskets and skimmers free oil absorbing sponge pool filter basket cover
pergola over window pergola over window full size of garage pergola kits where to ready made over the window window pergola for sale
pool test kit instructions pool tester buy cheap china swimming pool spa water tester products find pool test pool tester pool master test kit instructions
pool filter pressure gauge replacement fresh water systems water pressure gauge pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
porcelain tub repair acrylic bathtub repair kit porcelain tub repair kit bathtub repair kit porcelain bathtub repair kit bathroom porcelain tub repair companies
picture hanging brackets kitchen wall unit hanging brackets kitchen cabinet hanging bracket wholesale hanging bracket suppliers kitchen wall cabinet picture hanging hardware uk
privacy screen ideas outdoor plants balcony privacy screen bamboo balcony privacy screen ideas with plants carpets and bars outdoor privacy screen indoor outdoor privacy screen ideas for decks
peel and stick floor tile peel and stick laminate flooring peel and stick flooring peel and stick floor tile best self peel and stick floor tile installation over vinyl
proline pool filter waterway has changed the locking clips on their ii cartridge filters this is the newer version it has an extended tab proline pool filter manual
picture hanging brackets hanging wooden corbels shelf brackets set of 2 picture hanging hardware home depot canada
pool with friends hanging by the bio pool with friends too cold for a friendship pool watkinsville ga
paver stone fire pit this is one of my favorite part of the fire pit we used some that were square and some that were kind of a triangle shape paver stone patio with fire pit
proline pool filter pool filter pump pool filter pump leaking pool filter proline pool filter manual
painting unfinished cabinets in progress the kitchen overhaul in new painting unfinished furniture white
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling lights ceiling light plug in idea hanging light that plugs in and pendant plug in ceiling lights plug in flush ceiling lights
patching textured drywall my work includes patching holes in drywall from time to time and if the holes are in textured walls either orange peel or knock down texture patching nail holes in textured d
porcelain tub repair bathtub refinishing refinish bathtub cost beautiful cost to refinish porcelain tub services bath tub cost to refinish bathtub refinish bathtub best porcelain bathtub repair kit
picture hanging brackets 2 gen 2 pros reef light with hanging kit and hanging picture hanging hardware nz
pool landscape design awesome swimming pool landscaping ideas landscape design along with astonishing garden designs pictures la pool landscape design plans
pioneer car radio pioneer car stereo systems home entertainment systems entertainment headphones business pioneer avic f960dab car radio with apple carplay
professional home kitchen commercial kitchen at home commercial kitchen at home professional home kitchen commercial grade home kitchen appliances commercial kitchen at home professional home kitchen
professional kitchen cabinet painting how to paint kitchen cabinets without fancy equipment i even sand the professional kitchen cabinet painting uk
porch flooring ideas porch flooring ideas awesome deck railing ideas amp designs that are sure to cheap front porch flooring ideas
pergola next to pool pergolas can be attached to your home or be completely free standing in your yard they can be built over an outdoor kitchen or near a pool to provide pergola pool bar santorini
pop rivet gun comfortable vinyl grip perfect for assembly sheet metal automotive work etc includes 4 nose pieces 3 1 5 3 also includes cherry pop rivet gun parts
plastic tubing compression fittings 1 2 in brass push to connect coupling plastic tubing compression fittings home depot
painting house interior color schemes good colors to paint a house interior ideas painting house interior colors ideas
premade outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchens is among the preferred house decoration in the prefab outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets canada
pella french door hardware french door lock hardware french door french door deadbolt safety locks for french doors full image pella french door lock hardware
prefabricated outdoor kitchen large size of grill top for outdoor kitchen outside kitchen prefabricated outdoor prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits
painting house interior color schemes colour combinations for house painting unique house interior colour schemes painting house interior colors ideas
pipe strap clamp 3 4 stainless steel two hole pipe strap clamp fastener holder in clamps from home improvement on group pipe and tube clamp
patching textured drywall drywall texture tool this is what i needed after the kid took it out on his wall how to repair textured drywall holes
prefabricated outdoor kitchen grill island ideas outdoor grill island large size of island ideas outdoor kitchen ideas prefabricated outdoor prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets canada
paver stone walkway stone walkway on a slope stones for sale near me backyard ideas paver stone walkway pictures
pressure tank replacement water worker vertical pressure tank at the water worker gal pressurized well tank provides a direct fit replacement for the majority of fiberglass pressure tank bladder repla
peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick vinyl plank large size of and stick hardwood floor peel and stick peel n stick flooring wood look
pool cleaning net durable leaf skimmer with fine mesh net for cleaning swimming pools and fountains pool cleaner net argos
pool filter pressure gauge replacement aquatic systems pressure gauge replacement pool spa filter cleaners and hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
porcelain tub repair acrylic bathtub repair kit acrylic bathtub repair acrylic or fiberglass bathtub repair faucet replacing drain changing acrylic bathtub repair porcelain tub repair paint
professional kitchen cabinet painting custom cabinet refacing kitchen cabinet refinishing companies best paint for kitchen cabinets refurbish my kitchen cabinets professional kitchen cabinet painting
pool siphon pump siphon hand pump fuel water gas diesel aquarium pool liquid fish tank transfer above ground pool cover siphon pump
pyrex mixing bowls forest green large mixing bowl avocado green nesting bowl pyrex mixing bowl set australia
pool pump connections pool pump installation diagram pleasant swimming related post pool pump filter setup diagram
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank bladder best well pressure tank water pressure tank bladder failure water pressure tank bladder replacement
pool landscape design pool landscape designs design ideas home lover swimming pool landscape design ideas
paint and stain sprayer power painter 4 speed airless paint and stain sprayer wagner opti stain paint sprayer
professional kitchen cabinet painting and your professional house painter will be able to match paint counter tops so they clash kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting cost uk
pool closing service we provide pool cleaning and repair services to union and counties please give us a call to discuss any services you may need pool closing services
professional kitchen cabinet painting cost to paint cabinets professional cabinet paint cost to paint cabinets cost painting kitchen cabinets professionally professional kitchen cabinet painting nj
pool water filter new model wall hung swimming pool water filter swimming pool water filter system in india
percolator coffee pot stainless steel c pot espresso maker latte percolator coffee maker pot for use on gas from better stove top percolator coffee pot how to use
patio table and chairs outdoor aluminum resin 7 piece dining table and chairs set patio furniture table and chairs with umbrella
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling light fixtures design that will make you for home interior design ideas with plug in ceiling light fixtures design plug in ceiling light lowes
pool water filter sand filters for swimming pool swimming pool water filter system sand filters for swimming pools paddling pool water filter pump
pictures of tiled fireplaces pictures of tiled fireplaces family room tiled fireplace carved wood mantle wall mounted plasma pictures of pictures of tiled fireplaces pictures of tiled fireplaces with
pics of quartz countertops see our complete selection of options for quartz pictures of quartz countertops with maple cabinets
plumbing union fitting 1 2 hose barb elbow degree brass pipe fitting union gas fuel water air plumbing and pipe fitting union
premade outdoor kitchen portable sink medium size of outdoor kitchen frame outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands outdoor kitchen premade outdoor kitchen cabinets
pentair intelliflo pump enhanced performance of water quality systems pentair pool pump rebate status
professional home kitchen home kitchen organizing service for and drawers bosch home professional kitchen machine
pool closing service standard pool winterizing to winterize a clean pool pool closing services near me
pool chaise lounge best images about pool lanai patio yard on best outdoor lounge chair covers pool chaise lounge in water
pool closing service in the pool closings can vary depending on temperature and a variety of other factors at creative structures we want to make sure your pool is pool closing services
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool filter pressure gauge pool pressure gauges pool products pressure gauge lower mount pool filter pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool blaster catfish buy new water tech pool blaster catfish pool cleaner all purpose filter bag in cheap price on pool blaster catfish li ultra
plug in ceiling light hanging ceiling lights that plug in hanging pendant lights plug in hanging drop pendant light with plug in cord plug in garage ceiling lights
pool test kit instructions chemical automation and title swimming pool training pool tester title swimming pool pool pool leslies basic pool care oto test kit instructions
patio seat cushions outdoor seat cushions outdoor seat cushions luxury lovely patio chair cushions graphics outdoor patio lounge chair cushions target
painting house interior color schemes house painting colour combinations color scheme for house painting house interior color schemes ideas paint colour painting house interior colors ideas
painting house interior color schemes 3 reasons why your color scheme working and how to fix it painting house interior colors ideas
padded bench seat reception bench seating long office bench fabric bench seat fabric bench seat covers
pool closing service rick runs pool service which includes opening closing for both in ground and above ground pools spas heater cleaning maintenance swimming pool closing companies near me
propane fire pit table propane fire pits are always a great addition to any backyard but it can be propane fire pit table with cover
professional kitchen cabinet painting kitchen cabinet painting professional cabinet painting every time professional kitchen cabinet painting cost
pier blocks for shed building a shed on pier blocks building a shed foundation concrete slab poured concrete pier concrete building a shed on pier blocks precast pier block shed foundation
pool remodeling ideas swimming pool spa remodel shelf construction valley swimming pool remodel swimming pool spa remodel shelf construction swimming pool remodeling pool remodeling ideas pictures
patio seat cushions outdoor glider chair unique outdoor patio seat cushions inspirational glider hanging chairs new of outdoor glider patio chair cushions clearance set
paint and stain sprayer stain versus paint top must know staining tips if staining your furniture or cabinets intimidates you stain versus paint paint sprayer staining wood
pressure tank replacement well pump pressure switch replacement and re pressurizing the pressure tank pressure tank replacement cost
pool pump connections waterway high flow pool pump parts water pump installation diagram parts diagram waterway waterway pool pump installation near me
pool water filter this is extremely beneficial at keeping your pools water clean and crystal clear consult your pool professional for the frequency requirements for salt water pool filter pump
plastic above ground pool build your own above ground pool elegant how to a swimming from wood and plastic steps pertaining plastic swimming pools
pool party decoration ideas backyard party decorations backyard party decorating ideas there are more pool party decoration backyard graduation party decorating ideas pool party table decoration ideas
picture hanging brackets wall hanging kitchen cabinet hanger brackets picture hanging hardware screwfix
prefabricated outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen design software kitchen design kits kitchen design plans free outdoor kitchen design software prefab prefab outdoor kitchens for sale
pool with friends artsy pool pic to make your under water pics look artsy tell your friends to make a face or hold up a sign when they go underwater pool friendship quotes
pool games for adults inflatable pool for adults best pool index pool 0 image of inflatable pool for poolhost pick em
pool plaster colors pool plaster colors for swimming pools swimming pool re plastering pools pool pool plaster colors swimming pool re plaster plaster valley ca pool plaster sparkle quartz pool plaste
painting maple cabinets paint or stain kitchen cabinets awesome lovely painting stained kitchen cabinets kitchen decorating ideas photos of painting maple cabinets grey
paver fire pit ideas outdoor brick fire pit backyard and brick fire pit beautiful outdoor outdoor fire pit paver patio with fire pit plan
pool with friends excited group of young friends enjoying a pool party at swimming pool with clear glass panel and hot tub pool friends pictures
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress covers bed bug protection branding with zipper plastic mattress cover for moving nz
paint and stain sprayer stain sprayer deck stain deck restore deck restore paint deck paint deck restoring paint renew paint sprayer stain deck
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab kitchen island outdoor kitchen island with sink the benefits of prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands prefabricated prefab kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen is
pool plugs winterizing winterizing pool winterizing a swimming pool winterizing pool plugs winterizing pool intex pool winterizing plugs
plastic mattress cover queen size mattress pad bed pads mattress pads short queen mattress topper cover size pad queen size mattress pad plastic mattress cover with zipper
pergola next to pool when you add a pool to your home one thing you want is for it to look nice and be a place of enjoyment it serves both function and an aesthetic appeal pergola pool malta
premade outdoor kitchen made kitchen islands custom islands made outdoor kitchen islands prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets canada
pentair intelliflo pump the energy saving revolution continues save up to each year with the highest efficiency pump ever made pentair pool pump repair video
padded bench seat padded benches with storage upholstered storage benches padded bench seat with storage uk
pyrex mixing bowls vintage mixing bowl flamingo pink 1 1 2 quart oven ware made vintage pyrex mixing bowls set of 4 primary colors
painting unfinished cabinets white painted face frames with the new stainless steel french door refrigerator see how to diy painting unfinished cabinets
porch flooring ideas some front porch floor ideas for your inspiration attractive image of front porch decoration using single red wood front door including black wicker front porch flooring ideas uk
paint roller types rollers can be used to paint large flat surfaces in much less time than it would take using a brush selecting a roller cover depends on the type of paint paint roller types uk
pier blocks for shed here are some additional pictures now that the shed has arrived pier blocks shed foundation
pool games for adults image detail for pool toys poker table pool games swimming pool poker swimming pool pool hall bronx
pvc misting system as you can see all of the cuttings are getting wet but not too wet as soon as they are wet enough the water shuts off and only comes back on when orbit pvc mist cooling system
plumbing union fitting 3 4 hose barb union splicer brass pipe fitting gas fuel water air plumbing and pipe fitting union
pics of quartz countertops how to clean your quartz the granite guy granite in images quartz countertops
patio seat cushions outside seat cushions o chair painted deep for furniture patio chair replacement cushions amazon
paint roller types 5 types of paint rollers explained 5 types of paint rollers explained pressure paint roller types
p trap cleanout what is the purpose of a p trap ace plumbing heating and air conditioning replacement p trap cleanout plug
paver stone walkway easy and cheap walkway ideas for your garden yards garden backyard and yard stone paver walkway design
premade outdoor kitchen kitchen the benefits of prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands amazing prefab idea with brown stone grill prefab outdoor kitchen frames kits
porcelain tub repair porcelain tub repair kit how much does it cost to refinish a acrylic bathtub repair kit tub chip enchanting porcelain porcelain tub repair near me
plastic above ground pool above ground pools target better general foam plastics pool hard plastic wading pool tar swimming photos plastic swimming pools walmart
padded bench seat cushioned bench padded bench seat with storage cushioned bench padded bench seat australia
painting house interior color schemes how to paint a room steps to painting walls like a pro architectural digest painting house interior colors ideas
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting cost professional kitchen cabinet painting nj
pella french door hardware french door hardware french door latch strong all about hardware french door latch better french door pella french door lock hardware
pella fiberglass doors with fiberglass entry doors its all about offering you beautiful choices because your home and your entryway should reflect your taste pella fiberglass entry door cost
pyrex mixing bowls butterfly gold mixing bowls lot instant collection of vintage pyrex blue snowflake mixing bowls
pella window broken glass replacement window blinds between glass repair best designer series windows doors images on pella casement window broken glass replacement
pyrex mixing bowls is a new section on in which we laud the everyday objects that make life oh so better in its debut were going to talk about a classic pyrex mixing bowls set of 4 primary colors
pool cleaning net cleaning swimming pool of fallen leaves with blue skimmer net pool cleaning net near me
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen stainless steel kitchen modular commercial professional bakery kitchen layout professional kitchen cabinet painting montreal
prefabricated outdoor kitchen kitchen exterior prefabricated u shaped kitchen islands table with stove and bar stool prefabricated outdoor modular outdoor kitchens for sale
perennial climbing flowers rare wind passion bonsai fruit perennial climbing flower seeds ornamental with so beautiful flowers garden plant perennial climbing flowers zone 4
patio privacy plants privacy fencing ideas make your garden or balcony private and hidden from view of neighbors apartment patio privacy plants
prefabricated outdoor kitchen north shore w to make prefab outdoor kitchens prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits brisbane
pool games for adults have a prize ready for the winner you can be the judge by the crowds applause pools near me hours
pier blocks for shed shed foundation blocks pier deck foundation blocks concrete for shed home depot shed foundation blocks leveling pier blocks for shed
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting kitchen cabinets painting kits kitchen cabinet paint kit stylish and peaceful 7 professional kitchen cabinets professional k
painting unfinished cabinets raw kitchen cabinets painting unfinished kitchen cabinets how to pertaining to attractive unfinished wood kitchen cabinets spray paint unfinished furniture
pool filter pressure gauge replacement rear mount pressure gauge replacement pool amp spa valve and filter pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
paint and stain sprayer best industrial painting equipment ideas on airless stain sprayer best airless paint sprayer for deck stain
pressure tank replacement pressure tanks tanks replacement bladder well pressure tank gal water tank pressure gauge replacement
professional kitchen cabinet painting big space professional kitchen cabinet painting of cool modern kitchen cabinets ideas com professional kitchen cabinet painting cost uk
picnic table bench plans the tabletops rotate to form bench backs detailed plans give you step by step instruction to build this multi use outdoor staple for your deck or patio folding bench and picni
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pressure gauge for sand filter pump and sand filter combo pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
padded bench seat padded bench with back padded benches upholstered bench with back upholstered bench with back padded bench padded bench padded bench seat with storage
plastic tubing compression fittings brass compression fitting adapters are implemented with different types of tubing materials like plastic copper aluminum and others 1 4 plastic tubing compression f
painting maple cabinets painting maple cabinets white painting oak kitchen cabinets before and after splendid over without sanding or painting maple cabinets painting maple cabinets antique white
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painters painting professional kitchen cabinet painting cost
plastic above ground pool confer plastics 4 step above ground pool grand entry steps plastic lined inground pools
painting maple cabinets dark maple cabinets kitchen paint colors with painting best home update your some patience and coarse painting maple cabinets off white
plastic tubing compression fittings couplings and fittings water line compression 3 8 heater water line brass compression fitting 1 4 inch plastic tubing compression fitting
padded bench seat padded benches padded bench with storage large size of upholstered bench seat with storage tufted dining padded benches padded bench seat padded bench seat nz
prefabricated outdoor kitchen extraordinary prefabricated outdoor kitchens prefab kitchen modular intended for extraordinary modular outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
pool plaster colors pool plaster prism matrix blue lagoon installed by pool plastering quartz pool plaster colors pool plaster pool plaster colors diamond brite
painting maple cabinets kitchen honey maple kitchen cabinets paint colors with home ideas painting wood painting maple cabinets white
prefabricated outdoor kitchen portable sink medium size of outdoor kitchen frame outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen island frame kit
professional kitchen cabinet painting after kitchen cabinets painted off white professional kitchen cabinet painting uk
pool games for adults swimming pool games for kids and adults pool games inspiration of pool supplies brick nj
panel ready refrigerator sub zero the brand best known for refrigerator drawers offers under the ge panel ready counter depth refrigerator
painting unfinished cabinets what you should really know about unfinished cabinetry painting oak cabinets white without sanding
painting unfinished cabinets wonderful unfinished kitchen base cabinets home depot painting won painting oak cabinets white
pop up drain parts order replacement parts for lavatory faucet pop up drain series also known as technical lavatory pop kohler pop up tub drain parts
pics of quartz countertops default scene pictures of kitchens with oak cabinets and quartz countertops
pool pump connections pool pump diagram pool pump motor schematic parts diagram pool pump installation diagram pool pump fittings
portable camping toilet wish ble camping toilet flush travel outdoor vehicle boat toilet potty portable camping toilet amazon uk
proline pool filter pool filter pump above ground pool filter and pump system pool filter pump parts proline pool filter owners manual
pool filter basket kitchen sink strainer cover pool filter basket kitchen shutoff plug cover funnel sink basin accessories in kitchen cabinets from home improvement on pool filter basket stuck
pool water filter filter pump hr swimming pool filter swimming pool water cleaner sand filter water pool pump
padded bench seat full size of ning room padded bench seats fabric seat navy velvet gorgeous mark grey fabric bench seat with back
peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick faux wood pallet wood look peel and stick wall planks inhabit peel and peel and stick faux wood peel and stick wood flooring menards
painting house interior color schemes home design paint color ideas fresh house paint colors interior ideas within home decoration painting house interior colors ideas
padded bench seat padded bench seat cushioned bench seats bench photos design with seat plans storage astounding cushioned bench padded bench seat fabric bench seat uk
porcelain tub repair porcelain tubs our professional bathtub refinishing process porcelain tubs and sinks require the same preparation since porcelain tubs porcelain bathtub chip repair kit
pella window broken glass replacement if you are in need of new windows for your heights home consider having some installed that were made by windows pella casement window broken glass replacement
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling lamp ceiling light plug in plug in ceiling light medium size of in plug in ceiling lamp plug in ceiling light amazon
picture hanging brackets replacement series x controller hanging brackets picture hanging hardware canada
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank parts how to add air back to a water pressure tank dry fit fuel tank pressure sensor switch replacement
pyrex mixing bowls smart essentials 8 piece glass mixing bowl set with assorted lids pyrex mixing bowl set australia
padded bench seat upholstered bench seat padded bench seat upholstered bench seating padded bench seat with storage best cushioned upholstered bench seat fabric bench seat cushions
perennial climbing flowers climbing flower plants purple flowers bonsai perennial ground cover blooming plant for home garden in bonsai from home climbing perennial flowers attract hummingbirds
patio seat cushions outdoor seat cushions medium size of outdoor seat pads patio chair pads outdoor chair pads outdoor outdoor chair covers outdoor chair pads patio seat cushions blue
pictures of tiled fireplaces art fireplace design with rative detail taken from a fireplace design pictures of tiled gas fireplaces
pioneer car radio pioneer in dash double din car stereo receiver link support pioneer car radio mixtrax
pool pump system pool water filter salt systems for pools pump and above ground sand leaking air leak in pool pump system
paint roller types ready to refresh your homes interior walls with a new coat of paint but sure what type to use for each room or do you have other items paint roller types india
pool filter pressure gauge replacement how to use a pool filter pressure gauge air relief hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
painting unfinished cabinets painting bare wood kitchen cabinets luxury painting unfinished kitchen cabinets spray painting unfinished kitchen cabinets
painting maple cabinets painting maple cabinets before after kitchen with finishing flat door slate modern black painting maple cabinets off white
premade outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits inexpensive outdoor kitchen cabinets how to build an outdoor kitchen inexpensive outdoor kitchen ideas built in outdoor prefabricated outdoor
pressure tank replacement water softener well pressure tank elegant electric heater recovery is replacement salt free home improvement water pressure tank replacement parts
plastic tubing compression fittings t junction 3 8 on top and bottom and 1 4 compression fitting on the side with compression sleeve plastic tubing compression fittings home depot
plug in ceiling light plug in ceiling lights ceiling light plug in plug in hanging lamps fascinating ceiling lights excellent plug in ceiling lights plug in ceiling light fixture
pool filter cartridge hayward above ground pool cartridge filter hayward pool filter cartridge c1750
painting unfinished cabinets the power of paint reader kitchen remodel for under painting unfinished cabinets from home depot
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress covers are one way to waterproof your mattress however they can tear this is a guide about repairing a plastic mattress cover plastic mattress cover with zip
painting maple cabinets painting maple kitchen cabinets new paint colors for kitchens with painting maple cabinets before and after
pop rivet gun professional pop rivet gun with rivets ares applications include sheet metal pop rivet gun spare parts
professional kitchen cabinet painting professionally painted kitchen cabinets painting kitchen cabinets cost professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting nj
plastic mattress cover best western big spring lodge plastic mattress cover second queen bed queen mattress plastic cover protector storage bag
pool filter basket imperial pools spas pool filter basket pool cleaning pool pump filter basket pool filter basket wont pool filter basket sock
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pool filter pressure gauge threaded adapter for pressure gauge pool filter pressure gauge replacement hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pics of quartz countertops brand similarities and differences all quartz pictures of kitchens with white cabinets and quartz countertops
plug in ceiling light ceiling lights that plug in plug in ceiling light plug in hanging light large size of ceiling lights that plug plug in ceiling light lowes
plastic above ground pool upgrade your pool ladder with the confer plastics roll guard a frame above ground pool ladder the ladder with its patented roll guard safety feature plastic above ground swim
painting house interior color schemes full size of beach house interior color ideas colour schemes trim home painting paint design magnificent painting house interior colors ideas
pressure tank replacement water well pressure tank diagram hot water tank pressure relief valve replacement
pool landscape design swimming pool landscape designs swimming pool landscaping ideas pictures pool landscaping ideas pool landscape design nz
professional home kitchen eyes are supposed to be the windows to the soul while being able to read the people around you is important properly accenting your real windows is a lot professional chefs h
peel and stick floor tile our wood tile designs are printed onto durable adhesive backed vinyl using the most cutting edge printing technology available the x sections are peel stick floor tiles lowes
professional kitchen cabinet painting professionally painted kitchen cabinets professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet professional painting kitchen cupboards average cost of
professional kitchen cabinet painting cabinet painting white painted kitchen cabinets kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting uk
punched tin panels four handcrafted punched tin cabinet panels old mill quilted pattern rustic tin shaker pie safe with punched tin panels
pool siphon pump electric swimming pool filter pump for above ground pools cleaning tool electric siphon principle filter pump in other kitchen specialty tools above ground pool cover siphon drain pum
pool siphon pump blue and white cover saver siphon replacement hand held pump swimming pool accessory pool cover siphon drain pump
prefabricated outdoor kitchen large size of kitchen stainless outdoor kitchen cabinets stainless outdoor kitchen outdoor stainless steel cabinet doors modular outdoor kitchen kits for sale
painting unfinished cabinets unfinished cabinets kitchen cabinets in stock painting unfinished cabinets unfinished cabinets painting oak cabinets white without sanding
pella window broken glass replacement carefully pry off the plastic cover that the crank sits in pella casement window broken glass replacement
painting unfinished cabinets how to paint unfinished cabinets painting unfinished wood cabinets com paint unfinished kitchen cabinets how to painting oak cabinets white this old house
plug in ceiling light hanging ceiling lights that plug in hanging ceiling lights that plug in hanging ceiling lights that hanging ceiling lights that plug plug in ceiling light fittings
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab outdoor kitchen island beautiful kitchen island with sink awesome new prefabricated outdoor kitchen of prefab modular outdoor kitchens for sale
pool pump connections pool filter pump pool earth filter with 1 hp power pump pool filter pump installation pool filter pump pool pump connectors
prefabricated outdoor kitchen best prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands unique island kits sink plumbing prefabricated outdoor kitchens for sale
professional home kitchen professional home appliances will take your breath away professional home kitchen appliances
painting unfinished cabinets how to paint oak cabinets and hide the grain spray painting unfinished kitchen cabinets
pool games for adults inflatable adult pool fresh sea dragon ride photos of inflatable adult pool inspiring pool floats pool floats near me
pool games for adults best swimming pool games for adults or swimming pool games for kids pool floats on sale
premade outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands s kitchen islands wheels modular outdoor kitchens for sale
plastic lumber 2x4 plastic lumber fence recycled plastic fencing panels fence solid modern new sale awesome plastic 2x4 lumber canada
painting house interior color schemes home interior paint ideas ideas for painting house interior interior paint design home endearing interior design painting house interior colors ideas
plastic replacement window window plastic window in u replacement window double glazed replacement plastic window glazing strips
paver fire pit ideas building a patio with fire pit for beautiful backyard design with teak wood furniture paver patio with fire pit plans
pyrex mixing bowls vintage spring blossom crazy daisy 4 nesting mixing bowl set collectors weekly pyrex mixing bowl set amazon
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab units come in a variety of sizes and configurations cal flame in ca a prefabricated outdoor kitchen modular outdoor kitchen kits for sale
plastic tubing compression fittings we also have our threaded compression fittings available for and tubing or hose meaning they will work with both sizes 1 4 plastic tubing compression fittings
plastic above ground pool large size of swimming pool average cost of above ground pool with deck pool deck designs confer plastics above ground swimming pool ladder
padded bench seat metal legs for bench seat leather bench with padded seat and metal legs metal legs for fabric bench seat uk
pool cleaning net blue pool cleaning net rack swimming pool hot tub pond surface leaf skimmer clean net pool cleaning net and pole
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank bladder 3 variety of pressure tank bladder replacement water well float switch supplier water pressure tank pressure tank valve replacement
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress protector for storage plastic for mattress fitted vinyl mattress cover plastic mattress cover for plastic mattress plastic mattress cover target
plug in ceiling light plug in pendant lights finally the solution you have been asking for choose from 3 5 or 7 pendants includes built in dimmer switch box sleek enough plug in ceiling light uk
portable air conditioner venting options any sort of tubing will work fine for the drain hose because it only drips out occasionally kitchenaid microwave
pool water filter filter pump hr swimming pool filter swimming pool water cleaner cloudy pool water sand filter
pool water filter pikes swimming pool water filtration fiberglass industrial automatic backwash aquaculture sand filter pool water filtering service
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress covers for storage plastic cover for bed plastic bed cover storage bench plastic bed cover for storage storage ideas plastic cover for bed plastic mattress cove
paint roller types textured roller cover sponge paint rollers textured density textured roller cover paint paint roller types uk
premade outdoor kitchen build your own island outdoor kitchen kits unique prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands build your own island premade outdoor kitchen frames
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pro series sand filter pressure gauge p hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool filter pressure gauge replacement rear mount pressure gauge replacement pool spa valve and filter pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
picture hanging brackets upright metal shelf support hanging brackets with suction cup fit on glass holder picture hanging brackets screwfix
porch screen panels prefabricated screened porches we just finished this screen prefab screened porch panels porch screen panels lowes
pressure tank replacement well x pressure tank well tank replacement toilet pressure tank replacement
painting maple cabinets painting kitchen cabinets white unique chalk paint and colors in design forecast painting maple cabinets gray
pool pump system more pool plumbing and maintenance hardware inside the systems enclosure before installation of and pool pump systems diagrams
painting unfinished cabinets painting unfinished cabinets best of painting oak kitchen cabinets before and after with white spray painting oak cabinets
pool blaster catfish full size of home cordless ultra vacuum water pool blaster catfish filter bags pool blaster catfish ultra
painting maple cabinets self leveling cabinet paint painting maple cabinets white before and after large size of kitchen redesign self leveling cabinet paint painting maple cabinets off white
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pressure gauge replacement pool spa valve and filter hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pressure tank replacement medium size of state well pressure tank replacement well pressure tank in well pressure tank water pressure tank parts
panel ready refrigerator built in panel ready refrigerator panel ready refrigerator panel ready refrigerator cozy kitchens group photography by built in panel ready refrigerator panel ready refrigerat
pergola next to pool pool pergola with furniture note fence outlined with evergreens for privacy pergola pool house brico depot
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank replacement well water pressure tank well water pressure tank photograph of water tank water pressure tank replacement wellmate pressure tank replacement
painting house interior color schemes houses interior colors interior house paint colors pictures plus color for house interior paints house interior painting house interior colors ideas
paint and stain sprayer stain vs paint we have a lot of wood panelling in our basement that i would stain vs paint spray paint deck stain
plug in ceiling light swag lamps that plug into wall ceiling light plug in plug in pendant light medium size of lamps lamps that plug into plug in swag ceiling lights
pearl jewelry set pearls for you pearl and emerald may birthstone jewelry set pearl jewellery sets online india
painting maple cabinets kitchen paint colors with maple cabinets medium size of kitchens painting bare wood best ca kitchen paint colors with maple cabinets painting maple cabinets gray
pool landscape design pool plunge pool pool landscape design landscape and pool design software for mac
pella window broken glass replacement has anyone replaced the exterior glass panel on one of these windows or knows the proper procedure any advice recommendations on how to do this job pella casement
primo water dispenser win one of four filtered water dispensers for unprocessed eating rules primo htrio water dispenser reviews
pool with friends portrait of smiling friends in swimming pool with basketball royalty free stock photo pool time with friends quotes
padded bench seat small padded bench small upholstered benches upholstered bench padded bench seat curved dining banquette curved bench small padded bench padded bench seat covers
pool plaster colors intensity of plaster colors vary depending on the depth of the pool deeper pools appear to have a darker plaster color pool plaster colors pictures
pool plaster colors pool color is a part of your quality home decor labs has been making integral plaster color for over a decade pools and spas around the world pool plaster colors tahoe blue
premade outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen sets prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands awesome free kitchen private dining rooms modern dining room outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
pool water filter already seen that the water in a swimming pool needs to circulate through a filtering system to remove dirt and debris during normal operation pool water filter pressure
papasan chair cushion chair cushion cover stool chair chair cushion cover pattern stool cushion cover papasan chair cushion outdoor
pool pump system pool filter system with heater and salt cell building a pool pump house to air leak in pool pump system
patio privacy plants plant only clumping bamboo in planters not in the ground or it gets out of control patio privacy plants pictures
paint and stain sprayer high volume low pressure sprayers use air to push paint into a nozzle where a low pressure air stream meets it to create a mist like spray pattern best paint sprayer to stain f
plastic above ground pool pool pad ideas above ground pool pad ideas plastic swimming installation plastic above ground pool decks
pool pump system pool filtration system ii i iii i ii ii buy product on for swimming pool pool pump system cost swimming pool pump system schematic
portable air conditioner venting options trust the to come up with a almost stylish but looks all the has to recommend it claims its blue air kitchen nightmares season 1
pool with friends group of friends jumping in swimming pool with their hands raised pool companies friendswood tx
plastic mattress cover queen mattress covers futon mattress pads sofa latex mattress topper mattress mattress cleaner twin air queen mattress covers plastic mattress cover for moving argos
painting house interior color schemes house interior paint ideas paint colors for homes interior enchanting idea remarkable decoration house interior paint painting house interior colors ideas
pier blocks for shed pier block foundation precast deck piers concrete blocks for concrete deck foundation deck system pier block pier block shed pier blocks home depot
picture hanging brackets sign standoffs panel standoffs hanging brackets sturdy and attractive mounting hardware for single panel signage picture hanging hardware amazon
premade outdoor kitchen red stone outdoor kitchen the benefits of prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands amazing prefab outdoor kitchen with premade outdoor kitchen cabinets
pool landscape design pool landscape design pool landscape design swimming pool design new design ideas geometric pool design design pool landscape design pool landscape design nz
pool filter pressure gauge replacement pressure normally and goes to 6 psi quickly or overnight bad pressure gauge pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
padded bench seat full size of outdoor table bench seats seat round with buy dining set padded and padded bench seat with storage uk
plastic above ground pool baby swimming pool pool ladders above ground pool pool ladders above ground plastic baby swimming hard plastic above ground pools
plastic lumber 2x4 plastic lumber from 2 x 4 x 8 plastic recycled lumber is an excellent recycled plastic lumber and plastic board alternative solution for plastic 2x4 lumber canada
pool test kit instructions swimming pool test kits complete chlorine plus salt test kit k salt swimming pool and leslies pool test kit instructions
pool filter pressure gauge replacement replacement back pressure gauge for swimming pool water pump sand filter hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
porch screen panels detached screen porch addition in gazebo screen panels for decks porch screen panels for sale
porcelain tub repair tub repair kit fiberglass shower crack repair fiberglass shower refinishing kits tub repair kit resurface bathtub porcelain tub chip repair near me
pool landscape design charming outdoor swimming pool design with palm tree landscaping and huge chess decorations ideas of beautiful swimming pool design with a tree planting best pool and landscape d
patio seat cushions patio chair cushions which is soft and comfortable patio deep seat cushions clearance
pool landscape design county new jersey landscaping custom project swimming pool landscape design melbourne
pier blocks for shed deck pier blocks shed foundation deck pier blocks deck pier blocks dek block piers shed foundation
prefabricated outdoor kitchen l shaped outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands unique l shaped outdoor kitchen inspirational awesome outdoor kitchens kits l shaped outdoor prefabricated
pier blocks for shed how to use concrete deck blocks concrete deck piers gravel shed foundation garage footings and foundations pier blocks shed
plumbing union fitting 1 2 compression union fittings lead free brass bag of plumbing union fitting how to
professional kitchen cabinet painting amusing professional cabinet paint kitchen cabinets paint professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting cost
pool cleaning net cleaning and maintenance swimming pool with cleaning net blue skimmer stock photo pool cleaning net bunnings
prefabricated outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen precast concrete modular prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets canada
painting unfinished cabinets unforgettable unfinished kitchen cabinets direct inspirational kitchen cabinet painting archives kitchen kitchen equipment list spray painting unfinished cabinets
prefabricated outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen sets prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands awesome free kitchen private dining rooms modern dining room outdoor kitchen prefabricated outdoor kitchen isla
plug in ceiling light hanging ceiling lights that plug in plug in ceiling lights plug in ceiling light hanging pendant hanging ceiling lights that plug plug in ceiling lights lowes
patching textured drywall usually rosebud drywall texture is only applied on the ceilings it is often paired with smooth walls occasionally it is paired with another type of patching textured drywall
pyrex mixing bowls i would trade my vintage primary color mixing bowls for this set to die for pyrex mixing bowls set of 4 primary colors
pool with friends enjoying pool party with friends group of beautiful young people looking happy while playing ball friends pool tas
picture hanging brackets kitchen cabinet brackets cabinet brackets kitchen cabinet corner brackets best of 2 pieces kitchen hanging cabinet picture hanging brackets screwfix
pressure tank replacement water pressure tank replacement water pressure tank water pressure tank w heater installation switch replacement water water pressure tank replacement fiberglass pressure tan
portable air conditioner venting options frequently asked questions about portable air conditioners kitchen sink nyc
plastic mattress cover twin mattress cover twin mattress plastic cover twin mattress covers twin bed plastic mattress cover twin plastic zippered twin mattress cover
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting painting your kitchen cabinets white your kitchen cupboards refinishing oak cabinets professional professional kitchen cabin
pool filter basket pool filter basket pretty pool filter basket pool filter basket not filling with water pool filter basket pool filter basket not filling
paver stone fire pit we then built the up three levels we ended up having to do this a couple times to get the top layer with as little gaps as possible building a pavestone fire pit
pergola next to pool white painted pergola next to pool with lots of room to lounge pergola pool malta
paver stone walkway large stone walkway in warren walkway is accented using low voltage landscape lighting foundation plantings and ornamental grasses paver stone walkway pictures
plug in ceiling light plug in swag ceiling light hanging lights that plug in brilliant plug in swag chandelier lights with hanging light fixtures and plug swag ceiling lights plug in ceiling lights lo
pool filter pressure gauge replacement air relief valve air release valve pool filter pressure gauge air release valve hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool remodeling ideas need inspiration for your pool remodel see how these pools were transformed from unsightly messes pool remodeling ideas pictures
pool plaster colors pool plaster color swimming pool colors swimming pool plaster colors swimming pool colour palette pool plaster pool plaster color pool plaster colors pictures
punched tin panels punched tin tool formed pie cabinet vent panel decorative wall ornament furniture hardware fixture punched tin panels lowes
pool cleaning net large size swimming pool skimmer leafs rake net skimmer tool for pool cleaning easy to control pool cleaning net walmart
professional home kitchen professional kitchen design professional kitchen design commercial easy 2 repair inspiration professional style home kitchens
professional kitchen cabinet painting should you hire a professional to paint your kitchen cabinets ct painters professional kitchen cabinet painting ottawa
plumbing union fitting brass cone union male female threaded fitting for removable connection fig pvc pipe union fitting
punched tin panels punched tin panels home depot charming punched tin panels appliance fronts collection punched tin decorating kitchen punched tin panels punched tin panels home depot
prefabricated outdoor kitchen bay w logo prefab outdoor kitchen galleria grill islands prefabricated outdoor kitchen kits
patching textured drywall patching textured ceiling patched textured plaster ceiling repair textured ceiling drywall a patching nail holes in textured drywall
pier blocks for shed shed foundation blocks interior decor ideas deck block precast concrete how many for a pier shed foundation blocks precast concrete pier blocks shed
premade outdoor kitchen prefab kitchen island prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands full size of fabricated grill built build a prefab prefab kitchen prefab outdoor kitchen frames kits
paint and stain sprayer airless stain sprayer deck stain airless sprayer medium best airless paint sprayer for deck stain best paint sprayer to stain fence
percolator coffee pot percolator coffee maker with stand and butane burner percolator coffee pot how to use
pool filter pressure gauge replacement star clear series filter pressure gauge part number pentair pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pallet headboard ideas headboard from pallet ravishing headboard plans style fresh at backyard decorating ideas fresh at pallet headboard headboard from pallet pallet headboard diy king
pool filter pressure gauge replacement plastic casing pressure gauge psi for pool filter brass side mount hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
papasan chair cushion love seat awesome outdoor chair cushion outdoor double chair cushion outdoor papasan chair cushion cover
pioneer car radio top 5 best pioneer car stereo reviews best car receiver pioneer car radio apple carplay
pandora jewellery box inside the jewellery box on the left is a place to store your rings and earrings safely on the right of the inside tray a padded circle and pandora jewellery box charm
pella window broken glass replacement repair window bl windows blinds between the glass replacement as pella casement window broken glass replacement
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting professional kitchen cabinet painting corner kitchen cupboard ideas professional kitch
plastic mattress cover vinyl mattress cover queen bed plastic cover ed ed ed ox queen size plastic mattress cover plastic queen mattress cover plastic mattress plastic mattress cover for moving home d
professional kitchen cabinet painting kitchen cabinet painting cost decoration average cost to paint kitchen cabinets throughout cabinet painting cost ideas from cabinet professional kitchen professio
painting maple cabinets my dream kitchen makeover before and after faux to finish painted maple cabinets antique white almond added light rail at the bottom and rope crown painting maple cabinets off
pool chaise lounge buy outdoor chaise lounges online at our best patio furniture deals outdoor patio chaise lounge cushions
plastic mattress cover zippered plastic mattress cover protector waterproof full size white queen size plastic mattress cover walmart
pool landscape design pool landscape designs rectangular backyard designs rectangular pool landscape designs green backyard landscaping design ideas with pool landscape designs pool landscape designs
paint roller types find this pin and more on nursery paint ideas types of acrylic paint roller brush
patio seat cushions shop manufacturing 2 piece poet gray deep seat patio chair throughout immaculate deep seat cushions patio chair cushions clearance lowes
pool filter cartridge hayward cartridge vs filter filter vs sand filter pool filter system sand filter vs filter vs hayward ccx1000re replacement pool filter cartridge elements 100 square foot
patio privacy plants patio plants seeds elephant ear plant seeds grow in pots or outside in garden patio plants patio plants apartment patio privacy plants
plastic mattress cover mattress pad for king size bed supreme goose down mattress topper king size mattress cover bed plastic mattress cover with zipper
padded bench seat padded bench bedroom storage bench seat large size of storage storage benches awesome padded benches with padded bench padded bench seat with storage
plastic mattress cover mattress cover plastic plastic bed covers plastic mattress cover for bed wetting plastic mattress cover for moving argos
prefabricated outdoor kitchen prefab outdoor kitchen island e prefabricated grill islands kits home depot prefab outdoor kitchen modular outdoor kitchens for sale
plastic above ground pool kid pool full size of backyard above ground pools kids pool hard plastic intended for kids kid pools with slide repairing plastic in ground pool steps
plastic tubing compression fittings photo copper and fitting 1 4 plastic tubing compression fittings
punched tin panels lot of 2 vintage pie safe punched tin panels toll design x punched tin panels home depot
plastic above ground pool thick protective cushion for above ground pool ground cloth down mat plastic above ground pool ladders
porch screen panels screened in porch ideas with the screened in porch ideas porch screen panels construction
padded bench seat small cushioned bench small padded bench upholstered benches indoor with benches indoor entryway upholstered bench singular padded bench seat cushions
premade outdoor kitchen elegant prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands grill outlet the kitchen island prepare premade outdoor kitchen cabinets
power wheels jeep wrangler if you want to see a really awesome build check out gallery below pay attention moms and dads this is how you make a kids car much cooler fisher price power wheels jeep wran
plastic above ground pool plastic above ground pool best best beautiful ground pools images on stock of plastic plastic under above ground pool
pressure tank replacement pressure tank bladder replacement fuel tank pressure sensor replacement cost
platform bed frame full building platform bed building a platform bed frame full size platform bed frame building a platform platform bed frame full wood
painting maple cabinets kitchen interior medium size painting maple cabinets antique white full size of grey island paint colors painting maple cabinets antique white
pool filter basket pool filter basket pool filter basket suppliers and manufacturers at pool filter basket stuck
pool chlorine generator pool equipment filter and pump with a salt water chlorine generator filtration area was to pool pilot salt chlorine generator
professional kitchen cabinet painting charming professional kitchen cabinet painting with cabinets professional kitchen cabinet painting montreal
pool cleaning net cleaning swimming pool with cleaning net in the morning stock photo pool cleaning net near me
porcelain tub repair porcelain repair kit bathtub crack repair kit bathtubs bathroom porcelain repair kit bathtub repair kit bathtub porcelain repair porcelain tub repair kit lowes
pool water filter swimming pool water treatment purifier equipment integrated circulation quartz sand tank sand tank filter suction pump water pump pool filter not pumping water
professional kitchen cabinet painting professional spray painting kitchen cabinets kitchen cabinet painting contractors cabinet paint professional kitchen cabinet painting cost professional kitchen ca
padded bench seat small cushioned bench bench small cushioned bench with back awesome images small padded bench seat small fabric bench seat uk
plastic above ground pool wedding cake pool steps wedding cake above ground pool steps wedding cake wedding cakes wedding cake large plastic above ground pool
pool filter cartridge hayward star clear above ground pool filter cartridge with female thread sq ft c0 clean pool filter cartridge hayward
plastic tubing compression fittings compression fitting plastic fittings plastic tubing compression fittings home depot
painting house interior color schemes grey interior paint popular grey house interior color schemes painting house interior colors ideas
paint and stain sprayer stain paint how to paint stained wood from five steps to three paint stain sprayer home paint gun for staining fence
premade outdoor kitchen impressing prefabricated outdoor kitchen modular kits prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets
privacy screen ideas garden privacy screen outdoor privacy screen outdoor privacy screen ideas deck screens home depot creative for in your yard garden privacy screening ideas diy outdoor privacy scre
pool landscape design tropical backyard pool design swimming pool designs valley ca pool gardens designs
pool filter pressure gauge replacement rear mount pressure gauge replacement pool spa valve generic hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
prefabricated outdoor kitchen outdoor kitchen cabinets prefabricated outdoor kitchen cabinets canada
patching textured drywall patching textured ceiling popcorn ceiling removal patching textured repair hole textured drywall ceiling
pressure tank replacement air pressure tank new replacement new replacement fuel tank pressure replacement cost
pool party decoration ideas swimming pool decor pool decor ideas weeding decoration wedding to try on your swimming pool party swimming pool decor diy pool party decoration ideas
pool with friends same fun with friends same big splash same sunshine just less no fish win win friendship pool watkinsville ga
pool filter cartridge hayward cheap pool filters popular cheap pool filter cartridge online shopping discount pool filters hayward pool filter cartridge c1200e
prefabricated outdoor kitchen modular outdoor kitchen frames awesome new prefabricated outdoor kitchen islands kitchen decorating ideas modular outdoor kitchen kits for sale
pool pump system pool filter system with heater and salt cell building a pool pump house to pool pump system for sale
peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick wood peel stick wood wall stick wood to wall peel and stick wood peel and stick wood flooring peel and stick wood look flooring
plus size girls we finally found the best leggings for curvy girls that see through home improvement stores near me
pool remodeling ideas swimming pool remodel best swimming pool remodeling images on swimming pools pool remodel and pools swimming swimming pool remodel pool remodeling ideas pictures
plastic mattress cover plastic mattress cover moving queen plastic mattress cover large size of pad target bed bug for plastic mattress cover plastic mattress cover target
painting maple cabinets cabinet refinishing lacquered kitchen cabinets by paper moon painting painting maple cabinets gray
painting maple cabinets painting maple kitchen cabinets maple kitchen cabinets for paint paint wood cabinets paint oak pertaining to painting maple kitchen cabinets painting maple cabinets espresso
paver fire pit ideas large rectangular patio design with seating wall and fire pit 2 patio designs paver patio with fire pit plans
pool pump connections buy install repair guide for sewage pumps septic effluent sump swimming pool pump installation astounding pools intex pool pump connectors
pool water filter swimming pool large pool circulating pump filter water pump water purifier pool filter pump not circulating water
pvc misting system misting system horseshoe farm intended for how to build a misting system diy pvc misting system
pool with friends middle class problems friends with a pool are great but how to engineer that we were just passing moment on a sunny day pool repair friendswood tx
pool filter pressure gauge replacement rear mount pressure gauge replacement pool spa valve and filter hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
pool party decoration ideas this end of summer back to school pool party is a fun way to pool party birthday theme ideas
pella window broken glass replacement enjoy your views through modern windows pella casement window broken glass replacement
pressure tank replacement photo of water well pump service united states hot water tank pressure valve replacement
pool filter cartridge hayward alternative swimming pool filter cartridge hayward pool filter cartridge cx1200re
pool filter pressure gauge replacement zodiac pressure gauge replacement for zodiac automatic pool cleaner hayward pool filter pressure gauge replacement
Adolf Jan got married three times, the first time in a grand wedding to Lucia Hope, who tragically died, leaving no trace, the second time to a Wickevoort Crommelin who also apparently died, and the third time to Johanna de Roo, with whom he was so wise as to draw up a testament beforehand in 1770.
This son Archibald (1747-1821) was the youngest baby of Zachary and Agathe and his birth probably caused her death.
Archibald became a member of Dutch Parliament, regent of the West Indian Company (WIC), and built the former palace in the Hague formerly known as 'Hope House' and now known as 'Palace Lange Voorhout'.
Archibald joined the Amsterdam Hopes (Thomas, Adrian, Jan, and Henry) as apprentice in 1774, at about the same time that young John Williams joined the firm as an apprentice.
Archibald got married in the same year to Magdalena Antonia van de Poll, who he probably met in Heemstede, where her family had a summer home next to Jan Hope’s Groenendaal.
Thomas Hope helped him through his connections to become appointed to the West Indian Company (WIC) in 1776.
Proof that Archibald was friends with John Williams is the record showing that in 1785 he was witness at the baptism of John Williams son Henry. The story goes that Henry Hope took John Williams into his own house when he was too ill to come to work one day and he was not being cared for at his own lodgings. From that day on John Williams lived with Henry Hope, who adopted him and arranged a marriage with his sister’s daughter Ann Hope. That must have taken place somewhere between 1774 and 1785.
In 1786 Archibald went to Surinam to become director there until 1789. He became regent of Amsterdam and acquired other prestigious memberships before becoming a member of Dutch Parliament in 1814.
He bought Broek in Waterland in Velsen in 1781 and hired the same gardener as Henry to do the landscaping.
I haven’t been able to discover if he had any children or not, and it’s not clear to me if he left his wife at home or took her with him to Surinam.
in de periode 1814-1819: lid notabelenvergadering (1814), lid Staten-Generaal, lid Tweede Kamer, staatsraad in buitengewone dienst
Whilst we show you why we are the foremost and the specialist in 4x4 suspension system upgrading, the many invaluable technical information you will also come across in our website will certainly help you to make better decisions in the upgrading of your 4WD in order to achieve better handling, greater comfort and safer driving on and off the road.
To Discover the world's best and only US patented paint protection system using PPS technology that shines like mirror, endures like glass and eliminates waxing forever
Jigsaw Bug is simply the best jigsaw puzzle app! From our puzzles to our pictures, we went the extra mile to give you an amazing experience.
It all starts with our photos. Amazing puzzles come from amazing photos. We select the very best pictures from professional photographers around the world.
We artfully hand-crafted four different puzzle cut styles to provide the feel of real jigsaws. Our team of programmers made it possible for you to have a unique puzzle every time you play.
Puzzles were meant for everyone to enjoy. Your kids and grandkids will love playing our 4, 6, and 12 piece cuts. You'll enjoy puzzles up to 80 pieces on your iPhone and up to 300 pieces on your iPad. We offer a wide range of photos, cuts and styles for every mood and skill level.
Jigsaws should be enjoyed, not interrupted by ads. Jigsaw Bug proudly features no third-party advertisements.
We want you to have the best puzzle experience possible! If you ever have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at http://www.jigsawbug.com/contact/. We always love hearing from our players.
Infertility never really goes away. That’s one of the truths we’ve learned as we’ve collected stories over the past four and a half years. It can move below the surface for a time but it always comes back up. Some days and months are easier than others. When you’ve been dealing with infertility as long as we have, you can even go for years with everything being pretty okay. Then, the pain and anxiety come rushing in again.
While you’ve heard plenty about the events we’re hosting and the new projects we’re launching, it’s been quite some time since you’ve really heard from us, Maria and Elizabeth. In honor of learning that we’re receiving the 2018 RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association’s Hope Award for Innovation, which recognizes an “individual and/or organization/corporation who have demonstrated the creation and application of an innovative product, service, or medical procedure that has enhanced the lives of those diagnosed with infertility,” we’ve decided to speak the truth about what life with infertility is truly like for each of us these days. First up, Elizabeth.
I see them as I round the corner. A group of children dashing across the lawn. Their presence and the long line of cars along the curb tell me that this get-together out our friends’ house isn’t the small affair I was led to believe it would be. Before I can make it to a parking spot, my twins cross my mind. That group playing on the grass should be larger by two. It would be if I hadn’t had a miscarriage. The tears come, as they often do these days. At least once, usually twice, sometimes three or more.
I’ve now been on a break from trying to conceive for nearly as long as the five years I tried. I’ve been dealing with infertility almost a quarter of my life. After my diagnosis the first few years were the hardest. Then I began attending, and later hosting, a RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association peer-led support group. I found my tribe. Life improved again when Maria and I developed The ART of Infertility. I was no longer alone. I felt heard, seen. Seven years later, I’m feeling invisible again.
I think of what my children would be doing today at 4.5 years old if they’d survived. Milestones in the lives of my friends and family mean fresh wounds for me. Two of my best friends send their daughters off on the school bus together each morning. My sister mentions volunteering with them at school on popcorn day. Several of my last remaining friends without children are moving into parenthood now. I’m thrilled for them but I worry about what it will mean for me. How it will change our relationship.
I already avoid many social situations with parents and children I love. I’m afraid I’ll become further and further isolated. The space that I’ve occupied with my friends without children has been safe but now that safety is jeopardized. I don’t want these things to hurt me the way they do. Each day is difficult in a way it hasn’t been in years. I don’t know how to work through these emotions when I feel like I already try so hard. I have many tools at my disposal. My art, my therapist, my work with the ART of IF. It scares me because I feel like I need more. What will it take? Or maybe I won’t ever feel better. Then what? Will I feel this way every day? Feel this stress, this heartache? Do I even truly want these feelings to go away? If they do, will it mean that I have lost the connection to the children that I wanted so badly and had for only a very brief time before they went away?
Working in the world of infertility has become my passion but I find that it’s now sometimes hard to personally relate and to feel relevant. I’m no longer in treatment but I’m not firmly in the camp of the childfree. This break I’m on has no end in sight. Maria and I work so hard and feel the work we do is so important but it’s hard to see so many others in the community move forward when we feel like we’re at a bit of a standstill in our own lives. I feel burnt out, exhausted, and many times I feel left behind. Receiving the 2018 RESOLVE Hope Award for Innovation comes at a time when I really need a boost. I need some wind in my sails.
Maria and I see the impact we make on others when our exhibits make them feel seen. Receiving the award from RESOLVE makes me feel seen at a time when I’ve really been struggling. The award is especially meaningful to us because RESOLVE brought us together when we met at Advocacy day in 2014. We’ve done so much in a short time but there is still an incredible amount of work to do. We hope that this recognition from RESOLVE will make more people aware of the work we are doing so we can continue to make experiences of infertility visible through art.
Maria (left) and Elizabeth (right) at Utah Infertility Resource Center’s gala, where ART of IF partnered to auction off pieces of patient-created art.
I ask that those of you who can relate to what I’m feeling, reach out. Let’s be there for each other. We don’t need to do this alone.
Posted in infertility advocacy, infertility art, infertility is, Posts by Elizabeth	| Tagged Elizabeth Walker, Hope Award for Innovation, infertility, infertility support, Night of Hope, RESOLVE	| 1 Reply
At the RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association Tri-State Walk of Hope last weekend in New Jersey, we brought out our “Infertility is…” cards again and asked those in attendance to share their thoughts. When I was looking through them this week, the first thing that popped into my head about my own experience with Infertility is how it’s brought so many amazing people into my life. We had a chance, after corresponding via phone and email with them over the past year or so, to finally meet some of those amazing people in person at the Walk.
There are too many to count, and I don’t get to keep in touch with most as often as I would like. However, each of the people I have met along this journey mean so much to me. There are those who share their stories with the project, reminding me that I’m not alone in my journey. There are late night exchanges of advice with support group friends via Facebook messenger and emails from people around the world sharing art they have created during their infertility journeys. There are the doctors and other infertility professionals who have opened their doors to us to learn more about the project and those sharing their time and talents with the ART of Infertility community by presenting art and writing workshops. I’ve found an amazing network of incredible people, passionate about their desires to build their families, and passionate about helping others do the same.
So, this week, I’m sharing some of the new cards from the walk with you and asking you, my infertility friends, to share with us what “Infertility is” to you. What makes the experience so hard? What are the silver linings? Is there anything surprising that has come out of your experience? One of my favorite, surprising, outcomes of the ART of Infertility project is having the opportunity to connect the friends I meet along the way to each other so they can build a bigger network of support.
Is there anything else you feel you need extra help with or support for that we could help you with? Are there things you would like to see ART of Infertility offer that we don’t currently? We’d love to hear from you, our friends in infertility and art!
Posted in art, events, infertility is, Posts by Elizabeth, Walk of Hope	| Tagged ART of Infertility, Infertility art exhibit, infertility is, infertility support group, National Infertility Association, Walk of Hope	| Leave a reply
The National Centre for Persons with Disabilities (NCPD) is a non-governmental agency (NGO) which promotes equalisation for persons with disabilities through training, information, research and consultative services.
Our patron is His Excellency Anthony Thomas Aquinas Carmona SC, President of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago
The Centre is governed by a Voluntary Board of Directors. The Board is involved in policy formation and fund-raising.
Day to day administration is under the direction of a Chief Executive Officer and supported by a team of professional and administrative staff.
To be the lead agency in the region promoting equalisation of opportunities for persons with disabilities through training, information, research and consultative services.
To provide persons with disabilities with effective and efficient training and rehabilitative services that enhance the quality of their lives and promote their integration into the wider community.
ApartHomes offers you gorgeous places to stay, luxuriously furnished apartments for short and long term. Classified at four stars by the Ministry of Tourism, you can choose from a selection of studios, one, two and three bedroom apartments.
Happy birthday, Dad! May you always be as happy - Birthday wishes and Messages | 1BirthdayWishes.org
Happy birthday, Dad! May you always be as happy, healthy, and whole as you’ve made everyone you love.
Tag name friends, Share Wishes, Cards, Photos, SMS, Comment and your feelings Happy birthday, Dad! May you always be as happy here:
You were always the party animal in our family Merry Christmas! - Birthday wishes and Messages | 1BirthdayWishes.org
You were always the party animal in our family. So I am sure that you will find a way to make this holiday one to be remembered. Merry Christmas!
Tag name friends, Share Wishes, Cards, Photos, SMS, Comment and your feelings You were always the party animal in our family Merry Christmas! here:
InterCasino has won more than 30 top gambling awards including the most sought-after title of Top Casino for five years in a row.
Offering a wide range of Betting limits, Live dealer games, Marvel superhero slots and progressive jackpot games.
Known as one of the best customer support teams in the iGaming industry, registered players get access to professional and dedicated support representatives that are always available to offer assistance.
Gday Casino offer 50 free spins no deposit bonus on South Park: Reels Chaos (Net Ent) for all new players.
4. A first approved deposit of at least €20 must be made, in order to be able to withdraw your winnings.
-Make a deposit of €20 or more (max bonus €800) and get 400% bonus automatically. Bonus has only 20 times wagering requirements.
Spare a quid, or a buck, or whatever you would call moolah in your local language, but the important thing is, spare it and support your favorite developers! In this Supporting the Game piece, we talk about all the interesting little things you get when you decide to purchase additional content for one of our favorite tower defense games: Kingdom Rush.
And by buck, we mean that in American Dollars. That is all that is asked of players who have come to play, love and get addicted to the game. Kingdom Rush has a large community of fans, and for the premium content to have such a small and reasonable price for premium content is certainly something that many of us should be thankful for.
Of course, one can always choose to give more. When paying for premium content, you are given the option to pay anywhere from $1 to $100. You decide the amount you give, but the minimum stays the same. The bottom line is that you get the same extras regardless of how much you pay –which means you are not forced shell out plenty just to get everything in the premium content list.
As expected, you only get in-game content –so don’t expect to get a signed poster or artbook mailed to your doorstep. Still, the amount of extras that come packed with this deal are pretty useful and fun to use in-game.
Here is a quick list of everything you will get: 15 stars, more gold at the start of each stage, the lightning bolt spell, an additional unit in reinforcements, and costumes for said reinforcements.
So there you go, 5 really interesting things that will make this game more fun and much easier to play. But what does each of them really do?
First off, you get 15 stars for upgrades. These are the same stars you earn by finishing stages –in short, they are limited in quantity (once you earn stars, you cannot play the same stage to earn it again, you will need to finish a new stage). Having 15 stars ready is the equivalent of finishing 5 stages with a full three star ranking.
With this, you can pretty much fill out an entire skill tree the moment you plop down some cash. For anyone who has played Kingdom Rush, you would know that you will need stars to get stars. Stars are used to learn passive skills that will enhance your towers, spells and reinforcements. The more you have, the more likely you are to gain a full three-star rank at the end of a stage. Of all the benefits that you gain from purchasing premium content, the 15?
You also get more gold at the start of the stage. This value changes depending on the stage you are playing, and the value has a bit of a random factor to it. While this is useful (you can build more towers (or upgrade one faster) at the start of the game, it really does not have so much of an impact on the overall story mode. During challenges however, this is going to be a massive help –in some stages, the additional upgrade stars are enough to bring a tower to level 3. This is going to change the way you approach the tougher challenges as you will have more resources at your disposal.
The lightning bolt spell is a single target random damage spell that can either be really useful or a complete waste of waiting for a cooldown (either way, each spell cooldown is independent of each other so really does not matter at all). The spell summons a powerful bolt of lightning from the sky to deal a completely random amount of damage to the target creature. The odd part is that the attack value seems to have a range of 0-500 (so far). The lowest value we have seen in-game is under 40 pts of damage, but there are reports by other Kingdom Rush players that they have seen lightning bolt do anywhere from 30 to even 0 pts of damage (which means you could get really unlucky with this). The upside, of course, is that the opposite is true: the spell can dish out massive amounts of pain. So far, we have seen about 412 pts of damage, other people have reported higher values too.
The random factor makes the new spell both useful and still balanced –even for players who did not purchase the premium content. Had the spell been consistently high-damage, it would have made players feel like the devs are forcing them to pay for content.
As one would expect, our favorite additions are the reinforcement bonuses. Kingdom Rush has always been a special TD game for us thanks to its implementation of having ground troops.
These infantry type units worked by holding off enemies (each unit would fight off one enemy and keep them from advancing), which helped players create choke points for holding off large volumes of enemies, or by having them function as anchor groups in order to turn a large wave into something more manageable. And one of the best ways to get reinforcements is not to get them from a nearby barrack structure, but by getting them from the call reinforcements spell.
With the premium content, the volume of reinforcements that arrive will increase by a count of 1. This means that you get an extra unit for either dealing damage or for holding down an extra enemy. How you make them useful is entirely up to your strategy.
And to make the deal even sweeter, players also get to enjoy selecting a costume for reinforcement troops. This add-on is strictly superficial and will have no actual effect on your gameplay (but it certainly makes the game more interesting to play). Options for players include costumes from various pop-culture series –such as science fiction and video games.
Bottomline: yes. When Ironhide allow you to choose the value of your payment, it usually means that you get some pretty worthless extras. But this is different, the items are good, the spell is useful and the bonus to the reinforcements is actually something you can come to rely on in the harder challenge stages.
The good thing about this $1 premium content pack is that you can avail of it anytime. There is a secure Paypal option which we highly recommend for anyone interested in getting all the extras. And more importantly, since this is not a discount-type kind of deal, you can expect the offer to be available for quite some time.
So if you ever find yourself wanting to plunk down some cash for online content, you should really consider sending some in the way of Kingdom Rush. It takes only a short amount of time, costs little, and most importantly, the extras you get are more than worth it.
Also we would recommend you check out Incursion for another quality tower defense game - it takes inspiration from Kingdom Rush but offers you a more direct game with more focus on units than towers.
So you fancy yourself as a bit of a mean gamer. You always opt for the hardest settings when playing games. Well, we have a challenge for you - ten of the most difficult online games we could find.
They're tricky, they're testing, they're downright infuriating. They'll make you laugh, they'll possibly make you cry and they'll almost certainly have you coming back for more, just to show them. Just to show them good! They are the hardest games you can find online.
Now, burying the needle on the Casual Girl Gamer hard-o-meter takes more than flooding the screen with overwhelming waves of bad guys - the candidates here are less bashing and blasting, more baffling, befuddling and bewitching. Indeed, there's hardly an enemy to be seen in our collection of brain teasers, tests of skill and just plain maddening fun.
That's because ultimately, as I found during my extensive research into these digitised versions of pure, mind-bending evil (in the nicest possible sense, that is), the real battle is often against one's own, occasionally dispiriting, lack of basic coordination and reactions.
Increpare's Primitive Pattern may be the most straightforward of the games in our list, but it is also one of the toughest nuts to crack. It bills itself as a treatise on Hegelian semiotics and invariant theory. After much in-depth rummaging around on Wikipedia, I think this means it's something to do with algebra and that bloke who captained the Germans against the Greeks in Monty Python's philosopher's football match.
The premise is as simple as the retro, low-fi graphics. Click nine circles in a three by three box in any sequence you like. Easy, right? To win, you must pick the second most popular pattern based on previous plays. Not so easy. Keep clicking away though, there's only something like 80 bajillion combinations. Play Primitive Pattern here.
One button games can't be hard, can they? Oh, they can. Honeybug's creation starts off harmlessly enough with our heroes - who, fact fans, apparently take their names from the alter egos of secret language speaking twins Grace and Virginia Kennedy - riding across the plain.
Their unexpected separation thanks to a passing dragon sees the game switch to a split-screen, side-scrolling adventure as Cabenga (or possibly Poto) navigates the belly of the beast and Poto (or..well...) continues on the ground. From then on, avoiding (or squishing) various desert critters and dragon stomach bugs, speeding one partner up while simultaneously slowing the other one down and using coordinated moves to remove obstructing beasties is all down to your skill with a space bar. Play Poto and Cabenga here.
The irritating game that uses 100 per cent of your brain - Jeu Chiant does exactly what it says on, er, the tin. There's no story, no levels and no baddies or bosses. The challenge here is a load of balls. Well, two balls to be precise, which isn't really a load. Anyway, you have to keep one balanced on a see-saw while using a sliding horizontal platform to play keepy-uppy with another.
It's devilishy tricky from the off, requiring some frantic mouse work and that most dreaded of things (for the male mind at least) - multitasking. The despair of seeing one (or both) of your balls fly into oblivion is compounded by the withering assessments of your efforts, which are on the one hand entirely uncalled for and, in my case, basically true. Play Jeu Chiant here.
Speaking of multitasking, here's enough of it to reduce even the most hardy of souls to a gibbering mess. DiscipleOfFred's mind-blasting Flash sequel is four games within a game. On their own, none of them would be particularly challenging or entertaining of course, but put them together and even remembering the instructions becomes a Herculean feat of memory.
To make matters worse, you only actually play two of the four games at any one time, so even when you think you're getting the hang of simultaneously taking on one pair, you're suddenly presented with a new combination. Still, at least it doesn't compare you to a poodle or Paris Hilton. Play Multitasking 2 here.
Here's more games-within-a-game mischief in the retro 80s form of Morplee. In that spirit, I'll say it's the browser gaming equivalent of doing Black Lace's Superman. While fighting off waves of hostile attackers. So, actually, it's more like the gaming equivalent of a bad night out in Barnsley.
But enough of my weekend. To save Morplee's planet you have, for some reason, to solve a stack of mini-challenges while shooting down pesky space invaders. For the most part, you'll get a one-word instruction - it's things like copy, shoot and organise here, not ski, sleep sneeze and so on.
The challenges are inventive enough and they'll come in a different order every time - the hardest part is beating the clock, so get your clicking finger limbered up. Play Morplee here.
You are the tiny nation of Qwop's most accomplished athlete, sent to represent its proud people in the field of international running around. The only problem is the training programme wasn't terribly well funded. This is a genuinely hard game to play because of both its controls - two keys control your thighs and two your calves - and the fact you're laughing so hard you miss the starting gun.
Ideally, you're aiming to show Usain Bolt, Asafa Powell and Tyson Gay how it's done by masterfully blazing through 100 metres and into the history books. In reality, my first few distances registered in the minus column thanks to that control system sending my Olympic hero scissor-kicking into an undignified pile on the track. The Chariots of Fire theme had barely even started. But remember, it's the taking part that counts. Play Qwop here.
NinjaKiwi's Chase Goose 2 is from the Daley Thompson's Decathlon school of keyboard-pounders. Thoroughly old-school down to the Commodore 64-style music, it is, well, a big chase. Our feathery hero has had the tables turned on him and is being pursued by a worm. A very big one. Hitting the left and right keys gets the goose going and you've definitely got the upper hand in terms of speed. Alas, this isn't a flat sprint. And you can't fly. But then it wouldn't be a hard game.
Jumping various holes in the ground requires you to hit a particular key - or as you progress, to do some quick mental gymnastics to answer little questions. To complicate things further, you'll be asked to hold down other keys while still skipping across the keyboards and generally tying yourself up in knots.
And all the while, that worm stalks you, relentless and merciless, like a Boris Karloff monster. Sort of. Play Chase Goose 2 here.
Abandon hope all ye without a steady mouse hand. This reworking of the fairground favourite where you have to pass a metal hoop along a twisted wire isn't especially scary given its title - but it is extremely hard, which is good enough for this list.
It's all plain sailing early on, with a generous inverted L-shape to get your started, but the mazes become tougher and tougher - and beware, there's no time-outs or breaks here. Once you complete one level, you're straight into the next one, so even a momentary lapse of concentration will send you, despairing, back to square one. Play The Scary Maze here.
Ever needed to pick out a shapeless, alien form from a line-up of similar looking shapeless, alien forms? No? Well here's your chance. For the Twin from Hybrid Mind Studios is high on cutesy charm and the wobbly, hand-drawn style animation certainly adds another layer of trickiness to picking out the matching chap for the mugshot you've been given.
The difficulty level is cranked up with each new challenge, adding changing backgrounds, perspective and movement to your list of headaches. On the plus side, everyone smiles and jumps when you get it right, which is nice. Play For the Twin here.
DiscipleOfFred are back with more games within games in the retrotastic Tail. You control two glowing, Tron-like cables (or tails), one heading north, the other going south. The trick is to avoid the nasty red glowing thingies and to pick up the altogether more agreeable green glowing thingies. There's the occasional purple glowing thing too, which may be medals, but I'm not sure.
The element of rub-your-tummy, pat-your-head in trying to grab one set of blobs while avoiding the other certainly makes Tail a tricky customer - although the hardest thing about this game might be getting through it while listening to that throbbing Europop soundtrack. Play Tail here.
If you think you have found some online games that are even harder than these, then please tell us all about them in the comments section below.
Give Up and the first World's Hardest Game are easy ._. Try the second or the third World's Hardest Game, then say something about hard games. And if you're talking about puzzles, try playing Braid.
I cannot believe you guys forgetting the Worlds Hardest Game, you should probably try it first :D http://shockshed.com/worlds-hardest-game/ a real headache game :D
A hard game? Try the game "Give up." I hear the level designer couldn't finish the game. The walkthrough is not the completed game, only about 25/30ths of it
The Big Adventure of Owata's Life is by far the hardest game I've played. Plus it's a long game, hence Big Adventure
i give up is a really tricky game. it is said that only 1 in 100 people can get to stage 20 of 70! also storm collins is handsome
These games will be easy if there are 2 people playing it,i will tell you a harder game,its really hard just to MOVE the person in the direction you want/the way you want:Toribash
The games listed are a point of view guys, lets not be fussy about things. Primitive Pattern is database based so it changes, at first it was hard as hell, as time went on it became easy. Many here are saying for 'I wanna be ... something' but lemme tell you it's far more easier, compared to these, ever won any game listed (except primitive pattern). And many have already said about this game so give the maker of this blog time. And win JEU CHAINT, will make your ego crash
you son of a bitch you should have put a "SCREAMER ALERT" on the Scary Maze Game, the screamer didn't surprise me, i didn't even play it, but i know there's screamer in it
try this its hardest game ever :)http://www.addictinggames.com/action-games/theworldshardestgame.jsp hard game i cant do it but then again i am 11 so that might explain a bit ,oh well i tried you should too :P
Did you guys ever play the REAL Worlds hardest game.it's called worlds hardest game. just look for it and you'll find it belive me you will it has deaths and blur things And.also try packman,Fantage they are all so fun bye
one i think is hard is The Worlds Hardest Game 2. The first one is alot easier but the second is very... infuriating
Poorly controlled games aren't difficult they are poorly coded. None of your list was as mind boggling as I had hoped. Why not throw moneyseize into that list. It is made very well and offers a very nice curve of simple to insanely difficult, same with the meatboy series and the unfair platformer.
The second one is considerabley harder but once you get the hang of it it's really quite simple P.S to cheat go into your keyboard configuration settings and alter so that both the sapce bar and shift are space, that way you can control both creatures at the same time p.p.s I didn't use this cheat when I was playing, I just thought that all you people out there who can't complete this game might want some help!
u forgot battle toads the game where only a handful have ever beaten it since it came out like 15 years ago
primitive pattern 2nd try (its not exactly a hard game, that's like calling heads or tails a hard game)... for the twin at least bronze in all but 2 levels i only missed one click but didn't have to start the level over. beat it in less than 15 minutes while half watching judge dredd. that game wouldn't be on my ten year old niece's 10 hardest, so it shouldn't be on the list of someone who can make a decent web page
finished primitive pattern first try... I dont understand the fuss? ps. haha to everyone who played scary maze. hope you ripped out your testicles in fear
How about Syobon Action? Maybe not the hardest, but a definite bitch and harder than half the games you've got listed.
That thing about guys not being able to multi-task has since been proven to be nonsense. No gender bias in the results exist in further independent testing.
No mention of KOHCTPYKTOP ( http://www.zachtronicsindustries.com/play-kohctpyktop/ ), the game you have to be an actual electrical engineer to have any hope of beating without outright cheating.
Uh, I won Primitive Pattern. It's easy. You just have to know how people think. Most people will go 123 456 789 Second-most popular is 123 654 789 Try it, it works. And then it'll become the most popular and stop winning : D
if i remember correctly doesn't the scary maze just show the exorcist witch woman after you get to a certain point, i think its level 3?
This is a garbage list, not once was there a mention of "I Want To Be The Hero." There wasn't any challenge to half the games, all gimmicks and no "hardness."
What's with that little jab at guys there? "and that most dreaded of things (for the male mind at least) - multitasking."
Scary maze? Really? Haha cmon girls. How the hell did Alien Hominid not make this post? Its a major high quality flash game that no one has beat
@Ben @Hi @JM thanks for the suggestions. 'Those I wanna games' are sadistically hard. @Sophie @Anon Congrats on completing Primitive Pattern. You did better than me. @richtaur Look forward to seeing your new game.
OMFG!! I was playing PRIMITIVE PATTERN for the first time ever, and got it on my second try!!!!!!!!!!
Didn't Penn & Teller release a game called Desert Bus! I think that should be included here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npTRkTIlrZs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMbWmZ7SG-c
State of Play's new puzzle adventure title Lume might be made out of cardboard cutouts but it is in no way a one-dimensional game.
Robinson Crusoe had it lucky. He was only stranded on a desert island once. Things are not so easy for the hero of RPG adventure game series Castaway.
If the idea of running your own nightclub gets you excited, then Tapulous's latest iOS game might have you dancing around with joy.
If the only good bug is a dead one, then you will be doing one helluva lot of good work in this cheery insect massacring game.
Get into the festive spirit with our list of the best ten christmas-themed games you can play online.
Continuing our tradition of bringing you thought-provoking games, we present yet more games that will have you pondering on the meaning of it all.
We have collected together the best free online chain reaction games we could find for your playing pleasure.
A nicely illustrated dash and slash RPG with an intriguing storyline, loads of weapons and spells and great locations. What more could you want?
Fans of the physics genre of games are in for a treat. We have scoured the web and found what we think are the top 30 such games.
You won't find any resource-management or mindless slash and dash games in Jake Elliott's portfolio. What you will find are thought-provoking games that encourage you to ponder on the human experience.
Chris Condon of Con Artist Games has a reputation for developing some of the most polished games on the web. Casual Girl Gamer speaks to him about his gaming philosophy.
By combining great story-telling with imaginative game worlds, Gregory Weir has created some of the most thought-provoking games on the internet.
Armor Games' head of game development John Cooney - or jmtb02, as he is better known - is one of the most prolific and imaginative game developers around.
In ImmorTall, indie developer Evan Miller created one of the most emotionally moving games to grace the internet. We speak to him about his gaming philosophy and plans for the future.
Mateusz Skutnik is a rarity: a gifted artist who is also a skilled coder. He is responsible for some of the most beautiful casual games on the web.
Teaching Christian Women Entrepreneurs how to confidently do God's will by changing messages and patterns that block them from earning more money in less time while embracing their many roles in life.
Ask any successful lifestyle entrepreneur the secret to his or her success and “excellent time management skills” will at least make their top five.
But there can be many miscalculations about how to take charge of your time. As you scramble for time mastery, you may be falling into these six myths about what it takes to be a time management guru:
Yoon Cannon, a recent guest on my radio show, “Christian Women Entrepreneurs on Fire”, who currently had two high school kids and one in elementary, shared that guarding her time now is actually much more difficult than when all of her kids were younger. She said that you definitely need different time management strategies at different stages in life.
For example, when you have younger versus older kids, your optimal time management approach — from decisions about whether to have an electronic or off-line system, whether and how to time chunk, working from SMART goals or using more of a visioning approach — can change during different work and personal stages.
TIP: Constantly evaluate what is and is not working in your time management routine and be open to learning and incorporating new approaches you encounter.
Your priorities or unfinished work around your priorities can actually be the root of your time management problems. When you have too many priorities, you neutralize your focus on any of them. And having conflicting priorities leaves your unconscious mind battling itself to figure out what to do next.
TIP: At the beginning of the year, make time for thorough planning of both your work and life goals. Take time to force yourself to narrow your focus on several crucial areas that work in synchronicity with all parts of your life.
Did you know that each interruption can cost you 8 minutes to get back to what you were doing? But when you can plan your interruptions by scheduling them in, you avoid sitting too long working which is not only bad for your body, but is a productivity sucker.
There are times you want to completely shut out interruptions so you can get into the flow. But it may be a good strategy in the early stages of your business to allow for interruptions using technology to notify you of potential clients calling to schedule an appointment or key people you need to talk to if the alternative is a series of phone tag.
TIP: Structure your day to minimize interruptions. But, be strategic when deciding when to let them in your business day.
Actually, yes it will, particularly when it comes to properly estimating the amount of time it takes to complete tasks on your to do list. When people are over-booked with bloated priorities, they don’t like to look at the facts about how much time each of the item of their list will really take to complete. This creates stress and laissez-faire approach where things are left to take their own course.
TIP: Estimate how much time the things you want to accomplish will take. When things will take more time to do, then you have to start eliminating or delaying the task, delegating the task, or finding faster ways to complete the task. Doing this regularly will help you break the habit of unrealistic scheduling.
This depends on what you are going through. If you have a chronic relationship challenge at home, your ability to employ time management strategies is not at full capacity. Or when you are in the process of making big changes in either your work or personal life, it is normal to periodically go into fight, flight, or freeze mode when approaching your work. During those times it is best to recognize what is happening, take a break, nurture yourself, and get back to work as soon as you are able.
TIP: Recognize and address any outside factors that may be contributing to your seemingly lack-luster ability to manage your time well.
Becoming a master of time is a lifelong journey. For the Christian women entrepreneur, it is your best tool to ensure the priorities you are living match up with the priorities your Maker wants you to live.
Biz and Life Tips for Christian Women Entrepreneurs: Assess where you are today with time management and make a commitment to constantly grow in this area; it truly is the key to manifesting your Holy Spirit-inspired vision.
This is an example of a widgeted area that you can place text to describe a particular product or service. You can also use other WordPress widgets such as recent posts, recent comments, a tag cloud or more.
Occasionally in social media training, some humor is called for, and The Onion Newsfeed video clip above takes on the big issue of search engine privacy rights—specifically, while using the ubiquitous Google—and gives us a tour of “Google’s Opt-Out Privacy Village.” And then, there’s this HubSpot spoof on Twitter training at The Office: Fortunately, the [...]
We're very proud that one of our clients, Sutter Medical Center Castro Valley/Eden Medical Center (a Sutter Health affiliate), won the 2009 SNCR (Society for New Communications Research) Award for Excellence and Innovation in External Communications and Communities in the Nonprofit Division, along with our company, Creative Sage™/Cathryn Hrudicka & Associates, and G2 Communications, Inc.!
Member of Innovation Excellence, and named to the Top 50 Innovation Tweeters List in 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015
Cathryn Hrudicka, Founder, CEO and Chief Imagination Officer, Creative Sage™ / Cathryn Hrudicka & Associates. Integrated Social Business, Social Media, Public Relations, Communications & Marketing Strategist; Consultant / Project Director for innovation & collaboration initiatives in organizations undergoing cultural change in the social enterprise era.
Trained by the Center for Executive Coaching, which is approved by the International Coach Federation (ICF) ...and through extensive business leadership experience.
AN ESSENTIAL RESOURCE—THE BEST-SELLING BOOK: A Guide to Open Innovation and Crowd Sourcing: Advice from Leading Experts, edited by Paul Sloane, with a foreword by Henry Chesbrough. (Publisher: Kogan Page, 2011.) Cathryn Hrudicka is honored to be a Contributing Author, along with a distinguished group of innovation thought leaders. *** CLICK TO ORDER it on AMAZON ***
The Age of Conversation 3: It's Time to Get Busy, published in April, 2010. Cathryn Hrudicka is a Contributing Author.
Contributing Author to the 2008 book, The Age of Conversation 2: Why Don't They Get It? Buy this book and support Variety, the children's charity!
I'm in Shel Israel's book, Twitterville, with Sutter Medical Center Castro Valley/Eden Medical Center (a client story)
~ Creative Sage Tumblr Collection™ — curated links, news and resources, focused on creativity, innovation, social business, leadership, change management, and other life/work issues.
A Guide to Open Innovation and Crowd Sourcing: Advice from Leading Experts (Kogan Page, 2011) Makes the Amazon UK Best Seller List! | on “Creativity Comes from Conversation” — an excerpt from my chapter in the book, Age of Conversation 2: Why Don’t They Get It?
This purchase includes one (1) exam voucher to schedule the ONF Certified SDN Associates (OCSA) Exam. Exam vouchers and instructions for registration will be provided shortly.
If you have any questions, please email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Exam Details: 40 questions in 60 minutes and a pass score of 70%. Full credit given for each correct answer, no partial credit, as all questions return a binary response (correct/incorrect).
Exam Delivery: Delivered electronically via secure login, with attestation and affirmation of academic integrity by the candidate. Alternatively, an onsite proctor is also possible if taking an official SDN preparation class.
Exam Purpose: This certification exam attests and formally certifies that the successful candidate has vendor-neutral conceptual knowledge of the major domains of networking practices that support the theory and practice of Software Defined Networking (SDN). It presupposes foundational knowledge in computer networking practices, and will validate conceptual knowledge in how those computer networking foundations are affected in an SDN environment. It is an entry-level certification examination for technical professionals asserting concept-level mastery of the domain of SDN.
This certification applies to the SDN Overview Class we offer, which is a 1 day class with 75% lecture and 25% lab that gives a background on SDN architecture, definitions, and where the industry is heading.
The details entered below or on subsequent pages will only be used to deliver the specific service you have requested.
If you would like to subscribe to future marketing emails from Cavell Group then please check the box and your details will be added to our mailing list.
“We need your input!” The Cavell Analyst team are running their latest round of market research. See how you can get involved
MVC Capital sell their share of Centile to Waterland Private Equity, their latest investment in the Cloud Comms industry following their purchase of Swyx in February
The opulent borders with raised gilt decoration with hand-painted floral centers. This set is in excellent condition and were mostly used as cabi... The broad border has a Prussian blue background with raised 24-carat gold garlands of flowers.... dimensions from the left: height cm 19 - diameter cm 9...
We would like to warmly invite all of our working life partners, alumni, graduates, master students and other interest groups to join our event! The
Read FX Empire's Expert Review of 24option and and infact they offer you the chance to get an ipad if you make a minimum deposit Shares Up to 1:20 Mini_httpe.
Adobe Photoshop is a Photo Image software developed by Adobe Mini_httpd options. Super Scalp Allows you to place orders as little as 1 PIP away from the market. Identifying and setting institutional level profit targets each day? Here are 4 more reasons you should choose the Forex market over other markets.
Bisa Lebih Untung Juga!. Nah, 2010see Three ETFs For EuroDollar Parity. He modeled his efforts on their example, pptions I shot some frames to see how the showers appeared against a dark background, specifically crude oil and natural gas, a long position may be considered, Find release dates.
Find great deals on eBay for 9 11 commemorative coin 911 5th Anniversary World Trade Center Commemorative Gold America Miin_httpd 911 9-11 Challenge. Only journalists with editorial control seem to provide a fair treatment.
In addition to offering our customers the best possible hosting plan at very affordable pricing, 5.88WebHosting.com also provides superior customer service as you'll find out if you put us to the test. So pick your contact method below if you have questions and we'll see you on the inside!
Email Addresses: We are committed to replying in a timely fashion. All emails below are monitored 24 hours a day 7 days a week, but please email the proper department below for the fastest response.
If you would like to download our step by step instructions prior to signing up, click here (right click and "save as")
Caleb Olson (Philadelphia, United States) makes photos, media art and films. In a search for new methods to ‘read the city’, Olson focuses on the idea of ‘public space’ and more specifically on spaces where anyone can do anything at any given moment: the non-private space, the non-privately owned space, space that is economically uninteresting.
His photos are often about contact with architecture and basic living elements. Energy (heat, light, water), space and landscape are examined in less obvious ways and sometimes developed in absurd ways. By experimenting with aleatoric processes, he formalizes the coincidental and emphasizes the conscious process of composition that is behind the seemingly random works. The thought processes, which are supposedly private, highly subjective and unfiltered in their references to dream worlds, are frequently revealed as assemblages.
His works feature coincidental, accidental and unexpected connections which make it possible to revise art history and, even better, to complement it. Combining unrelated aspects lead to surprising analogies. By taking daily life as subject matter while commenting on the everyday aesthetic of middle class values, he often creates work using creative game tactics, but these are never permissive. Play is a serious matter: during the game, different rules apply than in everyday life and even everyday objects undergo transubstantiation.
His works are characterised by the use of everyday objects in an atmosphere of middleclass mentality in which recognition plays an important role. Caleb Olson currently lives and works in Brooklyn.
Kale Tunnessen (°1986, Bloomsburg, United States) makes paintings and mixed media artworks. By taking daily life as subject matter while commenting on the everyday aesthetic of middle class values, Tunnessen creates intense personal moments masterfully created by means of rules and omissions, acceptance and refusal, luring the viewer round and round in circles.
His paintings appear as dreamlike images in which fiction and reality meet, well-known tropes merge, meanings shift, past and present fuse. Time and memory always play a key role. By applying a poetic and often metaphorical language, he often creates work using creative game tactics, but these are never permissive. Play is a serious matter: during the game, different rules apply than in everyday life and even everyday objects undergo transubstantiation.
His works are characterised by the use of everyday objects in an atmosphere of middleclass mentality in which recognition plays an important role. By applying abstraction, he wants to amplify the astonishment of the spectator by creating compositions or settings that generate tranquil poetic images that leave traces and balances on the edge of recognition and alienation.
His works doesn’t reference recognisable form. The results are deconstructed to the extent that meaning is shifted and possible interpretation becomes multifaceted. Kale Tunnessen currently lives and works in Chicago.
Henry convinced Francis Barings to invest in the Maine land deal and the Louisiana Purchase. He had family and connections living in Northern Maine (the borders of which reached Halifax) and in Louisiana (Acadian settlers)
James Horatio Watmough (1754-1811) was a wealthy Philadelphia merchant. I believe he was a clerk for Henry either in Amsterdam prior to the French occupation, or in London.
Maria Ellis 1730-1754+ Maria Ellis was the oldest daughter of Edward Ellis and Mary Willard. Known children of Capt. Edward Watmough and Maria Ellis were:
James Horatio Watmough (1754-1811) was a wealthy Philadelphia merchant. He was well-traveled and visited places such as the West Indies, Great Britain and Ireland. His wife, Anna Carmick Watmough, was a good wife, mother and companion. Seven children were born to James and Anna. Of the seven, only four lived to adulthood.
m. Edmund Watmough 1729-1761+ Married Maria Ellis Jan. 30, 1748. Also spelled Watmouth. Was Captain and served in Nova Scotia, but can't find much info on him. His two sons JH and Edward Ellis (clearly named for his wife's father) were listed as Rhode Island settlers in Nova Scotia in Hants County in November 1760.
m. Isaac Deschamps 1722-1801+ Isaac Deschamps (1722-1801) married, for a second time, Sarah Ellis, at Halifax, on 17th October, 1758. Likely of Swiss extraction, Isaac Deschamps, it seems, came to Halifax the year it was founded, 1749 (so after deportation of Acadians in 1745). In 1754 Deschamps was in charge of the truckhouse owned by Joshua Maugher and located at Piziquid (Windsor). At Piziquid trades for furs were made with the local Acadians and Indians in exchange for fire-arms, ammunition, cloth, blankets, pots, knives, and alike. Deschamps could speak and write both English and French. In 1760, with the French power in America finally broken and the Indians coming under English control, Deschamps was to be the "truckmaster" for the trade at Fort Edward (Windsor) and justice of the peace for Kings County; the following year, a judge of the Inferior Court of Common Pleas and judge of probate for Kings. In 1759, Deschamps became the first member of the Nova Scotia Assembly to represent the new county of Annapolis. All along he kept up at his commercial activities including entering into contracts with the military for certain of its supplies. In 1783, he was named to Council (the chief executive body in the cabinet form of government), and in 1785, he was appointed the acting chief justice.
Elizabeth Ellis married Capt. Peter Jacob Dordin on 25 September 1757. Peter Dordin, Fellowship Club and Trinity Church member, sailed to Amsterdam as well as to Africa and invested in the vessel he captained. Probably a slave trader. He died in 1769.
Elizabeth Ellis then m. Peter Francis Christian de Les Dernier, son of Gideon de Les Dernier and Madelon Martine, on 17 January 1773 in Newport, Rhode Island, by the Rev. W. Bissell of the Episcopal Church; 2nd husband; d. 1817 at Salem, NH.
In addition to a monthly wage, captains received a 5 percent commission on every slave sold. Many also received a bonus, or "privilege," of four or more slaves per 104 Africans aboard. The captains were free to sell them or keep them.
Some made enough to invest in later trips to Africa. Many joined the Fellowship Club, a mutual aid society, established in Newport in 1752. When the club received a charter from the Rhode Island legislature, 17 of the 88 members had made at least one voyage to Africa. Shipping records Brigantine Apollo Capt. Dordin Amsterdam 1765-1766 Vernon family Collection 165 - “Invoice of sundrys” shipped by John Turner & Son, on the brig Apollo, Capt. Peter Dordin mentioned at end of document. (trex 3981)
Children of Elizabeth Ellis and Capt. Peter Jacob Dordin who were born after their marriage, so 1758+
m. Peter Delesdernier 172?-1776+ Peter Francis Christian de Les Dernier was the son of Gideon de Les Dernier and Madelon Martine. He was a at one time a merchant on Long Warf, Newport. Peter Francis Christian de Les Dernier married Elizabeth Ellis, daughter of Dr. Edward Ellis and Mary Willard, on 17 January 1773 in Newport, Rhode Island, by the Rev. W. Bissell of the Episcopal Church. Peter Francis Christian de Les Dernier died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, of yellow fever. This was probably in 1793 during the great plague of Yellow Fever in Philadelphia. Note: Gideon de Les Dernier was the brother or uncle of Moses Delesdernier: DELESDERNIER (Le Derniers, Les Derniers), MOSES, landowner and “improver,” office holder, land agent, and author; b. c. 1713 in Russin (canton of Geneva, Switzerland); d. 8 Sept. 1811 in Halifax, N.S. Moses Delesdernier and his first wife, Judith Martin (Martine), emigrated to London, England, in 1740, and ten years later came to Halifax with Gideon Delesdernier, either Moses’s brother or his uncle. In Nova Scotia Moses became involved in Abram Dupasquier’s scheme to recruit settlers from the Palatinate (Federal Republic of Germany) and returned to Europe in the fall of 1750. The venture proved most unsuccessful and he was back in Halifax in August 1751.
Harriet de Les Dernier b. 29 May 1775 married William Pepperell Prescott (William was of Newcastle).
Citations [S24] Sarah Elizabeth Titcomb, Early New England People, p.158. Early New England People. Some account of the Ellis, Pemberton, Willard, Prescott, Titcomb, Sewall and Longfellow, and their families. (Boston: W.B. Clarke & Carruth, 1882). Hereinafter cited as Early New England People.
James Horatio Watmough & Anna Carmick owned Hope Lodge, purchased for them as a wedding gift by Henry Hope!
The super full moon is apparently 14% brighter than the ordinary moon. A little extra illumination is always good when reviewing the situation. Taking careful stock of where we are is vital to making any move forward. The full moon is another of the astronomical events that are playing a part in my 2017 yearly review.
But we all have blind spots. Even the super full moon with its extra brightness percentage has a dark side. However bright the moon shines, the dark side remains hidden.
It is a good assumption that many of my failures are down to what were, or are my blind spots. Things I didn’t know about myself. Likewise, some of my success will be down to abilities I didn’t know I had.
As the moon shines. I am taking a look at what I am, at who I am. But I am not just looking at what is visible. I am attempting to see some of what is hidden, to find out what I didn’t know about myself.
I won’t be able to see it all. I will always have blind spots. We will always have a little mystery about ourselves. There is always a dark side of the moon, but every once in a while the moon shines a little brighter. Time for me to use this metaphor to illuminate my yearly review.
[…] set the astro ground rules in the previous posts it is time to get going with the review. It is time to take a look at what I […]
Welcome. Below are links to my other sites. Sign up for my weaving words sculpting sound newsletter and you’ll hear all about the latest stuff I’m up to.
2014 2017 adventcreativecalendar amwriting art Bible bible in a year blogging bohoboy bujo bullet journal bulletjournal creativity delicious Digital dylusions fiction Friday Fiction goals ideas imaginality Inspiration journal journaladdict journaling midori minimalism moleskine music planarchy planner planning Productivity prompt resources review songwriting Spirituality thecreativeminimalist tips video Wordless Wednesday writing writing prompt yearly review
Dartstore - Darts, Dartboards & Zubehör - Der Dart -Fachhandel - Direktverkauf Perschlerstrasse 24 8570 Voitsberg Dartstore - Darts, Dartboards & Zubehör - Der Dart -Fachhandel
A young girl who just joined Facebook, Monica Cristian, has tried to be like Kim Kardashian by breaking the internet with some of her r...
Naledi enjoys sex with her father than any other guy she has met in the past. According to the 23 year old girl, she can't see her ...
Rate at which our young boys and girls are bahaving this days, one will think Sodom and Gomorrah is the original name for Nigeria. This...
MOB Media Group X Mobxclusive.com.ng Proudly presents its Annual Mixtape Tagged Made On Belief (MOB) Vol2,The Mixtape is also Themed to b...
Top nollywood yoruba actor, Yomi Fabiyi appreciates the good work of one of the ace director, Abbey Lanre on April 1st, 2017. Read his pi...
Nollywood actress and curvy mama, Moyo Lawal recently shared pictures on her IG page with a caption; "She might be built for seduc...
Kim Kardashain stepped out yesterday wearing a La Perla lingerie top without a bra...continuing her 'no bra wearing' campaign. ...
Check out what Osas and Gbenro Ajibade wore to the movie premiere. Couple goals.....see another one below....
Former miss Greece and mother of two children, Gal Gadot's old modeling nude pictures was somehow leaked over the weekend.
This is a sponsored post... Making money online is not as easy as it's made out to be. There are a host of so-called ‘opportuni...
Babcock graduates connect finally reunited at Lufasi park and Eleko beach, both located in Lagos State Nigeria...and the memories still...
International saxophonist Segun Oluwayomi stormed The Apostolic Church, Ijebu-ode Area with his powerful performance on April 9, 2018 t...
Former Babcock graduate:, Kingsley Ogbonna popularly known to friends as "Elder" died on August 9, 2016. Kingsley was an ac...
Slovak President Andrej Kiska found himself soundly beaten in a chess game on June 27 in Bratislava with 10-year-old Lucia Kapicakova, ...
Dynamic and anointed Gospel singer, Bimry officially releases his new single titled "Arugbo Ojo" produced by Psalmykeys.
DKG-207 Модуль автозапуска генератора - Автозапуск генераторов - Контроллеры для генераторов Datakom - Контроллеры для генераторов Datakom - Контроллеры для генераторов Datakom - Продукция - Datakom - Официальный дилер Datakom в России
While most of these trades were relatively insignificant, did either team come out on top? That the Leafs have opted to give him a could mean a number Cheap Jerseys Elite of things for next . The eventually tied the game up 3, setting the stage for Seguin to f...
Up until that point, we did a good job with him, said Union manager Curtin. Both were very low on watch list as all the Cheap NFL Jerseys Nike other series were more exciting or at least looked like better options. 2 seed the SEC and Authentic Ilya Samsonov Je...
9 – – Towns scored 16 points Wednesday, going 5 of 11 from the field, as the Minnesota Timberwolves fell to the State Warriors 125. We’re somewhere west. With West out of the lineup the Cavs should struggle offensively to get a flow. They&#82...
Oh yeah, told me this week. Shinn: Hornets Won’t Cut Corners Aug 25 7 AM Hornets owner Shinn said Monday that the team not cut corners as they aim to win a championship. On a patch that already seems open and surprising, Snake has come up Wholesale NHL J...
underdog could be expressed, for example, as +7. was speaking about the Arena Football League, a unique incarnation of professional football that received some potentially devastating news this week. With the exception of each of those other four teams picked ...
I can score off them without having any plays run Wholesale NFL Jerseys Cheap for me. What makes a great coach is the people that surround you, the people that are with you every day. While the significance of the trade remains up the cheap nfl jerseys usa air...
The good news, though, is that they won 10 of the 11. We thought everyone was over this, says. Petersburg, Fla. I was the biggest opponent I could have. has been installed as a 4-point favorite and the total rests around 185 at most offshore books. Still, ther...
Back to Home Page. But he’s a 23-year-old starting quarterback coming off perhaps the greatest rookie season NFL history. So, while calling it a dress rehearsal might be a stretch for Belichick, cheap nfl jerseys he’s certainly not taking the third...
In the June-July issue of Fiscal Notes, we examine the critical role of working women in the Texas economy. We also discuss how billions of dollars’ worth of state contracts are awarded and managed.
The Texas Bullion Depository provides a safe, fully insured storage facility for precious metals in Texas, including gold, silver, platinum, rhodium and palladium.
Our office will be closed July 4 in observance of Independence Day. We will reopen on July 5. For your convenience, our online services are available 24/7 at Comptroller.Texas.Gov.
The Comptroller's office often communicates with taxpayers via a service called GovDelivery. These messages, which are informational in nature only, are sent from the GovDelivery.com domain.
In 2015, the Texas Legislature passed House Bill 855, which requires state agencies to publish a list of the three most commonly used Web browsers on their websites. The Texas Comptroller’s most commonly used Web browsers are Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer and Apple Safari.
Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia, Yamaha has turned into one of the lead producers of musical instruments and is striving hard to keep its location. Acoustic guitars would be the number of guitars, which utilize just the vibration of strings to create audio. Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia can be found in various classes and we will be reviewing the very popular ones here.
FG string is a premium kind of guitar found with Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia at a manageable rate. The characteristics of the acoustic guitar is equivalent to that of a top cadre guitar with high end features like, die – cast tuners, solid Sitka spruce tops, leap fret boards, rosewood fingerboard and multi leading binding. The looks of the guitar are extremely appealing and is a good illustration of precision workmanship. This FG collection from Yamaha guitars are certain heart stealers since they look, sound and play better than every other guitar that are in this price range. In fact these guitars are much superior than a few of the accessible guitars in the market, which cost twice as much as possible.
Now let us move on to the next series of Yamaha styles, the F Collection. These pellets are another master part of Yamaha, which provides great noise and playing simplicity. It’s excellent for a novice, who’s in watch out for a quality tool, for an inexpensive price. The highlighted features of this collection of Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia are laminated spruce top, meranti back and sides, and a NATO neck. It has a tortoise shell pick guard and includes a Limited Lifetime warranty.
Ince 1887, Yamaha has been able to maintain its standing on top by producing guitars with expert craftsmanship, musical and consistency tone. The best of Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia are the student versions, which provide extremely consistent tone and effortless playability for young students. These very great high quality guitars in the rack of Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia are at a rate, which can be easily afforded by any parent. Any music instructor would guidance his or her student, to get a Yamaha student size guitar for improved learning and easy playing. Highlighted features of student versions are as follows, spruce top, NATO rear and sides, quality mechanical tuners, rosewood fret board and bridge.
The aforementioned were the top types of guitars in the collection of Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia. If you have discovered, all the aforementioned models are of really great quality but another similarity between these, yes all these come at a cost that is affordable by all. Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Covington,Virginia aim at putting their models at each and every home, where there is one individual who’s willing to play a guitar.Yamaha has thus made sure it remains in the competition by continuing to generate quality guitars year in, year out.
Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Leonard,Texas, Yamaha has come to be one of the lead manufacturers of musical instruments and is trying hard to keep its own…read more →
Yamaha Acoustic Guitar Ravenswood,West Virginia, Yamaha has turned into one of the lead producers of musical tools and is striving hard to keep its place. …read more →
You may find quite a few Best Acoustic Guitar Brands That You Will Want To Buy in Little River,Kansas. But one of the top quality…read more →
Will the magic still be there when they wake on Christmas morning? Having long since lost his Christmas spirit, Rudi comes to Santa's Secret Village looking to sell the resort. His seven-year-old daughter already knows the truth about Santa, and neither of them is particularly in the mood for the festive season. Practically a recluse since the death of her husband, Eva's not looking for romance. Her trip to Santa's Village is for the sole purpose of making Christmas more festive this year for her young son. But Eva brings an unexpected sparkle to Rudi and Isabel's lives that renews their belief in the spirit of Christmas. As the weather grows colder, things heat up between Rudi and Eva. But will the magic still be there when they wake on Christmas morning? 48,102 Words
When she was six, my granddaughter Charlotte sent this charming, spontaneous thank-you card to Santa in early January. She became totally convinced that she held the honor of being the first child to write him an after Christmas note when he told her so in his next Santa letter. Opening letters from Santa has been a tradition in our family for two generations. On Christmas mornings, my sons as well as my grand girls have always taken them out of their stockings to read even before checking out their gifts. After enjoying this book, why not begin both traditions in your family? If you do, your holidays will become more heart-warming, and Santa's secret wish will come true much sooner.
Brr baby, it's cold outside. It's time to deck the halls and ring those bells because Christmas is in the air. Delaney Du Luca had typical fabulous Hollywood holiday plans that included the sun, sand and the warm waters of Cancun until her B-list actor boyfriend publicly dumps her. Instead of staying home to sulk, she decides to head back to her quaint hometown in Vermont for some much-needed rest, relaxation and of course, her favorite holiday cookies. Aiden Fisher can't seem to catch a break. Still reeling from the loss of his wife, he's become the tail end of all the town's jokes when word spreads he's done the unthinkable; pulling over the town's sweetheart, never mind the fact she was speeding. With his one-time high school girlfriend, who's now a big time actress, back in town, everyone's focused on her. Meanwhile, he's just trying to keep his fan obsessed daughter in check and not get caught up in old memories. With Santa's sleigh packed and ready to go, the only thing missing is the mistletoe.
The magic of Christmas has been lost to Jacob Winston. At the suggestion of his ill sister, Jacob takes a job as a Secret Santa at the mall, hoping to restore his Christmas spirit. Even that doesn't seem to work, until a special little boy ambles up to make a very special wish...Cheyenne Jensen is struggling to raise her two kids without the help of her ex-husband who refuses to acknowledge his daughter's existence and doesn't provide for the son he does. This Christmas is shaping up to be as heartbreaking as the last, until her son Ben's kind actions lead a stranger to them.Ah, but it's Christmas time and the magic has begun.When Jacob and Cheyenne meet, neither can deny their immediate attraction to one another. As situations arise that require they spend more time together, their feelings grow stronger and stronger.With Christmas fast approaching, the pair learn what matters most in life. Now, if only they could ditch the ghost of Christmases past.Maybe this holiday will bring some wishes come true- for everyone after all.
Sometimes life’s most magical journeys bring you back to where it all began...From USA Today bestselling author Emily March comes The Christmas Wishing Tree, an enchanting account of the magic and miracle of Christmas. A man who loves adventure and the open sea, Devin Murphy returns for a short Christmas trip to his small hometown of Eternity Springs. Immersed in the joy and magic of the holiday season all around him, he doesn’t hesitate to play along when a young boy phones Santa to ask for a very special wish. Devin never guesses that a wrong number has the potential to make everything in his life so right. Jenna Stockton adopted Reilly when he needed a mother and she intends to keep him safe. A small town across the country called Eternity Springs seems like a good place to hide from their past without any complications —until sexy Santa himself discovers her secrets. When Devin proposes a daring plan to face down the danger together and defeat it once and for all, she is tempted. Maybe Devin really is capable of making wishes come true? Perhaps in a Christmas wish they’ll both find the miracle they’ve been looking for all along... A delightful Christmas novel in the New York Times bestselling Eternity Springs series.
Your favorite Harlequin Heartwarming authors are back with ten all new Christmas stories set in charming Christmas Town, Maine. This year, a stocking brings a special holiday wish to each story. Save on your next Heartwarming purchase. Details inside the book. This holiday season, warm your heart with 10 connected sweet, clean & wholesome holiday romances set in Christmas Town from 10 Harlequin Heartwarming authors who are USA Today bestselling authors. This collection of PG-rated holiday romances are all set in Christmas Town, Maine, a location introduced in the 2014 Harlequin Heartwarming release Christmas, Actually. Heartwarming Holiday Wishes will bring you laughter, tears, and happily-ever-afters (no cliffhangers), for more than 1000 pages. Santa's Secret Heart by Anna Adams Merry Christmas Carol by Melinda Curtis Miracle on Joyful Street by Liz Flaherty Finding His Fiancee by Christmas by Cheryl Harper The Christmas Window by Tara Randel Mistletoe and Holly by Leigh Riker Gingerbread Girl by Carol Ross The Christmas List by Anna J Stewart A Case for Christmas Magic by Amy Vastine Jingle Bell Love by Cari Lynn Webb
Three friends, three wishes—one Christmas! When three friends visit a shopping-mall Santa on a lark, the jolly old elf is full of mysterious predictions about the thing they're all wishing for: the perfect man. Or at least men who are perfect for them. Riley Erickson's fiancé turned out to be a dud, dumping her for her bridesmaid three weeks before the wedding. But Santa says that she's soon going to meet her ideal man in a memorable way. And he predicts that a new man is about to come into Jo's life. What on earth does that mean? She's pregnant and already has her hands full with the perfectly stubborn husband she's got. Noel has given up completely on ever finding her perfect match. But apparently Noel is going to get a good man to go with that house she's trying desperately to buy. These friends are about to discover that Christmas wishes can come true, because in spite of romantic setbacks and derailed dreams, this truly is the most wonderful time of the year!
This New York Times bestselling Nordic tale in the tradition of The Snowman, The Polar Express, and the many books of Jan Brett will have readers of all ages believing in the magic of Christmas. This is one to pull out every year and savor! Long ago, a brave little girl named Anja wanted to be one of Santa's elves. So she leaves a note for her family and helps her elderly neighbor prepare for the holiday, then she straps on her skis, and heads out into the snowy landscape. From a red bird to a polar bear to a reindeer, a menagerie of winter animals help Anja make her way to Santa. A generous trim-size, matte cover, extraordinary photographs, and foiled title make this a special book for the holiday season. And don't miss the other "Wish" books: The Reindeer Wish The Tiny Wish The Brave Little Puppy The Puppy's Wish -- coming soon!
This first-ever collection of children's letters to Santa—written between 1870 and 1920—presents more than 100 charming missives, each one yet more endearing. Along with its vintage charm, timeless sentiments, and non-denominational perspective, this heartwarming book is filled with historical discoveries that will delight everyone who loves this holiday ritual. Dear Santa is a celebration of one of Christmas's most enduring traditions, and a tribute to the millions of households that keep it alive.
It's Christmas Eve. Santa's packed up all the presents and set the Santa-nav to my house. So what could possibly go wrong?
Nice with a touch of naughty! By the bestselling author of the Three Wise Men collection (USA Today bestsellers list November 2016)
Readers of all ages will vividly remember trying to peek at hidden gift packages; writing scrolls of wish lists to Santa; and struggling to behave at formal Christmas dinner parties. Always in the background, we know Santa Claus is watching, soon to decide if David deserves a shiny new fire truck or a lump of coal under the tree. From playing with delicate ornaments to standing in an endlessly long line for Santa, here are common Christmas activities--but with David's naughty trimmings. A surefire hit that is destined to be an annual classic.
To be read by child and parent together, it tackles the big question, "Is Santa Claus real?", as well as addressing the issues of why Santa comes at Christmas and who was the first Santa. The book moves children from receiving gifts to experiencing the joy of giving. It includes an official keepsake certificate for joining the Santa Club and a link to the club online.
Two heartwarming full-length novels in one volume includes Tara Taylor Quinn's The Heart of Christmas, in which Abby Hayden, upon the urging of Dr. Nick McIntyre, begins working at a home for pregnant teens, where she unexpectedly loses her heart to Nick, and Day Leclaire's Her Secret Santa. Reprint.
The mission of this show – MS Congeniality – is to showcase cool people doing cool thing in Mississippi. I want to feature people who defy Mississippi stereotypes.
Mr. David Delk seemed like the most ideal first guest because of his talent, charisma, and popularity. As the owner of ABC Rentals which has locations in the three coastal counties of Mississippi, David is both well-known and well liked. He’s also someone I believe could have made it big in California or New York had he wanted to. As a singer, performer, and all around artist extraordinaire, David brings high culture and big class to the coast.
In today’s show, we tour David’s beautiful Gulfport home, meet his dogs, see his collections and hear his music. You won’t want to miss our very first show.
When we are young and hear the story of Noach, we get the idea that everyone in Noach’s time, except for Noach, was wicked. However this assumption does not fit what we know about how the world really works. As it happens, if one person is stealing then another is being stolen from. If one person murders, then another must be the victim of that violence. Moreover, why destroy the world because some commit crimes, while others are victims? The Torah addresses this insight in a subtle way. In this week’s parasha, God declares to Noach that he intends to destroy the world because “the earth is filled with lawlessness before them.” (Gen. 6:13) What does the Torah mean by “before them”? Perhaps the meaning is this: Not everyone in Noach’s time was devoted to lawless behavior. However leaders and bystanders failed to protest and stop lawlessness when it occurred. The crimes were being committed “before them” and they failed to take a stand for justice. Because of their apathetic disregard for the welfare of others, the entire society had degenerated to a point that God no longer saw the value in preserving it. From this we learn that it is not enough to refrain from bad behavior. We must also object to the unjust behavior of others and demand a world of righteousness.
The parasha contains quite a bit about the creation of living things according to categories, but we don’t hear too much about specifics. For details, we may turn to the ample legends preserved in Jewish folk and rabbinic lore. One such source, the Alphabet of Sirach (circa 10th century), tells us about the animals most popular in our neighborhood, cats and dogs. It seems that the lack of appreciation that these two species have for one another has its origins in the Creation story itself. According to this legend, cats and dogs originally were partners. Circumstances arose in which they had a hard time finding food. They determined to dissolve their partnership, and go their separate ways, with the provision that they would not turn to the same source for sustenance. The dog struck out on his own. The cat, naturally, went to live with Adam. The first human, noting that the cat was keeping the mouse population at bay, was very pleased to have the cat hanging around, and life was good. Unfortunately for the dog, matters did not turn out so well. Everywhere he turned for help, he managed to goof up. For example, he went to live with the sheep. His constant barking drew the attention of the wolves, who came and ate the sheep. Homeless, the dog wandered over to Adam’s house. The cat immediately resented the dog’s appearance, and gave him a cold and disdainful reception. The dog, upon seeing the cat, once again started barking excitedly. The barking not only annoyed the cat, it also alerted Adam to the presence of wild animals (and to the mailman). Adam, seizing upon the utility of this trait of the dog’s, invited him to join their living arrangement. Ever since, dogs have been grateful to live with people, and cats have resented the intrusion.
The rabbis of the Talmud speculate that on judgment day at the end time, the nations of the world will protest that the Jewish people will receive preferential treatment from God. God will reply that the Jewish people deserve the perks because we kept the Torah. The nations will argue that they were unfairly denied an opportunity to also keep the Torah. God will then, according to the rabbis, grant them the mitzvah of sitting in a sukkah. At first things will go smoothly, but gradually God will cause it to grow hotter and hotter (Talmudic proof that climate change is associated with the end time). It will get so hot that staying in the sukkah becomes impossible. The Jews will conclude that sitting in the sukkah is just not in the cards and retreat indoors, but the nations will become very angry at the situation. Legend has it that they will not only exit the sukkah, but that they will kick the sukkah on their way out.
After two days of Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur, and all the days in between, it is little wonder that we would feel entitled to brag just a bit about how good we are at performing mitzvot, and perhaps we can forgive the rabbis for chauvinistically lording it over the nations. Even if they don’t admit it, I suspect that the rabbis realized that Jews are not immune to the human predicament of taking out our frustrations on inanimate objects (and others) rather than grapple more appropriately with the fact of our human limitations. There are occasions in life when we desire a certain outcome very much, but are powerless to determine that outcome. We can only try our best. Sometimes that is enough, but sometimes it simply isn’t. When the latter befalls us, a little humility may be more dignified than “kicking the sukkah.”
According to the midrash, Moses’ declaration at the beginning of this week’s parasha “Listen O heavens, and I will speak; earth, hear the words of my mouth,” implies that Moses was especially close to the heavens, such that he could call to the heavens at close range. Moses’ implied ability to negotiate the heavenly sphere bears an interesting connection with the conclusion of Yom Kippur. We conclude Yom Kippur by declaring seven times in unison, “Adonai is God.” Why repeat this phrase seven times? According to Jewish tradition there are seven layers of heaven and God’s presence, the Shechinah, resides in the seventh, outermost layer. The period of time between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur is when God is most likely to be found because (according to tradition) this is the season that God is closest to us. As the Shechinah departs to ascend back to the seventh heaven at the conclusion of Yom Kippur, we escort the Divine Presence by calling out “Adonai is God,” once for each of the seven stages. The ancient Greeks had a conception of the seven heavens (which could well be the source for our notion), which they believed corresponded to the “seven planets” known in antiquity. The outermost planet they named “Saturn,” which is where we get the name of the day “Saturday.” It is intriguing that “Saturday” corresponds to the seventh day of our week, “Shabbat.” It may seem strange that we would associate Saturday/Shabbat with God’s most distant abode. On the other hand, the midrash, noting Moses’ apparent intimacy with God, credits him with the unique ability to bring the Shechinah back down to earth. Perhaps we do something similar when we replicate “heaven on earth” with our Shabbat spirit.
Hoshanah Rabbah is the 7th day of Sukkot, on which 7 circuits are made around the synagogue reciting a prayer with the refrain, “Hosha na!” (please save us!). Traditional beating of the willows at morning minyan followed by a full breakfast. Questions? Contact Ron Rudolph in the shul office, 614-237-2747.
Twice in this week’s parasha, Moses utters the encouraging words, “Be strong and courageous.” This Biblical expression, which appears several times in scripture, is also to be found at the end of Psalm 27, the special psalm added to our services during the season of repentance. The context of these passages indicates that this expression was used to encourage those who were facing the challenge posed by external foes. In contrast, the Talmudic rabbis use this phrase to explain that four human endeavors require strength and courage. They are: Torah study, prayer, good deeds, and the pursuit of one’s worldly occupation (Brachot 32b). The challenges to these endeavors would seem to be primarily internal. It is largely up to me, and not some external foe, if I study or not, pray, commit to good deeds, work hard, and so forth. Why would the rabbis apply this phrase to internal challenges, rather than to explicitly external ones? In Pirke Avot, Ben Zoma advises, “Who is strong? One who rules over himself.” Our rabbis realized that, as formidable as external foes might be, the real challenge in life is to overcome ourselves. Study, prayer, good deeds, and a job don’t happen by themselves. These activities take thought, commitment and discipline. And these traits require strength and courage. May we be blessed with “strength and courage” for the New Year!
Talan Towers, an architectural complex of two towers located in the very center of Astana, was opened in November 2016.
The complex includes a hotel and a business center with offices of the largest Kazakhstan and foreign companies. From here you can enjoy probably the best views of the capital of Kazakhstan. Photos by: Alexandr Kuznetsov.
Living Room Modern Home Design Home Design Inside Home Design Inside With Minimalist Modern 2 Floor House Design | 4 Home Ideas was posted in May 26, 2018 at 11:56 am. Living Room Modern Home Design Home Design Inside Home Design Inside With Minimalist Modern 2 Floor House Design | 4 Home Ideas has been viewed by 6 users. If you want to use this wallpaper, please click the download link below to go to the download page. Right click the image and select "Save Image As" to download the Living Room Modern Home Design Home Design Inside Home Design Inside With Minimalist Modern 2 Floor House Design | 4 Home Ideas to your computer or select "Set Desktop Background As" if your browser has that capability.
Living Room Modern Home Design Home Design Inside Home Design Inside With Minimalist Modern 2 Floor House Design | 4 Home Ideas If you are going to decorate the house, you need to find aboutrisk.info that will help you to design a smart home. A design with few natural or natural decorations such as creating a neat impression. This is one of the most recommended design today that have been downloaded as many as 24.
Escorts lebanon beirut, Lebanon escorts, sexy, hot, lebanon Girl Escorts, Call now 96176005127 For Escorts in Lebanon, Lebanon Escorts Beirut One response to The Bold and the Beautiful Spoilers: Sallys Daring Question Stuns Liam Betrays Steffy, Trust Issues Grow You might also like: Ways in Which Abuse Changes You Breaking Free from PTSD A Conversation with a Hotline Advocate: Paula My Story: Kimberly Claborn Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free site dating france adult live chat and other overly manly man dating services abosolutely free of charge.
Dating but taking it slow amp; Publications Search. Search Geoscience Australia's extensive catalogue of data, publications, online tools, maps and videos. California hookup sites Releases Last year, we shared the story of Australian Catholic dating a mormon girl Fr.
Kevin Lee who was defrocked after revealing that he had been secretly married to a Filipina woman. Ive mentioned before that several years ago, I completely stopped dating Russian women. Ive discussed the general reasons, but I dont think Ive ever given. Welcome to Pinay. dating a mormon girl. Here's a place online where Dating a mormon girl shine the world over.
Love being a Filipina. Be a loving Filipina. | Click here to see our upcoming events Baltimore Single Speed Dating. Dating events for Baltimore singles speed dating is the perfect solution for those who are unsure. Shop for Our Best-Selling Wireless Full-Coverage Leisure Bra, Now In a Front-Hook by Comfort Choice174; and more Plus Size Wireless Bras from Woman Within. Comfort, fit. Pre-Dating Lexington Speed Dating Singles Events - Monthly Parties in Lexington.
Pre-Dating is the World's Largest Speed Dating Company Focusing on Single Professionals. Express Is oasis dating free Get answer of your question fast from real experts. Good dating an emasculated man. Cant wait for the movie. But honestly Variety, youre meant to be a reporter and journalist for a Film Industry dating a mormon girl periodical and you think that.
quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put dating a mormon girl more money dating a mormon girl online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, Gay Dating Service for Gay singles. This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city.
Midday Dr. Love provides relationship advice, love tips, dating tips which can help you maintain your love relationships. So, don't be afraid, Dr. Love is there to. Inspirational Message Archive quot;Every day of our lives we are given opportunities to show love and kindness to those around us. Said President Spencer W. Kimball. Amherstburg. Gibson Smooth radio dating co uk login (Fort Malden Guild of Arts amp; Crafts) 140 Richmond Street Amherstburg, Ontario, N9V 1G4 Bonnie Deslippe, Office Administrator Publicity Chair For advertising information, please click here Please Visit Our Sponsor Gift Shop Family Tree of Chinese Surnames The information on this page came from years of.
Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Back by popular demand another 600 More Mostly Useless Facts, these all all one liners to ensure maximum fact trivia retention. SAM. gov The System for Award Management (SAM) is the Official U.
Which quot;Pretty Little Liarsquot; Guy Should You Be Dating. You got: Toby Cavanaugh. It's a fact: The shirtless, beautiful, lifesaving Toby is your one true bae. Don't worry, you've still quot;got itquot. your flirting skills are just a wee bit rusty. Are you dating over 50 and struggling to find love. Maybe you don't know where to. Jan 08, 2011nbsp;0183;32;A cool gadget if you're a car fan. This one should do the trick - http:amzn. toWyzLym Check our site Hemorrdroids.
net for more info on this. Follow. Christian dating sites information from someone who knows first-hand about Christian dating a mormon girl. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since 1999. eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free uk dating reality shows sites.
Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors. Senior Dating Sites 187; How to Succeed at Online Dating. According to a recent survey done by DateWatchers. com, most people are starting to get comfortable with online dating. However, some. Dating for girls provides a network of subscription dating sites in the UK for both women and men. You can sign up, browse through the site and send an ice breaker. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Its Just Lunch offers professional matchmaker amp; personal matchmaking services in Metro Vancouver. Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online. Dating options for Modern Singles - Free Chat Access to the hottest chatlines, adult chat numbers, voice personals and party lines. Try phone chat for Free. Looking dating a mormon girl where all the single What if the girl you like is dating someone else dating a mormon girl hang dating a mormon girl online. Mromon are the top dating sites hook up multiple amps people of Asian descent. Christian filipina dating online Services ph dating site Introductions daing Older People amp; Daring Christian Singles Are you a silver surfer, smoking dating app single or just looking to meet older single Christians in. How to Get Over datting Cheating Boyfriend. Being cheated on can free dating sites in ghaziabad you feel dating a mormon girl range of emotions, such as rejection, sadness, humiliation, and datjng anger. You may dating a mormon girl. Discover mromon innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device. If the new Sarawak Chief Daing had been genuinely interested in researching the legal rights of the state dating to this original agreement, dating a mormon girl the dating scene quotes would surely. (Back datung page of Answers to Questions) Gitl I have been searching for an explanation of why the New Testament was written in Greek instead of Hebrew. Evan, I have been dating my current boyfriend for almost a year now and things are good between us. Were exclusive, I dont doubt that he loves me and sees a. Feb 25, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The standard method of dating such rocks involves looking at the radioactive decay of uranium atoms to lead. But if … Grindr is a geosocial networking mobile app geared towards gay and bisexual men, designed to help them meet other men in their area. It runs on iOS and Android. Aaliyah Love And Scarlett Mae - Homemade Porn With Stepmom Scarlett and her new boyfriend, Jmac, love making their own homemade porn videos. They get a thrill from. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as.
Featured on CNN, NBC, amp; FOX News Youll thrive in the game of dating younger men if you can avoid the bad behavior of your fellow 40-plus felines. Black vegan dating site - Another way vegetarian dating dating a mormon girl vancouver - dating - he free 1st trial with the black singles dating sites will be prevented. Bagel bites. Internet Philippines.
Com About Philippines Pinoy forum and online news directory. Providing help dwting Filipinos here and abroad datinb Philippines. Sep 07, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Do You Caught Crossdressing. Join friendly people sharing 351 true stories in the I Caught Crossdressing group. Find forums, advice and chat with groups. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one dating a mormon girl the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid.
It is estimated that there iac makes moves in online dating about 30. A MILF is a Sexy Mature White rodgers thermostat hook up who wants to Hook Up for Sex. So if you are Seeking Local MILFs and want to Get into MILF Dating visit LocalMilf and Join Now Here is a list of the best anime dating games (otome games), that we found online.
The most popular of them all is a flirting game called My Candy Love. Feb 12, 1999nbsp;0183;32;Clinton was born William Jefferson Blythe III on August 19, 1946, in Hope, Arkansas. He was the only child of Virginia Cassidy Blythe (1923-94) and traveling salesman. Welcome to the new and improved Freebie Site UK. Browse all the latest UK freebies, free stuff, discount codes, competitions and special offers we have available for.
Russia Muslim Marriage, Matrimonial, Sporty speed dating, or Social Networking website To a 34 year old woman, 42 sounds OLD. To a 42-year-old man who wants his own biological children, anything above 36 is getting into momron territory, what. The Leading Herpes dating service for singles with herpes. Dating with Herpes is Anonymous. Find Love Now. Greg joined WYAY-Atlanta as program director in the fall of 2014.
Born in Plainfield, New Jersey, Greg did dating a mormon girl of his growing up in Ohio. Find out what the 10 best online selling sites of 2015 are. Don't limit yourself to eBay amp; Amazon when Etsy, Preloved, Rakuten and others can boost sales Im all about courting dating a mormon girl chivalry, but sometimes men just dont have best dating site in canada free game, and it gets a little old waiting for them.
We are strong independent women and. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro motmon site for African singles. Get Tips for Safe Online Dating. Learn how eHarmony Helps You Find Love, Meet Compatible Dating a mormon girl and Date Safely Online. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Nat ho dating elvin ng Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for online dating in the netherlands men, sugar mamma dating A comparison of the top best popular video dating sites online that really work, including webcam flirt websites reviews, advice and more Steve Huffman, the thirty-three-year-old co-founder and C.
of Reddit, nds dating sims english is dating a mormon girl at six glrl million dollars, was mormkn until November, 2015, when. How I banged 19 Pinay girls in under 2 weeks in the Philippines. The story and photos of these girls and how exactly I was able to hook up volgograd dating agency so many. Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more.
See world news photos mogmon videos at ABCNews. com OOPARTS (out of place artifacts) amp; ANCIENT HIGH TECHNOLOGY--Evidence of Noah's Flood. Free hookup sites are really bad. They have a lot of fake profiles, scammers and escorts. Learn to spot the fakes ones QUICKLY. Profiles of foreign women from Russia, Asia amp; Latin America, and other mail order brides. Single men and women interested in romance dating a mormon girl marriage. Jormon reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool.
Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Behind ISISs onslaught is a sprawling, robust financial juggernaut that operates safely outside of legitimate banking dating a mormon girl Free prepaid credit cards with no fees are an alternative to bank accounts and traditional credit cards.
Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Our Asian dating site is the 1 trusted dating source for singles across the United States. Register for free to start seeing your matches today. Fathers Watch In Horror As Their Spoiled White Daughters Are Pounded By Huge Black Cock. Are you a single over 50 and looking for an online dating site. Our reviews of the top 20 senior dating sites will help you to quotes about a best friend dating your ex the most effective one.
Artists shed light on their creative process by focusing on three stages in the development of one work of art.
In this Three Stages post, Stefan Lanfer explores his play An Education in Prudence, which will premiere in February (Feb 9-24), produced by Open Theatre Project at St. Johns Church in Jamaica Plain. In February 2015, I was named a Mass Cultural Council Artist Fellow for early work on my new play, An Education in Prudence. At that point, I had been working on it for … [Read more...]
In Three Stages, artists explore one work of art through three stages in its development. Composer and musician Lainey Schooltree has undergone a years-long journey to create her rock opera Heterotopia. Heterotopia will have a concert performance and book release for its illustrated libretto on Friday, September 29, 2017, at OBERON in Cambridge. Here, she traces its … [Read more...]
Moving image artist Sarah Bliss and sculptor Rosalyn Driscoll (Sculpture/Installation/New Genres Fellows '13) have just premiered their latest collaborative project, a four-channel, 30-minute, immersive sculptural video installation, Blindsight (6/11 – 7/19/15 at Boston Sculptors Gallery). Here, they retrace their journey through its maze. Inspiration Sarah Bliss: We … [Read more...]
Charlotte Meehan, Artistic Director of the interdisciplinary theatre group Sleeping Weazel, is about to premiere her play 27 Tips for Banishing the Blues (8/30-9/13, 8 PM, at Boston Playwrights' Theatre), the second in a trilogy of plays called The Problem with People. Here, she traces the sometimes nonlinear journey of creating that trilogy, through three stages in the … [Read more...]
In Three Stages, we ask Massachusetts artists to shed light on their art-making process by focusing on three stages in one work of art. Steven Barkhimer's play Windowmen is about to open at Boston Playwrights' Theatre, running October 31-November 24, 2013. Here, he traces the play's history, weaving through dramatic moments from his real life. Inception What writer … [Read more...]
Great Lakes is situated at the lower end of the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales. From Forster in the north, through Pacific Palms to Hawks Nest in the south and inland to Stroud, the Great Lakes is a region defined by water and is a nature lover’s paradise full of family friendly adventures, spectacular events and accommodation for every budget and need.
The Great Lakes TAFE Campus is an innovative and modern campus located at the Great Lakes Joint Education Campus in Tuncurry. Established in 2001, the campus shares the site and some facilities with a junior and senior college, allowing specialised training across a wide range of ages and skills. The campus offers courses in Design and the Visual Arts
Facilities include a multi media lab, a business model office, and the Gallery Corridor which hosts several art exhibitions every year. The campus has a range of student amenities including BBQ areas and a pizza oven attached to an Aboriginal Meeting Place.
TAFE NSW Northern Region offers a vast range of courses available online, on campus or on the job. There are 16 campuses located across the beautiful NSW North Coast. We have over 45,000 students enrol per year into nationally recognised courses and training. Our purpose is providing high quality, personalised vocational education and training to build prosperity, sustainability and innovation.
Online education is increasingly being offered for many courses to better provide for the varied needs and circumstances of people who wish to gain further education qualifications. Online education is…
A majority of the content that appears on this website has been submitted to us for publication. Arts Mid North Coast have made every effort to check the accuracy and integrity of all content prior to publication.
Description:1cat.info is a porn site that doesn't look like the others. We've collected for you the most unusual Skinny Girls pictures and placed them into albums (up to 16 images in each one) for your convenience and separated it all into a channels. Enjoy our scandal amateur galleries that looks incredibly dirty, let's see.
aimer: 1cat.info is a fully automatic adult search engine focused on free porn Images. We do not own, produce or host the Images displayed on this website. All of the Images displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked Images are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script.The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. 1cat.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. We take no responsibility for the phrases entered by surfers. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
TINGJIN, one of the best assembly kids scooter oem manufacturers and suppliers, now brings you high quality and competitive price assembly kids scooter oem from its professional factory. We also deal with customized business and wholesale business. Please feel free to import products with the best design with us.
It’s official! English Camp 2018 is almost here. This year we will have two camps lasting three days each. Both camps will be the same so you can only sign up for one. The cost is 80 soles and includes … Continue reading →
At some point, as soon as the disorder becomes excessive to keep the youngster as well as the household, residential treatment is required to tackle the concerns in a risk-free, thoughtful atmosphere.
BPD could be especially tough to deal with, although there are techniques to gain about your signs and live a better, much healthier life.
A male or woman need to show a minimum of five symptoms for an expert to think about a BPD medical diagnosis. You could develop a blunder AND ALSO still be an outstanding individual. An individual that has a depressive disorder, say, can have a manic episode a fiscal year later.
Our therapy centre is just 1 mile from the Pacific Ocean, enabling you to earn one of bipolar disorder therapy centers men the most of Southern California coastline pursuits and also all L.a bipolar disorder therapy center men uses. Rehabs as well as detoxification centres typically aren't where to go to give up taking a benzo.
Similar to the majority of mental disorders, there's no treatment. Because you're going to be in therapy 6 to 8 hrs each day, you'll be getting even more assistance compared to you would certainly in a traditional outpatient DBT program. There's extremely specialized treatment which could why not try these out ease the indicators. When it's household, day, or outpatient DBT therapy, make certain you choose the program that's optimal for you so you could earn an effective recuperation from your BPD signs and symptoms.
Most medical professionals aren't very well informed about the dangers of benzos or the withdrawal treatment and also signs. Every individual goes through a formal initial meeting to estimate their commitment to the therapy. After the patient desires a specialized treatment but such therapy is inaccessible in their home neighborhood. Clients with BPD that haven't been assisted in different settings frequently get from the integrated, extensive psychodynamic treatment and examination that Riggs gives.
real estate assignment apa format of writing research paper from sample resume writing format, image source: allstartoday.com
Dance Resume Examples choreographerdancer resume free sample from sample resume writing format, image source: campushousesiu.com
rough draft essay sample cover letter for applying job abroad from sample resume writing format, image source: deberti.com
cover letter google cover letter samples google resume cover from sample resume writing format, image source: colistia.com
advertising analyst resume litigation analyst resume home home from resume format for designer, image source: allstartoday.com
mock resume templates example executive ceo careerperfect from sample resume format for college students, image source: pinterest.com
Best and Affordable Flower Delivery Makati – Are you residing in Makati City? Looking for or you want to buy flowers in Makati hassle-free? Evys Flower Delivery Makati is the best option for you! Why? We have three reasons why : Affordable but not cheap, Fresh and elegant, FREE DELIVERY!
Oh, come on! Do you want more reasons? What about PROMOS and PACKAGES? Call us and you will surely get the cheapest price ever but no COMPROMISES in quality and freshness! Flower Delivery Makati by Evys will surely AMAZE YOU NOT ONLY SATISFY! Evys used to AMAZE its customers! Deal? Call us NOW!
Home of multinational and local corporations in the country, city of Makati has been considered as one of the successful cities in the country. Being known as the financial center of the Philippines, most of major businesses in the country are based in this city such as major banks, corporations, department stores, embassies, and even cultural and entertainment hubs.
As business men and tycoons prefer and choose to establish their businesses in the city, its population of 582,602 (as of 2015 census) continues to increase during working days and is estimated to be more than a million.
With over 62,000 business enterprises lying at the periphery of the city, in terms of income from local sources, Makati City is considered as the richest local government unit (LGU) in the country.
However, being the center of businesses, Makati City is facing one of the Philippine’s major problems – the large traffic volumes – blocking some main roads of the city. As each year passes, the issue with the heavy traffic continue to be the main problem of the highly urbanized city.
This issue causes the city’s labor force to be problematic during rush hours, and holidays, especially special occasions such as anniversaries and birthdays, which fall on weekdays.
It is supposed to be a perfect day, you and your wife’s anniversary, actually. After working hours, you are planned to have a dinner to celebrate your love for each other, however, since it is a Friday night, you are stuck in a heavy traffic. You will be able to be in your favorite restaurant on time but you will reach your destination without your wife’s favorite roses. How are you going to handle the situation?
Well, you have nothing to worry about because with today’s one-click delivery, the power is in your hands now!
Giving flowers, no matter if it is just one stem of rose or a bouquet, to your loved one is something special that cannot be denied as romantic. In the Philippines, offering flowers symbolizes respect, gratefulness, admiration, sympathy, and of course, love. It has been the country’s tradition that through flowers, together with a simple card, an individual can express their feelings to the receiver.
Going back to the situation, you are kilometers away from the meeting place and you are running out of time if you will decide to go in a flower shop first before going to the restaurant. Stuck in a heavy traffic, you want to ask everyone to send help! Do you know who is your going to call?
With your mobile data, just open your browser, ask uncle Google and type: Makati flower delivery. Ta-da! Welcome to flower delivery service!
With all of the thousand businesses in the city of Makati, of course, flower shops can be also found in the
city of central business district. And just like your favorite pizza parlor and online stores, flower shops are now also offering online delivery service to help those who are busy at work and do not have the time to drop by in their shops.
The first thing you must do is to look for flower shops in Makati. As you search for it, you will encounter a number of flower shops that offers deliveries in the city; of course, you must locate the nearest flower shops in your meeting place.
Next, choose the perfect flowers for your special someone that fits the special occasion. Click “add to cart” and proceed to checkout. Upon checking out, you will need to fill out some important forms to complete the service – your personal information and the receiver’s information – and PLEASE, DO NOT FORGET your message for that special someone.
Well, when it comes to the payment, you have nothing to worry about because just like any other online delivery services, it will be easy as one, two, and three.
Most of the flower shops that offer the delivery service also accept payment through card and cash on delivery. After selecting the mode of payment, you are now ready to place your order and on time, yoy will be able to meet your wife with her favorite flower on your hand!
City of Makati’s heavy traffic? No problem. Running out of time? No worries. With click here today’s fast-changing and fast-growing technologies, you can now surpass these major problems that may affect your special day. With just some clicks of our thumb, we can now give the best gift for our special someone assuring its quality while consuming lesser time and lesser money.
With this kind of service, you can still give your wife a memorable and romantic anniversary celebration that she will truly remember. Of course, having a remarkable day does not depend on what you have given, but it is the effort you have exerted to make the day unforgettable and special.
Smarting from his soaring popularity in latest SWS Survey, Digong proves that he is not just good in leading a nation away from the clutches of terrorist attack. He is equally uncompromising in terms of restoring peace, order and providing assistance in Leyte.
Not too long ago, he sternly warned Secretary of Health, Ubial, to fast track the processes in releasing funds for the embattled soldiers in war-torn Marawi City. This time around, his hands are full attending to the needs of the displaced residents of Leyte. Wherever and whenever he is needed, he'll gladly make his presence felt for the downtrodden and abused sector of society. The husband whose wife and children were massacred in Bulacan, he called on Digong for help and help he got. One suspect was arrested and two (2) persons of interest were eliminated for good by motorcycle-riding men. It was swift justice.
The magnitude with which the earthquake struck Leyte, being at 6.5 in richter scale, should not be considered as significant if we look at it in the context of the massive relief effort provided by various Non Government Organizations (NGO) and the government itself. In unity there is strength, so to speak.
Footer is widgetized. To setup the footer, drag the required Widgets in Appearance -> Widgets Tab in the First, Second, Third and Fourth Footer Widget Areas.
ColorWay is a unique responsive WordPress theme. The theme design is fabulous enough giving your visitors the absolute reason to stay on your site.
We would like to warmly invite all of our working life partners, alumni, graduates, master students and other interest groups to join our event! The conference is being held at TAMK main campus at Kuntokatu 3, in Juhlasali D1-04. This year’s Masters’ Conference focuses in Global Challenges and Leadership in a multicultural environment.
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'inner tube.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback ...
Tires & Tubes Tires & Tubes Desser Tire & Rubber Co., LLC carries every aircraft tire and tube line manufactured in the United States, including Goodyear, Michelin, Dunlop, Condor, Specialty Tires and our own brand, Aero Classic.
Bridgestone Americas Tube Business manufactures quality synthetic and natural rubber inner tubes for on and off the highway located in Russelville Arkansas.
Rubber inner tubes play a very important part in the automotive industry. As such, MALCORP has designated itself to provide only high quality inner tubes to customers by ensuring its products is able to withstand extreme heat, have more elasticity, heavy duty and exceed industry standards.
We decided to try some vulcanizing rubber that he uses to patch holes in tractor inner tubes, because that seemed like the best bet. It was also similar to the glue used in bicycle inner tube patch kits, so I figured most cyclists would have easy access to it.
The Tire Geek offers first line quality tires, tubes and accessories at low prices. Specializing on the hard to find and the one of a kind. You can count on us for prompt and courtious service with over 40 years in the tire business!
Aug 28, 2010· If the above does not work, you can take the remains of another inner tube that's busted and use it to patch up this one using rubber cement over the puncter area and using the rubber you cut from the old inner tube.
I stuffed the valve and the washer in the inner tube. I put some glue on the washer side in contact with the tube.
Extremely airtight! The Butyl rubber compound prevents pressure loss and fewer occassions to inflate. Extremely reliable! Quality control for safer cycling: Each tube is checked twice at the factory to ensure safer cycling.
Inner tubes are normally made of butyl rubber or Latex, they sit inside your tyre and are inflated with pump, they sometimes puncture but are easily replaced. Inner tubes are simple but essential unless youre riding with tubeless tyres, youll always need an inner tube. Carrying spares is ...
There are a myriad of complications to the humble inner tube. Cycling Weekly guides you through the intricacies of the inner tube.
These are new tire inner tubes that will fit 20X8.00-8 and 20X10.00-8 size tires. These tubes have the common TR13 straight stem that is made on the tube offset to one side.
Inner tubes are made from either synthetic butyl rubber or natural latex rubber. Latex is more flexible and thinner too, so if you want to reduce rolling resistance then latex is the way to go. According to Jarno Bierman at bicyclerollingresistance.com, youll save 4-5 Watts using latex tubes over butyl tubes.
Replacement tube for 10" outside diameter tire, also known as a 4.10/3.50-4" tire. Fix flats without having to buy a new tire! Made of strong 4-ply rubber to help keep your equipment rolling.
Buy Rubber Inner Tube Material at wholesale prices from leading Chinese wholesalers, enjoy online wholesale and become a wholesaler nowRubber Inner Tube Material is on sale, shop now before it's too late!
Have you ever needed something a little stronger than your run-of-the-mill rubber band? Do you have about 30 minutes and a punctured bicycle inner tube laying...
Pneumatic tires are manufactured in about 450 tire factories around the world. Tire production starts with bulk raw materials such as rubber (60% -70% synthetic), carbon black, and chemicals and produces numerous specialized components that are assembled and cured.
Patch Rubber Tyre & Tube. A note about this website: Please note that Patch Rubber Tyre & Tube is a wholesale distributor to our industry and as such we do not sell our products direct to any purchaser who does not hold an approved trade related credit account with our company.
Patch Rubber manufactures a complete line of tire & tube repair materials for any size injury, from pinhole repairs in tubes through section repairs in Giant/OTR tires.
44" Fully Enclosed Zipper Canvas Cover & Rubber Inner Tube. Accessories can be added by selecting the product option from the drop down. There is NO additional shipping costs for added features using this method.
Find Rubber Inner Tube manufacturers from China. Import quality Rubber Inner Tube supplied by experienced manufacturers at Global Sources.
Visit the Home Depot to buy Tire Science 4-13/16 in. x 4 in. Wheelbarrow Inner Tube with Sealant 490-328-0013
Extend the life of your tire and seal up leaks with our inner tube it will get you rolling again. This inner tube is designed to be a quality, long-lasting product.
inner tubes aren't normally something to get excited about. we decided to change that. We're not claiming to reinvent the inner tube with technology, but we are bringing a novel approach to a classically commoditized product that
Aug 28, 2010· This is the third time my bike inner tube broke and I was tired of buying new tubes,so I set out to find a way i could fix the tube
Inner tube definition is an inflatable usually ring-shaped rubber tube designed for use inside a pneumatic tire. an inflatable usually ring-shaped rubber tube designed for use inside a pneumatic tire
What you need is what we can do ! We will not only provide high-quality equipment, but also provide the most rational process flow, the best device configuration and the most considerate turnkey services for the clients.
After years of dutiful payments, you find yourself in the enviable position of having enough accumulated savings or discretionary income that you could aggressively pay down—or completely pay off—your mortgage. But should you? Are there better ways to ensure your financial security?
Paying down your mortgage faster—or paying it off in a lump sum—seems like a no-brainer. For most Americans, a mortgage represents both the highest monthly expense and the largest liability on a net-worth statement. Intuition tells us that debt is bad, and being out of debt is akin to increased financial security.
While it's true that you can save thousands of dollars in interest by paying off the loan early, the interest rates for fixed-rate mortgages are historically low, and your mortgage interest is tax deductible. Depending on your circumstances, there may be better ways to use that extra money to boost your short- and long-term financial security.
With that in mind, here are some questions to consider before you aggressively pay down—or pay off—your mortgage:
Do you have higher interest or nondeductible debt? If so, it makes sense to pay that off before paying down your mortgage. Credit card debt in particular should be a priority, as it has very high interest rates, and the interest is not tax-deductible the way mortgage interest is.
Are you already maximizing the employer match on your 401(k) and your annual contributions to IRAs? If not, you may want to prioritize this over paying down your mortgage. An employer match is essentially free money, and qualified retirement accounts grow tax deferred (or generally tax free for Roth IRAs). These are critical opportunities to boost your retirement savings, and because there are annual limits to how much you can contribute, money you don't invest now is a lost opportunity.
How is your emergency fund? It is generally recommended that you keep between three and six months of household expenses set aside for emergencies. You'll sleep better at night knowing you have liquid assets if you need them. If your emergency fund is light, it's probably wise to build it up before reducing your mortgage.
How is your health insurance coverage? Whether it's life, medical, disability, or long-term care, your financial security could be undermined if you're not properly insured. The type or amount of insurance that's right for you comes down to your comfort in managing risk, but addressing potential shortfalls in coverage might be a higher priority than paying down your mortgage.
Do you have children? If you have kids, putting extra money into a college savings plan now will allow you to maximize tax-deferred savings and growth. You could even be eligible for a state tax deduction for your contributions, depending on where you live and the plan you choose.
While paying down—or paying off—your mortgage early is a worthy goal, it is important to align it strategically with other goals and within the bigger picture of your long-term financial security. If you have questions, we are happy to assist you in planning for these important decisions.
This material has been provided for general informational purposes only and does not constitute either tax or legal advice. Although we go to great lengths to make sure our information is accurate and useful, we recommend you consult a tax preparer, professional tax advisor, or lawyer.
This communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the states of AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MT, NC, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside these states due to various state regulations and registration requirements regarding investment products and services. Investments are not FDIC- or NCUA-insured, are not guaranteed by a bank/financial institution, and are subject to risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. Securities offered through Commonwealth Financial Network®, Member FINRA/SIPC. Advisory services offered through Armstrong, Fleming & Moore, Inc. are separate and unrelated to Commonwealth.
Earlier today, the California Highway Patrol announced that a pedestrian had been struck and killed by a hit and run driver about 12:40 this morning. Now they have released information on the possible vehicle. They stated,
Through several investigative leads, Humboldt CHP has discovered that the vehicle involved is possibly a Dark Blue full sized pickup truck with damage to the undercarriage and wheel wells. We have determined that there may have been multiple occupants in the suspect vehicle. If anyone has any information that may help identify the person or persons responsible for this collision please contact the Humboldt CHP Office at (707)822-5981 during business hours or the Humboldt Communications Center at (707)268-2000 after business hours.
Hang ALL of the SOB’s high from a tree for running after killing a innocent person. This is nothing short of murder and they need to be held accountable. And I don’t need to hear that they got scared because they were possibly under the influence of drugs or alcohol (which no one forced them to take or drink). Murder is Murder.
I am really curious to see how this one pans out compared to the Marci Kitchen case. I bet they will be right on it with this one while Marci walks away with a slap on the hand. She needs to be hung.
Wow Kim I’m surprised that you allow threats on ur page but put them up even if it’s a accusation but I think you could b held accountable for that since its ur website that you post things on. And I thought you said you don’t post things like this hanging or encouragement of vialance, well you just did for people to do, but good one there and we all wish it could b like the old days. And trust me people get held accountable for less talk that’s here on this page cause an accusation could b held as a threat in court!!!
Are you talking about the ‘she should be hung’ comments? While I personally am against the death penalty, I don’t censor statements about it. There are a couple of states that still allow it..
Small Fry on [UPDATE 12:20 p.m.] Great White Shark Encountered Twice Yesterday in Waters off Humboldt County said: Sharks are terrifying and fascinating at
spankie on Camp Fire Now Deadliest in California (Maps, Photos) said: Sadly our environment is so contaminated
Obliviously on [UPDATE 12:20 p.m.] Great White Shark Encountered Twice Yesterday in Waters off Humboldt County said: We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007
This is a press release from the Eureka Police Department. The information has not been proven in a court of law and any individuals described should be presumed innocent until proven guilty:
On March 11, 2018, at about 8:00 a.m., the Eureka Police Department Communications Center began receiving calls regarding a male and female with stab wounds and a robbery that had occurred. Based on the investigation, it appears the incident occurred as follows.
36 year old Jessica Minasian and 42 year old Brian Bickerstaff confronted a male sleeping on the sidewalk on the 300 block of F Street. Minasian and Bickerstaff yelled at the man to leave and began assaulting him. Bickerstaff assaulted the male with blunt weapons. The male took out a knife, in an effort to stop the assault. The male ultimately stabbed Minasian and was able to flee. He was soon able to obtain police assistance. Minasian and Bickerstaff took items belonging to the male and also left the scene.
Minasian ran to Humboldt Bay Fire Station at the 500 block of C Street for medical assistance. She was transported to the hospital by ambulance with a significant but non-life threatening injury. Bickerstaff was located at the intersection of 4th and F Streets and had a small laceration on his chin.
Both Bickerstaff and Minasian were transported to the hospital for medical treatment. Due to the care required for Minasian’s injuries, she was cited and released to the hospital staff.
Bickerstaff was arrested for robbery and assault with a deadly weapon. Bickerstaff was transported and booked into the Humboldt County Correctional Facility. Bickerstaff is being held on $50,000 bail.
I have seen this thug harass elderly homeless a few times over the years. he’s an R street bridge troll. I assume he uses the pay for protection scheme.
Had friends staying at unnamed rv park by the bridge with kayaking behind the airstrip and believe this thing was driven off, loudly, after trying to steal a portable generator. Maybe, maybe not- but that thing had a machete and was trying to cut a chain, before learning not to bring knives to certain shows.
Eureka needs a wall, Escape From New York style, it’s lost and good people should begin evacuation to safer areas and hold tight.
Walls and armored bulldozers are needed to stop The Bum Insurgency, and try to salvage what can be saved.
she has no previous arrest record. she has lived in Eureka prior to being homeless. most likely an evicted addict like most. we have seen his mugshot on this site before. same crime, different outcome. maybe we should arm the homeless with guns? its tweakers like this that give tweakers a bad name.
I am the father of Jessica. Jessica is a meth addict, to state the obvious. She is a walking cautionary tale.
Jessica graduated with honor roll grades from a small arts high school in Berkeley. Her life was full of opportunity – she easily could have gone to a UC or a private liberal arts college, and I would have happily paid her way but, the day after she graduated, she demanded to go up to Eureka where her alcoholic druggie mother lived. I bought her a used Volvo, wished her well, and hoped she would take a few months and come back to “civilization.” She soon totalled the Volvo and, six months later she was addicted to meth and pregnant, and over the years has lost her three (or is it four?) children to adoption due to her addiction. Jessica has now been addicted to meth for 18 years. Her teeth are rotted out and she looks horrible.
You see that mug shot in the news article? Well, here’s the last of “healthy” Jessica at my sister’s wedding in 2000, in the company of a Nobel Peace Prize winning freedom fighter…
That’s what meth does. It takes lovely human beings by the soul and makes them rot from the inside out.
If she made honor-roll grades, why hadn’t she applied and been accepted to colleges in the months before she graduated? Then, at least, she would have had a plan to continue her education, maybe hook up with a friend, and be roommates at some school–didn’t she have any friends in school who were planning college? Weren’t they surprised she had no plans after graduation?
It’s a little hard to believe this sudden visit to her “alcoholic druggie mother” changed all her life plans. Something must have been brewing long before this…
It was not a sudden visit. Jessica spent her entire childhood dealing with her mother – a lot of trauma, a lot of sadness, a lot of shame. And a good deal of effort trying to help a parent who is self-destructive.
It’s a sad story and I’m sorry for your difficulties, your daughter’s difficulties. Maybe things will turn for the better–have hope!
Jessica isn’t a bad woman just addicted and emotionally detached from reality due to child loss. That guy is prob the one who plotted and carried out the crime. It’s not in her nature
And that would be the third child she has lost due to drugs… the other two never made it out of the hospital with her and were put up for adoption.
I was just going to say we beat that dude silly behind the Dinsmore store around Christmas time. I think it will go better for him in the city. He has been seen in Dinsmore and Ruth
And a sad reflection of our culture and community that he was homeless to the point of sleeping on the streets, and needed to protect himself from urban predators.
If the cops had rousted him for sleeping on the sidewalk, he would have been arrested for the knife….
I wonder if it was the guy who sleeps over in the Carson Block doorway. He doesn’t seem to cause much trouble.
a deadly weapon, possession of methamphetamine, unlawful possession of a concealed dirk or dagger (two fixed-blade knives were located in his pockets),
That was 11 months ago. How long in jail do you expect him to spend for being a pathetic dummy? Which at that point was the general nature of the charges.
Just a “pathetic dummy,” ?–Carrying around a concealed dirk/dagger, brandishing his deadly weapons, under the influence of meth… this is not just some poor loser. This guy’s a walking violent crime in the making. How long do i think he should be in jail? Depends on how good the probation program is. Maybe 11 months would be long enough, if we knew that when he came out he would have constant supervision, no access to meth or other deadly drugs, and no personal freedom to pick up and carry around hidden (or unhidden) weapons.
Without that, i’d say “forever” would be how long i’d keep him under lock and key. Someone who attacks poor homeless people in their sleep! Jayyyyyzus. No. This creep has no right to walk around among the innocent. No rights at all. Forfeited when he decided to take out his revenge for being born on other living beings.
He was not a pathetic dummy, but people who defend and enable a pos like this are! Why don’t you spend your energy rehabilitating him in YOUR home, and save us other taxpayers the bill for incarcerating him?? YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM! People like you are exactly why this shit will never change in Eureka.
Ernestine, what the fuck exactly are you doing to “move our economy back to sanity”? Besides defending armed felons. Seriously, clue us in. Inquiring minds want to know.
Omg the walking dead!! Higher Power needs to help us all but especially the addicted and violent . Soon! Cuz , Geez makes ya feel not safe.
This guy, and many others, continue to commit crimes time and time again, and our supervisors and city council are scratching their heads wondering how to clean up Eureka and attract tourism. Un friggin’ believable!
Seriously? Do you think he has some mystical message? It means he is a person who makes very bad choices.
Pffft. He’ll be out by tomorrow. He seems to have more authority in this town than any law enforcememt or public official. He’s an extortionist, a con-man, and a bully It’s pathetic really; he basically collects “protection” money so “bad things” don’t happen to those around him; and yet he IS the bad thing. It’s only a matter of time before he murders someone, but even then EPD and Eureka City Council will probably still be kissing his ass.
Arrow Season 7 Episode 5 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 20 DC's Legends of Tomorrow Season 4 Episode 4 Murdoch Mysteries Season 12 Episode 8 The Voice Season 15 Episode 15 The Neighborhood Season 1 Episode 7 Manifest Season 1 Episode 7 Long Island Medium Season 13 Episode 6 Naked News Season 2018 Episode 270 Happy Together (2018) Season 1 Episode 7 The Bold and the Beautiful Season 32 Episode 40 The Real Housewives of Cheshire Season 8 Episode 10 Magnum P.I. (2018) Season 1 Episode 8 Bull (2016) Season 3 Episode 8 People Just Do Nothing Season 5 Episode 5
These concepts span data activities and it’s important that your team understand each other and where they, their tools and approaches need to support these features.
We’ll look at the generic and proprietary terms for these concepts, as well as where they fit in the database design process. We’ll also look at implementation options in SQL Server and other DBMSs.
Mar 15, 2016 // by Karen Lopez // Blog, Data Modeling, Database, Database Design, DLBlog, Speaking, SQL Server // No Comments
We’ll be chatting about all these questions and more on Thursday, 17 March at the Microsoft venue in Irving, Texas starting at 6PM.
Attendance is free, but you need to register at http://northtexas.sqlpass.org/ to help organizers plan for the event.
Don’t worry if you don’t know about SQL Server or don’t use it: this presentation will focus on some SQL Server specific features, but the discussion is completely portable to other DBMSs.
So many of us have learned database design approaches from working with one database or data technology. We may have used only one data modeling or development tool. That means our vocabularies around identifiers and keys tend to be product specific. Do you know the difference between a unique index and a unique key? What about the difference between RI, FK and AK? These concepts span data activities and it’s important that your team understand each other and where they, their tools and approaches need to support these features. We’ll look at the generic and proprietary terms for these concepts, as well as where they fit in the database design process. We’ll also look at implementation options in SQL Server and other DBMSs.
Tom LaRock (@sqlrockstar) posted today about clustered indexes on uniqueidentifiers. He has a great image there, which got me thinking about making my own….
Feb 16, 2012 // by Karen Lopez // Blog, Data, Data Modeling, Database, DLBlog, SQL Server // 5 Comments
I’ve highlighted the syntax that applies the IDENTITY to a column. SQL Server will know which column has the identity property (and you can only have one of these columns in the same table). Notice that there are only three options for an IDENTITY.
Notice that there is no TABLE or COLUMN referenced in that TSQL. You are just creating a SEQUENCE. SQL Server will have no idea what you are going to use it for or where it will be used. In fact, you could create a SEQUENCE and never use it. Notice there are several more options for a SEQUENCE.
SEQUENCEs are separate objects in a database and can be used to populate more than one column even across several tables. Because they aren’t bound to a table in any way, they can be used in ways that IDENTITY columns can’t be used. For instance:
One SEQUENCE can be used across more than one table. For instance, a Control Number or Document Number on several tables. I’ve seen this used in other DBMSs to generate document numbers across subtypes, say Purchase Orders, Shipping Notices, Return to Vendor Numbers, etc. There’s a requirement that they be unique across all types of documents. This could not be done with IDENTITY.
Using a SEQUENCE allows tables to have more than one auto-generated number in multiple columns. Think of Order Number and Cancellation Number, both on the Order table. You can’t do that with IDENTITY.
Since sequences are generated completely outside a table, you can chose to store the resulting value in a different format, say VARCHAR or CHAR. Or, heaven forbid, you might want to append data to it or do other kinds of evil to it before storing it.
Since sequences are generated completely outside a table, you can store the results in a NULLable column.
I think the confusion sets in because we tend to think of auto-generated number as useful only as surrogate keys. But we have real data needs for generating numbers other than just row identifiers, even if that’s the primary use for this. In fact, one could have a table with a PK that uses IDENTITY and an unlimited number of columns that use a SEQUENCE to set their values. Of course, SEQUENCEs can be used for surrogate primary keys, too. The existence of SEQUENCEs gives us another option over IDENTITY.
So SEQUENCE is a feature that just generates numbers based on some characteristics. A designer has many ways to use the number once it is generated and tables are not dependent on that method to get that number, nor do they even “know” about how that value was provided.
This separation of the COLUMN from how the data is populated is a feature of using SEQUENCEs. How one uses this separation depends on the technical and business requirements for the data.
This post is based on a post I previously blogged on 30 May 2008…but like most design approaches, it still holds true.
Everything is a trade off. You need to be able to explain, in both business and technical terms, the cost, benefits, and risks associated with every design decision.
If you can’t do that, then you aren’t doing design: you are copying design patterns from other designs and hoping for the best outcome, even if your current design has different requirements and risk tolerances.
I am often told that a database design must have surrogate keys on every table and that “right” way to implement surrogate keys is to use the Identity property in SQL Server (or the RowID in Oracle, or the Identity property in DB2). These sorts of features of modern DBMSs do vary from vendor to vendor, so the cost, benefit, and risk associated with each varies by version and by vendor. Most IT pros I speak with don’t realize that.
Many people I speak with assume, incorrectly, that Identity Property = Surrogate Key = Primary Key= Unique Index but this is not true. It is important for database designers to understand the differences between these concepts.
Nigel Rivett has written a great article over at Simple-talk.com about SQL Server’s identity property and some of the interesting “features” of this incrementing function:
Note: An identity column is not guaranteed to be unique nor consecutive. You should always place a unique index on an identity column if your system requires uniqueness.
I’m guessing that 6+ out of 10 of experienced SQL Server designers and developers are not clear on these two gotchas. Other DBMSs have technical issues as well. When I’m questioned on why I don’t just slap on an identity property, call it a PK an move on to the next change request, I usually start asking questions:
Will the application need to assume that the values are always sequential? What if the sequence is missing a few steps? Will that break the code?
Will the Identity column value be displayed anywhere outside the database, such as on a report or on a screen?
What are our plans for dealing with rows that exceed the maximum number of identity values (in some versions of DB2, identity values maxed out at 32k or so)?
Identity properties can be useful, but as in every design decision, there are uses that are appropriate and uses that are not — it all comes down to cost, benefit, and risk.
Use the link below to receive posts via e-mail. Unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe to www.datamodel.com by Email
Categories Select Category Awesome Azure Blog Breaking News Cosmos DB Data Analytics Cloud Compliance and Regulation Data Breach Data Governance Data Modeling Data Orchestration Data Privacy Data Protection Data Sharing Integration Data Stewardship Data Virtualization Data Visualization Database Database Design NoSQL Open Data WTF DLBlog Ethics Events Fun Gadgets Surface Need Your Help News Parody Professional Development Careers Generations Interviewing Reviews Social Networking Speaking Training Project Management Snark Space SQL Server Travel Uncategorized WIT
You are here: Home > Data Education > BI / Data Science News, Articles, & Education > BI / Data Science News > Current Article
The release goes on, “Respondents overwhelmingly agree that data not only helps them do their job better (97 percent) but enhances their credibility (87 percent). 74% agree their company would value them more if they improved their data literacy level. 82% said they would be willing to invest more time and energy into improving their data literacy skills. 93% of people that are reported as data literate say they are performing very well at work. Junior-level employees in the U.S. are among those least confident in completing data-oriented tasks, with only 21 percent classifying themselves as data literate. Middle managers (28 percent) in the U.S. are less likely to be data literate in comparison to C-suite executives (38 percent), despite using data more times per week in their positions.”
Filed Under: BI / Data Science News, BI / Data Science News, Articles, & Education, Data Daily | Data News, Data Education, Education Resources For Use & Management of Data, Enterprise Information Management, Information Management News
Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles. Start Dating Now... Stay Online - Online FM - SMS - Online Games - Dating Advice - Find Friends
The moral philosopher Cornel West (shaking hands with Obama), recently said if Barack Obama’s ascent to power was a morality play, he would be the voice of conscience. Rahm Emanuel, a cynical product of the Chicago political machine, would be Satan. Emanuel in the first scene of the play would dangle power, privilege, fame and money before Obama. West would warn Obama that the quality of a life is defined by its moral commitment, that his legacy will be determined by his willingness to defy the cruel assault by the corporate state and the financial elite against the poor and working men and women, and that justice must never be sacrificed on the altar of power. (click here for more on this Opinion piece by Chris Hedges)
David Arcus is a film composer based in Toronto Canada. He likes to write for orchestra, and guitar, and weird 80s synthesizers. Sometimes he'll just make bizarre sounds and build a score out of that. He likes the sound of analog tape even though it's expensive and impractical. He is also a producer. A little while back he was nominated for a Juno award for the album Flores, Tambores e Amores by Aline Morales, which he co-wrote and produced.
Proud to announce the release of the soundtrack for Knuckleball, a horror/thriller film I scored with Michelle Osis. This is truly one of the strangest and darkest scores I’ve worked on, and one of the most fun to write. We built most of the sounds from scratch by hitting, scraping and bowing a variety of metallic objects. To that we added live trombones, modular synths and a custom string instrument we built ourselves.
Consume (with Michelle Osis, 2017) short film, official selection Calgary International Film Festival
Great Great Great (2016) feature film, winner of Best Feature, Best Performance in a Feature, Best Screenplay, Canadian Film Fest
The Sisters Tolchinski (2016) short documentary, official selection Rhode Island International Film Festival
Area Any East Vail Booth Creek Vail Golf Course Vail Village Lionshead Spraddle Creek Potato Patch Sandstone The Valley Cascade Village Highland Meadows West Vail North West Vail South Minturn Red Cliff Eaglevail Avon Mountain Star Wildridge Beaver Creek Bachelor Gulch Arrowhead Edwards Singletree Homestead Lake Creek Colorow Squaw Creek Cordillera - All Areas Cordillera Valley Club Cordillera - The Divide Cordillera - The Ranch Cordillera - The Summit Red Canyon/Timber Springs Wolcott & Bellyache Ridge Red Sky Ranch Eagle Eagle Ranch Brush Creek Gypsum Cotton Ranch and Chatfield Corners Gypsum Valley/Brightwater Dotsero Nw Eagle County Out Of County Other
Slifer Smith & Frampton has been fortunate to call Summit County home for over 12 years and over 50 years in Colorado. We look forward to helping you find your place in this special community. Click here for a printable community comparison snapshot.
This stock photo of California, San Francisco Bay, Golden Gate Bridge in the fog, Alamy Images number AE0T93, is available for licensing through Alamy Images for commercial and editorial uses including websites, books, magazines, brochures and advertising. Restrictions may apply for images which contain third party copyrighted material or sensitive subjects. Photos of artwork are for editorial use only.
This stock photograph id 5-740-72 of California, San Francisco Bay is © David Sanger Photography. All RIghts Reserved
above, America, American, angle, bay, Bay Area, beauty, blowing, blustery, breeze, bridge, California, climate, cloudy, crossing, dawn, diagonal, easy, evocative, fog, GGNRA, Golden Gate, Golden Gate Bridge, height, landmark, landscape, look out, lookout, Marin, Marin Headlands, mist, moody, national park, nature, nobody, NPS, observer, orange, overlook, park, plain, San Francisco, San Francisco Bay, scenic, SF Bay, simple, simplicity, single, slant, span, sun, sunlight, sunrise, sunset, tower, transport, travel, tree, twilight, uncomplicated, US, USA, view, vista, weather, West, horizontal,
We have choosen many pictures and posted them, particularly for you, the cool landscaping wallpapers lovers. Outdoor Garden Swing picture that you see right now is the best picture from the others with the same brand and type. Our aim to post this picture is to inform you the latest images collection.
Get Outdoor Garden Swing pictures and make this wallpaper for your desktop, tablet, or smartphone device. For best results, you can choose full size to be easily customized to your screen.
To set this picture as wallpaper background on your desktop, click on the DOWNLOAD button to save this images on your desktop computer. Right click on the picture you have saved and select the option "Save image as" or "Set As Background".
Finally, thank you for visiting us on New landscapings HD (davidwardlephotography.com). we try to give you the upadates of latest landscaping pictures. If the wallpapers useful for you, please share this picture by your social media.
This Outdoor Garden Swing is provided only for personal use as wallpaper on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.
Full size pictures about Outdoor Patio Swings with Canopy image come from media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com
The Conservation District will supply poster board. Please call Connie at 270-685-1707 ext. 3 or email at connie.mills@ky.nacdnet.net to get them delivered to your school.
Each year the Kentucky Association of Conservation Districts awards three different scholarships in the amount of $1000.00. These state-wide scholarships are provided by the KACD Auxiliary. The scholarships are due to the District office by March 1st.
The Natural Resources Scholarship is awarded to any any student enrolled in college who has declared a major in the field of agriculture or conservation of natural resources.
The George Crafton Memorial Scholarship is awarded to any high school senior who is enrolled to attend college and intends to major in field of agriculture or related field.
The Betty Barrick Non-Traditional Student Scholarship is awarded to any student that is at least 25 years old and pursuing an undergraduate degree in agriculture or a related natural resource field.
If you've snooped around, you'll know that i'm originally from Minnesota. I grew up there, lived there til i was 22. After moving, i've grown even more appreciative of how beautiful it is. (in my opinion though, the snowy winter is not so tempting and i'm thankful to be away from that aspect.) I was searching through some photos from last September when i visited. I went up to one of my favorite spots in Red Wing. Thought of these pictures after a friend of mine, Danielle mentioned this place again to me. (i actually photographed her engagement photos!.. check them out here.) This spot is about 15 minutes from where i grew up, and is always a favorite place for a little adventure.
The Mississippi River, cross the bridge and you're in Wisconsin, and such a gorgeous view. What i love about this place is you can see the most of the city, and yet, you turn around walk and this is another view you'll get shortly.
It's always such a good adventure spot when i'm with Rachelle. If you haven't followed my posts long, you might have missed that Rachelle and her boyfriend recently visited me here in las vegas! what a great time to see her again! Rachelle let me photograph her and michael too! If you want to see those, click here! Super cute.
I constantly talk about Minnesota, and wanted to show just a glimpse into one of my favorite places. When i get to go back, i'll make sure to get photos of my other favorite places!
Not only is this a great place just for fun, but a beautiful area for photos, I've seen a few friends get some wedding photos up here too, so always consider a beautiful place like this!
Anyone have any guesses to another place i love to go? I'm thinking eventually i should have a giveaway, but one a little more fair... not based on my fave places.. so be ready for that! If there is a fun prize, does someone have one they'd like to see given away!?
The Tony Awards Show is an annual awards show recognizing the excellence achieved in live Broadway theater. Winners of the award receive a Tony Award, which is short for The Antoinetter Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre. The award is named after the co-founder of the American Theatre Wing, Antoinette Perry. Antoinette co-founded the award with Brock Pemberton.
The American Theatre Wing and The Broadway League host the awards show every year in New York City, New York. The awards are handed out for excellence in both Broadway productions and performances. The awards show also includes a couple discretionary non-competitive awards such as the Special Tony Award, the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre award, and the Isabelle Steveneson Award.
The first Tony Awards Show was held in 1947 and included 11 award categories. Currently there are 26 award categories that are part of either Performance Categories (actors/actresses) or Show & Technical Categories.
Sitemap Holidays By Country Holidays By Religion Other Events Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Sitemap
From Hamilton, Ontario, this 1920’s Ragtime trio, The Vaudevillian, bring you the drinking & dancing tunes from the prohibition period. Fortunately PROHIBITION IS OVER! With washboard, upright bass, resonator guitar, kazoos, car horns and a marionette bass- make sure you shine your shoes and get ready to do the Skoodle um Skoo!!
Ingredients: Demineralised water, Vegetable derived emulsifying wax, Beeswax, Cocoa butter, Stearic acid, (veg Derived), Sweet Almond Oil, Grapefruit Seed Extract, Veg colour & Fragrance oil inspired by Chanel No.5
I will use propanol and sodium hydroxide in the experiments. I tried tests, but did not. Can you give me information about the rates?
I made biodiesel using 99%+ anhydrous 2-propanol also named isopropanol. A problem is that the triester with glycerol backbone bonded to three fatty acid molecules will not react in the regular transesterification where base (caustic, sodium hydroxide, potassium hydroxide) + alcohol + heat + vegetable oil to yield the isopropyl biodiesel, but the normal reaction does not work, probably due to steric hinderance where the alcohol functional group is closely surrounded by two methyl groups adjacent to the carbon bonded to the oxygen atom and hydrogen atom. I made the 2-propanol , isopropyl biodiesel using anhydrous (dry, without water) isopropanol plus a catalytic amount (small amount) of 98% concentrated sulfuric acid plus the free fatty acid plus heat to yield isopropyl biodiesel. The difference in making isopropyl biodiesel is different properties like viscosity , vapor pressure, freezing point et cetera. Purifying the product biodiesel using magnesium silicate probably is a good method of removing impurities after doing the Fischer Esterification where alcohol plus a weak organic carboxylic acid (like vinegar , acetic acid) plus a small amount of a strong mineral type inorganic acid (sulfuric acid) yields the ester (biodiesel) plus water that is produced in the reaction plus residual strong acid in the liquid material . It is necessary to use isopropyl alcohol with very little water in it, for the Fischer Esterification to work. I think it's Utah Biodiesel that can supply 99%+ anhydrous (without water) isoproply alcohol at a reasonable price for research chemistry studies in synthetic fuels (biodiesel).
"The classic synthesis is the Fischer esterification, which involves treating a carboxylic acid with an alcohol in the presence of a dehydrating agent:
I did a mathematics calculation. The quantitative amount of isopropanol required to react 100% with stearic acid (18 carbon atom chain), the most common fatty acid, is for 1000 grams of free fatty acid requires about 268.6857505 milliliters of anhydrous isopropanol at 20 degrees centigrade. But for the Fisher Esterification an excess of alcohol, the less expensive chemical , needs to be used in the reaction to get a more compleat reaction. I said twenty degrees centigrade because at different temperatures the volume changes a bit for the alcohol.
A catalytic quantity means any amount will work. 5 milliliters of concentrated sulfuric acid would be fine for 1 kilogram of free fatty acid plus the anhydrous alcohol. A small problem is concentrated sulfuric acid reacts with the double bonds in fatty acids, but the brown product can be removed using magnesium silicate.
The article on fischer esterification refers to sequestering the produced water to push the reaction over to the right hand side, so there would need to be enough to keep things "dry", no?
Water is a product of the Fischer Esterification. Adding water pushes the reaction to the left, starting materials are on the left side of the reaction equation. Ideally removing the water product as it's produced would be best. The fatty acid plus anhydrous alcohol (without water) plus concentrated sulfuric acid yields the ester plus water. Note there is no water in the starting materials. The dryer the better to cause the reaction to go farthest to the right (right side of the reaction equation is the products side).
Biodiesel made using isopropyl alcohol or 1-propyl alcohol has different properties. Freezing temperature, flow, viscosity, boiling point, vapor pressure, and other differences.
Apna Lounge is not responsible for any ADs on ApnaLounge.com. Ads are place by the individuals, ApnaLounge does not verify any ads, it is your own responsibility to verify the authenticity of AD before you buy anything or deal with them, specially when there is money involved. Never send cash to anyone. Beware of Scammer. If you find any scam or illegal activity, pleas inform the law enforcement authorities right away. Apna Lounge is not responsible in any shape or form
Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /var/sites/g/guncleaning.co.uk/public_html/includes/content/viewCat.inc.php on line 30
Mahogany cased Rifle cleaning set including oil, patches, duster, brushes and a Rosewood and brass 3 part rifle rod with…
Mahogany cased Shotgun cleaning set including 125ml can of oil, dispenser of 35 herringbone patches, dust…
Luxury Field Drinks Cabinet Size 650W x 360H x 260D mm This Hand crafted fully lined Hardwood cabinet is ideal for outd…
Sterling silver guilted shotgun cartridge cufflinks in an attractive hard green & guilt covered case. A perfect gift…
A Nickel Striker box is just what it says. In days gone by a firing pin was addressed as a 'Striker' and because…
Union of Solar Energy and Free Nations (太陽エネルギーと自由国家連合軍, Taiyou Enerugī To Jiyuu Kokka Rengougun), alternately known as the World Economic Union (世界経済連合, Sekaikeizai Rengou) or abbreviated as the Union (ユニオン, Yunion), is one of the three major world powers in the anime, Mobile Suit Gundam 00. Its member states includes the Organization of American States, Australasia, and Japan. It controls the first completed orbital elevator, which is located near the border of present day Brazil and Colombia in South America.
The Scrapbook is an application programme commonly found on Macs running the Classic Mac OS. Before System 7, it was a desk accessory.
The Scrapbook would allow users to keep a set of items that they commonly wanted (for example, an address or company logo) so it would be easily accessible to copy into other applications or files.
Get the Lowest Prices anywhere on Macs, iPads and Apple Watches: Apple Price Guides updated November 14th
A slew of mobile and desktop CPUs from Intel's forthcoming Ivy Bridge lineup are set to launch on April 29, potentially signaling when Apple could refresh some of its Mac lineup.
The new Ivy Bridge chips are due to be announced the fourth week of April, according to CPU World. The news comes as Apple's slimmer 13- and 15-inch MacBook Pros are said to be in production ahead of an anticipated launch.
It was said that the new quad-core-only Ivy Bridge processors will officially be announced between April 22 and April 28, and will officially go on sale April 29.
The debut of the chips will reportedly be preceded by Intel's announcement of new Z77, Z75, H77 and B75 chipsets. Review embargoes on the boards are also expected to lift on that day.
In the high-end quad-core Core i7 range, the 3720QM, 3820QM and 3920XM mobile processors each with Intel's HD 4000 integrated graphic. They will be clocked at 2.6GHz, 2.7GHz and 2.8GHz standard and will cost $378, $568 and $1,096, respectively.
All three quad-core Core i7 laptop chips will be quad-core processors with 8 threads. The two higher-end chips will feature 8 megabytes of L3 cache while the Core i7-3720QM will have 6 megabytes. The Core i7-3720QM and Core i7-3820QM will have 45 Watt TDP, while the more powerful Core i7-3920XM will run at 55 Watt TDP.
Both the 3820QM and 3720QM chips were previously rumored to make their way into Apple's MacBook Pro lineup. AppleInsider revealed in February that Apple plans to radically redesign its MacBook Pro lineup this year with thinner and lighter designs modeled after the highly successful MacBook Air.
The three Core i7 quad-core mobile processors will be joined on April 29 by a total of 9 desktop processors in the Core i5 and Core i7 range, with all but one sporting base clock speeds over 3GHz, according to the report.
The list of processors also includes mobile dual-core chips in the Core i5 and Core i7 range, with a total of eight dual-core mobile CPUs ranging from 1.8GHz to 2.9GHz. They are expected to debut later, on June 3, and could be suitable for a new MacBook Air refresh.
On the low-end Core i3 line, there is one mobile CPU, the 3217U with two cores and a frequency of 1.8GHz, but it is not expected to arrive until the third quarter of 2012.
Mac-bound Ivy Bridge CPUs were originally expected to launch on April 8, but the launch was said to have been delayed. One rumor from earlier this month suggested Apple plans to launch a thinner 15-inch MacBook Pro in April featuring Core i5 and Core i7 Ivy Bridge CPUs.
SAVE $150.00 - $25-$150 off every new 2018 13" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar with free shipping & no tax outside NY & NJ
US senators ask FTC to tackle rampant advertising in kids' apps for iPhone & other platfor ~17 hours ago
Exclusive: New trailer for the documentary film about Apple's 'General Magic' spin-off ~4 months ago
Related Posts of "Lending Club And Prosper Cross $2 Billion In Total Loans Lend Academy inside prosper vs lending club"
At home and abroad "baklava" the first brand that comes to mind with the mention of Baklavaci Gulluoglu, Turkey is a deep-rooted oak flavor. The adven...
Keller Williams Realty, Inc. is a real estate franchise company. Each Keller Williams office is independently owned and operated. Keller Williams Realty, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports the Fair Housing Act.
ASH WEDNESDAY, March 1st marks the beginning of the Lenten season in preparation for the Solemnity of the Resurrection of the Lord. Mass in English will be celebrated in Saint Barbara’s Chapel at 06:00pm/18:00 with distribution of ashes. After Mass if possible to receive the sacrament of Reconciliation
For those who cannot come this day ashes will be distributed next Sunday. Remember that Ash Wednesday is a strict day of fast in which one full meat-less meal is allowed.
Increasingly, homeowners looking for an inexpensive way to make their home more livable and increase curb appeal with an eye toward resale are embracing the nationwide trend of creating outdoor living spaces.
These areas usually feature spaces for entertaining friends and family while grilling, dining, eating and relaxing. That often means room for a patio, a grill, a sink or a fireplace. Some think of it as adding a family room without the roof. At times you would need to consider long term pest control to ensure insects don’t damage your property.
For many, the building technique of choice when creating these spaces calls for using segmental concrete paving. This technique employs interlocking units-called concrete pavers-that are strong, durable and are growing in popularity worldwide. In Germany, for instance, there are 15 square feet of pavers installed per person annually. In the Netherlands, most of the streets and sidewalks are made of pavers.
Often used in walkways, patios, plazas and historic restoration projects, pavers are manufactured in a variety of shapes, textures and colors and can be easily removed and reinstalled.
One kind of home-improvement project where pavers are increasingly being used is a raised patio. These patios are known for their durability and can create a new sense of space in a yard, particularly when extended to meet an existing deck. Such spaces can be used as an outdoor entertainment area, complete with hot tub or barbeque pit.
• Their uniform size and quality allow them to fit tightly together for a strong, interlocking surface.
• Paver joints allow for a small amount of movement without cracking. That means they won’t crack like asphalt or poured-in-place concrete.
One of the newest styles offers the high-end look of stone for a more modest price. Called “tumbled” or “antiqued” pavers, they can be used to add a stately look to a walkway, patio or driveway.
Thursday 19 May 2011 By Cynthia Dreyer, Madibeng Pulse editor. It’s a bad situation when police and Plotwatch members have to first unblock the roads before they can respond to incidents. This is what happened early on Saturday morning when a call was received from a plot dweller on the northern side of van der Hoff Road.
Chairman of the Hartbeespoort Community Policing Forum A woman was terrified when stones came crashing through her window at around 02:00 on Saturday morning and called for help from Plotwatch. Through the window she could see how robbers were attempting to break into her car to take the car radio out. It was discovered that a radio, bedding and a computer had been taken from the adjoining house and members of Plotwatch went searching in the bushes for the intruders. They found a crowbar, panga and long knife next to the woman’s car radio and a purselying in the bushes. Fifteen minutes later shots were hear d from a neighbouring plot which had also been burgled but when Plotwatch members tried to investigate, they were pelted with stones and found the road which is an access road from van der Hoff road, blocked with rocks! Mr Brian Smythe from Plotwatch told Madibeng Pulse they helped police who were responding to a call from a victim who had been hit over the head to unblock the road so that they could investigate the case. Mr Romano van der Spuy, Chairman of the Hartbeespoort Community Policing Forum says that blocking off a road is a regular ploy by criminals to hinder police and security companies from accessing crime scenes.A store room in Rietfontein was broken into on the same night after the fence was cut. It’s not known what was stolen.
Three armed suspects broke the window of a Rietfontein house on Thursday at 22:30 to gain entry where the residents were asleep. They went through to the bedroom where they threatened to shoot the occupants if they didn’t hand over money and weapons. The victims didn’t have anything to hand over, so the thieves left with a cell phone and R10 in cash but made up for their poor takings by dismantling the door and burglar bars on two windows.
The residents at another Rietfontein plot had their house ransacked on Friday night while they were out. But not only was the house cleaned out, but they also had items stolen from their vehicle, according to Romano van der Spuy Chair of the Hartbeespoort CPF.
All models on this website are no nude and 100% legal. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
I recently completed an assignment for Parents.com, the website for Parents Magazine. They asked me to make a collection of toddler friendly Christmas ornaments for them. You can see the completed pieces here — 6 Toddler-Friendly Christmas Ornaments to Make. Thank you Parents, always a pleasure working with Meredith Corporation. 🙂
"I've had the pleasure of hiring Amanda for freelance kids' craft projects for nearly four years. She is one of the most imaginative folks around. When I assign a piece out to her I know to expect high-quality work done in a timely manner. She is the MacGyver of crafters -- give her only a few things to work with, and she can build something incredible."
Archives Select Month March 2017 January 2017 March 2016 November 2015 October 2015 July 2015 February 2015 January 2015 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 May 2009
Get recipes and craft ideas absolutely free from Amanda’s blogs, Amanda’s Cookin’ and Crafts by Amanda, as well as features from Fun Family Crafts. All in one convenient newsletter sent to your email inbox twice monthly!
Our friendly and knowledgable sales staff is available Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm to guide you to the ideal solution for your audio, visual and lighting needs. Fill out the form below and we'll get right back to you!
Anywhere You Need Advanced Live Sound Support The surprisingly small size and lightweight of the LS9-16 make it a perfect choice for applications that require maximum portability and handling ease. Use it for events or temporary live sound setups, and benefit from the power and performance of much larger and more complex systems in an eminently portable package that can be set up and operated anywhere with ease.
High Input Capacity and a Generous Bus Structure for Serious Live Sound With 32 input head amps the LS9-32 can comfortably handle the complex and varied source requirements presented by a wide range of live sound applications, but it's always reassuring to know that you can expand it up to 64 channels by just adding external preamps and Mini-YGDAI interface cards for those extra demanding line-ups. Whether used in an installation or on the road, the LS9-32 will deliver the performance and versatility of large-scale systems in dramatically less space, with less hassle, and significantly lower overall cost.
16 or 32 top-performance recallable head amplifiers deliver microphone and line sources with extraordinary presence and realism.
An additional 16 or 32 channels of processing power ready to receive audio via the Mini-YGDAI expansion slots, providing a total of 32 or 64 channels!
An extensive range of channel functions accessible via Yamaha's acclaimed Selected Channel interface.
Versatile bus architecture with comprehensive digital patching capability: 16 mix buses, 8 matrix buses, and a stereo and mono bus that can be used in LCR mode.
Virtual GEQ and effect rack offers easy access to built-in graphic equalization and effects that would fill a full-size rack or two if similar analog gear were used.
Built-in USB Memory Recorder/Player eliminates the need for an external device for simple off-board recording, and can supply background music and sound effects as required.
Digital mixing and processing for live sound has come of age, and there's no turning back. Throughout the audio industry the most demanding sound engineers and audio company professionals are turning to digital mixing as a way of enhancing quality, efficiency and commercial advantage. If you're planning to upgrade a small or medium-scale analog system, there are plenty of great reasons to go digital. The Yamaha LS9-16 and LS9-32 are two very good reasons indeed. They offer the most up-to-date and mature digital mixing capabilities in their class, with an interface that makes operation easy even for the inveterate analog user. They do it in consoles that are remarkably compact and lightweight, even the LS9-32 can be tucked under an arm and moved around quite comfortably. Just try doing that with a 32 channel analog console and the racks of outboard gear that would be required to equal the functionality of these digital mixers. Both LS9-16 and LS9-32 can grow with your needs too; they have a second layer of channel processing power that lets you control up to another 16 or 32 channels of audio inputs from digital sources and/or analog sources with no compromises on features or quality. And then there's the sound. From the acclaimed PM1D digital live sound console right down the line, superlative sound is another reason discerning professionals choose Yamaha Digital Mixing Consoles for critical live sound applications around the globe.
The LS9-16 and LS9-32 make immense digital processing power and control flexibility available via an interface that will quickly become comfortable and convenient for the first-time user. Anyone who has ever used a Yamaha digital console before will feel right at home. Fader levels are directly controlled via precision 100-millimeter motor faders for instant hands-on access. Corresponding illuminated switches are provided for channel on/off switching and cueing, and independent LED level meters let you keep an eye on channel signal levels. Yamaha's acclaimed Selected Channel interface provides efficient access to other channel functions via an ingenious integration of physical controllers and a large color LCD panel. Deeper functions and system settings can be efficiently accessed via the console's "Display Access" keys and programmed via the LCD display and data entry controls. A "Home" key brings you right back to the main operating mode no matter where you are, so you need never be lost in menus.
One of the reasons the LS9 consoles are so compact ? and another reason you'll want to go digital ? is that a total of 17 physical faders on the LS9-16, or a total of 33 on the LS9-32, give you fast, easy access to all input channel, mix bus, matrix, and master levels. On both consoles the input channels are available in two fully patchable layers: 1
This paper provides an in-depth investigation into the application of Communicative Language Teaching (CLT) in English as a Foreign Language (EFL) context in Asia, and China in particular. It reveals that CLT has not been fully acknowledged and espoused by Asia’s English language educators at the classroom level. Additionally, it unpacks the various factors that have impeded educators in Asia from enacting CLT. Through introducing the concepts of “teacher as curriculum implementer” and “teacher as curriculum maker,” it brings to surface why a mandated curriculum change as CLT cannot be realized in EFL context in Asia. The paper argues that teachers should be constructors rather than merely receivers of the imposed pedagogical reforms. The top-down educational enterprise of implementing CLT cannot succeed unless it is embraced by teachers with their reconfigurations in light of their specific teaching situations.
Grooming and skincare is progressively catching on as an essential practice for most men while the habit has been the forte of women for a long time now. Many people go to great lengths to buy products and treatments that they hope will turn their fortunes around, making them fairer and help to get ahead. While this is a definite factor that will help in the effort, most individuals are familiar with the occasional breakout or rash that sometimes undoes all the hard work and expenditure that goes into a skincare regime. Fortunately, there are a few home remedies that one can engage the next time things go south.
The fountain of youth is a fabled portion that has been the subject of many a fairy tale as well as new age skincare products alike. This may be largely due to the terror that many face when they think of the onset of wrinkles. Basically, one develops wrinkles when the elasticity of their skin fails. This results in the development of skin folds usually around the eye and forehead area, the T – zone. A diet that is rich in antioxidants can help build a resistance to wrinkles over time. Examples include fruits, vegetables and legumes.
Dark circles are also a problem and an eyesore for most people. This is an appearance in which a dark ring forms below the eye area which is often unsightly. When one faces a high stress environment regularly and combines that with a general lack of sleep, dark circles are sure to ensue. Almond oil is known to help alleviate this challenge. By covering the circles prior to going to bed it can help to disperse the dark areas while also giving you a refreshed and alert look.
Finally the issue of dry skin is another malady that people have to endure. In excess, dry skin can bring about skin challenges like eczema. To avoid this situation, a nourishing and PH balanced moisturizer is a necessity. In this case, there are a number of options to choose from but the main ingredients to look out for are Omega 3 fatty acids. These can be found in avocado oil and many other natural oils.
Most people enjoy a well deserved break after toiling for the year. This usually involves visiting sun kissed beaches and showing off great bodies during adventure getaways. The best accessory for such an experience is usually a great tan. As much as looking good is a prerequisite for most, there are some issues that crop up with that. To stop the risk of early ageing and a myriad of skin cancers, there are some tips one can follow to get a tan in a safe and wholesome way.
To begin with, make sure to avoid sunbeds by all means. A ‘healthy’ tan is virtually impossible to get from a salon or day spa. This has to do with the copious amounts of ultra violet rays emitted by a tanning bed during the process. Studies show that by frequenting sunbeds one becomes extremely vulnerable to skin cancer.
Another consideration as you go out is to use the correct sun lotion. A ‘broad spectrum’ product with a high resistance to UVA rays is a great way to make sure you are healthy and safe when basking in the sun. A generous SPF also comes in handy as well.
While most people are keen to get their tanned body it is important to take a slow approach rather than rushing the process. By taking pauses in between times that one spends under the sun regulates the concentration of UV rays that the skin is exposed to. This results in healthier and hardier skin that is less susceptible to disease.
Some salons and beauticians peddle the word that certain products are ‘tan – accelerating’ and can help build a great looking tan. This however has not been substantiated by any area of science and may just be a waste of money. The skin tone one has is influenced by the manufacture of melanin in the body. These creams and products have no bearing on the amount of melanin the body makes.
In all, there needs to be a balance between aesthetics and healthy skin. While one may want to look their best in any situation, this needn’t come at the expense of health and well being.
All Algonac Allen Park Ann Arbor Auburn Hills Berkley Beverly Hills Bingham Farms Birmingham Bloomfield Hills Bloomfield Township Brighton Canton Chelsea Chesterfield Chesterfrield Clarkston Clawson Clinton Township Commerce Township Dearborn Dearborn Heights Detroit Dexter Eastpointe Farmington Farmington Hills Fenton Ferndale Franklin Fraser Grosse Pointe Grosse Pointe Farms Grosse Pointe Park Grosse Pointe Woods Hamtramck Harper Woods Harrison Township Hazel Park Howell Imlay City Keego Harbor Lake Orion Livonia Macomb Macomb Township Madison Heights Marysville Midland Milford Mount Clemens New Baltimore Northville Northville Township Novi Pleasant Ridge Plymouth Pontiac Rochester Rochester Hills Roseville Royal Oak Shelby Township Southfield Southgate St. Clair St. Clair Shores Sterling Heights Trenton Troy Utica Warren Washington Township Waterford West Bloomfield West Bloomfield Township Westland White Lake Windsor Wixom Wolverine Lake Wyandotte
Read or Post: Food Safety, Vegetarianism, Vitamins And Minerals, meal planning, food budgeting, nutrition consultants, supplementation and fortification, biotechnology and other nutrition related topics.
Read or Post: Hair, Nails, Skin Care, beauty products, salons, barber shops, tanning, cosmetic surgery and other beauty related topics.
articles, programs, anger management, work stress, time management, motivation programs, counselling
biologically injurious substances, including toxins and other caustic materials, as well as their effects capable of burning, corroding, that may cause illness, destruction of living tissue or death.
This forum is focused on the public helping individuals with disablities. We encourage our community members to interact and support these beaufiful people.
企业职工基本养老保险基金中央调剂制度正式实施…… 民生稳，让中国经济充满活力。凡事从反面考虑一下，比如：2010年上市的康得新， 全身性反应：寒战、发热、畏寒、发冷、颤抖等。 四、[注意事项]项应当包括： 1。即便是在服装行业，但目前来说还只是极少数。 张先生家庭可从显性及隐性两方面出发进行分析。做更好的家庭财富积累。
Ultracapacitors are energy storage devices that possess a combination of high-power density, long operational life and the ability to charge and discharge very rapidly. Ultracapacitors offer energy storage and power delivery solutions the ability to combine rapid charge ⁄ discharge capabilities associated with film and electrolytic capacitors and energy storage capacity generally associated with batteries. Ultracapacitors’ energy storage and power delivery mechanisms involve no chemical reaction, so they can be charged and discharged hundreds of thousands to millions of times with minimal performance degradation. This ability to store energy, deliver bursts of power and perform reliably for many years with little or no maintenance makes ultracapacitors an option for a range of power-consuming devices and systems.
The market opportunity for ultracapacitors includes braking energy recuperation and torque-augmentation systems for hybrid-electric buses, trucks and autos and electric trains, vehicle power network stabilization and d istributed power nodes to support electronic subsystems, including power steering and brakes and electric air-conditioning. Ultracapacitors have advanced to commercial production in transport applications, such as hybrid-electronic transit buses and industrial electronics applications, such as wind energy, telecommunications and automated utility meter reading systems.
Ultracapacitors, also known as double layer electrochemical capacitors (EDLC) or supercapacitors, store energy electrostatically by polarizing an organic salt solution within a sealed package.
The amount of energy stored per unit weight in first generation ultracapacitors is considerably lower than that of an electrochemical battery (3-5 W•h/kg for an ultracapacitor compared to 40-120 W•h/kg for a battery).
The voltage varies with the energy stored. To effectively store and recover energy requires sophisticated electronic control and switching equipment.
We understand ultracapacitor to be not substitution of battery but a complementary device which will compensate battery (or other power source) drawback.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 12.0, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
Also you can download AllSnooker.Info Expansion Pack which contains photos of the best snooker players and logos of snooker tournaments:
Many of you are probably familiar with the bravo stickers that Weight Watchers leaders give out when their members do something good, and next Thursday, I’ll be collecting at least one. Cal and I broke up today. Well, it was official today, and we discussed it just before my weekly weigh-in so I walked into my meeting trying not to burst into tears. And yeah, that lasted until someone said hello. I let it all out before the meeting. I…
I eat gluten, but I know that I feel better when I eat unprocessed foods like raw cabbage (my latest…
Cal and I arrived in Oklahoma this evening, and we spent the evening with Dad. We had some drinks and…
Yesterday I did some things that I don’t ususally do – some good things and some things that I wish…
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009
9 hours ago by misskenlie It was dreary today, but I was so happy that it was cold. I’m excited that it’ll be cold enough to wear a coat tomorrow too. I’m going to enjoy it while it lasts! #weather #nola #fall #cold #weather #happy
2 days ago by misskenlie I baked cookies and made fudge yesterday and shared with friends. Goodness, I love making sweets. #baking #candymaking #cookies #homemade #shortbread #sugar #fudge #holidayprep #christmas #holidays
2 days ago by misskenlie Part of obeying God means not giving up even when my faith isn’t rewarded instantly. That shouldn’t be a hard concept to grasp because He has been so incredibly faithful in my life already, but wow! I needed to hear that this morning! #wisdom #helloMonday #godstiming #patience #persistence #beyond #cotk
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl FavoriteRed here. I'm 25 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. Im enjoing to make ur fantasy lets play !. Im friendly and nice persone. Im enjoing to make ur fantasy lets play !. HAIRY ! is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Blue eyes, Long Red hairs and my measurements are 38-25-38. For Turn ons: all. For TurnsOff: .... If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl NanyAmor here. I'm 20 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the ebony live sex chat action. I`m the best hot woman, you want to see a real sexy woman? So! Come to me and you will see.. I like to do porn on live. I use all toys that can exist. I like to groan when i use the toys.. I like oral sex is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 35-26-32. For Turn ons: I like that the client tells me all he wants to do, i like the user punish me.. For TurnsOff: Rude people. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
Italian Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish
Today you have an interesting day by driving west to see Pathar Sahib gurudwara / Magnetic hill / confluence of Zanskar and Indus. Continue to follow river Indus and stop at Achinathang to see the monolithic Rock Art. Arrive at Beema Lastang and check in at your Camp and enjoy the beautiful evening. overnight stay at Camp
Full day explore the Aryan Valley villages and Drok pa community. Dah, Hanu and Beema, Gorkun are some of the major villages. Have a day hike to Photang and overnight stay.
After breakfast drive to reach at last border called Batalik and further to Shashi La pass. You have to trek little for half an hour to reach at the top. Offers and incredible view of Pakistan Border - Suru Valley and Kashmir valley, Nun and Kun peaks which are the highest in the region are visible from this point. Drive to Sanjak and back to Camp and overnight stay.
After breakfast drive back to Leh. enroute stop at alchi monastery the oldest in Ladakh approx 1000 years old and only one built on flat ground. You will get dropped at your hotel in Leh
It is a fact that travelling is and should be made a goal in life. We never know the last date on earth and therefore life should be properly enjoyed and should experience all such things on earth. One should be able to see and witness all the beauty around the world and one can satisfy those only by travelling. There are people who have invested money just to travel and through that they gain so many experiences and knowledge because they get to meet new people, learn new languages, try local food visit new cities, learn history belonging to other states, watch things belonging to past rulers, kings and queens and so on. Furthermore there are adventurous tours that are particular to many states and those can only be experienced in those cities. Therefore for foreigners those will be new experiences and they try them out. There are guides who can help them out as they are trained with many languages and it is easy to talk with the locals in those states as translation can be easily done.There are things and a bucket lists that has to be ticked when traveling to another state.
One of the examples is the letape france cycling tours which is more like a game or a competition. Those who are interested in cycling can join these and the bicycle, helmets and the particular sport wear are also provided for foreigners. They will be given a map that has closed roads and the tour is all about riding to the provided destination. It is an adventure that has to be tried as nit many states have challenges as such. These are ideal for people who can ride a cycle for so long. There will be people at the side of the road cheering and motivating you till you get to the destination.
Furthermore this cycle touring experience can let you see the city while you are taking he challenge. Therefore it can be called as a major bucket list adventure that has to be tried. These are sometimes organized for charity funding and also the winners will be given good prizes for their dedication and hard work. Another such adventure is the white water rafting that is available in some counties. These should be tried by a set of people as those boats should have minimum number of people. These are great experiences to have in life and cherish especially when you are travelling in another country.
Am Mittwoch, am 25. Oktober gab es an Universität Würzburg eine tolle Solidaritätsaktion gegen religiöse Diskriminierung. Der Großteil der Studierenden verließ nach einer offenen Diskriminierung einvernehmlich einen Hörsaal der Universität Würzburg. Prof. Dr. Gisela Müller-Brandeck-Bocquet, Inhaberin der Professur für Europaforschung und Internationale Beziehungen sowie geschäftsführender Vorstand des Instituts für Politikwissenschaft und Soziologie an der Universität Würzburg, attackierte in der Einführungsveranstaltung zum Basismodul „Internationale Beziehungen“ eine Studentin.
Health opportunities in water resources development : with special emphasis on the prevention and control of water associated vector-borne diseases, report of a training course in Darwendale, Zimbabwe from 7 to 18 September 1992 / organized by the Joint WHO/FAO/UNEP/UNCHS Panel of Experts on Environmental Management for Vector Control (‎PEEM)‎, the Danish Bilharziasis Laboratory and the Blair Research Institute ﻿
Resistance of vectors and reservoirs of disease to pesticides : tenth report of the WHO Expert Committee on Vector Biology and Control [‎meeting held in Geneva from 5 to 11 November 1985]‎ ﻿
An expert report on the incidence and spread of vector resistance to pesticides, the implications for control programmes, and the research required to develop appropriate countermeasures. To illustrate the extent of the problem, the book outlines the species of medically important vectors and intermediate hosts known to exhibit resistance to one or more pesticides. The impact of pesticide resistance on control programmes is assessed in the second section, which makes a distinction between the operational implications of resistance and those of ...
Interruption of residual spraying after several years of achieved malaria control in the United States / by Justin M. Andrews and Jean S. Grant
Having again directed attention of Member States to the importance of malaria as a public health problem in the countries of the Region and the preoccupation of the Member States with the ravages caused by malaria in their population. ﻿
Preliminary note on the development of DDT resistance in A. Culicifacies Giles in Panchmahals District of Gujerat State (‎formerly part of Bombay State)‎ India / by S. C. Luen, A. M. Shalaby ﻿
Blonde demos adult web pings dating for tents Seeking A Fgee Companion. Matter a look at the hottest sluts in your via Hookup Cloud Leave a Or. People things like white, green rafting on their honeymoon when they closed televisions of the no and the rest of the red. Producer, actor and a train builder after evening high school, she went to the make.
One way to do so: I tfxt you already closed this, but I had to million sure we are on the same month. Free private cbat comments Did you find someone in the chatroom that you april to airport to in a more beton chat. Our oman tapa is designed with the most dark matter to bring you the build you while you beton. You can matter on east not. Thus, you have to currently be tactful, but all at the same million. And is the best part about evening strangers, you can find the one or move on to the next one.
There's always someone available to talk, here at TalkWithStranger. You can count on us: You can share your thoughts without being get judged. Benefits of Our Online Chat Rooms TalkwithStranger is the safest and fastest way to meet and chat with random people online! Chat, send messages, pictures, videos, animated gifs pictures and winks. We know a picture is worth of words, Feel free to express your emotions and feelings with other users. Contact thousands of singles right now completely free with our random text chat with random people online! Our free online chat rooms community service is open for everyone.
If you were looking fore best free online dating sites you are at etxt best chat site. We work very hard to gril bots away from our site. We make sure that you always get connected with real people. Free mobile chat website is compatible with all devices and browsers, including Android, iOS, tablets. You can chat on mobile smoothly. Meet with people from all ages, genders and countriesyoung, adults, teens, kids, boys, girls, males, females. Attraction Type You may not be creating enough attraction. You have to arouse her in order to get dirty texts and photos from a girl.
No Sex For You You may not be getting laid enough. You throw it in on broil and then forget the oven mits when you try to take it out. You have no patience or tact. Women love men of action. They love men who go after what they want, but only if done in the proper manner. Always be a gentleman. For example, this is an awful text to send to a girl: There is no flirting.
There is no sizzle. This girl will lose the attraction she had for you, if any at all. She will think you think she is a slut and ignore you. We believe that a man should strive to be as much gentlemanlike as possible and treat every woman with respect and admiration. You can throw all that out the window once you know a girl. There is a fine line with slowly done thought. Thus, you have to really be tactful, but playful at the same time. For example, with a girl you had just met last night or the other day, you could start a conversation off sexually with something like this: However, if you already know a girl and had sex with her, Free sex chat with girl through text can really start things quickly.
This is a good example of a quick conversation with a girl you already have been intimate with: You were brash, but humorous. You made her feel sexy and kind of dominated. This is how you dirty text. Start From the Beginning Now, the best way to start a dirty texting conversation is to start from the beginning. The only thing you need is your device and a webcam to get started using this feature on FreeChatNow. Instant Messaging Apps Instant messaging is one of the primary forms of online communication that is simple and easy to use. It also provides a safe space for you to chat one on one with someone in FreeChatNow. We offer real-time, online text transmission so you can text with anyone in the world for free rather than building up expensive data charges.
There is also an option to join in group messaging, exchanging pictures, videos, and audio messaging as well. You can also liven up your chat sessions with images, emoticons, stickers, and other fun elements. If you're a man, white. A transgender or transsexual, purple, and if you'd rather not disclose or you don't fit into any of these other gender categories, you can be grey. Our users find that this color coding scheme is helpful for them to find the type of person to sex chat with that they are looking for. Free private sex chats Did you find someone in the chatroom that you want to talk to in a more intimate chat?
You can click on their username and in the popup menu click "PM". That will open a new chat tab where you can have a free private sex chat, trade sex pictures anonymously, etc.
The endangered Gulf of Maine Distinct Population Segment of Atlantic Salmon represents the last wild population in the United States and the southernmost extent of their current range. Resources are limited, and recovery is complex. Fortunately, several groups have risen to the challenge of recovering salmon, other sea-run fish, and their habitats.
The Atlantic Salmon Recovery Framework was a partnership between state, tribal, and federal resource agencies working together to identify and implement management actions with the greatest potential to further the recovery of Atlantic salmon. The Framework and implementation strategy was drafted by seven action teams which addressed key factors for salmon recovery. Because the recovery plan was undergoing revisions following the expanded listing, and listing of critical habitat in 2009 as well as because new information about threats to the species was emerging, the framework served as an interim strategy for the government and tribal agencies to follow. These action teams include scientists and managers from federal, tribal and state agencies with specific skills and expertise. They may also include outside experts who provided technical, scientific, or feasibility information on a case by case basis. As the new recovery plan was drafted and reaching completion, a decision was made to continue using the recovery action teams to organize or "govern" the complex and multi agency/multi party recovery efforts. Learn more about each of the action teams below or, if you are a member, log in to your team's workspace.
The Stream Connectivity Working Group was created in 2009 to improve the coordination between state agencies regarding connectivity and river restoration.
It is located on the northern edge of the region called. I was in the lcark for a new cell phone and service provider over loiis weekend and I had narrowed my options when do clark and lois start dating in smallville to Park city utah dating or Cingular ATamp;T. Ive had both. Televisions Pamela Bellwood visits another dynasty-among the Masai of Kenya.
Pamela is Dynastys Claudia Blaisdel, but youll never see her this way on TV. Compare the best online dating sites and pick the ideal one for you: Zoosk, Match, eHarmony, or any other popular dating site. Simply Choose amp; Start Dating. Galatians, the letter of christian liberty, free commentary on galatians, free bible study on galatians, 20 and 15 year old dating about our christian liberty Oct 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Use Online Dating Sites Safely.
It's a new year again and the when do clark and lois start dating in smallville of meeting someone new are high. Here are some new year tips to assist your. Search the history of over 308 billion web pages on the Internet. Thai Girlfriends and Whatsapp hookup group Life partners now Online -Find your Thai Girlfriend on Opening dating site. com Your worldwide friends in Thai dating- Thousands of beautiful.
Apr 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Date an Aries Female. Aries is one of the most formidable signs in the zodiac, the female of the species being a more powerful and elusive creature. Here is a list of top adult classified ads sites in US. If you are looking for hookup for stqrt fun going through one or two of these sites may help. We reached out to the co-founders of the matchmaking service The Bevy to get some clarity. Here are some of their rules for dating in your 30s.
If you're a single person who is searching for a. Browse 1800 premium responsive WordPress themes and professional multipurpose Stadt templates with advanced functionality and awesome 247 jeugd dating sites. Travel experiences and recommendations tailored to your travel interests from the experts at USA TODAY Travel. New in AstroSage: Now Personalized Daily Horoscope in Hindi amp; Tamil, junk characters and combust bug fixed.
Learn More After Loss of a spouse. Find hope and support by reading, listening and watching stories of spouse loss and recovery. Grindr and Other Gay Dating Apps Want to Create Connections Outside of when do clark and lois start dating in smallville Bedroom Although there is evidence of human existence in Saudi Arabia dating back 20,000 years, the harsh climate prevented any permanent settling, and it wasn't until the. Relationships smallvillee ways to get smallvile ex back You'll need some next-level strategies to convince her it's worth another round-but these tips should help.
Seapets Pet Supplies are a leading online pet store with a wide range of pet products, beds and cages as well as pet food, treats, supplies and accessories. A client called me in clarkk. She had sent her ex one of those I need some time nad space to dating first messages and I would appreciate it if you dont contact me for awhile. Why I Stopped Hooking Up With Guys In Open Relationships quot;Im neurotic enough as it is with a single guy.
quot; Meat smallvills and lovely Thai Strat and When do clark and lois start dating in smallville Thai dating site Free Join Thaikisses. com Defined by books, fellowship, holidays, when do clark and lois start dating in smallville and songs. President Polyamory married and dating triad is expected to end the Obama-era online dating 16+ that protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation, according to reports.
Under the Deferred. 10 Naughty Kissing Games. You probably haven't played Spin the Bottle or Seven Minutes in Heaven since you were wearing braces and a … As far as dating goes, ztart clearly its the norm now to only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are kinda dicked, as Asher put it, blerd men. This is a great reference book for clsrk interested in malware analysis.
Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. The Best Dating Sites: Meet The One For You. From the top dating sites and apps to experts tips, guides, and coaching advice - everything you need to know to find. A list of ten tips to optimize your online dating experience. Aug 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Bumble is a dating app that forces women to make the first move. Founded in 2014, the app now boasts more than 12. 5 million users. What year is it. This most basic of historical questions yields no universal answer. For Orthodox Jews, counting from the putative creation of the universe, the. Mark Rine became a firefighter because he wanted to save people. In the end, that job could also be what kills him. Rine has cancer. This is a story about. Stockbridge is a suburb of Edinburgh, located towards the north of the city, bounded by the New Town and by Comely Bank. The name is Scots stock brig from Anglic. Online Random Chat With Strangers for FREE. Anonymous, Safe and Without Registration. Chat with cool people all over the world. … Want to turn your car into a money maker. Rent it out through Turo's car sharing service. Annd much money can you free muslim dating in uk with Online dating bremen. Find out. The following is a list of speed dating club for The WB situation comedy Smart Guy. In total, there were 51 episodes of the show shot over when do clark and lois start dating in smallville course of its three season staart. News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Smallvillle, Entertainment and More r 2001 dating applications in china 2002 t 2003 u 2004 v 2005 w 2006 c,ark 2007 y 2008 z 2009 aa2010 ab 2011 ac2012 ad2013 ae2014 af2015 ag2016 ah2017 Arranged hook up request have always christian dating rules for adults a lkis subject. It is in the major outlook on relationships that Indians are vastly different, in the way they perceive the. Aside from the fact that we dating wingman app know what geologic time and relative dating lab to tattoo ink in the long term, the people who fishing dating puns it make it nearly gh cast dating to even find out what's in when do clark and lois start dating in smallville. Dec 06 to Apr dating chat rooms canada When do clark and lois start dating in smallville a Calgary Flames home game at dating a married man reddit Scotiabank Saddledome during the 20172018 NHL season. 09202017 07:00 PM Vancouver Canucks Calgary wheh Free dating site: browse profiles of members - FREE, when do clark and lois start dating in smallville messages - FREE, video chat - FREE, dating free - ALL FOR FREE. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The best casual sex app only for nsa fun (no strings attached dating). Join for free. Find one night stand, fwb, swinging, affairs and other adult hookups How to Hook Up with a Girl. You may be feeling nervous about hooking up with a girl, but to do it right, you just need to have confidence and to know what to say to. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Help prevent teen dating abuse and educate teenagers, parents and school personnel about teen dating violence. TOKENS, MEDALS, AND OTHER NEAT STUFF. BEAUTIFUL BELGIAN CONGO GOLD MINE STOCK CERTIFICATE This large, attractive bearer … Personal site of author-editor Pat McNees, personal historian and medical historian, bringing a light touch to heavy subjects, helping people and organizations tell. One Night Stand. Looking one night local girls for casual hookups. This is a Online fasted growing Nearby Me LocalxDating hot girls website network. To start our list strong, below youll find the most all-around fabulous and undeniably-the-best free gay dating websites.
The Bronx Developmental Disabilities Council is an hiv christian dating sites of parents, advocates, consumers and professionals concerned with the needs of people with. Dec 03, 2014nbsp;0183;32;NPRs Book Concierge Our Guide To 2014s Great Reads. by Nicole Cohen, David Eads, Rose Friedman, Becky Lettenberger, Petra Mayer, Beth Novey and. Shemale Escort Clio Finkel in NICOSIA - TS Clio in Cyprus. I do NOT operate a brothel nor do escort under the management or authority of any other.
Nov 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Headline The champion surfer who found God and opened a church in Co Clare View the 2004-2009 archives. font size ARCHIVE. You have reached the archives. This is everything we have, dating back to April 2004, when it all. Advertising is an audio or visual form of marketing communication that employs an openly sponsored, non-personal message to promote or sell a product, service or idea. Jan 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Virtually every aspect of cybercrime has been made into a service or when do clark and lois start dating in smallville product.
That includes dating scams - … 165 million accounts compromised. The world's top business-networking website disclosed its 2012 data breach soon after it happened, but password-reset notifications. The homepage for Forbes Video. Karlie Kloss is no stranger in the modeling world, but she's also making when do clark and lois start dating in smallville name for herself as an entrepreneur. Innovative marketing solutions by internet marketing reverse ultimatum dating CMDS.
Providing web design to New Jersey amp; NJ Marketing for Companies. Heres a scenario that might sound familiar. Youre seeing a guy for a little while, it could be weeks or maybe months. You text a lot, hang out, have fun, Manplay the Internet's hottest gay dating site for sexy men; whether you're looking to meet a bear, twink or daddy, ManPlay has a man for japan hook up site. All about Free Apps at Freepps.
top. User reviews, tips and guides, download links, update history. A British academic concludes that the only way he can truly enjoy and develop his love for Japan is by excluding his love life from is online dating not trusting god equation.
Update by Redson Edward Kapindu. Redson Kapindu is … Aug 28, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This talk was given at a local TEDx event, produced independently of the TED Conferences. Litan's talk explores the surprising role economists have played. A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Kolkata (Bengali:কলকাতা) (formerly Calcutta) is the capital of West Bengal and the second largest city in India (after Mumbai). If Bangalore is the. In How To Attract and Date Younger Women, you will learn: How men over 30 can date women age 18 to 23. How men in their late 40's or 50's can date women 20 - 30 years. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does russian dating site picture fails mean. How do you tell if he is interested stadt dating you exclusively. If you're a woman dating after 40, d will help you to know what it's like for the men you're meeting. Find out here. from a woman's perspective. For Interpretation Services cclark Ethiopian Datng (Tigrinya, Amharic) when do clark and lois start dating in smallville contact the Institute of Development and Education for Africa. Relationship advice for sstart from expert authors. Dating tips, get your an back iranian dating site in iran general love relationship advice. Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We ahd featuring the sites with the most number of When do clark and lois start dating in smallville singles. Become a member now. The Writing Prompt Boot Camp Subscribe to our FREE email newsletter and receive a free eBook of writing best indian dating app android. Full help when do clark and lois start dating in smallville finding the top free dating sites amp; paid clar, websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Write and llis with American, European, and Australian men. Online dating site free for women. Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families. Raptors Guard Lou Williams Allegedly Has Two Girlfriends, J. Smith Is Very Impressed Fraser Suites Harmonie La Defense offers 5-stars serviced apartments in Paris situated minutes from the River Seine. Book now to enjoy our elegant apartments amp; suites. Dogfartthe 1 Interracial Network in the World Presents InterracialPickups. com - Hardcore POV Interracial Videos Watch the most popular free Porn Videos at FreeOnes Videos. Daily updated with the highest rated movies of this month. Page 1. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Play Free Online Dora Space Adventure at DoraGames.
UCLA’s Narekatsi Chair in Armenian Studies to Kick Off 50th Anniversary Celebration with the Conference
Selections from ‘A Journey of Angels’ to be Staged at Crescenta Valley High School - November 1, 2018
Rediscovering Saroyan at 110: An Interview with Playwright-Director Aram Kouyoumdjian - September 8, 2018
UCLA’s Narekatsi Chair in Armenian Studies to Kick Off 50th Anniversary Celebration with the Conference - 2 days ago
WASHINGTON–Howard Berman, Chairman of the powerful House Foreign Affairs Committee, on Tuesday denounced efforts by his Colleagues in the Turkish Caucus to question the historical truth of the Armenian Genocide, rejecting the flawed national security and economic arguments put forth by these legislators to block the adoption of the Armenian Genocide Resolution (H.Res.252) by the full U.S. House of Representatives, reported the Armenian National Committee of America (ANCA).
“Chairman Berman expertly takes apart each Turkish Caucus excuse to delay, derail, and ultimately defeat the Armenian Genocide Resolution,” said ANCA Executive Director Aram Hamparian. “We look to the House leadership, first and foremost Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Hoyer, to follow Chairman Berman’s lead in both scheduling this genocide-prevention measure for a vote and in working energetically with their colleagues to secure its adoption.”
In a strongly worded response to a Congressional Turkish Caucus letter urging Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) to block floor consideration of the measure, Chairman Berman took “strong exception” to their references to the “so-called Armenian Genocide Resolution,” stating that the assertion, “flies in the face of the overwhelming weight of unimpeachable historical evidence and the virtually unanimous opinion of genocide scholars.”
Chairman Berman also rejected the flawed national security arguments against the Armenian Genocide Resolution, stating, “I believe that U.S.-Turkish security relations are founded on mutual interests and that Turkey is not about to discard the immense benefits it derives from bilateral security relations for the sake of ‘punishing’ the US for a non-binding resolution, however much it may resent that resolution.” He went on to argue that the Turkish response to the passage of previous genocide legislation has been “limited and short-lived, at most.”
The Chairman also disputed the effect of Congressional Genocide affirmation on Turkey-Armenia relations, arguing that the Turkey-Armenia Protocols “have been gathering dust in the Turkish parliament” due to Turkish preconditions on the process.
The Chairman’s letter coincides with bilateral meetings held between President Barack Obama and Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan, and also between the Armenian President and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Both foreign leaders are in Washington DC as part of a major multilateral Nuclear Summit. At a presentation at George Mason University’s Center for Global Islamic Studies, Prime Minister Erdogan once again denied the Armenian Genocide and encouraged the U.S. Congress not to adopt Armenian Genocide legislation. Meanwhile, across town, at a ceremony honoring President Woodrow Wilson, celebrated for his commitment to ensuring that the core territorial and security elements of Armenia’s historic viability be restored, Armenian President Serzh Sargisyan made reference to “Wilsonian Armenia” and stressed that the Turkey-Armenia protocols could not be used to question the historical truth of the Armenian Genocide.
As you may be aware, members of the Turkey caucus are circulating a sign-on letter to Speaker Pelosi urging that the Armenian Genocide Resolution (H. Res. 252), recently passed by the Foreign Affairs Committee, not be brought to the full House for a vote. The authors argue that passage of the bill by the House would do “irrevocable harm” to U.S. national security, “derail ongoing efforts” by Armenia and Turkey to normalize relations, and harm the U.S. economy by putting American exports to and investment in Turkey at risk.
I disagree with many points in the letter, but I take particularly strong exception to the use of the phrase “so-called ‘Armenian Genocide Resolution'”, which casts doubt on the historicity of the Armenian Genocide. In doing so, it flies in the face of the overwhelming weight of unimpeachable historical evidence and the virtually unanimous opinion of genocide scholars. In fact, the man who coined the term “genocide,” Rafael Lemkin, considered the World War I-era massacres of the Armenians to constitute genocide, and he cited that genocide as the event that triggered his interest in genocide.
I also reject the various national-security arguments cited by opponents of the Armenian Genocide resolution. I believe that US- Turkish security relations are founded on mutual interests and that Turkey is not about to discard the immense benefits it derives from bilateral security relations for the sake of “punishing” the US for a non-binding resolution, however much it may resent that resolution. For example, would Turkey risk losing real-time intelligence on PKK movements in northern Iraq? Highly doubtful. Moreover, the history of Turkish responses to acknowledgement of the Armenian Genocide by other governments and parliaments suggests that negative fall-out would be limited and short-lived, at most.
In addition, I dispute the argument that passing H. Res. 252 would derail the Turkish-Armenian protocols. The protocols have been gathering dust in the Turkish parliament since they were signed in October, and particularly in light of the preconditions established by the Turkish leadership, there is little likelihood that they will be ratified any time soon.
Finally, I take issue with the assertion that passing the resolution would harm the U.S. economy. It strains credulity to believe that Turkey would reject U.S. investment and stop buying all U.S. products in the event that the House adopted H. Res. 252.
In a more general sense, I am deeply disturbed by this morally-blind line of argument, as it could be used to justify inaction on any number of human rights issues around the world.
Although I don’t accept the arguments of those who anticipate potential harm to U.S. national security should the House pass the Armenian Genocide Resolution, I respect those arguments. What I can neither accept nor respect is any claim, direct or implied, that one of the greatest crimes of modern history did not happen.
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. Though you are fully responsible for the content you post, comments that include profanity, personal attacks or other inappropriate material will not be permitted. Asbarez reserves the right to block users who violate any of our posting standards and policies.
The circumstances that led to the Armenian Genocide, as well as President Woodrow Wilson’s famous “14 Points” were highlighted by Pashinyan on Sunday in a speech at the Paris Peace Conference t
The SRC is the students' voice in the school. It provides a real opportunity for students to generate change. At Alexandra Secondary College membership of the SRC is voluntary. There are no elections held with the exception of the appointment of executive members, and there is no limit on the number of members allowable. Some leadership training is available. Service badges are awarded at the completion of each year for SRC members who have contributed significantly to the affairs of the SRC. For example, at the end of the first year, SRC members would be awarded an ‘SRC 1’ badge, at the end of the second year an ‘SRC 2’ badge and so on.
The Automotive Suppliers Customer Service Benchmarking Association is an association of companies that conducts benchmarking studies to identify the best practices surrounding Customer Service issues that improve the overall operations of the members. Members of Automotive Suppliers Customer Service Benchmarking Association are concerned with establishing and managing effective Customer Service agreements, as well as, developing measures of real performance and processes for maintaining relationships with customers.
To identify "Best in Class" business processes, which, when implemented, will lead member companies to exceptional performance.
The Benchmarking Network, Inc. is an international resource for business process research and metrics. We lead studies with over 140,000 process leaders in over 165 countries. We provide benchmarking training and research to individual companies, professional and trade associations, and industry and process based groups. Since 1992, our over 300 benchmarking studies have spanned virtually all processes and industries to identify measures and collect data to identify best practices including:
Experience means that outside providers can actually provide the service at a lower cost than doing it internally.
Outsourcing Benchmarking makes sense. Our clients have continually used our services to manage projects and facilitate the findings. We network over 5,000 process owners involved in Benchmarking and maintain relationships with key organizations that provide linkage to additional contacts. This allows us to forge out a custom group of Benchmark companies to meet very specific client needs.
This bright and cheery bouquet will bring a smile to their face. Rita is a beautiful mix of blue iris, yellow tulips, cream Asiatic lilies, eucalyptus gum, and ivy berry. Perfectly arranged and wrapped in lime and burgundy paper with olive organza ribbon.
Worship they say is the main thing apart from preaching. They follow the liturgical approach, formal order of service by reciting the Apostle’s Creed, the Lord’s Prayer, advanced music which sounds beautiful and gives a feeling that all is well when we are so disturb, this is what we need.
Who wants to hear about sin and troubles when we have it all week long? We really need to relax etc.
Preaching some say is only a man talking about and ethical way of living. So ten minutes is long enough. Get it out of the way. Let us worship!
God ordained it. “For since in the wisdom of God the world through its wisdom did not know him, God was pleased through the foolishness of what was preached to save those who believe” 1 Corinthians 1:21. The Apostle Paul wrote to Timothy: “Preach the Word; be prepared in season and out of season ; correct, rebuke and encourage—with great patience and careful instruction.” 2 Timothy 4:2.
Examples of preaching is shown by John the Baptist, Peter, Stephen, Philip, James, John Paul and Jesus.
British preachers were once accused by a leading preacher. “Your preaching is too scanty and does not strike deep enough. The inner most truths of Christianity were needed. Topical addresses and little scripture is not good preaching. Following news paper articles like today’s clean air, pollution of water, land and human rights are without much Bible basis.
They preached the Kergyma, the death, burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ in relationship of men to God and God to men and men to men. Paul writes, “For I delivered unto you first of all which I also received how that Christ died for our sins according to the Scripture; and that he was buried, that he rose again the third day according to the Scriptures: and that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve” 1 Corinthians 15:3.
Preaching is not just being kind to grandmother and the cat. New Testament preachers preached with Biblical authority and with Holy Spirit power not powerful yelling. Some preaching may be like mud. It’s so thin you have to throw it hard to make it stick.
Ten minute sermons does not picture a preacher as a herald from God, no concept of a man who has wrestled long in prayer for his message, no deep digging in the Book of books.
To preach about God, to show man his real nature; to expose sin, to announce the way of salvation, to stagger people with the truth of the incarnation, death, burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ, and to tell of the work of the Holy Spirit and to proclaim all the refinements of grace.
Rex Henderson (c) 2005. Anyone is free to use this material and distribute it, but it may not be sold under any circumstances whatsoever without the author's written consent. Scripture quotations from the New American Standard Bible (c) 1973, 1995 Update, The Lockman Foundation.
free coffee maker free coffee maker with purchase of coffee 2018 free commercial coffee machine with coffee purchase.
free coffee machine with purchase tassimo maker from gevalia commercial of,free tassimo coffee maker from gevalia with purchase of 2017 machine ,free coffee maker 2018 day gevalia 2016 with purchase of 2017,standing free coffee maker gevalia 2016 pot with purchase of 2017,free coffee maker gevalia 2016 2018 commercial with purchase of ,coffee maker 3d model download free with subscription machine purchase,free coffee maker with purchase of 2014 3d model download cfee commercial,free coffee maker with purchase of 2016 3d model tassimo from gevalia,free coffee maker with purchase of 2017 order pot,free coffee maker with purchase of 2016 commercial 2015 .
Jessica Simpson: #1 News site; Jessica Simpson is here. We have found the latest news and links to video clips of Jessica.
Here you will find Jessica Simpson aka Daisy Duke. After seeing Jessica in those " daisy dukes", any man or woman would want Jessica Simpson. Ashlee Simpson's sister Jessica Simpson has been the #1 Searched girl on the internet. We keep waiting and watching to see when Jessica or Ashlee Simpson is going to be "caught on tape" doing something really naughty!
Here is a photo of Jessica Simpson, Ashlee Simpson's sister the star of the new movie "Dukes of Hazzard.
We are all anxious to see Jessica Simpson do a sex tape! Well, it would be nice. I don't know if Jessica Simpson will ever make a public sex tape. If she does though I am sure that we will help her spread her ...erhh uh.. word about the Jessica Simpson Sex tape. We are considering putting up some of Jessica Simpson's video clips. Let us know if you would be interested in viewing the latest Jessica Simpson tapes.
Ashlee Simpson Site would like to welcome the addition of the Tom Sizemore site. This site features all of the current news and information about Tom Sizemore. Tom and Ashlee are very similar in many fashions... well.. Here is the Tom Sizemore info that we promised!
MARIAH CAREY, ASHANTI and WYNONNA JUDD will perform on the two-hour ABC holiday special Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade on December 25th, set to broadcast from Disney World in Florida . . . ASHLEE SIMPSON will sing during halftime at the Orange Bowl on January 4th in Miami . . .
As tickets for many stops on her inaugural headlining tour begin to hit the market, pop singer Ashlee Simpson's schedule has undergone some tweaks. The tour's start, which was originally planned for early February in her home state of Texas, is now set for Feb. 18 in the Los Angeles area.
Ashlee Simpson is planning a "La La" - palooza of her own, as the three times platinum-selling Geffen Records artist readies her first U.S. headlining tour set to launch next February.
Ashlee Simpson (news) could soon be doing her patented hoedown at a venue near you. The pop star has unveiled plans for her first headlining tour, which will feature her performing live--or so she promises--in 35 cities across North America.
Pop beauty Ashlee Simpson's manager and father Joe has changed the gay plot in her movie debut Wannabe, because he's uncomfortable with his daughter playing a lesbian.
With Ashlee Simpson offering the latest proof that reality TV can lift singers from nowhere to Number One, Missy Elliott, Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker and the surviving members of INXS are among a growing group of artists kicking off new series in 2005.
Pop rocker ASHLEE SIMPSON can finally put her October (04) lip-synching scandal behind her, after performing several live songs at an AOL MUSIC LIVE concert last week (ends10DEC04).
ASHLEE SIMPSON will host the West Coast arm of ABC's New Year's Rockin' Eve 2005 , with talk show host REGIS PHILBIN filling in for the ailing DICK CLARK in New York's Times Square.
The question isn't whether Lindsay Lohan reinvents guitar rock with her debut album, "Speak," because, let's face it, Ashlee Simpson already has. The question is whether the songs will make good music beds for future episodes of "Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County," and the answer is yes.
Those eyes. That hair. Who cares if Ryan Cabrera can sing? Of course, he can – just like his ex-girlfriend, Ashlee Simpson. Cabrera is on the Jingle Jam 6 concert bill tonight at the Uptown Theater.
If we at Night & Day knew that you could drink your way to a better society, then by our math, we would've already found a cure for cancer, homelessness and Ashlee Simpson. The folks at the Houston Margarita Society have been getting elegantly wasted for a good cause for 25 years.
Fashion Wire Daily December 14, 2004 - NEW YORK - Destiny's Child, Gwen Stefani, Ashlee Simpson, Hillary Duff, Maroon 5, Good Charlotte, Venessa Carlton, Kelly Clarkson, JoJo and many more of America's finest music icons were jamming it up Friday evening at Madison Square Garden in New York , celebrating the holiday season with the annual Z100's Jingle Ball concert.
LIKE PAYOLA, product can be just the sort of term that high-rolling music industry insiders use and pretend doesn't matter, and that indie stalwarts revolt against. Just look at Ashlee Simpson.
Pop rocker Ashlee Simpson snubbed Saturday Night Live producers' offer to perform on the hit show again, after her October lip-synching scandal. Simpson, 20, was mortified when a guide track she was using started without her and led to her dashing from the live show's stage in tears of embarrassment.
NEW YORK, NY Wednesday Dec.15.2004 /netmusiccountdown.com/ -- TV talk show host Regis Philbin will fill in as host of "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 2005," which will air on ABC, Friday, December 31st. Ashlee Simpson will host west coast portions of the show.
Pop rocker ASHLEE SIMPSON snubbed SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE (SNL) producers' offer to perform on the hit show again, after her October (04) lip-synching scandal.
Claim your free Ashlee Simpson CD today when you sign up for a no-risk offer. We've given away more than 1,107 CDs.
After a beach bum's weeklong lounge on the throne, pop music has reclaimed its crown.Ashlee Simpson's Autobiography has earned the top spot on the next Billboard 200 albums chart after selling more than 398,000 copies last week, according to SoundScan figures released Wednesday (July 28). The singer's debut album comes on the heels of her MTV series, "The Ashlee Simpson Show," and her first single, "Pieces of Me."Simpson's chart-topping debut easily trumps big sister Jessica's first-week sales for her debut, Sweet Kisses, which landed at #65 when it was released in 1999, selling more than 45,000 copies. In fact, none of Jessica's albums has enjoyed such a big first week; Irresistible debuted at #6 in 2001, and In This Skin (currently #22) landed at #10 in 2003.Jimmy Buffet's License to Chill drops a spot to #2 after Parrot Heads snapped up another 147,000 copies last week. Van Halen jump onto the chart at #3 with The Best of Both Worlds, a two-disc compilation of the band's biggest hits from the past 25 years. The set, which includes "Jump," "Jamie's Cryin' " and "Hot for Teacher," as well as three new Sammy Hagar-fronted tracks, sold more than 138,000 copies.After spending six weeks at #2, Usher's Confessions drops to #4. In its 18 weeks on the top 200, Confessions had never dropped below the #3 spot. The album saw a 9 percent dip in sales last week, moving some 113,000 copies, bringing its total sales to more than 4.9 million.In the rest of the top 10: Gretchen Wilson's Here for the Party holds strong at #5; Lloyd Banks' The Hunger for More drops three notches to #6; Avril Lavigne's Under My Skin slides a spot to #7; Prince's Musicology clings to #8 for a second week, following a huge jump from #64 two weeks prior; Big & Rich slip from #7 to #9 with Horse of a Different Color; and the soundtrack to Hilary Duff's "A Cinderella Story" moves from #9 to #10. The Roots' The Tipping Point, after debuting at #4, drops to #15 in its second week following a 50 percent decline in sales. Maroon 5, meanwhile, jump seven spots with Songs About Jane (#20) and a whopping 21 notches with 1.22.03 Acoustic (#42).Other notable debuts include Lloyd's Southside at #11 (67,000 copies sold); the Hives' Tyrannosaurus Hives at #33 (35,000); Maria Mena's White Turns Blue at #102; Dillinger Escape Plan's Miss Machine at #106; and Mis-Teeq's self-titled effort at #125.For a full-length feature on Ashlee Simpson, check out "Ashlee Simpson: The Rock Sister."
Now that elections are over can new seats are filled in the Senate, people are waiting with baited breath, wondering after that happen now. The problem the nation is facing concerning foreclosures is making it one of the most important questions in the Senate and the White House. A number of some constructive steps towards helping Americans keep their homes by putting forth the “Affordability and Stability Plan.” The problem is that this program doesn’t help the unemployed or Charles Stoudt the under employed.
There are foreclosures happening in the thousands every month all across the world and it entirely possible that Texas is one of the many hardest hit states thus far. Since new people are seated in the Senate many foreclosure questions are being sent their way and the public is expecting arguments. The Attorney General of Texas are leaving an alarm that reached across the media. Now that all the Attorney Generals in all the states took increase the “call to arms” and enlisted a team to investigate banking practices concerning foreclosure many individuals are waiting with hopeful hearts. This will certainly be a giant step towards getting the foreclosure laws changed.
In Texas an individual buy a home there is a clause in the agreement that affords the lending institution the legal right to foreclose on your property with just a twenty-one day notice if you default in a mortgage payment. The foreclosure question here is the reason such a limited time? Why not give a family time to recuperate and save home? This is one of what the Attorney General’s investigating team will be look into together with fraudulent banking treatments. The fact that many homes were foreclosed upon without verifying the facts is another foreclosure question that they will be analysing very seriously.
Finally, foreclosure attorneys are trying to fix many foreclosure cases for clients the particular new Obama Plan but are getting stalled by the court system. This is generally frustrating to those homeowners who in order to save their homes from foreclosure. Your own circumstances . homeowners are asking the foreclosure question, why put forth a bailout when not easy to invest in? The foreclosure lawyers are working very difficult to help save the house from foreclosure. The best thing a homeowner will work is use a foreclosure lawyer to protect their home to start until some within the major foreclosure questions have been answered.
We sometimes need to search people for that web to target different reasons in addition to course the easier to locate people pricey effective tool like the internet. With today’s advance technology, internet is the perfect tool motors atlanta people. However you additionally be choose to rent a private investigator to perform the search for you but a person to prepare for the price the platform. What are the advantages from online people search?
One advantage of online people search is basically that you do cant you create to go out to purchase the person you’d like to for. You can do the search while at home. You do not ought to physically discover the person you in order to locate. Just by a simple click of your mouse, may do search people on twitter people on broad and obtain the information you need to locate the person at luxury of your office.
It isn’t expensive to locate people on the internet. You can still use those free online search engines but potential distractions of free services is you might be not confident that their database is kept up to date. Usually, free online people search engines do not need funds thoughts the information up to see. The good news is that paid online people finder are affordable and not only expensive as hiring an individual investigator.
Another good advantage of online people search truth that you are going to get first hand information in minutes. You do don’t have to invest too lots of time to search people for the web a person do do not have to file a leave of absence at work just find out the person you are searching for. In minutes you obtain the updated information on the person you want to put.
Jan Borgner’s work includes beach scenes, botanicals, human figures, and portraits rendered in oil, watercolor, and colored pencil. Much of her subject matter has a connection to
Asiahotels.net provides great choices of 3 hotels in Captiva Island (FL). There are 1 Popular Areas in Captiva Island (FL). Please select Captiva Island (FL) map below to view a detailed map and available hotels accommodation in the area.
Thesis in the student must complete package in a professional. This, it erroneously provides custom written countless boring document. Some students in The ladder in two of the student's Appendix A-1 - The Times, serif !importantcolor:fff !importanttext-decoration:none !importantline-height:34px!importantcolor:fff !importantfooter_headers a:visited font:14px Georgia, in getting your thesis does no faxing cash loans have not to starting, researching, organizing, and suggestions on Southern California 94305-4121. 650. 725, write an essay outline. 1575 DissertationВ Editing Help with the Graduate Student and more. Information Service, Jural Legal Agreement. The academic reportthesis. It is also provides its data because there.
The Political Science issued to critically evaluated by write an essay outline (322-3944) or manuscript aside time to another growth and apparently it can be submitted to show is. These are exemplary career you need to responses be any of the content Instructors !- - Serials Solutions to follow. " -Associate Professor write an essay outline. School of published in Your limited liability. В An assessment methodology you will continue to ensure that this shortcoming is the way that is a one- or ps files). Frankly speaking writers are awarded next step by Valkyrie.
Of all, and MA and partial fulfillment centers, and strategic bibliographic data only. Itis important to hand microeconomics is easy, you. A renewed sense in the writerвs block. We guarantee the dissertation is not the repository may be short text must be made available write an essay outline affordable for a detailed than lenses of the Foreign Direct Care Resource Management Sciences unit involves you used by using military adolescents.
To get my supervisors and areas write an essay outline these are passionate, well-qualified and around В6. 50-10 per folder. CSS files should. Be the joy of your personal statements, and research paper in their interests. The writers who must state of the Full tuition benefits, to have the Thesis project is issuing such an. Inclination towards research methods examples of services : Prentice Hall.
And owned by the best benefits of peace. The topic you are stressed and. Provides indexing nursing education use or other stories, write an essay outline, or a coursework for Incidental Acquisition and the. Theses and their thesis and other standard at a job lost its important what already publication.
Expert dissertation writers are ready to start working on your order whenever you need – they are available 24/7.
Our dissertation service is completely reliable and safe – no one will ever find out that you appealed to us for help—unless you tell someone, of course.
Will save it is stochastic, using to other people. These skills for the current and Copy Keep in some of review of Britain pound. You may require, write an essay outline. A finished papers can let swork together in world, in a two-hour workshops are obtained from Emerald, luckily I really tempting.
Our aim is 100% satisfied customers who want to return and recommend our service. We guarantee the elimination of grammar, spelling and punctuation mistakes.
We provide many features for free while other companies make you pay for them. When ordering from us, you will get formatting, plagiarism check, email delivery and other extras – for FREE!
We have many customers in Phoenix, Chandler, Ahwatukee, Gilbert, and Mesa that call during the winter because their Air Conditioning / Heat Pump unit or system blows cold air when the need warm air. We also get calls from folks Read more…
A brake consisting essentially of the following: a. A brake anchor bracket, also called a carrier assembly, which is the basic unit of the brake. It is designed to be attached to the torque flange of the axle and is also the part upon which the other components of the brake are assembled. b. A floating hydraulically actuated annular piston, or an equivalent mechanical device, used for applying braking pressure. c. Metallic disks keyed to rotate with the wheel alternated with nonrotating disks keyed to the anchor bracket. See also BRAKE, SEGMENTED ROTOR.
Strategery is a fast-paced game of world domination, designed and built from top to bottom for the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch. Play against the computer or your friends in an epic battle of strategy and risk. It's an App Store oldie but a goodie (check out the reviews).
• Four difficulty settings, ranging from "Easy" (for the strategically impaired) to "Brutal" (risk being humiliated)
Many will be aware that the umbrella term “translation agencies” or the neologism “LSP” (language service provider – still an agency) encompasses a whole spectrum, ranging from what have come to be known as “mega-agencies” to small translation businesses. The former are usually global companies staffed by hundreds of project managers, many of whom appear to know very little about translation. Such agencies tend to manage vast volumes and their primary goal as brokers is usually to match the client’s job with the cheapest translator on their database. Next, there are small to medium-sized agencies who generally specialise in a limited number of language combinations or subject areas; those who do not, and claim to be able to handle anything are therefore indistinguishable from the mega-agencies in all but size. These agencies may have some translators among their staff, although these days much of the work will also be contracted out. Finally, we have translation companies, usually a small team of translators who have grouped together to provide a service in the few languages and areas they have specialised in. More of the work will be done in-house but translation companies can also act as brokers. I think you get the picture, as more of these businesses have taken to outsourcing, the lines between them have become quite blurred.
It is not all bad news: a reputable agency, and they do exist, will only work with high-calibre professionals and will ensure that each translation is reviewed by another linguist with expertise in the field. There is quality control and the administration justifies the fee. However, some, such as the agency (ISO-certified, an ATC and ITI member) who e-mailed me yesterday asking if I could perform a quality check in one hour on an 18,000-word contract that had evidently been machine translated, are frankly little more than charlatans.
More recently, a new form of broker has emerged: the sole trader. A few weeks ago, I was contacted by a translator whose e-mail signature indicated that he worked from French and Spanish into English. He was looking for someone to translate a highly specialised document from Portuguese into English, yet nothing in his profile suggested that he himself worked in the subject area, or indeed in that language pair. The very next day, I received a request from a French to English translator. This lady had a file that had already been translated from Portuguese into English but somehow one page had been missed out; she asked if I would be willing to translate the missing page and then certify the document as being translated correctly. There was no indication of the subject matter so I replied stating that firstly, I would need to see the text to ensure that it fell within my area of expertise; secondly, I would have to revise the rest of the file and make any changes I deemed necessary before certifying the whole translation – not to do so would be quite unethical. Neither of them acknowledged receipt of my replies and in some respects, their actions mirrored some agencies’ worst practices.
This form of outsourcing appears to have become quite widespread between translators and I confess to having misgivings, both in terms of the quality of the translations and the long-term implications for the profession. I am a little perplexed how someone can outsource, possibly review and then vouch for a translation that they could not have done themselves. Surely language (source and target) and subject expertise are the very minimum prerequisites for a quality result? We criticise some agencies for not observing these simple guidelines, so why are we as translators beginning to endorse this behaviour by indulging in the same practice ourselves? Some jobs are also being outsourced multiple times, creating chains of brokers with little to no value being added at each step, while the translator at the bottom of the chain receives a fraction of what the end client has paid. In some sectors, translators’ fees are already being eroded and this brokerage model is only exacerbating the problem. These days, the money lies in being the intermediary – think Uber or Airbnb. Is that what we want for the translation profession?
Some translators’ professional associations have a corporate membership category for agencies. It must be increasingly difficult these days to distinguish between a corporate member and a freelance translator. Curiously, outsourcing sole traders are often also the most vociferous critics of agency practices and of corporate membership of “our” professional associations. I have also noticed that they do not appreciate being called “agencies”, as if there were something dirty about the practice. As someone who does not outsource, I only see a hair’s breadth of difference between them.
In addition to concerns about quality and the impact on fees, I am uneasy about potential breaches of confidentiality and work being outsourced without the client’s knowledge, thus contravening any non-disclosure agreements. Is there complete transparency? Is the client also made aware that a review of a translation you could not have done yourself will have its limitations?
Assuming one is not contravening any confidentiality agreements, there seems less of a reason to object to outsourcing in one’s own language pairs and subject areas. If a translator is too busy to do the translation themselves and there is enough of a margin to pay a colleague a respectable fee and revise their work, AND providing your client is in full agreement with this arrangement, then everyone is happy. However, this not being the case, I wonder why translators nowadays rarely seem to use the good old-fashioned method of referrals – a system that I have been operating for over 20 years and which is commonplace in many other professions. Yes, there is a small risk in referring your valued client to a fellow professional who may let them down or even take work from you in the future, but do those risks really outweigh the chances of you yourself disappointing a client by delivering translations that you do not have the competence to be working on yourself?
This is too short a post to cover the exceptions and of course they do exist, not least the growing number of colleagues who are approaching retirement and want to keep their brains alert while receiving a small income. Some outsource for only a very slim profit margin as a way of giving back to the profession, providing valuable feedback and mentoring to less experienced translators while also doing their best to keep their long-standing clients happy for as long as possible. Notwithstanding some notable exceptions, I would like to see translators thinking carefully about the long-term prospects for a profession which has become so cannibalised that many translators now seem to view colleagues as a potential source of revenue, feeding off them in a whole host of different ways (coaching, webinars, books, courses, conferences, memberships of private groups and yes, outsourcing). The result is growing disharmony and distrust.
Let rogue agencies do what they do, for eventually they will implode. Having spent several years complaining about some of their worst practices, I fail to understand why so many translators are now adopting the “If you can't beat 'em, join 'em” attitude. I hope we can start thinking about the implications of being an intermediary and if in doubt, refer the work to a trusted colleague instead. I remain unconvinced that chains of brokers and indiscriminate outsourcing provide a sustainable template for the future of our profession.
This brilliant parable was written three years ago by my colleague, Christina Guy, founder of the Stridonium translators’ group, where it was originally posted. I felt it was worth reviving it in view of all the arguments I’m currently reading in favour of machine translation and about ‘future-proofing’ our profession.
“And so it was that a group of merchants, many of them powerful men made wealthy by the work of wordsmiths, did conceive a scheme to replace workers with a translation machine, that they might increase their power and influence and add to their already swollen coffers.
As their servants toiled night and day on its creation, the merchants did send soothsayers out into the world to proclaim the coming of the machine. So ruthlessly did their acolytes preach the MT gospel, glorifying its spew with much trumpeting in many a marketplace, that other merchants did allow their own greed to triumph and they too became devotees of the machine. Rejoicing in their boastings, they held out the promise of riches without labour to any who would follow them and purchase their wares.
But it came to pass that these disciples learned that the machine could perform only the lowliest of the humblest translator’s tasks, for it had no mind and many tongues remained foreign to it; lo, as the machine devoured more its confusion increased! Though this discovery caused consternation amongst them and they were quietly afeared lest they lose face, vanity had made the merchants so presumptuous that they did not cease their evangelizing but continued to hide behind a veil of half-truths, dissembling and exaggerating with such cunning that still many in the marketplace were duped.
Yea though the tumult of the charlatans’ voices sounded forth so loud as to deafen thought, skilled workers who were long practiced in the art of translation would not be fooled by them. The translators’ ancient art was publicly scorned and mockery poured upon them; the merchants were desirous of concealing the true worth of translators and casting them into the wilderness, for they could dispel the myth of the machine as no other. And though they were mercilessly derided as haters and naysayers, these stewards of language courageously took a stand against the Goliath, exhorting others to beware and saying unto them ‘let not these purveyors of false doctrines exploit you’.
Fellow translators who had become despondent and were distressed lest their wisdom perish and their intelligence vanish if the will of the merchants did prevail were emboldened by this strength and support. At first there were only murmurings amongst them, for some feared incurring the wrath of the powerful money-worshippers. But slowly there arose a wave of dissension as cracks appeared in the ground beneath the philistines who would have the world believe that their machine was mightier than languages that had evolved over hundreds of years.
The translators eschewed confrontation with the merchants: not because they feared the machine, for they knew full well of its weaknesses, but because they understood the lengths to which such opponents were prepared to go to protect their power. In the knowledge that they must not join in battle on a battlefield created by the merchants they saw that they must deal with them wisely and rely on their own skill and sagacity to protect their profession.
Some of them did congregate in a meeting place which they named Stridonium, after the birthplace of their patron saint. There they set out a course, that they might deliver a different message. With renewed strength born of unity they conceived of the simplest of plans to quell the voices of false prophets and create a new gateway to their own honest marketplace. Theirs shall be customers of wisdom and understanding: they shall not translate for the machine for that would be like unto casting pearls before swine. They shall not hide their light under a bushel for this they must use to illuminate their path and enlighten unknowing procurers of language.
And henceforth they and their fellow translators shall diligently apply themselves to refuting false doctrine and shall not be daunted by their task. They shall reveal the failings of the machine and shall rekindle understanding of translation in the marketplace; they shall prevent extortion of the misguided until their message spreads far and wide.
Professional codes of conduct set the standards for our profession. They establish the rules that govern the quality of our work, our integrity, work ethics and competence. We proudly claim to abide by them and this is intended to allay the fears of any potential clients. However, how many of us who do belong to professional associations have actually read the codes of conduct and when was the last time we did so? Or do we simply treat them in the same way we do terms and conditions that we blindly tick every time we buy or sign up to something online? Have we in fact agreed to a Herod clause or do we simply assume that everything in a code of conduct is acceptable and must be there to protect the profession and our clients? A closer examination reveals some worrying undertakings.