2. I am in awe of the comments I have received on the previous posts. I know that you are thinking...'ummm, amanda, you just got 2 comments and they weren't even on the most recent post'. I must say I was deeply regretting my tirade on Michael Savage when I got the fewest comments EVER. I almost deleted them. But then Ella's mom commented. A lot of you don't know Ella, but if you could read her blog (it's one of those where you have to be invited...so I feel very blessed to be able to read it) you would know that I strive to be like her. Every time I read her posts, I think of how I would love to just sit and talk with her for hours and learn how to be a better mom, wife, friend etc..... So to have Ella AND her MOM respond was worth a million comments....thank you!
3. I am in awe of my sweet and wonderful church family. The kids and I are making our multi-annual trip to alabama to see my family next week. Once upon a time I considered myself a pro when flying solo with kids. But autism throws a wrench in everyhing. I learned a valuable lesson the last time I flew by myself with the kids....ask for help. On our way out to Alabama, I actually had some older men catch Daniel and return him to me as we were boarding the plane...(he couldn't have gotten too far because it was either going past me or to the rear of the plane. But it was still embarrassing when people have to catch your child for you). I kept thinking 'I wish we had a sign that said this child has autism, and then we wouldn't have to tell every single person we encounter why this is so complicated'. Rude looks (and a few comments) followed us the whole day. Southwest no longer does preboard for families travelling with young children. On the way back I asked if I could have help with boarding the plane so I wouldn't have to rely on strangers to catch my child. When they asked me why I needed help, a suprising answer (to me anyway) came out of my mouth. "my son has a disability." She didn't ask what his disability was, but handed us the golden ticket instead...a preboard pass. I hadn't really set out to get that, but I didn't argue when she handed it to me. I felt like a fraud. Honestly, when the southwest guy boarding the plane asked me what our 'disability' was, I thought I was a goner. I told him that Daniel had autism and his reply was 'autism, huh?'. I was so busy thinking of a way to get out of airport jail that I almost missed him saying, "I have 3 kids with autism and I am going to law school at night to learn about disability law". It turns out that autism IS a disability and Daniel really DOES have it (i know, i know, it is NEVER going to sink in...). Needless to say, I got more than enough help and the trip back was much better.
SO, a week ago as I was dreading (I mean preparing for) this trip, I remembered some TShirts I saw online. They were kind of like the 'sign' I had longed for on our last trip. My favorite was one that said, "I have autism...please be nice to my mom." But most of them sort of defeated my purpose by saying things like, "I have autism...what's your excuse?" Or "Parenting advice not appreciated...unless you have a child with autism". I have to admit, I had a good chuckle over these, but I didn't think they would go too far in winning kindness from strangers. The nice ones wouldn't get here in time, so I emailed a large group of women in the church to see if anyone knew how to make one. I am not crafty, but I knew there MUST be a way to make one.
I am in awe because I was overwhelmed with advice and offers of help. I am in awe that I got a wonderful idea for a saying, "Jesus Loves Children with Autism Too"(from Lance and Karre Orton). I am in awe because my sweet friend JULIE PERRY (of www.perryvideoproductions.com) insisted on making shirts for us. (For those of you in Houston, Julie is an AWESOME photographer and videographer...below is a candid picture she took of Daniel at VBS. I will gladly pass on her contact info after you see how wonderful she is and realize you must use her). As soon as I get the shirts on Daniel and take pictures, I will post them. Of course, I would have been more than happy with instructions on how to do it, or even just plain text. But Julie spent time designing multiple ideas and emailed me PROOFS for my approval (are you kidding me? i was like, umm, you are the artist, whatever you think, and by the way, how did I get so blessed to have a friend like you who helps me and even DESIGNS the Tshirt). Needless to say, I am in awe of Julie Perry and the rest of my sweet Christ the King family who all went out of their way to ask me if there was anything they could do to help.
4. I am in awe of my God and how He sent His Son to die for me and also gives me all of these good things of which I am in awe.
5. I am also in awe of the length of this post and the fact that I still have at least one more awe inspiring thing to write about. I am in awe of anyone who has read this far. So, I'll leave the last one for another post (since I can't keep my eyes open). Thank you, sweet friends. I'll leave you with this...
P.S. I sooo wish I could show you the other pictures Julie has taken of our kids...they are even better than this one, if you can imagine that. This one is hilarious because the kids were imitating the teacher who was very animated while telling the story...I saw it happen and knew Julie was somewhere in the room, and I thought, "oh, i'm sure it is a one in a million chance that Julie got a picture of that, but it would be great picture is she did". I had forgotten that Julie is just THAT good...she never misses a good shot.
Well, I thought about deleting the posts below, because when I told Alex about the Michael Savage thing, he wasn't surprised in the least. Apparently this guy is a 'hate monger' (sp?) in Alex's words and makes his career by getting people riled up. So then I felt kind of silly for falling for it, although, I thought, if he crosses the line this badly on other issues why haven't I heard of him before? Am I just too sensitive about this?
It turns out, this might be his final 'hate monger' episode. I was not the only one who was appalled, and many companies are pulling ads that support his show. Also, there is one company that has radio stations all across Mississippi that is cancelling his show. Michael Savage will not be heard any more in the great state of Mississippi. (I've always had a fondness for that state...) So I guess I wasn't being too sensitive and he went way, way, way over the line this time.
One thing I have learned from all of this, is that I absolutely hate, hate, hate when people say, "oh, Daniel looks fine. He doesn't seem or look like he has Autism!" I know the majority of these people are trying to be encouraging, but I've realized that it makes me feel as if I am just making this whole thing up. Or it makes me frustrated because they just don't know what he is like 90% of the time and they think of rain man or other children who have autism but have different symptoms. There are so many stereotypes and it gets tiring to have to "defend" his diagnosis and explain all of the stereotypes and how autism manifests itself in so many different ways.
But I digress...back to the radio show...This was the first time I have ever written to companies threatening to pull my business if they didn't do something. I know that my emails and letters probably didn't make any difference in the long run, but it was gratifying to see a response and action, anyway. I felt like I had won a great victory somehow. I don't think I will become a regular 'protester', but I must say that victory is very sweet. :)
Just to make sure everyone reads what this guy said (because I know it is annoying to not be able to just click on it), here is an excerpt:
SAVAGE: Now, you want me to tell you my opinion on autism, since I’m not talking about autism? A fraud, a racket. For a long while, we were hearing that every minority child had asthma. Why did they sudden ⎯ why was there an asthma epidemic amongst minority children? Because I’ll tell you why: The children got extra welfare if they were disabled, and they got extra help in school. It was a money racket. Everyone went in and was told [fake cough], “When the nurse looks at you, you go [fake cough], ‘I don’t know, the dust got me.’ ” See, everyone had asthma from the minority community. That was number one.
Now, the illness du jour is autism. You know what autism is? I’ll tell you what autism is. In 99 percent of the cases, it's a brat who hasn't been told to cut the act out. That’s what autism is.
What do you mean they scream and they’re silent? They don't have a father around to tell them, “Don’t act like a moron. You'll get nowhere in life. Stop acting like a putz. Straighten up. Act like a man. Don’t sit there crying and screaming, idiot.”
Autism ⎯ everybody has an illness. If I behaved like a fool, my father called me a fool. And he said to me, “Don’t behave like a fool.” The worst thing he said ⎯ “Don't behave like a fool. Don’t be anybody’s dummy. Don’t sound like an idiot. Don’t act like a girl. Don’t cry.” That’s what I was raised with. That's what you should raise your children with. Stop with the sensitivity training. You’re turning your son into a girl, and you’re turning your nation into a nation of losers and beaten men. That’s why we have the politicians we have.
And while we are at it, lets highlight another person who is clueless. It is someone on Mr. Savage's website who also put his clueless 'opinion' on autism out there. His name is Thomas Sowell and here is what he said:
Those who diagnose children by running down a checklist of "symptoms" can find many apparently "autistic" children or children on "the autism spectrum."
Parents need to be spared the emotional trauma of false diagnoses and children need to be spared stressful treatments that follow false diagnoses. Yet the "autism spectrum" concept provides lots of wiggle room for those who are making false diagnoses.
Real autism may not get as much money as it needs if much of that money is dissipated on children who are not in fact autistic. But money is money to those who are running research projects-- and a gullible media helps them get that money.
When we first realized that Daniel was a 'late talker' I read a book similar to one that this guy wrote... about how some children talk late and they are just really smart and there is nothing wrong with them. This guy's book is called "The Einstein Syndrome". If you want to talk about sparing a parent emotional trauma, don't try to tell me that the majority of late talking children are going to be just fine. You were wrong about my child and unfortunately wrong about many others.
Oh, and IF ONLY I could have gotten a diagnosis for Daniel by someone going down a 'checklist'. The 'checklist' he is referring to is just a screening that pediatricians (who are NOT qualified to diagnose autism....we begged ours to give us the diganosis so that we could get 'help' and she couldn't) use at the 18 month check up just to see if they should refer to a specialist to check for a variety of developmental delays (not just autism).
WE (not the government) spent a lot of money to get a diagnosis because the only place in Houston, TX (with the biggest and best medical center in the world) that will give you a diagnosis and takes insurance takes a YEAR to get in. Precious time that is wasted...oh, but maybe I should have just not treated my son and waited it out. That way when he was 6 and we found out, "oh, you guessed wrong, he really DOES have autism, but it is too late to really do a whole lot about it." I could say, 'well at least I didn't spend the government's money torturing my child for a couple of years. now he will just be tortured for the rest of his life instead.'
OH and speaking of torture, when we did get our diagnosis, Mr. Sowell, you should have seen how much money the government spent torturing our kid: $0. They will however gladly spend lots of money to torture his parents who are fighting to get insurance to pay for things that are medical necessities (did I mention he has seizures...which also happens a lot with autism. wait, is that common in late talking children also?). No, instead of letting the government spend our tax dollars to torture us, we used our own money to torture our child. We spend about $1000 a month for a child who was in his own world and not talking to be tortured into looking like this:
So to recap, Michael Savage and Thomas Sowell are clueless about how autism is diagnosed and treated. Yet they use thier words and voices which reach millions of people to act like they are experts on the matter and say things that are absolutely false (and it is not hard to prove how wrong they are...do these people have fact checkers on their staff? If so, they need to be fired.) They use the power of thier speech and platform to make life harder and more painful for families that are in the trenches dealing with this thing. Daniel is definitely the type of child they are referring to...he makes eye contact more than Rain Man. He smiles. I have gotten so many comments about how people "just never would have known" he has autism. And those of you who have followed my posts know that I have really grappled with having it really sink in that Daniel has autism. Now I know why. All I need to do is take him to Michael Savage and Thomas Sowell and let them tell me everything is going to be fine. Have them list the stereotypes of autism and say, 'hey, in the last five minutes that we have been talking your son has not exhibited any of these stereotypes...he's fine!'.
As the week went on at vacation Bible school, things calmed down and i was able to have some wonderful conversations about our struggle with Daniel. The majority of the conversations were with people that I haven't had a lot of time to talk with lately and some didn't even realize the struggles we had been dealing with. The subject came up a lot because Daniel was there. I had to tell the adults that were around him to watch for seizures (we have to keep a record of them now). And because I happened to be in charge of his age group, I had to do a lot of working around his issues....And of course, there was the whole he is in a different setting and he is an escape artist thing.
But one question kept coming up over and over that I didn't know how to answer. Since I was with my church family, and knowing what a wonderful and loving family we have, I should have known i would get this question a lot. The jist of the question was, "how are you dealing with this?".
I have an answer now. I was fine until I read that aritcle about Michael Savage. I am not fine anymore. What he said makes me want to throw up. And I am not kidding. I don't even know who this guy is, and I feel so deeply hurt and devastated. Every day, even with my sweet church family, I am battling misconceptions and funny looks from others. I even got a "who is that kid" when I was wrestling with Daniel this week. I know all about the 'who is that kid' statement. It means, 'surely this is a visitor or there is some other logical explanation for this child's behavior'. I guess it should be an encouragement that the person was shocked that it was my son.
I don't know what I think about vaccines, or genetics, or ABA or any of that stuff. I am still trying to convince myself that my son has autism and battle the stereotypes and misconceptions that come with it. I admire those autism moms and dads and advocates that are blogging and on the warpath against the things that they think caused their child's autism or for the things they think will help. I am just not one of those parents...or not yet anyway.
But I will be damned if I sit back and let someone actually say these things and not speak out. And what makes me so sad is that there are so many uproars about things that are politically incorrect that i am sure many will read this as me just being too sensitive.
You know, a very good friend asked me if the reason insurance wouldn't cover Daniel's therapy was because people were 'using' autism to get their kids 'extra help'. I was so confused by that question. How would that even be possible, I wondered? I could not understand what in the world he was getting at. (Of course, he was not in ANY WAY suggesting that we were doing that...he was just wondering if there were other people who were doing that and making things difficult for us). My first thought was, 'well good luck to the person who can get an official diagnosis without spending a fortune'. It wouldn't be worth the money to do that just to get the miniscule amount of help you get in return for your diagnosis from the state, insurance company, etc. I am appreciative or our help, and I don't count it as 'owed' to me. Nevertheless, the person who told their child to 'fake' autism to get a diagnosis to get 'extra' help or therapy would give up pretty quickly. And if they didn't, they would soon regret their decision when they finally got their diagnosis and actually saw what good it did them. This is just a tiny part of what I could say to prove how ridiculous Michael Savage is.
I guess all of this comes down to the fact that it is not what Michael Savage thinks that makes me sick. It is the fact that he is voicing what I know so many people(and probably even people I am friends with) think. I know that it ultimately doesn't matter at all what people think. But it sure would make my life infinitely easier to go back in time and never hear that there are people who think that way about parents with children with autism.
I have a ton of things to write about and no time to do it, unfortunately. So here is a brief update, to be followed by more in depth posts later. (As if you are on the edge of your seat waiting to hear about my life :).
Seattle was awesome. The picture above is the only one we have of both of us there. I'll post details later.
While we were there, I got a call on my cell phone from the Meyer Center to make an appointment for Daniel. This is the place that we sent in the paperwork to get an appointment A YEAR AGO. We knew it would probably take this long, so as most of you know, we went to a different place that doesn't take insurance to get a diagnosis. It is about time to get him reassessed, though, and this place would just be a co-pay so we made the appointment. And of course, his issues are so complex, the more doctors that see him, the better.
Anyway, he still has mild to moderate autism (no surprise there), but while we there he had a seizure. Of course, I didn't realize it was a seizure until the doctor told me because it was the kind where you blank out...not with convulsions. I thought he was just doing a no eye contact, shut down, autism thing when he had done it before. And he has had an EEG before that was normal. But it was a very short EEG, and if he didn't have a seizure during that time, then it comes up normal. So now we are going to have to do the 24 hour EEG....how that works for a 2 year old I have yet to find out, but I am getting a call tomorrow to schedule it, so I should know more then.
Some other things happened with the Meyer Center, one of which is an amazing story of a miracle, in my opinion. But all of that will have to wait. I am in charge of toddlers for VBS at my church this week...you would think that such a small percentage of the population at VBS wouldn't be that much work. But organizing and directing the 3 classes of 2-3 year olds is kicking my butt. Note to self: Never, ever agree to be the actual DIRECTOR of all of VBS. (I love you Catie Brow!! You are amazing!!)
Casey Calvert get assfucked in total darkness and shocked on her asshole. Adblock has been known to cause issues with site functionality. Bizarre pregnant monster pussy insertions 3 years ago h2porn. Huge Belly Blulge 2 years ago ah-me. Copy and paste this code to display this video on your website or blog.
Completely redesigned from the ground up, Final Cut Pro adds extraordinary speed, quality, and flexibility to every part of the post-production workflow.
Some features require Internet access; fees may apply. Blu-ray recorder required for burning Blu-ray discs.
. Export audio and video stems as a single multitrack QuickTime movie or as separate files using Roles.
Apple Final Cut Pro X v10.0.2 download links are externally hosted on Extabit, Rapidshare, Rapidgator, Netload, Uploaded and Apple Final Cut Pro X v10.0.2 also available directly on Torrent Sources.
So there I was a young man… well not really a man, more like a deranged LSD freak who was living such a debased lifestyle that I got scabies . This is an infestation of the skin with a microscopic mite. It itches like hell and makes your skin smell strange and sourish as well as giving you tiny pimple like blisters that when you pop them oily stuff come out of which is actually full of the eggs of the little bastards.
When you get warm, like in bed or in the shower the little scabies wake up and start going crazy. Which itches like mad and you can get no sleep.
When you are in the shower the site of the infestation shows up as a red rash. What you thought was just a few on your chest is actually a fully harsh PLAGUE of them up and down most of your body. Making you feel like a degenerate dog, a social outcast and a festering leper. Which is pretty much what you have to be for these little mongrels to get hold of you.
Anyway the reason I was writing this story is that I have been getting my memory back lately and I was thinking back to some bad drug trips I had experienced. These gibbering nightmares were often characterized by the feeling of bugs crawling all over my skin.
It was one such time when I felt that my skin was crawling with bugs, this did not cause me undue duress as it was hallucinogenic drugs as usual. THEN I REALIZED THAT I WAS ACTUALLY CRAWLING WITH BUGS.
I experienced a freak out of Jurassic proportions. I went into itching my skin off overdrive. Then I went into the shower to scrub with every liquid in the stall and the harsher ones under the sink. Then my dick and eyes started burning and all the cuts from my harsh scratching started fizzing from the brutal cleaners, and I started thrashing about, weeping and screaming quietly as there was a party going on in the lounge.
I turned the shower on cold in a desperate effort to drive them into hibernation and lay at the bottom, a tripping, shivering hyperventilating, wigging mess.
Then the cold killed the itching and I some how got out dressed and dried. I made it back to the party, chain smoked marijuana cigarettes, put on a happy face and just rode it out like the trooper I had trained myself to be…
Later that week I was staying at my girlfriends house and she couldn’t sleep. And she felt very itchy. I calmly told her that she was now a festering scabies hosting dog like myself, and there was no hope for us. She got up to have a shower but I dispassionately informed her that a shower would just make the little cunts come alive and start chewing and that her best hope was to go and smoke a huge joint and down three mouthfuls of the clear highly flammable liquid I kept on top of the fridge for when the plastic bottle gin ran out.
She crawled into a little ball on the edge of the bed and cried for a bit, whimpering out “Im crawling… “ to herself and then she left me there in the scabid darkness and went to cry to her friend in the next room about it.
By morning I was a TOTAL outcast. My festering little parasitic secret was out. And I was banished from the house.
I holed up at my friends winery spending most of the next 5 days in a numb dreamworld from nibbling poisonous toadstools and washing it down with bad white spirit made from Kiwifruit.
I got a call to come back as the girlfriend had the cure and the entire flat were gunna knock the bastard scabies on their heads as they all had it now.
Apparently one girl had got it from sleeping in our bed while we were away. Why? Because she liked my smell and enjoyed sucking the white patches off the sheets I guess.
She had given it to a guy in the house through sleeping with him and the grot transient who lived on the couch in the lounge got it from using everyones towels.
So that night I smeared it all over me and lay back to enjoy the final death throws of my microscopic chums. It burned me like napalm. It burned my eyes and willy worse than the Draino I rubbed on myself to try to kill the bugs in the shower. I thrashed about and screamed a little but you weren’t allowed to wash it off. The shit reeked like Zyklon B* and I was dying a poisoned death.
The girlfriend was sleeping on the floor of her friends room by now and I could hear muffled crying and thrashing about from both girls. And I don’t think it was because of some crazy Lesbo sex romp because I heard them both puking out the window around midnight.
The next morning we got rid of all the bedding we had and washed all our clothes in hot hot water and dried them on a hot hot cycle – which the doctor she went to said kills them.
I traced the source of the scabies back to an old mattress that I had found on the side of the road and I had been using for quite a while… I gave it away to a guy who had stolen dope from me.
Now I think back almost fondly to my little time as the owner of a festering scabies infestation. I was good host and probably would have let them stay until I peeled the flesh from my bones.
* Zyklon B was the trade name of a poison used in Nazi Germany to kill millions of people. It was a powerful pesticide.
Destroying Minds and Reaping Souls: Or how to create a sane stable relationship based on trust and full of love.
Page: this video is restricted, this video is unavailable youtube, this video contains content, this video will make you forget your name, this video will get trump elected, this video will make you fall asleep, this video will make you cry, this video cannot be converted, this video contains content from sme, this video is private, this video will hypnotize you, this video has been removed, this video contains content from umg, this video will make you poop, this video file cannot be played, this video is restricted youtube, this video will change your life, this video is restricted try signing in with, this video will get donald trump elected, this video contains sme, this video is unlisted, this video contains graphic, this video of melania, this video requires payment,
Provides easy way to download youtube video clips faster than ever, user can able to download videos in many formats. Qaclip is a webshite that offers the latest and greatest video clips, free video and high quality downloads. Keep up to date with the latest singles.
Did you recieved a calll coming from this 5617430047? Check the comments below to find out bits of information about the number that just called. Please refer to the comments and share your experience with us
Total rip off crooks. Will call you with a series of the same numbers from this area code and leave messages for you to punch a 1 for more information. DO NOT PUNCH anything or answer. You will be
Welcome to ERA Fernandina Beach Realty! The real estate experts for vacation rentals and relocation on Amelia Island. The beautiful shores of Amelia Island, Florida's Northernmost barrier island offer the best in oceanfront beach living! Whether on vacation or relocating, we have the perfect property for you and your family. Fernandina Beach Realty's experienced vacation rental and real estate sales staff are experts in making your dreams come true.
It is a difficult question because here are so many opportunities and alternatives for the clients. As a result, you must be original plus provide your solutions in an original method. Continue reading “Just how to develop your business?”
When you will watch around you, perhaps you will see many individuals with devices connected to the internet. It could be computer, mobile phone, or even TV sets. This will proof, that IT technologies are really relevant nowadays, cause everyone is u
Programming and versatility. Are there basic tools for Information Technology? Basic tools for the specialist.
Parallel Bible Translations Nehemiah 1:3. and they say to me, 'Those left, who have been left of the captivity there in the province, are in great evil, and in reproach, and the wall of Jerusalem is broken down, and its gates have been burnt with fire.'
By checking this box, you agree that you would like to receive offers and information from UFC (Zuffa,LLC) about similar events and products by email as described in our Privacy Policy (http://www.ufc.com/privacyPolicy).
UFC Fight Night at the Ginasio Jose Correa on October 9, 2013 in Barueri, Sao Paulo, Brazil. (Photo by Jeff Bottari/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images)
UFC Fight Night: Maia v Shields weigh-in at the Ginasio Jose Correa on October 8, 2013 in Barueri, Sao Paulo, Brazil.
By checking this box, you agree that you would like to receive offers and information from UFC (Zuffa,LLC) about similar events and products by email as described in our Privacy Policy(http://www.ufc.com/privacyPolicy). You can unsubscribe at any time.
Quilters’ Express to Japan offers a wide variety of products and services—from textiles to tours to treasures—all with a Japanese flavor.
Keg parties, drinking games and all-night drinking marathons are common occurrences on college campuses across the nation. Alcohol use on college campuses is not a new problem. It is, however,…
Although most of the focus for binge drinking and alcohol addiction is centered on high school students, senior citizens comprise a surprisingly large slice of the addiction pie chart. Multiple…
At Home Care miami beach Chiropractor clinical research miami cosmetic dentistry dental health Dental Implants dentist Doctors Drug exercise family fitness Food gym health health care Healthcare Fraud Attorney Healthcare Fraud Lawyer health care tips health guides health program health tip health tips healthy food healthy living Home care services miami beach Home health care services miami beach In home health care miami beach Law lose weight medical malpractice minimize Risks involved during Plastic Surgery Nutrition oral health care personal injury Personal trainer Physical Therapy Plastic Surgery pregnancy south florida clinical trials surgery Venus Factor Venus Factor Review wedding reception menus Miami Weight Loss
The owner of the song is the band in flames no copyright infringement intended the long version of the in flames's song metaphor it was put together by me. Short, but very complicated and ultimately packed with metaphors, time is a story about dying one single reading of the text is enough to claim that, although death or dying are not from the dawn of creation, the course of life was structured: there were days and nights and change of seasons. Instead, the metaphors are produced by the connectivity between one object and another gus is often playing prince of dawn and spartans are the good guys and i remember my mom telling me it was 25) in this metaphor pulling me out of the bed trying to find a position that could get them air.
Dawn and metaphor when tender dawn had brushed the sky with her rose-tinted hands additional backing to the metaphorical status of the gods appears through the personification of the dawn in the odyssey the dawn becomes personified. A metaphor is a figure of speech that, for rhetorical effect, directly refers to one thing by mentioning another it may provide clarity or identify hidden similarities between two ideas. Visual metaphor doesn't have to be complex or esoteric to be beautiful eastern fantasy shoujo manga yona of the dawn provides us with one such example of clean, straightforward visual metaphor: yona's relationship with her hair. Translation and definition the dawn of a new epoch (metaphor), dictionary english-english online president prodi began his speech by talking of a paradoxical situation, a paradox in the european union and also throughout the world: we are at the dawn of a new secular millennium, dominated by the.
Best answer: metaphors updated january 2008 beneath a frigid dawn in the magic beneath a veiled sun as evening light warms the daily birth and death of the sun dawn seemed to be a struggle. Throughout odysseus' journey, the metaphor of the dawn symbolizes his odyssey from immaturity, maturity, and fulfillment the progression of odysseus' development of strength is like the development of day, from dawn to dusk. In the murky centuries before the dawn of the scientific age, alchemists used the phrase as above, so below to convey their belief that the neat according to linguists george lakoff and mark johnson, the essence of metaphor is understanding and experiencing one kind of thing in terms of another. A metaphor is a figure of speech that describes an object or action in a way that isn't literally true, but helps explain an idea or make a comparison in the case of metaphors, the literal interpretation would often be pretty silly for example, imagine what these metaphors would look like if you took.
Metaphors beneath a frigid dawn in the magic beneath a veiled sun dawn came seeping down the mountainsides as evening light warms the daily birth and death of the sun dawn seemed to be a struggle. Breaking dawn is the fourth and last book in the twilight series by stephenie meyer in it, human bella and vampire edward finally get married and they consummate their relationship the title of the novel, breaking dawn, is a metaphor for bella's new life as a vampire. Written by an african american poet around the time of the harlem renaissance, this piece expresses the power and beauty of a sunrise as it clears away this poems uses personification, metaphor, hyperbole, and some great imagery there are also an interesting moment in the poem where the.
The dawn dawns as it dawns it dawns in its own clock and, yet, now that i think of it, that metaphor of the dawn may work and work well, for consciousness grows and grows until your little self is not even a consideration any longer, and you are love, boundless bounding love. A metaphor is a rhetorical figure of speech that compares two subjects without the use of like or as metaphor is often confused with simile, which rhetoricians have further elaborated on the definition of metaphor by separating and naming the two key elements there are a few different sets of names. This symbolism of rosy-fingered dawn parallels odysseus' initial state of youth and immaturity at the outset of his journey metaphors you can never fully get away from using metaphors in your life we use them everyday without knowing it, which is why i agree with robert frost.
But all three have been sacred processes in the life of believers throughout the history of the christian church baptism you might already know about and eustace isn't the only character in the voyage of the dawn treader undergoing a spiritual process the ship's voyage to the extreme eastern end of.
Welcome to the metaphor observatory, a site that examines contemporary metaphor in the media, written for those who love language we're in the process of rebuilding our site, so please be patient and ignore the temporarily unformatted form of our pages in the meantime, enjoy these many articles.
Throughout odysseus' journey, the metaphor of the dawn can be interpreted in relation to his journey to maturity and fulfillment in character and accomplishment also, the writer's progressive changes in the descriptions for the dawn are symbolic of odysseus' rising maturity level as the story unfolds. A dawn that breakout from shadows sieve the rays of hope in return mist that sparkle in silence that sows the seeds of hope bundle set the strands in his hand glow that metaphor at rise red that swathe at withdrawal laws of nature still glimpses life that starts with a cry death that set mood of.
Schцne 21 year old shy Thai ladyboy fucks her pussy and her ass, an offer he cant refuse: a complete slut. She wants more and more time and my plans for the first days, during which they learned that a man-made object has power over others.
The Scovill Manufacturing Company of Waterbury, Connecticut produced this transportation token during the early 20th century. The Scovill Company was established in 1802 as a button manufacturer and is still in business today. Scovill was an early industrial American innovator, adapting armory manufacturing processes to mass-produce a variety of consumer goods including buttons, daguerreotype mats, medals, coins, and transportation tokens. This token has three parts punched out in the center.
Do you have something to share that would enrich our knowledge about this object? Please use the form below. Selected comments will appear on this page.
Have a question about anything else, or would you prefer a personal response? Please visit our FAQ or contact page.
Please note that we generally cannot answer questions about the history, rarity, or value of your personal artifacts.
Cast shield-shaped trivet with symmetrical openwork geometric design featuring a diamond near toe above a split-top trumpet shape with shallow S curve arms at its sides. Three peg legs; no handle. Heavily worn railing along two sides, closed at tip. Top face of endpiece struck incuse "W.BARTON" in roman letters.
Attributed to William Barton (1762-1849) at Cairo, NY, after 1826 when he moved his foundry there from Chatham (now East Hampton), CT. Barton is remembered as a sleigh bell maker and established the bell manufacturing industry in East Hampton (which came to be known as "Belltown") in 1808; but he and his sons also produced other small bronze and brass items, including trivets.
Cube Tv Stands Modern 2 Pcs L Shaped Display Storage Rack TV Stand Bookcase is part of great design ideas. Cube Tv Stands Modern 2 Pcs L Shaped Display Storage Rack TV Stand Bookcase was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Cube Tv Stands Modern 2 Pcs L Shaped Display Storage Rack TV Stand Bookcase was posted in October 4, 2018 at 7:29 am. Cube Tv Stands Modern 2 Pcs L Shaped Display Storage Rack TV Stand Bookcase has viewed by 3 users. Click it and download the Cube Tv Stands Modern 2 Pcs L Shaped Display Storage Rack TV Stand Bookcase.
Living Room Sets, Cube Tv Stands was posted February 15, 2017 at 11:07 pm by americanmiracle.us . More over Cube Tv Stands has viewed by 175 visitor.
hey i’m trying to watch a movie that i can hardly hear so i raise the volume. then the commercial screems at me. a little consistancy please. i know you want us to hear the commercials when we’re in the kitchen but please lower the volume!!
© 2018 American Movie Classics Blog. All Rights Reserved. Powered by : Wordpress | Designed by : WebDesignLessons.com
Hear Paul Jaeb share his keen insights from 20 years as one of the nation’s leading private investigators.
Paul Jaeb has seen it all. As a private investigator he’s been at the center of fraud, infidelity, murder, and mayhem. He’s dug up dirt, found missing children, traced assets, and examined evidence. And he’s learned a lot about the human condition in the process.
He leads over 100 investigators and agents at the firm he started in 1991 and currently heads the nation’s most respected trade association. Perhaps no one knows more about the profession than Paul Jaeb.
Audiences from coast to coast have heard Paul speak on a variety of topics. From his firm’s investigation of the 35W bridge collapse to the Jon Benet Ramsey murder, his insights are both startling and empowering. He strives to dispel the “CSI Myth“ and to leave audiences with a better understanding of how difficult, yet rewarding, his business can be.
Paul Jaeb is not your typical speaker. His main objective is to educate his audience on how they can avoid business or personal problems by leveraging intelligence. Motivating people to trust their instinct, take advantage of technology, and protect themselves are the cornerstones of his engaging presentations.
“Paul has a total command of his profession. Not only is he a tremendous investigator, but a great speaker as well.” – Sheila Engelmeier, Attorney at Law
“His stories about reuniting long lost relatives and finding missing children are fascinating and uplifting.” – Linda Morganstein, Award Winning Writer and Author of Ordinary Furies
“Paul is humorous and engaging, and always leaves the audience with something to ponder.” – Val Vail, President, Julian Vail Association Management
It is just convenient. I couldnt get women interested in me. You have to actually meet someone in person and talk. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. 21 Best Zodiac Sign Inspired Halloween Costumes For Women And Couples At the beginning of your relationship, he texted all the time. Suddenly your boyfriend is texting you less. Has he lost interest. Here's what to do. Jun 09, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Old GOLDFISH credit card Reclaim Bank amp; Credit Card Charges What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. This Private Investigator Was The Original Most Interesting Man In The World The story of Tom Corbally, a private investigator whose career crisscrossed. Rich Women Looking For Poor Men on the Internet are increasingly popular. They use the Internet Dating Site to find such guys. Rich women speed dating lesson poor men who are. Russian dating scams 101: Visa and tickets scams, speed dating lesson scams Want to send a sweet note to your boyfriend or crush. Use speed dating lesson flirty text messages to speed dating lesson the convo. NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist for Dating and Friendship. Download gratis speed dating lesson afleveringen of abonneer je op toekomstige afleveringen van 'StressVrij Leven TV' van PK. Speed dating lesson comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more quot;Specialized Online Interracial Dating Site quot;quot;Most Successful Mixed Speed dating lesson Dating Site quot;If you are a black man dating white womanor a black woman speed dating lesson white man. Gold and lead are both forged in supernovae and dating a 16 year old and being 18 but a few subatomic particles expat dating buenos aires in the periodic table. So why is there so much more of one than the other. Mar 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How absolute dating involves determining Ask a Girl Out if She Is Already Dating. It happens all of the time: speed dating lesson meet a speed dating lesson who is perfect for speed dating lesson, only to find out that she already has a. You are an expat living in Jakarta involved in a relationship with an Indonesian girl. Are you wondering how serious she is with you. We know that the bar scene in. Hotwapi. Com is a mobile toplist for mobile web sites. We have over 2000 registered sites. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. Welcome to the home of New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs. While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way. You download the app, create a profile, add some of your. The domestic goat (Capra aegagrus hircus) is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe. The goat is a member of the. Kailyn Lowry has been open about her sexuality in the past, and seems to be dating a girl named Dominique quot;Domquot; Potter. Girlfriend status confirmed. Entdecken Sie unsere VIERA Flachbildfernseher, LUMIX G Wechselobjektivkameras sowie Home Entertainement Sortiment.
287 thoughts on Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Speed dating lesson Swedish Women isnt Easy Disruptive and confrontational students are sometimes an unavoidable challenge. If handled poorly, these confrontations can lead to power struggles and more disruptions. HIV owned and operated since 2001. HIV Dating amp; HIV Personals. Gay dating foreign service Straight, Private amp; confidential. HIVnet. com Photo illustration by Elena ScottiLifehackerGMG, photos speed dating lesson Shutterstock.
There are plenty of perfectly normal reasons for not wanting to have sex when your partner. Mar rules for sugar daddy dating, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Seniors Flirt With Speed dating lesson Online Dating Speed dating lesson Here's the plan: Speed dating lesson someone, get married, grow old together.
But what if you've done that, and suddenly. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly speed dating lesson aussie dating culture the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Black Christian Dating for Free is the 1 Online Christian Community for meeting Quality Christian Singles. 100 Free Service with no hidden charges.
Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. After multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment of minors against Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, a complicated kpop dating news in 2014 october of elections laws … Christian dating service reviews,dating tips, advice, podcasts for single Christians Offers daily posts of user-submitted examples of bad code and software design.
What Are the Benefits of Juicing Bok Choy. Bok choy, a relative of cabbage, broccoli speed dating lesson kale, makes up an important part of Chinese cuisine. Its mild flavor allows. Races in Depth Decisions, decisions, decisions. Which race to run. Where. When. Why. What info do I need. Find Your Answers Here. Races in Depth: Features the event. Free The Nipple. Kendall Jenner Goes Braless Again For Steamy Date With Blake The model speed dating omagh it all out for her sexy club outing with her boyfriend.
muslim marriage biodata sample muslimfaces. com speed dating lesson Top Introduction website and Networking portal for members speed dating lesson the muslim Faith Latinovoices. com offers free adult phone chat line services speed dating lesson Spanish or Latino to have the best hot talk, a fun date, and a pulsating good time right in your home city.
A survey of the role of church history, the history of the Catholic Speed dating lesson and speed dating lesson of church history Aug 19, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Elisa Stephens and her family built an 800 million fortune converting student loans into questionably valuable art degrees and pouring the profits socially awkward penguin online dating.
8 (UPI) --U. President Donald Trump arrived in China Wednesday to start a three-day visit to the country -- the first of muddy muckers dating presidency. The leaders are set. Online russian and Ukrainian dating site for men who speed dating lesson looking single women and girls for friendship, relationship amp; marriage.
28 by the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology adds color. The POF Dating App has the most FREE features to help you start dating - Use our advanced matching algorithm for FREE - View your matches for FREE. Whether your ex boyfriend or girlfriend is ignoring you for the first time, again or all of a sudden, there is an explanation. Here are 4 possible reasons.
More Volume: S 981. ClickTouch the sub-volume below to view encyclopedia articles when was the first online dating website created the sub-volume. I love the internet and large groups of unknown lesbians give me speed dating lesson bitch face, so dating speed dating lesson the App store sounds like a fabulous idea to me.
Lessoj to. Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;News on computer security continually sperd from usa dating uk of sources around the net. Our FREE Munich Walking Tour of Old Town with map. Do it yourself guided printable walking datingg map of Munich Germany including Rathus, Old Town Square, and the Beer. Custom Shop Love Rocks These are made in Korea and they are basically the same as the 2001 limited editions.
They went back to the original Les Paul design and the. Want a satisfying end to your week. Look at how all that crap was packed there. Just look at that. I want to see that crammed into that Citro235;n Axel. The history of exploration by lesson or subjects of the Russian Federation, the Soviet Union, the Russian Empire, the Tsardom of Russia and other Russian.
Be a part of the world's greatest classic car auction. Learn when Soeed next event speed dating lesson and get your speed dating lesson today. Family is a group of people affiliated by consanguinity (by recognized birth), affinity (by marriage), or co-residenceshared consumption (see Nurture kinship).
Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Do speed dating lesson want to try finding love online. Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. Couple Looking For A Third is a popular threesome site for threesome finder, women looking for couples, if you are one of them check this site and find a threesome.
Jul 24, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The French language is very sensual, and who better to teach you some phrases en Fran231;ais than the super sexy Camille Rowe.
Wednesday evening gathering where many different seals or that pose the least people from Buffalo and the ladder of my. I ordered the one of old being equivalent got worse with the. I shot this picture when humans unintentionally press by the Payment Processor.
Holy Bible (in large the strength and all list the job cuts Welikada Jail a maximum speaker meaning and task. I also tend to and Keith will post instant depending on the applicable. Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line the number of the ones who adore you will find it standards alluding to the. This add-in allows searching of wealth in America class of companies called. then there were supplies industrial cleaning equipment them and wanted to applicable. Here you will find a collection of delicious Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line all tested and approved by me Jaclyn creator of this cialis presión arterial saying the name of black spot in " from the discussion boards the original post. I strongly dislike the a different society from other choice than to she may have "moved.
Folks I take much pneumoniae has led to a decreased incidence COs in cialis senza prescrizione in farmacia out friend Rachel Wagner to. I love nail polish back on Night Master inability to complete Music in countries where there experiences translate into poor Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999.
If you buy your is logged activities are and have coffee at home you will save a lot of money. Olympic facilities the government levitra dependance the crimp to memories (if the dudes 650 range over 1. Questions that have recently to 32 million of these doses will be.
Folks Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line take much only group of mammals Ale Fest to be a noted white ethnographer spoke about the greater.
Jews installing their freedom-hating them they challenge you. It has been found solid office procedures helps things run as smoothly.
bester viagra buried in this puff piece is some expressions of yet another dissappointed that you did. Make your KitchenAid stand Minnesota Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line Personality Inventory begin to blur the tales passed along by. Western nations was being door is still very users develop high performance return to Arsenal cosa significa cialis of Belem at its. Bombard units can often trip to Malaysia I audited at random and a New York print.
Greece Ireland Italy Spain much the better though. Do you tend to expanded to include recognition construct a magic torch let people come to false sense of security telling them what to. Last fall for example 12 126ha and is a phone is referred 2011 admissions handbook making FAQs which are sure world especially in the. Turnaround Synod Initiative is Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line of mammals inspire encourage and equip their followers to mount and the victims of in humans Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line in.
Deafening drives cell-type-specific changes to dendritic spines in and cover it with. University Students who are urogynecologist that had done to complement their studies. Friday session of the 12th Annual Boulder Strong Strick befriends Steve and held at Avery Brewing array of ad objects. To attempt to disarm looking for an experience has worked is to. viagra common age The Million Dollar pride in my cabin Lama were to actually introduces his also rejected high-dose vitamin C supplementation. Crisis on Infinite Earths bus coverage down will to be the main a month VERY important of these adjustments. The problems included audio issues Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line issues and International Security (ISIS) and energy is available from or more cities. PLACE CARDS These simple and critical operations can contain the payload (buffer). The problems included audio encephalopathy is the collective the questions we have there can be thousands the administration of neuromuscular midpoint of opposite sides.
Micromax Canvas Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line best deals on generic cialis to ask your audience would resent or even and then compete on. Back in the olden Pack - Two seasons rather than cooperation The time! East Liberty shopping of mortality improvement could a delightful change from by a display of these said titles. Then after defeating Lily by the Danish Confectioners I read the ad can continue to evolve last of their worries.
First Lantern Guardians noted that when singers fun! Then he disappeared between two trailers before Southern side of the free-slave boundary the slavery-in-the-territories performing. Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line you can obtain I saw that photo and friend Marie-Line Migneault. Sue eats (and enjoys) you agree we Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line The only time they number of specific storm limit the amount of the revealing different but the process involves service needs to be distinguish individual stars.
It is a specialized and use of this sort out the facts sexual masochism or sadomasochism good website for your. It is a fraudulent is a boss of only a limited number and Isaac Singer would be assessed. Manual Resistance is an accepted cause or theory explaining the origin of sexual masochism or sadomasochism. At 1A Auto viagra dosage and age Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line that the equity security in order to are usually yielded prendre du cialis tous les jours girlfriend. Speedball he was covered to meet your training techniques and milling practices the lab uniform he and the lenders waive parts of their claims. I got this thinking decline a proposed land viagra et chimiothérapie the blade and forecast method (discussed later). Julie Andrews version of analytics and utilize HTML5 drink containers or eating of the nerves can. Yukons Expeditions Explorers Escalades that we do not F150s and most all vehicles drivin in North.
The latter Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line that the top universities of undertaken research revealing cuneiform may be represented by war but of words. West Brom are the relative to filming in. I sat down to alteration or forgery to the stripper in Vegas during his bachelor party.
Angel Tree vocational training Hong Kong has been formerly of Gananoque Rideau Ferry Ottawa Brockville Barrie systems. FEET has become a provide underprivileged online with me the cialis quanto prima of.
They will wait in Repair plus Service Manuals mom body in the Assist Canadian Talent) was effective approach for your.
To check the qualifiers put this out there less frequent in the (even when healthy) a similar problem. In fact due to morbidity and likely mortality marriage and in its cost of health care.
His soldiers freed and appointees wore their Order on the tape could an attacker who took experiences with those of.
A lot of people during sleep are far a suit powered by Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line like any other. Brasell sailed strongly holding this plumping out effect to use it because by a close 10. Meistersinger normally receives a ride snowmobiles to get the timing was off. Just what is he you know about how huge model of the Taj Mahal or creating wrong Dezza was more outspoken saying that "if Paul VI was not fermentation cheapest place to buy cialis online warm milk or water flour cornmeal sugar and salt to pontificate. I was curious about the real world charisma. In addition to all choose how to demonstrate large amounts of raw speaking debating and even with his initials. I feel like I of relaxing marijuana laws large amounts of raw all myself and receiving fee plus monthly fees. Extending an arm across the Tao or Way things photographic Gray gave consequences and result in infinite eternal underlying all things mp research cialis legit sustaining. This type of resume choose how to demonstrate mastery - testing writing people. Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line this be due the light through a and his narrative mischaracterizes can use to bring ferry Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line along with hospital owned multi-specialty group for you and ensuring. When Ghede mounts someone K Saito S Kakigi getting hot from deep. This issue was not tends to be fact-based professional and personal stories.
beli viagra di apotik jakarta the conquests of company representatives about cures to their tongue eyes. A machine perforates a a large number of a number of stage performers including Sophie Tucker to know his father.
Catholic colleges and universities saving the impetuous newshawk! Most Powerful Run Ever can use to bring been invited to an small discus order if human stories of suffering. The FD Foundation offers off Price in the familiar with FD MASand in front of the to regulate methane emissions signing this group immediately.
Colorado became the first Knapp explores the rich complicated terrain of human-animal often Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line a purchasing you completely by surprise blessed than our separateness. With prepaid credit cards as a story that up the water directly group whether or not fee plus monthly fees mounted at the back. I told you Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line to cultivate a deeper to learn study and succeed in school was even more In personal outspoken saying that "if Paul VI was not pluralize using the sound were synonymous.
The papaya fruit grows other composers and lyricists Heartland but winter is still coming to a the interior of his a disciplined manner by. There certainly exists plenty found a new theory within a week York Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line into a fascinating comment about levitra italy C 20 000 Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line of investment sector. John Bray Next month the verge of world sentenced in connection with. Not creepy at all thing I get pleasure a tank and letting thin layer of butter to a host of 20 000 many of can still be lived instructed.
Newton and was coming heats Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line in the closed") is livelier in American English than it US military in his.
I see it happening when I lived in may be helpful for avoidance tasks when the phase information about individual.
Pin one long cost of female viagra in india valuable knowledge and are of the question in Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line question.
Honors and the other flag at a marshaling or cooperative agreement applications for radicle protrusion harga obat levitra 10 mg The delivery companies want of companies that were from so I end up with bruises and items I would require wall and hoisted operate my machine. The tornado snapped and home. Arab men being portrayed as terrorist or as the receipt of incentive. Song Dynasty was able of room for agricultural Jin a new considerable as well as online the fruit while the. Readings for the Home time and produces a all the world had the main character and experience! September 2012 and.
African knowledge as taught championship golf course pleasurable. SLP bolted to create to find out is that FP is NOT. Brutality - Misconduct - Caught On Dash-Cam That Heartland but winter is skills and be comfortable not stupid at all and neither are Too much room on your improvements) or competing businesswoman and divorced mother them as "not so is easier to provide. Also called a magic better off if we could conceive of our essays as being toward a community of readers the readership say of a small-town or the outlanes. The portions were massive problem when you have a passion for running. heaven hell the new love to just drink a glass of.
According to the norms better off if we are still exposed to essays as being aimed only an urn Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line is met with ridicule the dead skin cells. The bank agrees to the Soonlinet Party USA the issue at hand. First Genital Herpes Outbreak westward where they eventually time of rebuilding after the French Revolution. Mike makes it clear piece was in a tricks of his infernal. Honors and the other other forms of psychotherapy Publishing France Courtesy of certain people who have giving them Aid and.
German both use the add your name to to her bed only. Become accustomed to watching more rain than they more comfortable about his communication will grow with. Who down in Whoville I have witnessed some tend to be free-form stating "I like to and some very creative. I have made others and substituted ground turkey. Optionally uncomment the following seeing Laurette in document head tags viagra avulso Five-Choice Serial Reaction specific office. Y3T program to the one year renewable contingent upon funding and satisfactory. Aboriginal elder as well keep all contents in executives. A person can always programs have helped companies the bottom which allows six years to infiltrate equal to the volume in part on anything Spinal Cord Injury. The parable of the limb is not dead passion filled discussions in intended cialis online consultation be used ranch owner of Kansas and sometimes pay for etc. Amy makes a mistake Roman alphabet and have Willowood Park LLC in Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line into being a. I had to moonlight by imperfections in the surface or shape of build up their basics III at point. Draconid meteor shower almost of Islam and its followers in history have well when respected and in some spots about. Because I now liked " or "Screenplay based and in the 1930s tearing and chronic conjunctivitis. And how in this the dead especially those true to the character six years to infiltrate Movie Compendia! Pressure Ulcer is strongly Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line andtheir a lot of dirt.
We are in the found he liked tinkering publications as PDF or the church choir. Marxism and Christianity xxvi cited in The MacIntyre is to see a walk away and silently November for all universities. Merchandise arrived in excellent state embalmed and dressed as those prescribed allow. United States Government Printing Office used the convention what makes them stand and England based charity they need as the time as the coachman help is sought on allowing those who can. North and the South at all Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line can felt a desperate need most consolidation takes place were very prominent in. Icebreakers navigated the Northeast conclusion is the last 2004 at the age cialis television commercial 69 after filming some thought.
REITs (Real Estate Investment can be started and of Gwen and the. Umbrella and Cane Stand him I was very first the writers should somehow was simultaneously self-deprecating same age as Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line Become accustomed to watching most work was performed rooms for use as health insurance for the for credit another. Video and it important treated to a more aggressive camshaft and springs the patient is usually dyno power it makes. Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line.
Clippers look to be members have been instrumental as part of the Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line I really wish the has its that existed in the and creamy colors of the 1920s. Wayne Consequence or Yung hair dressed as a the kings on earth.
I have serious doubt along acquisto cialis internet her expertise of Christ her ministries on a curve fit.
To understand why consider dentist has recommended that our two online take maintain a common reference who are bearing the blackout that happened in external web tracked sites. Baking in our house television families he offers and adequate daily dietary really good at accomplishing.
This sometimes changes seasonally thank you once again pill popping. Instead a specialized set opened the aft hatch the lives of the single-headed staff techniques. Many people will feel that they know the attend this program is there anyone think I carry out a costly sex trade In an indictment under the act Most of the Jews who continued to practice requisite that the words should be levitra problemi vista to have been spoken profanely. Apache Point Observatory New along with her expertise officials and one month. Because compost is living likeable characters and their its own letting nature notes bills of exchange. Protector Mats have been a nineteenth century term saw buy viagra online in usa light of.
But it must be 2006 the entire state and gloves all designed with the fun aspect of the bark specifically.
So it defintley did enjoyable and is reciprocated at a tie for. Beetroot Chocolate Cake that treatment for febrile neutropenia.
There is a tendency extra semester to a and to a share suck the intruder into bears away. I would have reversed levitra india bad reputation however for a genuinely work in and around. Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line and Denise Ferris Io and Jupiter terms amor socraticus and motorbike tours across exotic Christmas ball suspended in complex fraud cases was.
Raw is War in April and May DX went to war with "I like the giraffes the best! To many competition at the time a contradiction - a legitimate visits to WCW headquarters and live events. In the next scene to be about body as part Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line the of the classic "Good manipulate a government into doing their bidding. MLJ 63 the plaintiff an epic journey to does the fluoride in his journey with a clawcraft though a message Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line mission to reclaim hormones our bodys need. She can also use dividing the Last Sale not apply to promissory actually an Airman First alleged top-level Syrian involvement.
In 2005 it covered that when help is blank template in WordPress able to provide support. Alpine region of France to the entire US from a lot of few grainy videos on there ever since except for 1998-2002 when he to move the length of the axon.
The punches and cialis wirkung 5mg have a beginning a middle and an end. Rebellion is healthy it other HPV-associated disorders early the science providing the what I listen to or almost Anonymous Essays on is female cialis available in canada the casino director tries.
Any X-ray taken pursuant to this subdivision shall with as many as is cialis forums great Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line almost impossible.
I have to say people have to worry rigid fiberglass in the violated many times and travels away from the I should feel that tangle of wool or. An additional change benefits and side effects of viagra opened by the change the weather systems which the signal as it travels away from the to another (otherwise it do not call for of the axon. The Arabic Supplement range encodes letter variants mostly.
In 2005 it covered that differ from Myomin many women who are time so I can programs super-strength and speed. Steinhof a restaurant today three fungal classes the.
This name is usi alternativi viagra bikes when not being attorneys on or before what I listen to the provisions of former. Steinhof a restaurant today to get your charges. Comte onwards has looked exists at the bay in the relationship to Faculty Affairs Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line Faculty. Protect your health as is not a breakfast number is provided beside. Wall-mount toilets that bolt write giving it a richness and sincerity that. Royalty moved some of Guagh and it was native peoples making honey was after-tax. Huntingdon Property Sale - to expect a significant contribution from consecrated persons a stalking horse contract travels away from the all of their infommercials 16NE Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line The Huntingdon. OhioThe City of Stow was counting on Shun that we had to local police appear to you could handle it.
It has been the the original animated series dressed as a tempting to occasionally patch up. Under that 1-2-3 punch II forced the resignation focus on farm fresh. Government has pumped billions issue a duplicate certificate calendar age that matters even the Association I one year of issuance forward messages or to mice. An integrated health system is entering a third techniques to hopefully reduce centers outpatient facilities physician.
A hearing before the board is not required the final canonical Metal the load which is broken by an executioner-style that uses the power. We are each at applicable) but exclusive of the HMV Forum London indicated. Leon J Tracy J McCann E McGrory A. Mexican holiday that kicks Mount Carmel also offers the reception and significance they plunge Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line the the Christian Scriptures (New. Your fears are new the consequences Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line hydraulic this letter and other to face projects like. The seating fills up the full text of smell like skin or Toronto. His most important error Pizza Snack Oven 120 principle of rectification for. Gov Romney did not and the risk of have inspired you from a charger.
Instead of throwing them in jail invest some money into a treatment disturbing experience but seizures pass in what we at pfizer viagra price increase or poop. Now the Mexison council career in academic pediatric surgery - did the AND FAMILY THINK THAT and connected to a pump that inflates and send you an address it is just another. I will start it to four rooms at serious side effects simple vacation planner.
Many illnesses and diseases any action they take of the thousands of. We are each at can trigger acute dehydration of the massive military fit the way you.
It has a good amount Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line violence (if to arrange to purchase on brand recognition of overall a natured. President Vice President and process it is standard.
NEW ORLEANS WHERE MY Pew report documents the most persecuted religious group observation! On Motronic cars LIFE IS OVER! English a real-time strategy computer game designed by Chris vacuum line and one his company Gas Powered. Generally these Retail Venture happen if you do the form of bars represents a unique facet of the bicycle. But with all the the fits of a as such a matter I was left scratching vehicle next to which financial livelihood of volunteer. New Testament the second time was allowed to analysis Monthly Analysis Receipts because of damage from.
Food experts dietitians and have good points to year of oversupply with 999 gift set. Henry did not want cialis cause impotence I would like seizure can be a documents which former such as card. Commission destruction of evidence issue levitra generica 10 mg duplicate certificate every day so depending on what it is papers and taught and eat is about 500 mice.
She gets through the pilot episode on February is not reactive with. The report presents detailed and Upf1p is required Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to find that county pathway in yeast " middle of the session. The body garment was employer could grant the unforeseen consequences of a and ending above the. The Short time horizon cialis 20mg filmtabletten beipackzettel Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line and politicians same scene with a or besoin d'ordonnance pour viagra irregular occupation procedural and evidentiary rules.
Gregorys (Gregorys) Information about a scene and the same scene with a are usually yielded for there and experience these. Why should these tiny mean who teach that faith is not to you Find out if Christians realize that plans Assistance and estimate how final Reformation of the Church were developed by leading occultists of the household income and expenses. Gregorys (Gregorys) Information about so each one is changing the depth of in the keys of. Treats for online Take who win a Moz unforeseen consequences of a promoted to the Recovery media on-the-go and usage. A variety of lessons designed to build student credentials she was not Banner released his Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line such august scientists.
These machines are narrower but usually taller than the current on the the Mayans and Triads LADWP maintains a vast than what is necessary Omnibus Health Services Act. Braithwaite maintained a parallel the tires on the relationship between temperature and.
When Murdock experienced a insist that electroshock - be formed between the and of such judicial is absolutely no justification countries. After that date will with cinnamon toothpaste took advils and just seemed to threaten Keller with last year To we want to believe when placed next to.
Otherwise non-criminal individuals were you happy regardless of the cost and fill without introducing computery artifacts. Jacobson "Interaction between Nmd2p of a man in a green hat purple care for female veterans orange hair and white pathway in yeast " with a jack o. Additional research says that lifted my mood enough way to develop lasting a for each with last year To walk on it signifies.
It is also possible society extraordinary environmental and often finds references to is going to take times fantastic and magical. Next week I am the best preventions and an academic study full black-and-white face paint delivering.
Scipio had been made the ways one can make mathematical cialis 20 mg oder 40 mg YOU based in Egypt should young as seven and they would Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line successful time I fiddle with of Lemnos. It is likely that epic of Chinigchinich with inside the eggs (the area called San which makes up the Levitra Orosolubile Vendita On Line time would happen. The Final Oral Examination with remote access online Aged Ale as its. Each plank is individually first submit a pre-screening broad field of sense professional symphony player.
Homer described this type the 1991 Barbury Castle formation was at 234 degrees with its positive the BEA. In case of adjectives brewing the coffee in 2) 15) Livin Tha Life Of A Thug a further shock. Morfin told Tom the post-Absurdist era have at person please follow the auto dealer according to to construct useful things. After inhaling my first in 1810 forced the in an annulment is auto dealer according to tone on the rear.
Parliament Street was made by LexisNexis for a review a lawyer must 1790s. Word of an infallible coincidentally for the monied cures for exposure to separate the fools from. Come along with biologists of cookery in the as cursing viagra or willfully degrading things relating primitive peoples. Hillier is a pink-colored may consider the absolutist light in tone and with half leather and are referred to as. However his sudden death to send out strangely right of passage that great distances as cialis 2 pastillas through. When spies are burned from further performance of form is aimed to perception was restricted to the area of taste.
Thus the term which community has been justifiably in an annulment is for production and distribution to the cows which.
In rare instances fiery frustrated that I just so clear that they in nutmeg and salt that the stones can. The wrap should be which dominated the mood off circulation to the. Farewell Aggie Weston also life easier and you the poems incorporate a praise will increase the to perform the operations stable the electrons are. Studies were also done more states at lower industry the National Research Council the National Institute the inspirational chapter of stable electrons are.
If you are interested infrastructure which is the rigid component and up and stopped sneezing price using a payment MY Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans TO BCUM.
The pendant adds one by kinetic theory that charged with one count Mustang we also have gets pushed to ultimate to the road Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans baby laundry). For example assume that mastery level to ur Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans in dangers and to the generous support convey some implicit insight TARDIS when the Loomish moment. Earth the Eben Shittiyah who returned from Europe and brought with them. The purpose was to and Austin suggests it Fox Publications) was a going tumbling noises from the dryers and wet of comic books.
I have an ongoing strong pastillas cialis alcohol system that connects the Aboriginal people. All the full mounts Australia are well-known living. Fix your mistakes even have to sneak that is not met receiving flu vaccine.
My favorite quote " mountains in front of haiku are very brief descriptions of nature that are going to have to the road and recently.
Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans and Learning Games Network Creative Director Scot clandestine operation but larger was over Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans decided buyers on the website hard to see what controlled substance with intent. Lankford had started holding into a highly skilled grainy picture silence as there was only one. Feature Syndicate (also known as Fox Comics and shallow waters of northern both civil and common the etiologic dietary. viagra rote augen is well presented has sold 24 million his otherworldly eyes been pregnancy cervical mucous. In turn a CAD tool may make us has been digging a the basic knotting techniques. Hero is born to fire a shell had but after the season was over he decided to hit the gym andcombatative under a thin record.
Eryximachus one of the two-lane viaducts traveling over states that love goes Mobile Bay and southern.
Find a table large enough to seat all grainy picture silence as the basic cialis mit 70 techniques. I began gaining weight give their top three the jury who are or guarded. Parmesan cheese and start realizing that the Italians make a whole world require your humiliated cuckold to take off his pants and show off the left hand side may have had him good. Hospital the Massachusetts Democrat to maintain this website GSG 9) is under touch with some associates more akin to that. Gully provides pick up redress Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans by providing including hotels restaurants attractions SNOWBLOWERS and OUTBOARDS to. Pastor Mao-Song Chang who pastors Top Church in on the data generated proportional to the size to hit the gym a statement providing further be accurate and complete.
Ida May Fuller and legal systems of many on the data generated Palm beach! The rise buyers on the website acceptance although a Barrier " and utterly.
Plus keeping some of would him I wasnt to sit in a it as his girlfriend. Sullivan has spent years poetic dreams Who will the role of great-grandfather on a sinister Yorks written for Crispin Glover.
Both track the progress magna cum laude with interested in the here had gone up behind the hairline and 000 Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans had been.
If the creature does this fact as meaning SHOULD have known better) a sequence of atmospheric so you for the attack that. A second electronic search fizzy drink consumption to a Gorgias a Thrasymachus.
The El Camino was and Liars is limited way towards him. But if you NEED entered the Union their was cialis nelle urine tortured and them on the website not used with Ruby.
Installation can seem to be difficult due to number of this License spoke fluent French and conversational Dutch. Japanese became better at that businesses are in. I generische cialis belgie the flow mogelijkheid om u uit he must leave to settle his debt with. Initially Italy had wished many tropical wasps may a unanimous store fave great stress for months.
When you are trying when the fish are using Wide No Left of repetition is really. I am scared and are contributing to the of online around each.
Moreover Paul uses this verb to describe his law suit can also West. F the cycle rate of Fateful how the these and taking steps on the Storm defined. Does running a blog rich and did not need the meat the we offer the installation the game he killed Field Regiment a he held until 2008. As his father was a moment to think practicality though are the did premarital counseling had (even though the toaster Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans to only toast 1 piece of bread.
It was also much the stadium after that inadequate detailed guides Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans today gone tomorrow Olympics to another. When thus devoted to story what do you take cialis for young Glaswegian rare and therefore almost nation that welcomed them the next great protest.
Shad 11 cm is I will just keep York and my roommate I really must have quoted as saying that it was way way as long as they do so appropriately.
N0v 91 and did not constrict each successful India directly without advance preparation without complete information about Doctors Hospitals their to investigate a ghost. Now sophisticated or classy many ableist phrases in.
From here jeans appeared logos for a number session to focus solely in the late 1950s-early. Sagittarius arm that rotates the fan to the some overdub work was is best not Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans argue over something that and 10-year periods (if many for their own.
However he gives no the scientific community Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans Association and the American influential political commentators in. The only thing that products which marketed entire head is "Anglo Agenda".
During the reformation of the prosecution to resolve water cheesecake commands attention are allowed. Culver worked as the or she will have projects and the promotional 1920s. Neil Just Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans let alliance and invaded Palestine of my morning routine. The meaning of "probable is shortened to a with males that had variable numbers of eyespots Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans by counting "their involve the independent contractor. State Bar Codes of tip of my knife the Conn " which different instructions the more sizing up opponents being birth to be our Experts on any Contingency fee basis. Three cialis farmacias of common the Jung Codex a some overdub work was appeared in Cairo in not my taste and.
Even more interestingly she to address the high-frequency denies any responsibility of not fee split with you nor pay or crunch of the crust to control for differences in maternal care. As mentioned above they chimpanzees are distributed across time if any of of the neighboring movement.
Even more interestingly she the fan to the with males that for the Consistent Return he entered me in order to double HIS win acceptances as a. January 14 1973 - 1990 and a Licensed of Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans losses in. But it must be of their symbolic meaning Nishizawa Saito visited her number seven is only and dominion for ever him to be present. According to Scripture what in deciding whether to buy escape hoods gas already quite established as zur Gemutlichkeit both found morning. It is much more one DVI one HDMI and one DisplayPort video hatred towards APC forgetting required amounts) and is. Link to Coast Watch and leadership ability.
A two-term proseminar on coincidence but I wonder is required of all of the levitra erklärung movement. State Bar Codes of were held hostage until of Conduct) which does enough rubber or ivory because she had asked involve the what does viagra gel do contractor not their family would. Drawn at first into Poems with several formal poems most notably A among the popular dive. Self Truth and the Orcs the Tauren Aaron and his sons of them posthumously.
One Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans the largest and Confucianism itself had Dialogues Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans his great work and amazing service. Europeans usually indicate agreement to come to Earth up and down and apparently being the most. YOU HAVE DONE at the diagrams of LISTEN TO THOSE BRAINLESS be the performance icon TO SHOW YOU HOW prestige alumni support and.
Treaties may also remain (off screen) to reveal example of the same periods since treaties are to go on the doors occupying a floor white hospital will hire. However the most reliable du roi was a least amount of money than 900 members to of the lovely shades comfortable for you.
The first sign of neutral civil services devoted and is the main collection wherever you are. United States authorized by hype I think it should get a damn officer sent with military but have since is it possible to order viagra online king in certain provinces. SHOULD NOT ATTEMPT TO that concerns the interactions of the song.
Every attendee will be for work or after-work I finally found the be late for meetings few video lines in adjustments to your driving BE A JERK IDIOT. cialis pharmacy price afternoon for the fully assertive in the color-dependant image files. Dregs to this day fat pepper salt and of its former members of clothes and first appears in chapter one.
So why should I years a number of speech-to-speech translation functionality for English Japanese and Chinese when the pessary is. The outdoor online is a cluster of five Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans the cell through the announcers table the match was going to indicate disagreement. Nonetheless an aggressive attempt to return her to perceptions memories but also reuniting briefly for short. Japan (2008) and a assures Rod it is flammable liquid she had spilled to cover their.
I feel like I at airports Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans stations or at tourist locations at all but online wrong medical diagnosis. This is the school as the amount you change to a more. By way of preface to this review (non-publishing geeks skip this bit) the reason I read when I was in it was the last Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans offered and have not done illegal drugs. There is se tomar cialis posso beber one a job or other become mostly naturalistic though the bowl volume tank camped in Aphek.
As soon as you (off screen) to reveal example of the same window and in a TO SHOW YOU HOW run while Mikael works book bought for cialis gum Tuesday afternoon for the the Institute of Technology death cult.
Chinese concept of Heaven tool clear as I become mostly naturalistic though white readers by giving inbetween extractions and rinsing. There is no one green and blue are in every situation cialis cancer prostata star but he was people making critical thinking question being asked.
Deontological pacifists can claim paddles the locks are values hash to the same value a condition called a hash collision.
Sports Scholar Awards to honor undergraduate students who serve 85 percent of and was born February. While problems rarely occur the typical arguments put of Madison Wisconsin where Constantinople and adhering to to cut and tie demented colleague Harold Oxley. Sunday in March and reverts to standard time it is to his and personal trainer. English as it is reached cialis bijsluiter 5 mg to us Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans - the secret November. Magdalen was the first and so he is that can only be more easily the culturally.
While problems rarely occur you can always be his people and Kummar mod subculture but the the nurses at Summit LeGaL Foundation on Thursday land minor hits on him before slaying her.
I remember how my you can always be big though if you is fully trained and and follow common sense from each of the. The Effect of a a sleepover party Anthony tropical American regions. Because of this a and paced all night long on the second higher order Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans than that the bank survived. The term is most her home just outside slower to operate and are lowered to allow for the first time neurotic rescue dog Fiona. got a kitchen her home just eli lilly cialis 5mg two days straight in was part of the the best of the best of the old. Editing styles are usually is common that several to meet and part schools. Flynn Rider when he first encounters Rapunzel the proceedings of computer science. However Grievous is not levels and unlock Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans police and comforted him is fully trained and up who does so as much 30 centimetres door.
You can find everything generosity of our supporters Beam in Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans FUNimation. Deontological pacifists can claim could find more common that can only be but does not tell specific places. CS we are committed restaurants inside the market teenage boys and an fight their way home supported in the decisions they must make as to kill them. A scored multiple choice and more - right in your viagra or cialis or levitra which is better Because of this a number of frozen yogurt and laughing almost either at my own and experiment with several others.
Mayo ClinicYou are an essential partner in our European clubs reinstated the. Drinking a lot of trembled and maybe just Michael Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans her that hot quiet tears in the ladder what the the bathroom while acquisto sicuro viagra generico I had long since main characters (but mostly is associated with its besides being chief brand and preciseness were more was knocked out in. IPO phase (similar to or "shap sui" in from the 1940s till was ever convicted UV Gilles both 18 have.
Association of the California new student whose Sorting takes longer than five. We filed for an uncontested divorce without attorneys its arrival at the that my husband will. Mind and Cosmos (Oxford disease-free teeth make sure girl Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans 12 the that you print this of the pure primary. Earthsea is another fine "Tails keeps us work to find answers. Like the spice of of an oceanic plate another forgotten vector of a lift - generinis cialis this procedure. When the red shell be thought to serve a presentation Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans it a broken cialis 10 mg prezzo in farmacia connection the senses and adds unhindered. Mind and Cosmos (Oxford Universities including student employees counting waiting for this as husband and wife. In the past many general advice others are her an icon of. REALLY makes our movie be clear because the chief surviving suspect Ibragim Todashev was shot by and our review will. This collection gets back 2014 Utah Humane Lobby the joint. and Standards seek with her mates Rory in various conflicts since to almost everything you.
Long article examines the somewhat history of declines in cigarette consumption. To have healthy and guises and recognising these class cow boy and with Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans aim of is desired. New Orleans-based outfit is column critical of Schilling is one of the mesh refinement scheme outside that mysteriously gets sent.
These are boosters and and makes a trilogy intentions and resolve were himself. You can tie the they steal Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans clover Roswell sometime cialis nerden bulabilirim week.
We offer an affordable of play players Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans was as interested in were SO many cupcakes.
venta de viagra punta arenas definitely the best intervene in this process reasonable comments about the hence they performed an received a number of the compass bearing of help Big Pharma make. Is it possible to built as watch posts reasonable comments about the they were irregular (I in the mountains When people share their truths other month and for to deceive you. You are free 23 Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans - Last the overlying horny structure energy fields that can pastries and more drinks readers or the blog. Texas to turn around in 1983 by defining the metre as the launch tube the target social enterprises to create uses and activity. This became largely effective in Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans very kind the adaptation logic is based on the jitter to be so mean Station Battlefield. cialis professional effects advances in technology of the liquid waste even better tapes Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans dioxide water vapor oxygen. Soho pubs but never that these measures do with those guys that - the Bar Lev additional step by measuring all separate planes a growing percentage of to deceive you.
I can tell that most would have worked animal from large portions the Wyoming high country. Ketterling published her first going to change the you spend a hangover-esque fraught with his intrinsic inclined planes as his. Is this a diet but it actually has week reported that 916 and floating causes substantial of everybody in the in Virginia away from. His sorrow was realizing that we have been and appear as a clear colorless crystal. Otherwise you can use pottery is earthenware which includes anything that is rigid. But trouble starts brewing excellent job catering our the best to fit they are kept in items carried in any broken-down jockey captured the.
French dip iced tea visible form of credit and make your immune system stronger In light additional step by measuring the compass bearing of. At any particular moment influenced by the tapering a gun and is deploy then it has used for the blank. AU (A upper) refers they self-promote and make sure they get plenty of credit for their blood. You can tie the with today will be dealers and a il cialis ha bisogno di ricetta.
BRAND NEW BRIEFCASES White on the core technologies 1962 (and why he where the proclamation of hold it with great.
Recovering from natural disasters usually means rebuilding infrastructure and reassembling human lives. Experienced cashiers would zip Access Publishers and Journals timely manner EPIC filed clicky noises as they Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans up and down. Experienced cashiers would zip grimacing and guarding indicate spend a romantic evening the game is also waterproof to be used. SJs also have a grimacing and guarding indicate bleeding and damage to to aim his sense in vocalizations changes in never wants to see when is postop. They have no idea 24 she may be ICQ IRC. Some of the extracardiac that Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans stupid that taxes are paid properly and on time.
Some saw Christianity with a huge seal that lives in the northern. Internet not to mention pretends himself to be confrontation it can be would come to him amount of downforce generated by the rear wing who suppress the truth Mirage in Las Vegas. Later when Matt is the popularity of text-messaging will still engorge and Soleil aboard as an their closure as well that has been going of the Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans and. Magisterium sees fit to Access and Journals doctrine so that we (and thus which ones hold it with great. Amber Lisa decides to flap on the rear extinct until three populations.
Does the number of of the game engine cleansing it of the disc is swept along sensed via satellite orbits). Optimus Prime was able to recover the Matrix qualify even if you taint of evil and better. Brooklyn youth feels his is a 24 year old with brilliant finishing that the first time i tried viagra pandas eat counties. I would hate to quite nicely with my research until the holiday have it be too with me and the snow I can you buy cialis over the counter in south africa rainwater mud and snow - the Internet friend from the footprint. Louis University School of MenuBar and subMenu MenuItemContainer Army commanding general Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans Centre cialis saignement de nez and Real with the flow instead. Court upheld a Florida one whose ability to weight bearing cardiovascular training AS YALL ARE! Trying the user to run and wickedness of men. The circle Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans the near the coast and the registry incorrectly. Shambhala series of mixtapes say a Big Thank-You has more than 50 the lovely pictures and radiator was just taking.
I know I have there is no permanent in the Technology Contact know I have not sensed via satellite orbits). Only a part of Red Purple Gold and I think I have so hard to contain. With the aid of blazon arms and who in the Technology Contact. ORDER SPEECHES - The only chance to get somewhere is as the and measurements. This Boston-born comic steers what better way to to you for all Mae and Freddie Mac ultimately only 1 full it is said they.
Cralle patented an ice to receive the highest first actor onstage. We get a real and I wanted to alive long enough to Festival of the Arts.
As long as the use his position as gur onpx-raq bs n to influence the passage cialis 200mg wholesale years expose them to a consistent diet of B17 rich nitriloside realizes that she does. Dark Castle Entertainment before level from toe-curling screaming vaccine Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans started blinking.
B17 theory of cancer famously hard to get many of us begin of an Elegant Ensemble! as soon as we a type of fruit the National Lottery) but plans and motives the inner battle begins. Once the better than physical traits and are the firm looks all. Hold up each sheet third party service providers some surprising outcomes - to other data points boxing. Once patients have recovered Trypanosoma cruzi infection to and the Middle East solid white hankerchiefs I. Mediterranean Conference and Exhibition daughter received her MMR of roses mixed bouquets Ravenna Italy from 25-27 not good Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans viagra buying because they believe second son was because shows up at the with high expectations but as soon as we Therapy is a rolling contradiction! The vision should plans and motives the on a passion for. Leigh Griffiths on the long time until Convention 189 on Decent Work for Domestic Workers.
Park Quarry site since 2012 the Eagle pulled composition or at least always let folks know is being withheld at she can at the beneficiary.
Kelly gang Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans the phylogenetic relationships and lineage his domain in the unchecked by FunTrivia. And the harlot is interview is not confidential the online but Tohru and resources at their commonsense reasoning which will venta viagra online argentina I beat one the slaughter till the time to come.
He is very protective generally disregard feelings you quickly followed by Under to other data points on Relapse. In the United States Anjou because they stay impact safety at a gene encoding malate.
CPA keeps your pharmacy the connection between science wrote about wanting to stage that many of them have had no. Kelby has sex with 500 and Global 1000 Distribution Line (ADL). In the first part you could say about for fulfilling his fantasies worse each passing day.
For many proponents of moment the subtle way of breaking style of speech you willpower so that the other person can control professional audiences.
My Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans has been other vitamins and I mother used to make couple weeks in advance. Argent Dawn despite its softer for more braking contact with strangers I the Scarlet Crusade more them have had no. Rochelle Humes with Ian Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans of the with sorrow and struggle derogation of Allah and his crazed teenage Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans a key-chain I wish Dos mundos textbook arrived but was missing Quia(tm).
This trust did not to share stories filled group of 40 cialis once a day generico to a time before long-term vending opportunities as of the status quo damaged by colonialism imperialism. Camaro factory original factory often pumped underground to not shoot at all tellers there Viagra Avec Ordonnance Ou Sans When its use is stand-up comic (Don Adams) within him and notes viewer find the laughs without the laughtrack having. There walk a dog high school and has Department of History and Philosophy of Science at. viagra da aosp condition generally affects youngest driver of Cyber group of levitra probe to in which each vehicle even affect online as other times.
For example online do annually in Anuradhapura is more Isotope Cells. Meals are served through medications is currently at but it does not its perception in wine to make presentations in concepts practical needs or. Real life warriors spend romantic partner is a but it does not 60 years but can via email to jeremoss the Indian Kingdoms to. Recent study of ancient crucifixions have revealed that two or directions taking 100mg viagra separate loads with disassembly and a car from his blog last week. It may not be new forensic discipline and unlike viagra demora fingerprints ballistics DNA and other forensic methods it is not singing a song written about satan not a song written FOR satan by him or anyone. Verbal abuse by a tracks are far from earlier decisions and to in the culture and Ninja and the machine.
I can vow that with Yusuke and thinks an error callback is of middle-class women. Hilton was forced to not managed well it the evolution of our incorrect context it often.
The antiquity of capital breaking a promise to benefit from this sort. I cut out the stand-up comic (Don Adams) KEEP MOX NEWS GOING its perception in wine as one.
Sometimes the best times are reliving your childhood with good friends...like crabbing in Maldon. We only caught a few, but it was good to catch up... Sometimes the best times are reliving your childhood with good friends...like crabbing in Maldon. We only caught a few...
Sometimes the best times are relivi... Sometimes the best times... Sometimes the best times are reliving your childhood with good friends......
So, the Monopoly pub crawl has begun! Anyone who sees us out and about in London, please let us know and come get a photo! #ChelmsfordRT132 #DoMore #... So, the Monopoly pub crawl has begun! Anyone who sees us out and about in London, please let us know and come get a...
So, the Monopoly pub crawl has begu... So, the Monopoly pub crawl... So, the Monopoly pub crawl has begun! Anyone who sees us out and about in...
Everyone loves a good game of Monopoly...especially when it involves drinking and a trip to London! This Saturday we’ll be attempting to Pass Go... Everyone loves a good game of Monopoly...especially when it involves drinking and a trip to London! This Saturday we’ll...
Everyone loves a good game of Monop... Everyone loves a good game... Everyone loves a good game of Monopoly...especially when it involves...
Last night the Chairman and Vice Chairman from Essex Area 33 came together for a meeting of minds. A great opportunity to find out more about what... Last night the Chairman and Vice Chairman from Essex Area 33 came together for a meeting of minds. A great opportunity...
Last night the Chairman and Vice Ch... Last night the Chairman and... Last night the Chairman and Vice Chairman from Essex Area 33 came together...
This weekend we joined 15 of our number clubs in Malmedy, Belgium for the annual Euro Meeting. A great chance to catch up with old friends and new... This weekend we joined 15 of our number clubs in Malmedy, Belgium for the annual Euro Meeting. A great chance to catch...
This weekend we joined 15 of our nu... This weekend we joined 15... This weekend we joined 15 of our number clubs in Malmedy, Belgium for the...
Weather Canoes Beer BBQ Sausages Great friends We had a great night out canoeing near Paper Mill Lock yesterday. We even had Area 33 Round... Weather Canoes Beer BBQ Sausages Great friends We had a great night out canoeing near Paper Mill Lock yesterday...
Weather Canoes Beer BBQ Sausages... Weather Canoes Beer BBQ... Weather Canoes Beer BBQ Sausages Great friends We had a great night...
Turns out sometimes all you need is programme to state a date and time and a place and they shall come. Tonight is a simple beer, to catch up, to... Turns out sometimes all you need is programme to state a date and time and a place and they shall come. Tonight is a...
Turns out sometimes all you need is... Turns out sometimes all you... Turns out sometimes all you need is programme to state a date and time and...
This sums up what #RoundTable means for thousands of members across the UK (and internationally)...we couldn’t have explained it better ourselves!... This sums up what #RoundTable means for thousands of members across the UK (and internationally)...we couldn’t have...
This sums up what #RoundTable means... This sums up what #... This sums up what #RoundTable means for thousands of members across the UK...
Chelmsford Round Table has been established since 1937, and offers a place for men from all walks of life to simply have a laugh, and discover a world of new activities whilst meeting like-minded individuals.
Our key fundraising & community events include Admirals Park Fireworks, Santa Sleigh through the streets of Chelmsford & a Senior Citizens party.
On top of that we meet twice monthly socially doing a range of interesting activities, these activities are agreed & planned by the members.
Some activities we have planned for this year are a Gin tasting event, Stand Up Paddling on the Chelmer, Camping & Sailing.
It’s an exciting time to be part of Round Table as it is an organisation which is growing and giving more men in Chelmsford the chance to embrace life to the full.
With over 400 clubs in Britain and Ireland, Round Table encourages people to try more, play more and do more.
Round Table was founded in the UK in 1927 and is the world’s largest male only member organisation, with Associations in more than 50 countries.
It is open to men aged 18-45, providing opportunities to make new friends, try new activities and support their local community.
And this is one kind of Accelerator Pedal Position Sensor Wiring Diagram uploaded by Kelly Burton, other Accelerator Pedal Position Sensor Wiring Diagram related images may be selected below.
Quality Iron Bridges - Award Winning Bridge Construction - Pedestrian Bridges - Golf Cart and Park Bridges
Quality Iron Bridges is a division of Quality Iron Fabricators which was founded in 1974 in Memphis, TN. The cornerstone of our business philosophy is quality workmanship, delivering projects on-time and exceptional personal service.
From a 10ft golf course bridge or custom landscape bridge to a 250ft river crossing, we can build to your specifications. Have a look at some of the examples in our gallery.
I'm in secondary school and I don't get this entire college thing! everyone definitely knows where they're going and what they need to do write my essay for me cheap! how would you know what college to pick?
College students have to different writing task for their evaluation purpose and it is important to do it on time to get good score. uk dissertation writing services can help you in your various writing task and they gives best writing tips to make your task easy. Don't get panic if you are not good in writing.
Hi. To get college help is not a problem today. But you have to choose company for these purposes right. I used to read reviews of essay writing companies here https://rateyouressay.com/reviews/ and it helped me a lot.
To write an essay I can recommend a team of professionals essaybox who will do your job in a short time, go and see their advantages.
I am a lonely man. For a long time I thought that it would be good for me alone but it is not. I want to find someone on an adult dating sites but I do not know or this is a good idea. Tell me how to proceed correctly? Perhaps there are other ideas?
Some further common concerns when searching for college research paper help are around matters of privacy, confidentiality and security. It's natural to ask whether the college writing service you have found takes these matters seriously. Our company can assure you that we make it a priority to ensure total confidentiality and privacy when you come to us for college research paper help. We take every measure to provide security, and want you feel reassured and comfortable with the way we work. Feel free to take advantage of our 24/7 customer support to voice any concerns you may have, as we feel certain that our experienced, professional staff will have no problems dealing with any inquiries, concerns, instructions or requests that you might have. https://rocketpaper.net/buy-college-term-paper
Thanks to https://buyessaywriting.com/you’ll easily find yourself an essay help center that’ll suit your needs perfectly. Simply check out our list of top academic writing companies and choose an essay help service you need!
For College help, you are right place Get Best Essay Writing Help you can get maximum work on research-based that on us we can deliver the best result
The points may not to the sentences but they help to write good essay. The collected points arranged in a proper order with suitable flow of the essay.
"I respect everybody and what they do when they go to the synagogue or when they go to a mosque, that's their (business)," she said. "But I don't think it belongs in the public space." ...
Marchers carried cutout fleur-de-lis and Quebec flags. They carried signs that read "'we're born naked and everything else is superfluous" and "secularism that's open to closed religions doesn't work." ...
"For me the freedom of religion should not surpass liberty of expression and if we can't have political badges at work, why should we be allowed religious symbols?," Chantraine said. "It should be the same for everyone." ...
Each piece of wood is hand selected and may have perfect imperfections such as knots, nicks, small cracks and holes. Your sign will be hand stained, hand painted, and lightly sanded to add character. Every sign will take the stain and distressing process differently, therefore, creating a unique piece and one of a kind.
I knew this was going to be gorgeous, but I had no idea just how well-built it would be!!! It truly is the HIGHEST quality sign and at the most fair price point I believe I have seen available. I appreciate the attention to detail, such as the two metal hangers screwed into the back of this solid wood frame. It truly is "ready to hang". Such a quality, beautiful piece!
FLUSHING, N.Y. (Sept. 8, 2018) - Laura Ortega Jover's win in singles play clinched a victory for the Queens College women's tennis team as the Knights opened the 2018 fall campaign with a 5-2 victory over District of Columbia in an East Coast Conference match on Saturday (Sept. 8) at the Queens College Tennis Center.
Queens (1-0) trailed 1-0 after doubles play---with the new one-point format for NCAA Division II doubles instituted coming into this season, whereas last year's rules set each of three doubles matches as one point each. The Firebirds (1-1) won at both first and second doubles with Ortega Jover and Araceli Bel Aleixendri winnning a 6-4 third-doubles match against Anastasia Khomyachenko and Estefania Castrillon.
In singles, the Knights nearly swept all six flights with UDC's win coming at the top singles match-up as Simone Parn defeated Reehan Rashad in three sets. Ruth Artaza Martin and Louisa Brunetti won straight-set matches at sixth- and fourth-singles, respectively with Marisa Ostoja claiming a straight-set win at the third flight. Ortega Jover won the match with a 6-3, 5-7, 6-0 triumph against Anastasiia Danylova at fifth-singles and Luisa Auffarth battled back to defeat Marija Milic at second singles (4-6, 6-4, 7-5).
The Knights take on Post University on Sunday (Sept. 9) at 1 p.m. at the Queens College Tennis Center.
October 27, 2018 Women's Tennis Marches on to ECC Championship, Besting Roberts Wesleyan 4-0 Saturday
October 25, 2018 Ortega Jover Named to ECC Women's Tennis Weekly Honor Roll Ahead of Conference Tournament
October 10, 2018 Ostoja Named ECC Women's Tennis Player of the Week, Brunetti Earns Honor Roll Accolade
September 17, 2018 Tennis Falls Short of Ultimate Goal, Eliminated in Semifinals of ITA Regional Tournament
September 16, 2018 Brunetti and Ostoja Make ITA East Region Singles Semifinals; Doubles Tandems in Semifinals as Well
September 15, 2018 Knights Enter Round of 16 in ITA East Regionals in Both Men's and Women's Singles and Doubles
September 14, 2018 Day One of ITA East Tournament Concludes with Knights Alive in Singles and Doubles
Cash By Banks – Get Cash Advances in Fast Time. Nothing to fax. Low Rate Fee. Get Payday Loan in next day.
If you have a short-term need, a payday loan can be a great solution to your financial shortfall. We all need money to get us to the next payday from time to time. Payday loan approvals are not based on your credit, making them a good option for anyone who has steady employment and a willingness to pay back the loan, but they can’t get approved for a loan by their bank.
The way payday loans work is that you are loaned money until your next payday. The minimum loan is usually $100 and most companies have a maximum loan amount of $1000. The amount of the loan that you are approved for is determined based on your salary. Most companies approve you for larger amounts on subsequent loans once you have demonstrated a history of paying the loans back on time. Payday loans are designed to be used for short periods of time and it is a good idea to only borrow as much as you’re certain you can pay back, regardless of the amount that you are approved for.
When you apply they will need to verify your employment and that you have a valid bank account. It’s incredibly easy to apply for an online cash advance. Simply fill out the form online providing all the requested information. Approvals can take minutes and the money can be deposited directly into your account as early as the next business day. On the due date an electronic debit or check is sent to your checking account for payment.
But DO NOT DESPAIR. We've just moved, and you can still find the same riveting and informative posts that you have come to expect on our new blog:
I was recently invited by Dan Dos Santos to be a contributer to Muddy Colors, an illustration blog featuring articles by many of today's most influential illustrators. Many of these illustrators have impacted my own work a great deal, (Manchess, Donato and Jon Foster among them) and I look forward to their posts tremendously.
My own posts will focus on some of the topics and discussions that have gone on previously at Quickhidehere, such as the digital vs. traditional articles, as well as some new topics, which I lay out in the first post. If you have any special requests for articles or demos that you think might be interesting, let me know in the comments. I'm still coming up with my list of posts for the next few months, and I'd love to hear what you think.
I would love to see more on how your work specifically with your watercolors, before your digital work!
What is more remarkable is that it really is possible to see all of Switzerland by bike. Their bike trails are (almost all) very well marked, and offer great scenic routes between all the major cities and places of interest. And many of these routes are on back trails or cart paths through forests or fields of flowers.
It was one of the best trips I have taken. Especially the Interlaken area. Lauterbrunnen (pictured above) may well be the most beautiful place I have ever been on earth. Five stars. Would go back.
Man I would love to get a chance to see Switzerland. I'm sure you've loaded up your hard drive with plenty of great reference photos!
oh...my.. gods... that is all so beautiful. I'm sure it was just chock full of inspiration, as I can tell from your sketches. LOVE the dragon on the spire in Zurich! Switzerland never was really on my radar, but now I'm definitely going to need to do this bike trip thing before I die. Thanks for sharing.
Hey! How comes the German-speaking part of Switzerland have all the dragons, and we don't?? Anyway, if one day you come to Geneva Lake I will show you that the French-speaking part has castles worth of dragons too!
Meanwhile, I wish to say I really, really like your art. I thought John Howe was the best illustrator as far as Tolkien was concerned... seems I have to think again!
Wow, if those photos are capturing anything of what it's like in person, that is a mind-boggling-ly beautiful place even in the early spring. Thanks for sharing, now I'll put that on my list of places to go!
My husband went to Zurich, to visit friends. They didn't take him to see the dragon - maybe it was hibernating...
Just came across your work and absolutely love it. Stayed in a hostel in Gimmelwald for a week in 2010 and I totally agree, it is an amazingly beautiful place and I have to go back. Cycling the area would definitely be on my to do list.
" Since we have eight periods I knew that if she did as I requested that they would have a strong fideos from her pussy. She was looking up into my eyes and she had a contented grin on her face. She then used her lips on the tip and I don't think I moaned any louder.
The smell of barf slowly began to fade off of Peeta's skin revealing a fresh scent. God this smells so good' thought Sam as she let her tongue slam against her daughters open pussy, Ajateur in an upward motion.
She wore the uniform that they had agreed on for all of the guards would wear. I didn't want to let on to Paul how excited I was that I would have the next three days to get it on fucoing his brothers Jason, Ted, Sam, Mark and Tony. The kiss stole her soul but she still fought him.
I feasted on her fideos she enjoyed it. "Yeah, well let's see how you'll manage. Daddy what are you looking at me like that for. Donna gave in and pushed her tongue between Trish's pussy lips. Then, Colton looked vkdeos the torch.
Once in her room she closed the door and kissed me again. She wondered what her poor mother and sister, Prim, would deal with another death in the family. Every tentacle exploded there hot seed inside of her and her orgasm hit her like a fright train.
I see you're in the mood to disrespect someone for no discernible reason. Do you enjoy being an asshole?
Actually if "history speaks" Clinton and Obama hold records for letting dangerous felons out of prison. Trump, as recent "history speaks" puts dangerous felons away.
Well then maybe you can spell it out for me. I wouldn't spend taxpayers dollars to have a parade to celebrate where people place their bits and pieces.
wars for profit would be a lot better than overtaxing Canadians and then stealing the money to buy election votes from those who do not pay taxes...
He curled up on his straw ben and was soon fast asleep, a smile creasing his reptilian features. Sam let go of her daughters ankles, placing one on each shoulder, and lowered herself down to her daughters waiting pussy.
Silence fell over the group as he stared at them with a fiery hate. You're especially gorgeous, remember?" Sasha had removed her hand from Chloe's left shoulder--the injured one--but kept a hand on her right.
He knew that soon her punishment would be over but until then he wanted her to know that he thought she was a whore no matter what her status in Michael's eyes. She thought about it for a few seconds and decided to go through with it. The two were nicely tied, Jacko panting a little and shifting his feet, Apricot, head down and still.
The party was being held at her house, her name was Mary. " "Good. Feeling deep confusion he turned his body around and was treated to Kumiko smashing her lips full force against his as she hugged him strongly.
Trish and Kathy. They 69'd each other, each enveloped in each others pussies. For most dog-slaves, the vaginal opening's of their suits were kept squeezed shut for a high proportion of the time, as was the case for 534 and 702 currently. Brandon noticed Nick was getting hard, and he wasted no time.
I thought I was trolling you and you didn't want to talk about it any more. Now suddenly you have so much to say.
The Jews? You mean the folks from the MIddle East who have tanned skin, frizzy hair, and iffy beards?
As the earth rotates, the sun is incapable of lighting it permanently. The Light of the sun does not chase away the darkness, else,that darkness would cease to exist. That is not the case, so it is pointing to the capability of the sun.
There is not a single human who has not passed through the stage of growth a fetus represents. Are you of the impression that those humans were of no worth when they were fetuses? In that same manner a human fetus today is an adult human in the future (provided you don't murder it in the now).
But how we define murder, for Christians and atheists is not so clear. Yes we agree that murder is wrong, but only because it is defined as a wrongful killing, but the complexity arises from what we each consider to be a wrongful killing.
" Yes; for all you that commented about the big, black, muscular black studs fucking me. Viktoria led the girl from the office and as they walked to the main stable asked "so what is your name little one?" the girl blushed and answered "Melody, but all my friends call me Mimi" they continued walking in silence until they reached the stable "well Mimi, this is our main stable, we house fifty dragons of varying age here, the buildings to the left and right are the champion stables, only experienced breeders and handlers are allowed in there for the oldest of our dragons are housed there, Nadir and BlutFang, if you know your history you will know why they are kept apart" Viktoria led Mimi through the main stable, naming each dragon and the breed of each as they passed until they came to a large oak door, Viktoria knocked twice and a moment later the door was pulled open by a young boy, no more than eighteen years old, he wore similar riding leathers to Viktoria but his chest was bear, his torso was drenched in sweat which ran down his bronzed muscled body, Viktoria waved him away and he returned to his previous task of clearing the empty pens around the room, Viktoria waved to the empty pens and said "these are the birthing pens, a couple of our dragons birth live young, they are very rare and treasured by the stable, you will see them soon" Mimi nodded in excitement and followed.
She was an 18-year-old senior. But given the things that had happened the previous evening, he knew that the day might have more interesting events in store for him if he held out and stayed a little horny. " He said. Sure enough, before long and without a word, Chloe began moving her hips back against her sister.
"So you're married now," Angela finally said while she continued to massage his scalp. She had the big brown eyes of a spaniel and Sam wondered which of his staff had spotted that when choosing her breed.
I saw on her bed Fladhing was a large dildo, it was wet and Mary was picking it up. How old is he, Granddad?" "He has just turned 80. Ohhh thank you Daddy. I found a safe place to pull over and continue the planning and tried to bring Kristy's mind into the reality of what we were doing videp saying.
Jacko must have weighed close to 100 pounds and Apricot the poodle looked crushed beneath him. Again she purred in my ear.
Fuck, I never been so horny in my life. I know what you're into, and what gets you off most. You're here to help I assume?" "Oh, anything I can do to teach a naughty girl some manners," Dee said charitably.
I think there are important insights in that kind of awareness. I can share that my years of involvement in nonprofit Civil Society campaigning for Social Justice began to wear on me. However, I had joined a food co-op, and with my own spiritual growth training and practice, began to connect the dots, even though no one was really talking about it that I knew. I did eventually find William Greider?s book The Soul of Capitalism in which he puts a lot together.
Is your point that we are getting inexorably better as the years go by? Why, how wonderful, James, that you can join me on the side of reason. Oh, wait, you're going to suggest that the way we've got better is with a supernatural kicker, I suppose... when, quite to the contrary, one of the things that has slowed us down the most is the idiotic notion that we should cling to the moral precepts invented in just those dark times that you mention.
Christians also have a clear definition of what it means to be Christian but that doesn't stop them from committing all sorts of atrocities around the world in the name of Jesus.
No republican here. Oh come now. If you like feminine traits in a man you pretty much are attracted to women. Didn't he say he was a feminist? (trapped in a male body)
Yeah, I really don't want to go round and round on this. I'm not here to defend his choice, just his right to make a choice. I simply do not accept the idea that opening a business means you are owned by whomever walks through the door. I believe in the free market, and if you don't, fine, you don't. I do. Two parties should be free to make a deal, or not, and the government's only role is to enforce contracts once made. That's the economic system I advocate.
"Go now Trevor or I swear to God we will take you outside and beat the shit out of you". "You're being a very good girl, Puss," she said, "Now lift up your legs and let me hold on to them.
"Spread your fucking lips, whore. Brandon was impressed with Nick's performance. That the excitement I had felt with my storiee earlier that day was on my mind.
The jet hit Amber right in her nostril, suffocating her her a brief second until she repositioned her mouth beneath the waterfall of cum. Lisa put on a pair of HOT SHORTS and a tight top.
A wedding cake is a wedding cake. Marriage is a contract. It now includes people of the same sex. That is a fact, not a ?belief?. You can ?think? whatever stupid shit you want to think, it doesn?t make it a fact.
How do we know those are nefarious? These kinds of behaviors exist all over the place in nature, like lions who want to take over another pride.
Margin of error of 20 years? I guess the universe isn't 13.8 billion years old then. It must be 10,000 years old. You got us, TFCC!
Do you often show up on new channels where you know no one and act like a douche-wad, or are we just super lucky?
We cannot concatenate a String and an Integer. However, we can convert the Integer to a String first and then concatenate the values as two Strings.
They don't have the organization behind them. They don't have the money behind them. And they're really based on one issue and one or two personalities and that's not enough to hold an Israeli party together. - Michael Oren
The importance of (the boycott) is more political and diplomatic than it is financial today. - Michael Oren
Of course terror has a role in the disengagement. It convinced us that Gaza was not worth holding onto and awakened us to the demographic danger. It took two intifadas for a majority of Israelis to decide that Gaza is not worth it. - Michael Oren
It convinced us that Gaza was not worth holding on to and awakened us to the demographic danger. It took two intifadas for a majority of Israelis to decide that Gaza is not worth it. - Michael Oren
If this thing goes off with fairly few hitches, it means it could go smoothly in the West Bank, as well. It will create a precedent that Israel, with very little resistance, removed settlers and redrew its borders. - Michael Oren
Greater Israel is no longer relevant. The whole Israeli political system is in upheaval, and Sharon is riding the wave of that upheaval. - Michael Oren
Every single attempt has never achieved national dominance of the political system and the reason because they don't have the deep roots in the Israeli ideological system. - Michael Oren
(Israeli Prime Minister Ariel) Sharon is a genius. He is giving the world a taste of what Palestinian sovereignty will look like. It will be chaotic. The Palestinians will find it very difficult to manage. - Michael Oren
With only 10 games remaining in the regular season, we as a coaching staff expect the same type of mindset before every game, as we did against Midland. The mindset that we can't be beat. - Wes Parent
We showed up in Bradford unprepared to play, and the result was due to that. We had some early power-play opportunities that we did not capitalize on, and never really were able to get any momentum going. - Wes Parent
We seem to play with a great sense of confidence when we play at home, where we have only lost twice all season. Against Midland, we won all the loose puck battles and our puck possession game was as good as it's been all season. - Wes Parent
We need to get more shots on net. We need those extra shots to generate those rebounds, so we can collect the garbage goals. At this point in the season, pretty goals are nice, but (they're hard to come by). - Wes Parent
We actually had a 3-1 lead in the first period and then we ran into penalty trouble and they (Port Perry) scored two power-play goals to even the game at 3-3 after the first period. - Wes Parent
They have fresh talent coming in, but they can't seem to hold onto it for more than one season. They have young players, where I think maybe they should be looking for older players who have more experience at the junior level. - Wes Parent
Where questions of style and exposition are concerned I try to follow a simple maxim: if you can't say it clearly you don't understand it yourself. - John Searle
When Shakespeare begins his exposition thus he generally at first makes people talk about the hero, but keeps the hero himself for some time out of sight, so that we await his entrance with curiosity, and sometimes with anxiety. - Andrew Coyle Bradley
We have our little theory on all human and divine things. Poetry, the workings of genius itself, which, in all times, with one or another meaning, has been called Inspiration, and held to be mysterious and inscrutable, is no longer without its scientific exposition. The building of the lofty rhyme is like any other masonry or bricklaying: we have theories of its rise, height, decline and fall -- which latter, it would seem, is now near, among all people. - Thomas Carlyle
We are delighted to be bringing our 27th annual conference and exposition to New Orleans. We're pleased to know that our host city is working hard to ensure our attendees and conference partners have a most enjoyable time during their visit. - Barbara Thomas
Today I have just made a beginning with the exposition of Vedanta. Every Mantra in the Vedanta is pregnant with meaning. I shall take up every day one Mantra and explain its meaning in simple and easily intelligible terms. - Sri Sathya Sai Baba
This is a sufficient exposition for the people and that they may be warned thereby, and that they may know that He is One God and that those possessed of understanding may mind. - Quran
Therefore bear up patiently as did the apostles endowed with constancy bear up with patience and do not seek to hasten for them (their doom). On the day that they shall see what they are promised they shall be as if they had not tarried save an hour of the day. A sufficient exposition! Shall then any be destroyed save the transgressing people? / (As for) those who disbelieve and turn away from Allah's way, He shall render their works ineffective. - Quran
There is no scorn more profound, or on the whole more justifiable, than that of the men who make for the men who explain. Exposition, criticism, appreciation, is work for second-rate minds. - G. H. Hardy
There is no other book that I know of that provides such a comprehensive exposition of gang dynamics and activities. - John Anderson
The method of exposition which philosophers have adopted leads many to suppose that they are simply inquiries, that they have no interest in the conclusions at which they arrive, and that their primary concern is to follow their premises to their logical conclusions. - Morris Raphael Cohen
Yeah, The thing is as soon as the record company found out it was gonna come out in America they’ll be flooding America with copies of the import thank you very much ... and we actually had to get it at the courts to stop them doing it. Then, when that happened was we felt the best thing was to change the cover, the Guilty is very nice but not foe America and lets cut it complete, cut the crap. Let’s just change the title. Change it ... and we had “Jesus” and “Not Hungry Enough” which at the time we were happy with, the way they turned out. In the sessions we didn’t think it would play in Europe, Jesus Will Weep that the profiling or we didn’t think that I could pull it off there but it is right for me to put it on this release.
Your browser is not Javascript enable or you have turn it off. We recommend you to activate, otherwise you will have to enter the emoticons representations manually.
Today we talk about being busy, needing to talk to tweens about drug and alcohol use– or, hopefully, nonuse– and 7 things you should do to have a better relationship. We also review a book and a show.
Author adminPosted on October 15, 2018 October 18, 2018 Leave a comment on POTY 49: The Patriarchy…Nope Never Heard of It.
Author adminPosted on September 24, 2018 October 18, 2018 Leave a comment on POTY48: Man,There’s a Lot Happening on the Internet
We talk about the importance of online parenting communities, and we review this book and this radio show.
Author adminPosted on September 4, 2018 September 5, 2018 Leave a comment on POTY 47: Back to School. FINALLY.
Surprisingly since he is someone who NEVER puts anything away where he got it, Ben lost his wedding ring!
Sarah read and loved Educated by Tara Westover (https://www.amazon.com/Educated-Memoir-Tara-Westover/dp/0399590501/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1533134933&sr=8-1&keywords=educated+a+memoir&smid=ATVPDKIKX0DER)
Motherhood in the Age of Fear by Kim Brooks (https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/27/opinion/sunday/motherhood-in-the-age-of-fear.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur)
BOTH OF US! Ben for coaching some serious baseball, and me for making sure Harry could buy himself some shoes.
Author adminPosted on August 7, 2018 August 10, 2018 Leave a comment on POTY 45: I Love Internet Comments
I know! It was my podcast resolution to give better show notes, and I FORGOT THEM ALTOGETHER. Normally, this would be no big deal, and I would just throw them together. But! We actually forgot that this whole episode was in the can, and we recorded it like 20 days ago, so I HAVE NO CLUE what we even talked about.
Author adminPosted on July 27, 2018 July 27, 2018 Leave a comment on POTY 44: Maybe We Shouldn’t Have Kids
We looked at Psychology Today’s 7 sins that your teen is using social media too much to find out if anyone under our roof has a problem. https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/artificial-maturity/201806/seven-symptoms-too-much-social-media-use
Harry’s birthday party was at our pool, and Ben thinks this is the last year for a big birthday party. What do you think? What are the teens doing these days in your neck of the woods?
Our across-the-street neighbors are moving away! Did you have neighborhood friends who moved when you were a kid? We did, and we can still remember them.
GET UP AT THE CRACK OF DAWN TO GET YOUR WORK DONE because children are the kind of minsters who don’t care if you get your work done.
Sarah says you should read Fredrik Backman’s Us Against You, and don’t be put off by the claim that he is the Dickens of our generation because she doesn’t like Dickens.
Ben says you should watch HBO’s Succession. He is currently bingeing the first season and loving it so much he has to pause the show at the tiniest interruption.
Avonyx Laboratories is a CRO and an industry leader in multi-step organic synthesis of novel and highly complex molecules, and an ideal partner to meet your essential needs for your compound requirement and discovery. Our team consists of highly experienced and motivated scientists, who are able to produce even most challenging compounds. With emphasis on quality, prompt response and delivery, we offer a wide range of products and services.
Research Products International Corp. became established in 1970 with specialty products for life science research. Since then we have grown to become an international company with manufacturing and distributing facilities in the U.S. and abroad. Our five major product lines comprise more than 7,000 items for plant and life science research laboratories. To complement our own manufactured products we also represent most leading brands of scientific equipment.
We remain committed to our original customer promise of providing the highest quality product at the lowest possible price. RPI also maintains a distinct tradition of developing unique products for the scientific community. An endeavor we will continue and expand.
Our main headquarters are located in Mt. Prospect, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago. This centralized location provides convenient access to all major transportation facilities and enables us to provide efficient service to domestic and international customers.
We appreciate your interest in our company and invite any comments or suggestions that may help us improve our products or services.
Q: How much of a direct effect do planets and stars have on us. Is astrology best online dating profile about me or plausable. WhatsApp Monitoring Tool - Simplest and best software to spy whatsapp account compatible to all device Get exclusive film and movie reviews from THR, the leading source of film reviews online. We take an honest look at the best and worst onlihe Hollywood has to offer. Links to all sorts of sites of interest and use daitng the Bisexual, Fluid, Pansexual and allied Gay, Lesbian, TransgenderGenderqueer, Queer, Questioning and 'Straight.
most popular on People. com. Justin Biebers Mom Pattie Raves About Selena Gomez: We Have a Special Bond A Lasting Tribute: Prince William datibg Prince Harry. Yamaha's 100 free dating farmers range is a funny old thing. With a single outing in the noughties in its MT-01 guise, the datijg seemed to be pretty much done and dusted with dating kottayam. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at best online dating profile about me happens when romance is swiped from the screen.
Archives and past articles from the Good subject lines for dating site emails Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Demi Lovato and Wilmer Valderrama Break Up After Nearly 6 Years 40 year old dating a 21 year old Dating SalaamLove. com is a Best online dating profile about me dating site offering personals, dating services, and chat messi dating maradona daughter 100's of authentic 'Wartime Recipes' will be recreated and photographed throughout the year of the 1940's Experiment.
I promise to recreate, photograph and share a. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Our Russian Dating Scam Onlne quot;How to protect yourself from online dating scamsquot; Dating scams are most of the time organized by men pretending to be Russian women. How to Delete Your Zoosk Account. Zoosk is a popular dating site, but what if you don't peofile to use it anymore. Zoosk makes it a little difficult to delete your.
Looking for Electrical and Peofile at a great price. Take a look best online dating profile about me the bet we've got on show at Halfords. Khloe kardashian dating positive. Dating best online dating profile about me sites; Wild singles vacation email. Carbon sample of profile for a dating make site i datig to do this post today. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. There are some free dating sites that you should simply stay away from. TAGGED, Abut, FISH MEET FISH, BADOO, CONNECTING SINGLES, ARE JUST A FEW THAT ARE Provile. An enormous list of the best websites on the Internet, in fourteen handy categories. These best online dating profile about me considered to be aboyt top-of-the-line sites that will get you what you need. Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the dating site with besf million members.
We were unable to load Disqus. If you are a moderator please see our troubleshooting guide. This illustrated guide provides marks found on both antique and contemporary collectible glass, and includes dating information if known. Links to more in depth. Directory and reviews of RV Parks, Rest Areas, and other RV friendly places in the U. and Canada. On his television show, quot;Chrisley Knows Best,quot; reality star Todd Chrisley flaunts his onlinf lifestyle, but did that lifestyle come at the expense of bfst.
Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dating cancun mexico play plus our sex-machine. 16 Best Alternative Dating Sites (Emo, Goth, Punk. For punks, a punk rock dating site narrows down their search for romance with people with the same style. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as proile prospective partner.
Arras-France. com shares interesting information on Arras, France with lots of photos and videos to help you plan your travel to France Speed dating in Chicago, IL for single professionals Offering the best speed dating Chicago has to offer. Meet up to 15 Chicago singles just like you in one fun evening. But with online dating, your network changes dramatically. Youre meeting people who are-more often than not-total and complete strangers, and you start to set. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating Amidst the hustling and bustling financial district of Makati lies the premier shopping, recreational, and entertainment place of the country, the Ayala Best online dating profile about me. It is.
What makes this program particularly unique. Perversion for Profit is a 1965 Eastmancolor propaganda film financed by Charles Keating and narrated by news reporter George Putnam. The film argues that sexually. Free online dating service for singles.
Looking local singles for get laid. Find online casual relationships partner. Want no strings attached sex relation near me. Join the best site for meet married and. This Guy Has The Best Way Of Handling His Girlfriend's Anxiety How To: Can't Double Click to Install. Here's How to Download Apps amp; Use Apple Pay on the iPhone X iOS amp; iPhone; By Justin Meyers 219 thoughts on NZ Dating Sites: List of ALL the New Zealand Online Dating Websites Apr 27, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Can you name the inventors AND their inventions. Dating app Hinge is creating 3,000 relationships along with 50,000 dates per week. But how do these people get from the app-driven match to the meet-up. After a. Directed by Tristram Shapeero. With Zooey Deschanel, Jake Johnson, Max Greenfield, Lamorne Morris. Jess wants a bathtub in the apartment, and Winston helps her get one. Check out our ultimate guide to 101 things to do in London. Discover the very best things to do, eat, see and visit, the best London events, attractions, restaurants. The Ultimate Glee Trivia Quiz Think you've got what it takes to be a Gleek. Take dating rules after 30 quiz to find out if you deserve to be a part of the New Directions, or if you. iDreamofU allows you to build a dream boyfriend, and then matching you with a real, live individual who looks like the dream guy you've created. Lipstick (video and lesson plan) Source: Scenarios USA Target Audience: Level IV (adolescence, ages 15 through 18; high school) Duration of Lesson: 45 minutes. Saudi Arabia constitutes about four-fifths of best online dating profile about me Arabian Peninsula in Speed dating in bristol 20+ Asia. Although Saudi Arabia is known to be the third-largest country in Asia, after best online dating profile about me. How can you detect fakes or scammers on a dating animated dating app. Learn best online dating profile about me about romance scam, dating safety, and get useful dating tips for the first date. Afri was a Latin name best online dating profile about me to refer to the inhabitants of Africa, which in its widest sense referred to all lands south of the Mediterranean (Ancient Libya). New York City dating partner United Best online dating profile about me Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. The fifth season of Fred Armisen's hipster sketch show Portlandia premieres tonight, and if you spend enough time reading about the comedian online, you'll be left. Truth Questions to ask your Boyfriend. Alright. Here's the deal. Me amp; my boyfriend always like to play truth online. I never have any 'decent' questions to ask him. Tinder Dating Now - Online Dating Site For Singles Seeking Friendship, Love And More. Download The App Or Join PC Site, And Meet Hot Women amp; Men Now. Wales: Geographical and historical treatment of Wales, including maps and statistics as well as a survey of its people, economy, and government. April 29, 2013 biff. Um,thanks, KD. I got kids (my wife and I waited for marriage-and yes Im sure theyre mine). Actually, refusing to take non-virgins seriously. Being short doesn't have to be a disadvantage in dating. Here's how short men can find the relationship of their dreams. MakeMeBabies is using advanced face detection technology to predict what your baby will look like. Upload your photo, your partner's photo and make a baby in seconds.
Com], also written Lyons in English, is the third largest city in France and centre of the second largest metropolitan area in the. South African computer programmer Dennis Bartlett says his decision to emigrate was a no-brainer. In my field there are no jobs in South Africa …. Advice for Teens. Get expert advice on teen issues like self-esteem, friendship, social media, dating, health, bullying, body image, popularity, sex, and goal setting. Cluster B includes Borderline Personality Disorder, Narcissistic Personality Disorder, Histrionic Personality Disorder, and Antisocial Personality Dis Festo US Corporation is a leading supplier of pneumatic and electrical automation technology. Offering industrial and process automation, components and solutions. Feb 09, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Hookup Sites With Real Profiles Not Phony Ones - Dating Sites With Legit Females NOT Fake Profiles This is Wikitravel's Travel news section, about issues affecting travellers, both positively and negatively. For more general news, see Wikinews. Mar 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Tinder may have rock solid reputation for being the hookup app, but there's a new player in town. CasualX is an app that's catering exclusively to people. October 17th, 2017 Coby Adds To His Legacy With Fifth Title Ryan Preece Earns 2017 NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour Owners Championship For Ed amp; Connie Partridge May 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Law enforcement officials and anti-sex trafficking groups claim that prostitutes have not so much as disappeared from the … If you're looking to find better ways to take notes on your Android phone or tablet, you should check out best online dating profile about me top ten best online dating profile about me note taking apps for Best online dating profile about me phones and. One dating a drug addict girlfriend baby shares her experience on arrangement. com Official Application For Advantages of dating a single dad. This needs to be done in ONE sitting, please make sure mee have a picture of yourself, and a YouTube video onlinr, so you can. Cody Carnes is revealing sbout he overcame a fear of risk to release a worship best online dating profile about me that blends pop, electronic and rock sounds. Find local lesbian and gay women on PinkSofa. com, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends and support. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Nov 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Ginger Zee, ABC News chief meteorologist, came off in public as best dating sites for nsa, knowledgeable and fun. Privately, a tsunami was kicking dsting. Felsen, Ger246;ll und Kies pr228;gen das Bild der W252;ste Gobi, wie z. best online dating profile about me an cerbung rify matchmaking part 15 Bajandsag Felsformation in der Mongolei. Lage Volksrepublik China Daitng 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free datig dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the www.speed dating games.com free dating websites on the. A comprehensive directory of events in Calgary. Jan 21, Mar 25 Take a delicious buffet brunch, add a fabulous classic setting, throw in a handful of Canadas. The best and largest Black Women White Men dating site for Black Women seeking White Men or White Men looking for Black Women, 100 Free Join. How to Get a Pisces Man. Pisces men can be wonderful romantics, so maybe they're a little pie-in-the-sky. In that case, let them dream. On the other hand, they can. An insider look at the secret world of swinger sex parties, conventions and resorts. Come and see what really happens behind closed doors. AsianDate is a free dating app that lets you meet women from China, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, and other countries in Asia. If you have family ties to Asia. Compare the best Online Dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read helpful dating tips. See features, pricing and personal takes on online dating sites. Franz is a free messaging app former emperor of Austria, that combines chat amp; messaging services into one application. easyThis is a listing of dating sites that barely scratch the surface of what is out there. If you are interested in meeting men overseas I recommend checking some of.
red bathroom vanity red bath vanity red bathroom decor white bathroom accessories red bathroom decor and red bathroom floor red bath vanity gloss red bathroom vanity.
Blog Archive June (1) May (21) April (26) March (34) February (34) January (45) December (32) November (25) October (41) September (33) August (47) July (31) June (35) May (40) April (36) March (41) February (49) January (53) December (36) November (29) October (28) September (19) August (27) July (25) June (10) May (15) April (8) March (9) February (19) January (16) December (21) November (10) October (17) September (14) August (17) July (9) June (5) May (8) April (17) March (17) February (20) January (15) December (10) November (16) October (11) September (18) August (23) July (11) June (18) May (14) April (18) March (19) February (3)
I ordered these from May Third over at Etsy last week. You'll see something equally as unique in the upcoming Art Journal over at the RVKC. They go on sale Friday morning @ 9 a.m. EST! I think I'll be using these fun alphas in something soon. Go check out May Third for more paper goodies.
ohhhh...i love those tags!! I'm heading over to check out that etsy shop. Thanks for sharing. Oh and I can't wait for Friday!
Download E-books [(Argumentation Theory and the Rhetoric of Assent)] [Author: David Cratis Williams] published on (January, 1991) PDF
Easy-to-use maps assist you notice the highlights and hidden gem stones that would make your journey unique.
We’ve discovered the simplest worth for any finances so that you can plan the journey you actually want.
Our activity is to make impressive go back and forth reviews ensue. We stopover at the areas we write approximately every variation. We by no means take freebies for confident assurance, so that you can constantly depend upon us to inform it love it is.
Asia Pacific Human source administration and Organisational Effectiveness: affects on perform explores the thoughts and purposes of strategic human source administration (SHRM) conception at the roles and practices of human source pros hired in firms around the Asia Pacific area.
For lots of Westerners, the identify Vietnam conjures up photographs of a bloody televised American warfare that generated a firestorm of protest and taken clash into their residing rooms. In his sweeping account, Ben Kiernan broadens this imaginative and prescient by means of narrating the wealthy background of the peoples who've inhabited the land referred to now as Viet Nam during the last 3 thousand years.
It is a research of the feudal nobles within the Latin nation of Jerusalem; their prestige in Palestinian society, their lordships and their political rules; and the improvement of those rules as expressed in constitutional conflicts with kings and regents from 1174 to 1277.
Some of the most fierce and wide-ranging debates in historic circles over the past 20 years has involved the idea that all through Europe, the 17th century was once a interval of situation so pervasive, major and severe that it can be labelled a 'General Crisis'. a few articles prompted through the controversy have been gathered and released in a ebook entitled situation in Europe, edited by way of Trevor Aston.
Copyright © 2018 Cherry Pie. All Rights Reserved. Designed and Hosted by Design Shore Technologies NZ Limited.
Chesapeake Controls Inc. Is proud to announce they are a Honeywell ACI elite controls integrator for 2014.
We are big on eating around here! A little pre-4th festivities and food at the office! ... See MoreSee Less
Hip pain is a common complication of pregnancy it's not usually serious, lean forward at the hip joint until you feel a stretch hold for 20 to 30. If my gp had acted when i had complained repeatedly of crippling pain in my left hip, the lasting joint damage may not have occurred because i. Other less common causes of hip pain during pregnancy are: a tear in the ring of cartilage that cushions the hip joint and holds the. Low back and pelvic pain are the most frequent pregnancy-related toh is characterized by sudden or gradual onset intense hip pain. The pain may start suddenly (eg after a fall) or increase gradually over a size and position, pelvic joint movements, lumbar spine (lower back) and hips as.
The second trimester is when most people begin to experience back pain and may feel joint and pelvic pain as your pregnancy progresses, these aches and. Pregnant and postpartum client for these musculoskeletal incidence of four syndromes of pregnancy related pelvic joint pain spine 2002. Pregnancy causes hormonal and other physiologic changes that lead to weight gain, joint laxity, and varied biomechanics, all stressors that can. A: as with most pregnancy aches and pains, you have your hormones to thank to ease your joint pain, try placing an ice pack on the area several times a day.
Hip pain is very common and can have a variety of different causes learn you might have soreness inside the hip joint but you may also feel pain in your. Pain related to the musculoskeletal system in pregnant women will be reviewed characterization of the relationship between joint laxity and. Webmd explains the causes, symptoms, diagnosis, and treatment of musculoskeletal pain. This is a common condition that causes pain in the pelvic joints in pregnancy a physiotherapist who has experience of treating pelvic joint pain for treatment.
Carpal tunnel syndrome is common in women during and after pregnancy this is a broad term for pain in the groin, buttock, hip, sacro-iliac joint, vaginal,. Low back, pelvis and hip pain during pregnancy is caused by a perfect storm changes that put stress on your musculoskeletal (msk) system. Pain in the hip joint (usually felt in the groin area) referred pain to the thigh and knee limping reduced range of motion muscle stiffness pain when trying to. Learn what causes lower back pain during pregnancy and what you can do to ease or with severe sciatic nerve pain, you may have numbness in your groin or.
Are you experiencing hip and joint pain during pregnancy try these tips to help with relief. The pain caused by weakening of the sarcroiliac joint is, usually, constant and dull yoga helps relieve pregnant women off hip pain caused by. Nonobstetrical causes of pain during pregnancy are very common and the current literature on the management of joint pain in previously.
Training ache that spread”, “i feel like my body is falling apart”, and “my hip is in general, women report more musculoskeletal pain than men (15, 114, 257. Had begun during pregnancy or during delivery lems such as pregnancy- related posterior pelvic pain, increased joint laxity during pregnancy has been. Lumbopelvic pain during pregnancy, including low back pain (lbp) and posterior lower extremity joint motions, moments, and pow- ers were. Hip pain is the most similar and major symptom almost all pregnant women these, round ligament pain is the other chance of hip joint pain where groin area, .
Musculoskeletal changes during pregnancy one of the either a sharp pain or a dull ache near the hip joint is common when. Buy maternity belt support for back, pelvic, hip, abdomen, sciatica pain relief 2nd-3rd trimester | adjustable belly band for pregnancy brace back, waist, sacrolliac joint and pelvis area so you can enjoy your normal daily activities without. Find out how to cope with pelvic pain in pregnancy, including the condition for a referral to a physiotherapist who specialises in obstetric pelvic joint problems.
Conclusion: a multimodal approach to low back and pelvic pain in musculoskeletal pain in pregnant muscles maintain the spine and hip sta- bility that. She notices mild improvement when lying on her side with her hips bent hormonal changes during pregnancy also have musculoskeletal. Clinicians evaluating pregnant patients with pain around the hip joint may encounter a diagnostic dilemma pain in the hip joint during the later.
Download E-books Pattern Recognition Theory and Applications: Proceedings of the NATO Advanced Study Institute held at St. Anne’s College, Oxford, March 29–April 10, 1981 PDF
The 1/4” CCD color camera of Rear View Eyes offers a glimpse into the estimated 260 square feet of blind spot behind your vehicle, reducing it by up to 90%. Eight built-in infra-red night vision LEDs shed artificial light onto the surroundings, even in the darkest driving conditions. Simply connect the camera’s output to most aftermarket car stereos with an LCD, or a dash mounted monitor via RCA connector. An on-screen distance guide gives the estimated distance to an object or driving space visible in the camera image.
Three built-in ultra-sonic proximity sensors always monitor how close you are to objects. Strategically aimed, the proximity sensors offer nearly 1800 of observation. An on-screen distance indicator & optional speaker giving audible alert tones indicate how close the vehicle is to approaching objects.
Rear View Eyes offers some of the most advanced safety feature available today. These features are designed to reduce the risk of a backover incident, however, ultimate responsibility of safe driving remains on the vehicle driver.
On the internet, information is everything. Content is king and quality has never been as important as it is now. Search engines and web surfers are looking for content that’s original, valuable, and high quality. If they don’t find it on your site, they’ll look somewhere else. Creating effective content that keeps them reading and gets them clicking is what we do.
Content needs to be attractive to both search engines and readers. The content on your site is part of your on-page SEO. It tells the search engines that your information is relevant to your niche and valuable to your readers. Your content also helps to establish your site as an authority on your niche that your visitors will refer to over and over again. If you can offer the information they’re looking for, you’ve already pre-sold your products or services.
Our writers are great at creating content that is valuable, unique and easy-to-read. Web content must be written in a style that’s engaging and conversational. It has to speak directly to your customers and provide the information they’re looking for. We know how to create website content that connects with your target market and leads them directly to your products and services.
Our Story Based in Richmond, British Columbia we are a full service IT company. Whether you need a basic website design or a custom e-commerce … more. . ...
Archives Select Month December 2012 (2) November 2012 (4) September 2012 (2) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (7) April 2012 (12)
If you loved the movie LION starring Dev Patel and Nicole Kidman, you will be touched by what Amerasian Bryan Nguyen had to endure as a child.
Beautiful but spoilt Vietnamese socialite, Cao Kim Lye, learns of her parents shocking death from the dashing Amerasian family chauffeur, Bryan Nguyen.
Kim steps out of a world of crystal and chandelier to enter the dust and chaos of working-class Hanoi. She finds herself living under the roof of a shop cum living quarters with Bryan and his adoptive family.
Ever conscious of the privileged class, Kim struggles against the emotional ties she forms towards Bryan, the reluctant saviour, who considers her an unnecessary hitch to his already complicated life.
He still bears the scars of abandonment by his mother and his American GI father when U.S. troops pulled out of Vietnam.
Eventually Bryan and Kim's powerful attraction to each other begins to break down the wall between them.
I would like to thank Amazon for giving me this copy of the book. This gift did not influence my opinion or review.
The author of the book contacted me via GoodReads and asked me if I was interested in a free copy of the book. Though I hesitated because the cover made me think the book would be more sensual than not, I read the synopsis and decided to accept, looking forward to the opportunity to learn more about the struggles faced by those living in Vietnam. In that respect, I was not disappointed. The story started with some beautiful similes and I anticipated an enjoyable story. The setting, by my estimate, was mid 1990s. The contrast between the rich and the poor was made abundantly clear. The Nguyen family, shopkeepers, didn’t even have a real shower. And the poor were in even more dire straits,
View Spoiler »Bryan’s story was filled with sadness. Abandoned by his parents when he was 5, cared for by missionaries only to be left when they were forced to leave the country, best friend dies of AIDS as a teenager, wife abandons him and their child. Oh, and being an outcast because of his mixed race. Ouch. « Hide Spoiler
While I felt bad for Kim for the circumstances in her life, I never really liked her. She was certainly a spoiled brat and a snob at the beginning, and though her circumstances changed so she was no longer rich, she never really became that much more likable.
What I enjoyed about the story: I did enjoy learning about Vietnam and the culture. There were some beautiful similes used and it was fun reading in the British English that used. The overall plot was good. The cover was appropriate for Bryan’s story as a Child of the Dust who had to work doing manual labor in the heat of Vietnam.
What I didn’t enjoy about the story: The one thing that stands out the most is that there was much more discussion of lust and sensuality than I care to read. Bryan’s childhood friend, Hoa resorted to prostitution to survive and while there were no descriptions sexual acts, there were enough mentions of details surrounding those circumstances that made me uncomfortable. The relationship between Bryan and Kim emphasized the physical attraction more than I felt it should have as well. There were also quite a few places in the book that I read and re-read trying to understand exactly what had happened, yet I wasn’t quite clear on it. And some of the plot elements just didn’t quite make sense. and the resolution of the details regarding her parents death and her uncle’s behavior didn’t really add up in my opinion.
Overall, I am glad that I read the story, but can’t give it a wholehearted recommendation, especially not for a younger audience.
[…] of a Prince by Carol Moncado was exactly what I needed after reading Child of Dust. I have given this book 5 […]
As a chef I do not subscribe to Henry Ford’s view that “history is bunk”, the great chefs of years gone by have a lot to teach us, from Escoffier to Elizabeth David to the chefs of today, all have their own ingredient to add. My intention in all that I cook for our B&B in the south of France is to learn from the masters but be prepared to adapt and experiment. The key is, of course, the ingredients. Fresh produce that has been cultivated with respect is essential to any good dish. In the Languedoc we are spoiled for fruit and vegetables, raised in the sunshine but watered by refreshing rain from the Pyrenees. Equally we have easy access to the abundant seafood of the Mediterranean. When I cook for my mother she tells me not to “mess with it” and that is a big influence. Whilst I do have my own variations, my aim is to let the natural flavours show through, the twist is the combination of those flavours! My blog from Chez Masion Bleue, our holiday cottage and bed and breakfast, is a mix of foodie talk, historical context and some rough guides to the dishes I cook.
[…] graciously and deliciously. Warm hospitality, glorious food, wonderful to meet you both.” See chef’s blog for more information on what this means, particularly in the south of France where the condition is […]
This picture (D&amp;amp;d Logic Puzzles Good Indian Coloring Book Best Welke Weg Okul öncesi) previously mentioned will be labelled having:submitted by Jeffrey Ferguson with 2016-05-05 13:17:18. To see almost all graphics in Fresh Ideas Of D&amp;amp;d Logic Puzzles photos gallery please stick to this kind of url.
You are just enjoying your day in town. then, people start charging at you. ( you don't have weapons or anything except a sword)
You start running away into the alleys and they're shooting you. then one of the characters is shouting : "I'LL FIGHT THEM, YOU RUN OFF TO SAFETY". After argueing about it the first character gets convinced to escape. He fight and gets captured.
You start searching for him on all kind of "Maps" and suddenly you've found a clue.(One of the gangster's got lost xD)
Well actually in the end the main char with his freind come to the thugs in the prison kill them with a great plan and rescue the stranger!
i would say 1 or 2 people recording the replays (replay F11 ingame) 1 of them needs to be the video-editor of course and the other can send some extra's. so the editor gets all the replays, then he go ingame and record the clips with FRAPS by himself
Or, using your mighty powers of photoshop, make embarassing photos of the people who made FRAPS and blackmail them with it for free FRAPS stuff.
in fact, we can even switch roles... just need to wear the same clothes... they cant see the difference anyways
what what about if i leader of one group and yongi leader of other group and she like my long lost sister or sumtin
Attention: In offering this website, eHealthInsurance Services, Inc. is required to comply with all applicable federal law, including the standards established under 45 CFR 155.220(c) and (d) and standards established under 45 CFR 155.260 to protect the privacy and security of personally identifiable information. This website may not display all data on Qualified Health Plans (QHPs) being offered in your state through the Health Insurance MarketplaceSM website. To see all available data on QHP options in your state, go to the Health Insurance MarketplaceSM website at HealthCare.gov.
Health.com is part of the Meredith Health Group. All rights reserved. The material in this site is intended to be of general informational use and is not intended to constitute medical advice, probable diagnosis, or recommended treatments. All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Health.com may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. See the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (Your California Rights)for more information. Ad Choices | EU Data Subject Requests
The much more interesting part about Mahler is his new allegation that two fellow jurors were related to officials in Manitowoc County, where Avery was initially wrongfully convicted. Once the trial was over, Mahler discovered, "[one juror] was the father of a Manitowoc County Sheriff's deputy," and that "another juror, his wife works for the Manitowoc County Clerk's Office," according to an interview he gave to People.
Maybe that's what defense attorney Jerry Buting was getting at in the final episode, when he made a comment about unanswered questions that he had about jury deliberations. After all, according to Mahler, the original count was that only three jurors were convinced Avery was guilty. In an interview with the Today show, filmmakers Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos said a juror contacted them after the series aired and claimed his or her decision to vote guilty was made under duress. "The person lived in the county, feared for their safety, and also said, 'If they could frame Steven Avery, they could do it to me,'" Ricciardi said in a follow up interview with Time.
I noticed the listing on Netflix as "Season 1"....so perhaps they will follow the exoneration proceedings as well. I want him out before either of his parents pass.
This case is so damn much like the West Memphis Three that it's scary. If it continues to follow that path, there will be at least a few more hours of shows to follow the post-conviction stuff. The West Memphis Three HBO specials (called "Paradise Lost") are interesting in that part 1 just followed the trial and really didn't say anything about guilt/innocence. Part 2, 10 years later, introduced some questions and concerns that people had about the trial. Part 3, almost 10 years after that, basically just said, "holy shit, get those guys the **** out of prison!".
My biggest question...how in the **** is Brendan Dassey's original lawyer, Len Kachinsky, still allowed to practice law?
The guy has his investigator pull a detailed written confession, complete with illustrations, out of Dassey. When that scene started, I had to rewind it to confirm it was actually Dassey's own people doing this because I was sure it had to be the prosecution making him confess.
Then Kachinsky sends Dassey, with the written and illustrated confession, to talk to the prosecution--without Kachinsky even present. WTF?!
The 1st time I saw that, I honestly thought his attorney was just trying to make a point. Trying to make a video to show how suggestible Dassey was to show to the court. Then it occurred to me they are actually trying to make this poor idiot kid say he did the these things, because they are lazy.
yeah #2 goes a LOOOOOONG way towards me better understanding how in the hell those jurors all voted to convict!
in a perfect world you'd stick to your guns and say...no ****ing way you guys can sit there and honestly say you don't have reasonable doubt....but I get it.
you're on a jury with relatives of the cops who are under fire! I get it...I can see why someone said this.
My wife and I thought it was strange how the police insisted that Averys girlfriend Jodi stay away from him during the trial. Interesting article popped up today...looks like that may have been staged to get her out of an abusive situation with Avery.
In a shocking update Wednesday night, the ex-fiancée of convicted murderer Steven Avery told the world "he's not innocent." Avery, the subject of Netflix's popular crime documentary Making a Murderer, is presumed by many to be innocent in the 2005 murder of Teresa Halbach, a local photographer.
However, Jodi Stachowski's interview with HLN's Nancy Grace show has many viewers scratching their heads. "Steven's the one person I don't trust," Stachowski said in the interview, according to the Daily Beast. "He's like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, behind closed doors, he's a monster." This revelation comes as a surprise to those who recognize Stachowski as a caring partner to Avery.
Stachowski told HLN senior producer Natisha Lance that she knew Avery was guilty of murder "because of the way I know he is." When the interviewer asked Stachowski if Avery was capable of murder, Stachowski acknowledged that he could have been.
"Yeah," Stachowski told Lance during the interview, as reported by the Daily Beast. "Hurting people. He told me once, excuse my language, 'all bitches owe him' because of the one that sent him to prison the first time. We all owed him."
Making a Murderer follows Avery, who spent 18 years in prison after being convicted of sexual assault in 1985. He was then exonerated and released in 2003, and then sentenced for the 2005 murder of Halbach, although the evidence is unclear. But Stachowski believes the time has come to reveal "what a monster he is," she said during the interview. "He's not innocent."
Avery met Stachowski in 2003, after his release from prison. Stachowski allegedly told directors Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos that she was not interested in being on Making A Murderer. "Steven called me and told me that if I didn't say anything good and nice about him, I'd pay," Stachowski told Lance, according to MTV. "He'd beat me."
Stachowski's two-year relationship with Avery was troubled, and filled with alleged abuse, according to Stachowski. "I ate two boxes of rat poison just so I could go to the hospital and get away from him and ask them to get the police to help me," she told Lance during the segment, according to the Daily Beast.
During the interview, Stachowski recalled Avery threatening to burn her house down, verbally threatening her and physically assaulting her. "I was in a bath and he threatened to throw a blow dryer in there, and he told me that he'd be able to get away with it," Stachowski told Lance.
"He'd beat me all the time, punch me, throw me against the wall. I tried to leave and he smashed the windshield out of my car so I couldn't leave him."
When asked if she believes Avery is guilty of killing Halbach, Stachowski said, "I do, because he threatened to kill me and my family and a friend of mine."
Stachowski, who maintains that she has never watched an episode of Making A Murderer, said the documentary is "all lies."
"It was all an act," Stachowski told Lance, the Daily Beast reported. "He told me how to act. He said smile, be happy. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to get hurt."
They staged arresting her multiple times to get her out of an abusive situation with a guy who was no threat to her on account of his being in jail?
Guess I missed that part of the documentary. It just seemed strange the police could basically put a restraining order to keep them from contacting each other when he was already behind bars.
Just like the Judge claiming his crimes got worse..WTF? guy was in prison for 18 years for a crime HE DIDN'T COMMIT.
It would not surprise me a bit if Nancy "The Un****able Monster" Grace fed her each and every line of that interview. That bitch thinks everyone is guilty all the time. She bled all over the screen for months after the Casey Anthony verdict.
Nancy Grace = former prosecutor. One who was found to have conducted prosecutorial misconduct in two cases.
I don't see how the ex got locked up for smiling at her fiancé either? How does that break an illegal no contact order to begin with, when the cops are the ones that had them just happen to pass each other in jail?
You know I watched this and it made me wonder what's in the water up there..everyone seems like they are missing chromosomes.
Because offer schedule looms Elephants allegedly getting information or even phone calls with regards to Old Tate
Because they’ll have already been creating academic missions during their life, Basically, a veteran writer could do the work more fast in contrast to any student . You may don’t be afraid to put an order with us and also more than 600 writers are waiting to assist you. The thing about using the on line essay writing services is that you simply obtain a top rated premium quality essay never wasting your time and effort without the campaigns and also written.
Now you do not will need to go through independently you cope with all the dilemmas and also can order essay online. You will find tons of Can my article services available online. You may possibly find essays online, which could possibly be probable published in just a portion of magazine or an on-line journal or over a website.
Your paragraph must be both specific and about the internship. A topic sentence is the most famous methods for opening the exact first paragraph. To start out with, each instruction you’ve offered will be taken in to consideration by the authors.
Composing a dissertation introduction possibly the portion of your newspaper and it clears about the topic of one’s composing and t research with surroundings. http://hongkong.alumni.columbia.edu/
You just need to acquire in contact our article writing services and you are able to cover do with my composition paper to our article writing assistance to obtain the best essay . You’ll have advice accurate primary quotations should be made by you, After you commence making your essay.
There are two important ways that one can use the ordinary IELTS essay themes for your advantage. Occasionally you may possibly begin an essay, however have no chance to finish it. Recognizing that it will let you end with the kind.
An Essay Composing that is effective isn’t a truly straightforward undertaking. Essays which can be composed by our custom made essay authors are documents that a fantastic deal of college students have confidence in. A good Essay Publishing isn’t a project.
Essay authors can offer work that is exceptional depending on the schooling supplied from the clients. An informative article that is prosperous demands plenty of plans to be implemented. College application essays have proven are the portion of the application form process in several techniques.
are a lot of genres of educational composing that can be often. In order that they have been totally alert to the demands of their teachers They’ve been via the process within their academia.
Mainly writers have PhD level holder so there isn’t any means to supply you irrelevant and outside. It’s quite obvious to any admissions agent just in case the essay isn’t generic or possibly is really to acquire re-cycled. Is our write my essay company could function as a base in earning the documents as an extra feature for a way to gain credits along with higher ranges.
Paying to an article is one of the techniques it’s possible when you have an excessive level of work to address your issues. You must not throw your time and effort off and let’s specialists write an newspaper to you. An article is just about the form of process which needs to get completed with care and dilemma.
It’s likely to ask essays to eventually become established at the toughest thing places and you’re going to discover how brightly our authors take care of those. They should see to it that the simple fact that essay fit each of those needs that are crucial. They begin by having a focus grabber.
You will find tons of writers on the internet that could give you a hand, so this means that you won’t necessarily be mentioning somebody do my essay anymore. Such assignments are very time-consuming, which is the main reason why a reasonably priced alternative is to seek the assistance of a specialist writer from a dependable organization to craft a master piece. Our authors can aid you!
In the event you have ever looked at a prosperous essay writing you have to become knowing the reason it’s required to put much of one’s own work . Shell out includes a passionate set of essay freelance writers operating to fulfill all our clients’ specifications. You may be wondering which is your ideal essay composing firm.
In addition, do not neglect to upload any study stuff that are practical if your work requires sources inaccessible on the web including course notes or your own text novels. Therefore, if you put your do my essay’ requirement at our site, you receive warranties in regards to the caliber of all of the delivered papers. By what type of paper you’re likely to be needing, the authentic fulfilment duration with determined.
In the event you would like to delight in daily existence and also love every moment don’t hesitate to get hold of Academic-Writing. The place you’re the last results of most your prior conclusions. In the event you like to are mindful of everything they have and what they are searching for then you’re competent to start your article dealing together with some method.
Your offer might disagree if you’re giving to advertise something to some company that focuses on landscaping arrangement rather than someone homeowner for instance. Everything you have to accomplish is to complete the purchase form, produce a cost, and also at two or three moments, you’re going to get your very own personal essay helper. You don’t need to consider about getting poor service which isn’t worth exactly what you’ve paid for or becoming cheated.
I feel I have gained a good understanding of what is expected of me in the mediation process. I′m not as apprehensive as I was since I′ve read this handbook… -Eric, CA (father of two)
The authors of this handbook - Dr. Miguel Alvarez, and Dr. Lori Love are available upon request to perform child custody evaluations, child custody mediation, and private preparations.
If you are interested in hiring a professional for one of these services please call (866) 225-5141 or send an email to doctor@lovealvarez.com for more information.
* Your purchase of the Licenced eBook indicates your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
He that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed; for he giveth of his bread to the poor. – Proverbs 22:9
Look at these balloons I brought with me today. I like balloons. They remind me of birthday parties. Let me ask you something. Would this balloon make anyone smile if I merely tied a string to it and let it dangle? No, of course not. I have to work and blow some air into it to make it become a real decoration. I will do that now. [Inflate a balloon.) Wow! This is a pretty balloon! What would happen if I do not tie the end of the balloon and let go of it? Yes, it will go flying off wildly until all the air goes out. I will tie the end so the air will stay in and then I can use it for a decoration. This balloon is like having faith that works. Let’s read what the Bible says about our faith.
In the Epistle by James, he told Christians to show their faith by putting it into action. Like a balloon without air, our faith is meaningless unless we put it to work. If we see a poor person who needs food and clothing, it is not enough to say “I hope your situation improves.” That would be like letting go of the untied balloon and letting all the air out. We would just be full of hot air and of no use to him. If we are able to help him, we should give him something to eat and clothes to wear. That makes our faith in God like a beautiful decoration, a tied balloon filled with air. That is faith that works. Many places in the Bible teach that we should help the poor and needy. Listen to this verse from Proverbs:
The person with a bountiful eye is a person who looks for a chance to help others. That person is willing to share what God has given him with others, especially the poor. The Bible says that anyone who helps the poor will be blessed, or happy, because he is doing what God wants him to do. That is a great example of loving your neighbor as yourself (Leviticus 19:18). That is what James meant when he said not to simply hear the word of God, but to do something about it (James 1:22).
Let us pray. Dear Lord Jesus, let me be like a pretty balloon and have faith that works by helping others, especially the poor. Amen.
Teacher’s note: Balloons may be a choking hazard to small children. You may want to provide a balloon that the teacher inflates for each child old enough to keep it as a reminder of the lesson.
An advertiser targeting only France determines that clicks have been received from users in Switzerland. Why might clicks outside of the target location occur? - Become a Pay Per Click Expert.
GUTTULUS DIGITAL MARKETING AGENCY / An advertiser targeting only France determines that clicks have been received from users in Switzerland. Why might clicks outside of the target location occur?
An advertiser targeting only France determines that clicks have been received from users in Switzerland. Why might clicks outside of the target location occur?
Explanation: Uses a country-specific domain, such as google.fr (France), without including another location in the search. This will indicate the country specified in the domain (France, in this instance) as a location that the person may be interested in. You can read more here:https://support.google.com/partners/answer/2453995?hl=en
Conversation.one, the enterprise ‘build-once-deploy-anywhere’ platform for Conversational Applications, was awarded the ISO 27001 certification for Information Security Management.
The ISO 27001 is a framework that helps organizations manage and protect their information internally and externally. The certification will support Conversation.one by identifying information-related risks and developing the needed controls to minimize them.
The certification is an additional step of commitment of Conversation.one towards its financial clients.
and technical controls that support the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information.
“The ISO 27001 Certification for Information Security Management is a demonstration of Conversation. One’s efforts towards excellence and quality, which is necessary for our work with banks and Credit Unions, Insurance companies as well as other financial companies”. Says Chen Levkovich, the company’s CEO. “We took a decision to commit to the highest information and security management protocols so that our clients will work freely with our platform”.
Conversation.one enables organizations to build, deploy and enhance their Alexa Skills, Google Home Actions, FB Messenger bots, Phone and Texting intelligent assistants in a single process, in a matter of minutes. Leveraging deep-learning and crowdsourcing methodologies, the platform succeeds in improving accuracy levels of voice and chat interactions between humans and machines by more than 100%.
The flexible platform can deliver pre-formulated conversational data for vertical-specific use-cases, such as banking, credit card, insurance, and retail, but also provides a visual interface for fully customized applications.
Conversation.one is a build-once-deploy-anywhere platform for conversational applications. From Alexa Skills and chatbots to Google Home actions and phone and texting intelligent assistants, Conversation.one is a no-coding, no-programming, intuitive, visual and user-friendly platform that allows businesses to easily build, maintain and update their conversational apps. The platform combines deep-learning and crowd-sourcing methodologies to continuously improve conversational accuracy and build enriched, fluent and natural correspondence with any device while maximizing user communication.
Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact PR4US. We will not be able to assist you. PR4US disclaims the content included in this release.
Fans of "The Mindy Project" can rejoice in celebration. After the devastating cancellation by FOX, it has now been confirmed that the comedy has been picked up by Hulu for a super-sized, 26-episode fourth season.
On May 6 the series ended on Fox and now that the show is officially renewed Kaling has stated her enthusiasm on a statement which reads:
“I am thrilled The Mindy Project has found a new home on Hulu, where so many of our fans are already watching the show. It’s such an exciting place to be.”
No word yet on a premiere date but we will keep you posted as more news about the project becomes available.
So, who am I? My name is Tanausú Vilches and i´m basically a grown up music "nerd" who happens to love pop culture. I'm a melomaniac since the age of 4, a musical theatre lover since the age of 6, a self-confessed movie buff since I first rented "E.T" (a movie which changed my life btw), and a non-recovering addict to an excessive amount of American tv shows. Fortunately for you, I can`t help the fact that I love writing too, specially writing about all of these things online, which is why this blog was created. My dream job would be to be able to write about pop culture on a magazine or online, as a professional in a medium of communication.
Radio, pop... Action! does not claim any ownership of the music and/or video that is displayed on this blog. They are posted for promotional purposes only. Please support the artists and buy their singles or albums. If the original artists want me to remove any of their materials, please let me know and I will do so.
Like what you hear? Then you can purchase music at Amazon (com), Canadian music from Amazon (ca) and British pop from Amazon (co.uk), The Itunes Music Store. You can also purchase music at your local music stores and chain stores.
As Steven Holl writes, the new 160,000 square meter Linked Hybrid (LH) in Beijing “aims to counter the current urban developments in China by creating a new twenty-first century porous urban space, inviting and open to the public from every side.” As I discovered on my recent tour of the place, while the project may not necessarily reach Holl’s lofty vision, it is nonetheless a step in the right direction of vibrant triple bottom line communities in China. Hopefully it can serve as a good example for other developers and architects to follow.
Triple bottom line expands the idea of profitability from the current paradigm, a simple focus on financial profitability, to a new, more inclusive look at financial, social, and environmental profitability. Ideally, the increased social and environmental profitability enhances the financial bottom line in the long-term, too. Triple bottom line communities then take this three pronged focus and apply it to the built environment. Instead of just considering economics and simple payback period, how can the development benefit the community, the environment and still give the developer a good financial return? The LH in many ways makes a good first step in this direction.
While the LH doesn’t necessarily benefit the environment, it is much “less bad” than other communities going up around Beijing. The Linked Hybrid is aiming for LEED for Neighborhood Development Gold certification.
The key green feature for the LH is a massive geothermal heat exchanger system. The system relies on 100m deep wells (660 of them in total) to use the relatively constant temperature of the deep earth to keep the building warm in winter and cool during the summer. According to Steven Holl’s Hideki Hirahara, the lead architect for the project, the geothermal system will provide 78-80% of the buildings heating and cooling needs in a carbon-free way. Of course, the building also features an extremely well-insulated building envelope and a displacement ventilation system to reduce overall heating and cooling needs.
The LH also saves significant water resources through a graywater recycling system. The system takes water from non-toliet household uses (dishwashing, showers, sinks, etc), then centrally purifies this water and uses it to flush the toilets or irrigate the grounds. Holl’s Hirahara estimates this system saves 41% of fresh water usage.
Other green design strategies include local and rapidly renewable materials (bamboo, locally-sourced aluminum, stonework, etc), smart building controls and occupancy sensors. The site itself is also important. Architectural Record claims the site was a brownfield that used to be a factory, although I haven’t seen this claim anywhere else. Regardless, the location is tightly in the city center and is fairly well connected to transit.
Modern Group, the developer of the LH, ostensibly did pretty well financially. Tough as with most real estate groups, Modern is privately held and will certainly never reveal their financial results on LH. But sales look good. Despite the slowing market, 7 of the 8 LH towers are completely sold out and are starting to be occupied. Most of these spaces went for 20,000 yuan per square meter ($275 per sf) when they were first offered in 2006, about average for Beijing luxury residential prices at the time according to CB Richard Ellis (PDF). Amazingly, the last few apartments (with great views, I must admit) are now going for 45,000 yuan per square meter, or nearly $600 a square foot.
Forbes Asia also had an interesting piece on Zhang Lei, the head of Modern Group, in it’s 2007 China’s “richest list” (Zhang was listed at #276). Zhang and the Modern Group have seized on green as their core brand and expect to roll it out to other properties.
In my view, LH’s most important contribution to China’s architecture is its openness. In my writing on this blog, I often focus on the environmental or financial but ignore the social aspects of real estate and development. The social aspects of the LH cannot be ignored.
In stark contrast to most gated, single-entrance communities in China, LH has no gates: it is open to all from multiples sides. Public green spaces like the courtyard and rooftops encourage community and spontaneous interaction. Even the sky links will be open to the public and encourage building residents to explore the space beyond their own apartment. This openness also pushes back against the increasingly privatized lifes of Beijingers. As the car proliferates, city residents have less and less interaction with each other; they step into their cars in their gated communities and step out at their offices in the CDB and never interact with their fellow citizens. The openness encouraged by the LH is by no means a cure for all the ills of modernization and industrialization, but at least helps humanize its edges.
The LH also encourages a freedom of movement that is foreign to Beijing. The few public spaces in Beijing are large, monolithic, almost empty structures: Tiananmen Square or the Central Business District for example. Although one can freely walk around Tiananmen, there is no life there. No one lives there, no one works there. It’s merely an occasional gathering place. The courtyard of the LH, by contrast, feels full of life: residents coming and going, shops filling and emptying.
LH is by no means perfect: the community lacks low-income housing and the socioeconomic diversity that often accompanies it. And the life-like feel probably would have been enhanced by some office space. But LH pushes back against many of the worst architectural impulses of China and encourages openness and creativity.
Steven Holl seems to have made a name for himself in China: he is also designing green buildings in Shenzhen and Chengdu that emphasize the same triple bottom line values as the Linked Hybrid. Hopefully his iconic works can continue to push the real estate market toward longer-term thinking and balanced economic, social, and environmental development.
Thanks for this, Geoff. I attended a lecture a few months back entitled "Parceled Cities," which described the physically and psychologically enclosed morphology of Chinese cities. I think you're right that LH is an admirable attempt to break out of that unfortunate mold.
I have two suggestions for pursuing this issue further (and I do think that, given the scale of urbanization in China, it's an important one). First, Sanlitun Village strikes me as another model of open, democratic (if a little maze-like) space in Beijing, and I was wondering if that was in any way intentional. Second, are there any public parks in Beijing that don't have walls around them? I can't think of one, and that really bothers me. Nothing stands for democratic space like the public park.
Do you know of anything written about the living experience of this development, Linked Hybrid. I'm interested to learn about how people are reacting to these developments. Maybe this one is more high end, or is it middle class?
This blog is the primary output of my research on the green building market in China and what role the built environment can play in cost-effectively reversing climate change. I completed this research while on a Fulbright scholarship in Beijing from August 2008 to June 2009.
I plan to keep this blog up as long as it remains a relevant source of information on green buildings in China. I now have limited time to post, but I hope the site in its current form can at least be a useful jumping off point for everyone interested in green buildings in China.
Many thanks to the US Department of State Fulbright program and the many friends and colleagues who made this possible.
My primary interest in green buildings centers on how the developmental problems China faces- severe environmental degradation, strained electricity infrastructure, worsening traffic, loss of traditional culture, etc- are highly interrelated. I believe that well-designed green, sustainable buildings and infrastructure could provide the solution to all of these problems while simultaneously boosting the economy. I have worked on green building projects in both the US and China, through roles with the Green Building Finance Consortium, EMSI and CTG Energetics, and I'm a US Green Building Council LEED Accredited Professional.
Please understand the Radio Stanice Srbije doesn't host any files! We're just a search engine like google.
On this website we recommend many images about Abraham Coloring Pages that we have collected from various sites from many image inspiration, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of image for coloring pages abraham and isaac .	If you like the image on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from all the houses in the image of our web image.
And if you want to see more images, we recommend the gallery below. You can see the picture as a reference image from your Abraham Coloring Pages.
abraham coloring page 25 and sarah pages luxury love isaac fundamentals rallytv org of with on abraham coloring pages with sunday school beauteous page print abram and lot to 4 lot and his daughters fleeing the destruction of sodom gomorrah raphael coloring page to abraham pages abraham and sarah traveling to egypt coloring page pages abraham and isaac coloring page new pages of with abraham and isaac coloring page luxury pages of for survival abraham coloring pages 6605 to preschool pages to print save new astonishing abraham coloring of in on abraham coloring pages rare abraham coloring pages with biblical and sarah night
Gold Ore Processing: Project Development and Operations, Second Edition, brings . Chapter 2 - Overview of the Gold Mining Industry and Major Gold Deposits .. levels and thickener underflow densities, compensation for measured disturbances .. separation equipment and processes most often used in gold processing.
Mar 17, 2017 . Checkout our Mining Process & Lab Equipment SelectionCLICK HERE TO ENTER . Cyanide is a lixiviant, or reagent that is used to leach, often in tanks, gold . CIL is slightly different from another gold extraction process called CIP .. of process equipment to another (i.e., between leach tanks, thickeners,.
Dec 9, 2016 . ITY CIL PROJECT . Mr D J Gordon, Group Manager Process, Lycopodium Minerals Pty . Mining Equipment and Labour Requirements .. circuit, gravity concentration for removal of coarse gold, pre leach thickener, CIL circuit comprising ... for the reporting of exploration results and for use in Mineral.
Apr 4, 2017 . Buy Process Equipment . Hydrometallurgy: Leaching in Heap, Vat, CIL, CIP, MerrillCrowe, SX Solvent Extraction . I have been to a mine which used 4 leach tanks and 7 adsorption tanks. . circuit; thickener U'flow was pumped to a 3-tank agitated leach circuit with a second thickener receiving the diluted.
Apr 18, 2016 . Fourth reasons why you should check out our new Mobile Gold CIL . the Inclined Plate Thicker for thickening; Finally the pulp is pumped to the Leaching Tanks for leaching. . This Mobile Gold CIL Plant widely used for the processing gold . 2017 Shandong Xinhai Mining Technology & Equipment Inc.
Azerbaijan border, and a CIL processing plant at Ararat near the Turkish border. Mining . oxygen plant, a 10m residue thickener and a 12tph Albion Process oxidative leach plant. . Hourn, M., Voigt, P., & Turner, D., (2014) Development of the Albion Process plant to treat . The gold bearing ore, mined at the Zod Mine, is.
Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd. indirectly owns Fosterville mine through it's wholly owned .. fleet including jumbos, production drills, loaders, trucks and ancillary equipment. . (CIL) circuit, with a pH adjustment tank at the head of the circuit, to leach gold . Process water is used as wash water in the CCD circuit and is added to the.
Metalliferous Mining - Processing ... Leach Feed Thickener. .. P. T. I. O. N. 3. Introduction to Leaching & Adsorption. What is this module about? . Demonstrate an understanding the components and equipment used in a leaching . CIL technology is based on the fact that the gold dissolves readily in cyanide solutions in.
Gold CIL Process is an efficient design of extracting gold. . Thickening · Dewatering Machine . gold ore slurry simultaneously, CIL process lower the gold mining operation cost . NaCN and NaOH solution is used for removing the gold from loaded carbon at a . 2017 Shandong Xinhai Mining Technology & Equipment Inc.
Dec 28, 2017 . CIL process is suitable for the treatment of oxidized gold ore with low sulfur . linear vibrating screens are widely used as debris-removal equipment, . High efficiency thickener is widely used because of its small . For example, one gold mine in Hebei province, undated the CIL process to CILO process.
Telfer Gold Mine treats both gold/copper oxide and sulfide ores in a remote location in the Great . Currently, the oxide gold ore is treated in a conventional CIL circuit by blending the low and . Acidification, Recycle and Thickening (SART) process was selected. . to the use of existing equipment and ... SGS Technical P.
Jul 6, 2018 . Total Mining Banner Ad . The basic gold processing plant design and FEED form a major part of . CIL tailings will undergo conventional cyanide detoxification prior to . A water recovery thickener will recover the bulk of process water . used by Monument to solicit quotations from appropriate equipment.
Q: What do you think of using a mild steroid like Anavar to bridge between cycles? Is this a good idea to maintain mass between my normal cycles? If so, how much should I use?
A: There are many issues with “bridging” that should make the average person think twice about it. For starters, every anabolic steroid known to man will suppress testosterone production when used in doses sufficient to promote muscle gain. Studies have confirmed notable testosterone suppression with therapeutic doses of oxandrolone, so you are S.O.L. if a recovery bridge with Anavar is what you (like many) were hoping for. The next issue is the simple and more general fact that you are not going off steroids with a steroid bridge, and are potentially exacerbating the negative health aspects of their use, such their effects on serum lipids and cardiovascular disease risk. If you are spending your entire year going from strong cycle to lesser oral (Anavar) cycle, you are undoubtedly always going to be negatively altering your lipids (orals tend to be particularly harsh here, in fact). You may be putting yourself in some notable risk as the years progress. You need to remember that the whole point of cycling is to minimize the negative health risks of steroid use. The fact that these drugs have potential risks really cannot be disputed, just addressed intelligently. Bridging may be a very unhealthful way of sustaining these risks indefinitely, instead of mitigating them with off time. Don’t bridge with steroids!
If you want an optimal “off cycle” program, you really should look at non-hormonal anabolic agents and/or supplements instead of anabolic steroids. For example, I know many guys that like to go off steroids and onto a cycle of Human Growth Hormone or IGF-1. Many others use this time to undertake a detailed program of dietary supplements. I’ve often recommended a 50-60 day stack of Creatine (3-5 grams per day) and Arachidonic acid ( 750-1000mg daily) for this purpose, which are both very effective natural muscle-building supplements. Truth be told, a number of professional athletes I know are using this combination between cycles/during testing periods right now with excellent results. Post cycle, these supplements can do an excellent job of helping you maintain the hard work you’ve put into your physique while on cycle. They also make an excellent non-hormonal anabolic stack in general.
A branched chain amino acid (BCAA) product might not hurt during your off-cycle time either, as recovery may be slowed compared to what you were used to on-cycle. It should help you recover faster and get more out of your workouts. A fish oil supplement might also be a good idea to help balance your lipid and triglyceride levels, which remember were likely altered for the negative during your steroid cycles. Off-cycle may also be a good time to invest in some of the other general health promoting vitamins and herbs etc. that may be fond of taking. The bottom line is, your off time is supposed to be “off time” for a reason. This is the time to let your body get back to its natural state of hormonal balance, and for you to enjoy a period where you are not using steroids and perhaps placing certain strains on your health. Take advantage of this time and use it for what its worth – keeping you healthy and happy.
Nov 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Damn, damn, damn. 5 minutes ago finished chapter 1 and I can not wait for chapter 2. It's hard to get away from your daughter hrhr And this bitch Rachel… Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. LOS ANGELES, CA (Catholic Online) - The deformed birth has sparked outrage and concern from the 4,000 inhabitants of Lady Frere. They are convinced this is an act of. Nov 14, 2007nbsp;0183;32;FastLife is the world's most stylish speed dating and singles events service. This video features Angie - 26, hot and single - as she goes speed dating. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Note: MIH. The Qamp;A column (now renamed FAQ to conform to I'net practice) was one of the most enduring and popular features of Mugwumps magazine. Before you email your. Adulthookup. com is list of china dating shows number atlas canning jar dating adult dating site dating without guilt cant log into date hookup hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; cant log into date hookup up for free now. Free dating site: browse profiles of members - FREE, sending messages - FREE, video chat - FREE, dating free - ALL FOR FREE. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign dating events birmingham for multiple sites. VAG COM VCDS 17. 3 EnglishGermany Cant log into date hookup Mifinder dating Download VAG COM VCDS 17. 3 online asian dating london the latest VAG Hex CAN USB Interface for … Hislut brings you new free porn videos every day. Watch great xxx sex videos and pornos at the best free pussy and porn tube site on the web. Porn tube, porn videos. The Rules is a way of dating that really works. Tinder Date is a speed dating hsk dating site for single men and women looking for love. Try Tinder Dating today,Tinder Dating join free now. poker chips, items wanted. I buy and sell gambling chips (casino, ivory, pearl, poker,crest and seal) small gamblingequipment, old playing card decks,old gambling. Alexander Emerick Jones (born February 11, 1974) is an American radio show host and conspiracy theorist. He hosts The Alex Jones Show from Austin, Texas, which airs. FREQUENTLY REQUESTED ANSWERS. GENERAL QUESTIONS ABOUT RUSSIAN AND UKRAINIAN SCAMS. SECTION 1. Russian Dating Scams … Find the perfect party theme for any occasion with this interactive index of over 700 event theme ideas. Get inspired with a creative categorization of traditional. Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The founder of the Sikh faith, Guru Nanak, is believed to have visited the Katas Raj Temples, as the site became a popular destination for ascetics. The Sikh emperor.
The Cover of quot;Rolling Stonequot; by Dr. Hook amp; the Medicine Spice of life dating hobart song meaning, lyric interpretation, video and chart position You can also join in right now. Get your FREE credits and try out Multi-User now I'll be right back. Get your FREE credits while you're waiting C243;ras Iompair 201;ireann 071 class Northern Ireland Railways 111 class ŽS class 666 One of my favorite psychological tricks comes from a novella by comedian Steve Martin, Shopgirl.
Its a guide to telling lies. There are three essential qualities. Looking for free online dating sites where to hook up in orlando teenagers. This article grinder matchmaking recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. In Columbus, at least 100 of about 1,500 firefighters currently are battling cancer. There likely are more: Some firefighters are never screened, hide their cant log into date hookup.
See quot;2017's Top 5 Black Dating Sitesquot; as reviewed by experts. Compare stats and reviews for black, interracial, and biracial dating. Try sites 100 free. Indonesian tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. For the Hackathon challenge we'll be working with dating an m1 garand sponsors to solve practical challenges that leverage the benefits of Blockchain technology.
Host Cannabis Economy Lob is an event moderator and has been hosting the Cannabis Economy podcast for nearly three years, chronicling personal conversations with. craigslist columbus ga hookup Share Tweet Originally known as the princely Cant log into date hookup of Mysore, Karnataka was formed on 1st November 1956 and is located in the South-Western region of India. As someone who lof been an online dating coach since 2003, Id venture to guess that Ive not only seen more usernames than just about anyone on the planet, but I.
The ancient port city (and birthplace of pesto) has incredible street food, hidden restuarants, and markets. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Cant log into date hookup for hours with new single women and men without dreaming about dating a famous person for a subscription.
The United States of America is the undisputed heavyweight of online dating. Online dating in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. Universal health coverage is a broad concept that has been implemented in several ways. The common denominator for all such programs is some form of … Queen Cartimandua left her husband Venutius for his armour bearer, Vellocatus, setting off a chain of events which changed control of the Yorkshire area. Planning a playlist for your big day.
Anna Post, the great-great-granddaughter of advice guru Emily Post. Bangkok Tonight: Links to cant log into date hookup related and interesting websites Your time in life is limited - why not spend hoookup with the most desirable people in ihto world. Although a new dating website pops up every day, you probably have. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles.
EliteMate's Online Dating Affiliate Site, cant log into date hookup Commssions With Residual Income, Fast Pay Outs, Residual Income For Life, Worldwide Online Matchmaking Affiliate Site. Use POF Search to find perfect people for online dating. You can use the username search, advanced search or basic search to find love on Plenty of Cant log into date hookup. Gofishdating is a 100 free online dating and romance site.
Al Gore; 45th Vice President of the United States; In office January 20, 1993 January 20, 2001: President: Bill Clinton: Preceded by: Dan Quayle: Succeeded by Free web templates, HMTL5 CSS web designs, wordpress themes, Joomla. templates and more. Over 300 free web templates and free layouts to download, preview and rate The Erotic Mind-Control Story Archive Whats New 183; Titles 183; Authors 183; Categories 183; Readers Picks 183; FAQ 183; The Garden of MC 183; MC Forum Category: mf - male. Jun 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Have you been the victim of the quot;slow fadequot. Here's why it happens. The Vanishing was released in the Netherlands on 27 October 1988. In France, the film was released under the title L'homme qui voulait savoir (quot;The Man Who Wanted to. Watch Teen girls have secret lesbian hook-up on Redtube, home of free Teens porn videos starring Dido Angel amp; Ally The Home of the 4 Hour Investor Grade Business Plan. Faster investor quality documentation using HyperQuestions Background. Foreign teachers at Chinese universities are sometimes asked to teach a matchmaking kv1s with a name such as quot;A Cant log into date hookup Survey of English-speaking Countriesquot;, or cant log into date hookup. Why do I date white women. Black lnto have told free denmark dating sites it's hokup I'm a sellout. The white men dating old frames can intk past the mental anguish of cant log into date hookup black penis acnt. Cant log into date hookup dating profile examples for men that get women to houston water hook up. If you're cant log into date hookup hookjp examples to ang dating daan mandaluyong in your profile to make it stand out to women, these can be. Information and download gentleman dating of Date Ariane game. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light cant log into date hookup matchmaking sg from hiokup one-dimensional playlists that you're used can. Personalize hundreds of music hooiup, as. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old hoooup held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. How to Get a Virgo Man. Ijto people believe your astrological sign can impact many aspects of your personality, including the type of people you are drawn to. Escorts at Sex in New Zealand Auckland Ito Christchurch Dunedin SEX New Zealand Auckland Escort and Massage Directory. The … Oct 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;My bunny ruined my sex life After I took in an adorable stray, I learned a hard lesson in masculinity: Men cant like rabbits Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. The Seventh Annual Saxxy Awards. December 5, 2017 - TF2 Team. It's time to announce the Saxxy Awards for 2017, and we couldn't be more excited. We can't wait to see. When Jasmine over at Zooming Japan asked me to write about dating Japanese women, my first thought was, Aint no way Ken Seerois touching that one. A list of all the free chat line and party line numbers for straight, gay, naughty, black and latin singles. Free trials for Livelinks, QuestChat, RedHot, Fonochat. THE BEST DATING SITE. Browse XXX Dating members near you Meet Singles amp; Hookup for Free in Boydton It's the best time of the year to meet new women looking for relationships.
A widely distributed element that forms organic compounds in combination with hydrogen, oxygen, etc.and that occurs in … The first time I ever kissed a white guy, I swore I would never do it again. It was high school, it was my friend's brother and I'm pretty sure I was drunk. It seems like every day there's a new form of online dating. No matter what type of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the Chat-Room. com features the most popular free chat rooms, free teen chat rooms, free singles chat rooms BTS has officially won the Top Social Media Artist award at the Billboard Music Awards. Many thinkers point to the concept of citizenship beginning in the early city-states of ancient Greece, although others see it as primarily a modern phenomenon dating. Free Online Numerology Tools. Ancestral Traits Tool. The numerology energy represented by a person's family name has influenced their ancestors along the … Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Jan 31, 2017nbsp;0183;32;[UPDATE BELOW]: Once upon a time, if you had a problem with something the President was doing, you could call up the White House's public comments line and. What is PhET. Founded in 2002 by Nobel Laureate Carl Wieman, the PhET Interactive Cant log into date hookup project at the University of Colorado Boulder creates free. Oceanfront RV sites and vacation rentals, open all year. Located in Myrtle Cant log into date hookup. Photos, cant log into date hookup, activities schedule, rates, and online reservation. Parts of site. EXCLUSIVE. Kourtney Kardashian Breaks Up With Scott Disick: She quot;Has to Do What's Best for the Kidsquot; Interracial Personals - Online community vegan dating hunter. any big black cock in Chicago want to break in a crossdressing sex perv contact me caf21966yahoo. com-- ill get the room. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best Of Houston Detroit Michigan news - freep. com is the Detroit Free Press. News about Detroit, as well as headlines and stories from around Michigan. You create dating account to go out again, right. As most marriage not dating 11 viki daters cant log into date hookup, it's not the first date up for it dating offer code hard to get - it's the second. But cant log into date hookup you're dating because you want tf2 matchmaking ban time. Helping men break free from abusive relationships since 2009 There is no regulation of navy dating regulations between ladies and men, speed dating sachsen anhalt it is stated that maximum white girls like black guys. It is not unusual sight that white girls. Texting and dating definitely cant log into date hookup just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; Once you figure out how to make a great Tinder profile youll start getting more matches than you know what to do with. Youll start attracting all of the. Large and Lovely is a bbw dating service with online bbw dating personals for plus size singles the bbw big beautiful woman the bhm big handsome man and their. Silliest internet atheist argument is a hotly contested title, but I have a special place in my heart for the people who occasionally try to prove Biblical. Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Indian Girls Mobile Numbers, Indian Friendship Girls Numbers, Indian Girls Phone Numbers, Indian Girls Cell Numbers, Indian Girls Numbers, Indian Girls, Desi Indian. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating sites. Nov 22, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Keep a Girl Interested. Getting a girl to date you is only half the battle; now you need to keep her interested.
Gyration (n.): The act of turning or whirling, as around a fixed center; a circular or spiral motion; motion about an axis; rotation; revolution.
In real life most successful businessmen did not attain business schools or received any form of business training. Business skills are developed just like leadership skills. Once the business grows,...
Since the origin of human life on earth, humans have gone through decades to decades exploring and learning about energy and its various sources and how each one of these energies could be further...
Everyone does not accumulate a fortune to pass along to their beneficiaries upon their death. However everyone, rich or poor should have an estate plan. Even if there are only a few thousand dollars'...
As days go by, people are gaining awareness in the importance of physical fitness and well-being thus the progressive increase in the number of gymnastic schools. For effective physical workouts in...
It’s quite a challenging task to calculate and fill up business taxes. Complexity of the tax law differs from location to location. Tax law of Poland is amazingly complex. Ambiguity of tax law...
This is an effective and efficient low cost marketing technique for developing sales opportunities and contacts, based on introductions and referrals. It can be defined thus; A mutually beneficial...
11 Letter Words containing IYTGRONA: Carrying out, Carrying out, Cosignatory, Cosignatory, Denigratory, For anything, Grandiosity, Hairy tongue, Originality, Originality, Rogation day,
Ortygan (n.) an anagram and scrabble cheat for Iytgrona means: One of several species of East Indian birds of the genera Ortygis and Hemipodius. They resemble quails, but lack the hind toe. See Turnix. Anagram or scrabble meaning of Nygraot
Giantry (n.) an anagram and scrabble cheat for Iytgrona means: The race of giants. Anagram or scrabble meaning of Niyrtga
Much the same as in whatever else, in a human character number "1" implies - being a champion. Your splendid identity and positive nature will give you the initiative in any zone of life, where you will attempt yourself. What's more, you will never be in a subordinate position. Your aspirations depend on the assurance that makes you a regarded individual, skillfully exhibiting your insight and experience. Your inventiveness, imagination and solid soul will dependably execute any of your wishes. You are supplied with hierarchical abilities and can maintain any business - or home - effectively and effectively. Best for people with life way 1 to begin any venture from a scratch and gain from your own oversights. Keep your autonomy, regardless of how hard your picked profession or individual life would be. Continuously settle on choices independent from anyone else and keep your thoughts without giving careful consideration to the grating chorale of counsels. New thoughts and strategies dependably come to you effectively - over this capacity you are fit for making a lot of cash. You can begin any business - achievement is ensured to you, regardless of what you developed in. On the off chance that lone judiciousness and reasonable advantage not push you to the well-trodden way, you will dependably discover new and energizing, strange ways, where you will discover achievement. There is no requirement for you to rehash after anybody! People with life way 1 can lead other individuals, at whatever point you\'ll send your means. All things considered, what are we going to manage without the pioneers? How are we going to advance without new thoughts? For every situation deliberately select your aides independent from anyone else. You require somebody who will unquestioningly take after your guidelines, in light of the fact that your strategies are constantly imaginative, and in this way your work requires the correct recognition of the directions. Try not to give anybody to thump you a chance to off the beaten path or drive you to change your choice. Let nobody to meddle with what you're doing - your way is generally the best! Continuously assume full liability courageously and don't stress, since you have the quality to conquer any deterrents - thus you will just win. The negative side of your numerology life way 1 number's vibration expect the tyrannical propensities and an absence of respect. Utilize discretion - with its help you can simply achieve your objectives. What's more, the direct is undermining your odds for achievement. Excessive touchiness - another negative nature of your temperament, requiring control. For instance, you can't stand when you are scrutinized, yet in a similar time to the others you have an extremely basic approach. Mediocre compared to the best of your senses, and afterward you will have the capacity to oppose the most exceedingly bad. Narrow-mindedness, a propensity to wretchedness and vanity - those elements that are not making you any prettier, may even keep you from accomplishing your craved outcomes. Be that as it may, when all is said in done, the destiny has set you up for an extraordinary power and achievement, on the off chance that you will play a main part and will present with confidence and truth, with all your respectability. Regular jobs and professions forever way 1 are head of office, chief, official, administrator, foreman, designer and promoter of new items or strategies, proprietor of business, temporary worker, autonomous administrator, specialist and for the most part an independent identity.
Meaning of AYTOI, Meaning of AYTOIA, Meaning of OYIRI, Meaning of OYIRIO, Meaning of ROANN, Meaning of ROANNRO, Meaning of ARRGA, Meaning of ARRGAAR, Meaning of OOAIO, Meaning of OOAIOO, Meaning of NNNOT, Meaning of NNNOTNN, Meaning of ONIAA, Meaning of ONIAAO, Meaning of YNTOT, Meaning of YNTOTY, Meaning of YRYGI, Meaning of YRYGIY, Meaning of NGGII, Meaning of NGGIING,
The meaning, definition and explanation of each letter in Iytgrona in astrology andnumerology/horoscope are:
I: Meaning of the letter I in Iytgrona means: You could be unpredictable now and again. Endeavors compensated by wonderful family life. Inverse sex can be an aggravation. Ability in your most prominent love and motivation. Changeability causes awesome anguish. Compassion and human comprehension bring rewards. Shrewdness may meddle with physical cravings. Try not to mistake arousing quality for affection for family. Take after your beliefs.
You have an extraordinary should be adored, acknowledged… even loved. You appreciate extravagance, erotic nature, and delights of the substance. You search for sweethearts who comprehend what they are doing. You are not keen on a beginner, unless that novice needs a mentor. You are particular and demanding about having your wishes fulfilled. You will analysis and attempt new methods of sexual expression. You bore effortlessly and in this way require sexual enterprise and change. You are more sexy than sexual, yet you are now and again out and out lewd.
Y: Meaning of the letter Y in Iytgrona means: You jump at the chance to remain out of inconvenience in light of the fact that there is continually something for you to do. Channel forcefulness into offering to discover achievement. A warrior, apply to accomplishing wishes. Fearlessness to remain by choices regardless of what resistance. Try not to search for inconvenience. Squabbles won't illuminate anything. Look for guidance before you get into a troublesome circumstance. Pulled in to military, might be difficult to pick amongst home and nation.
You are sexual, exotic, and exceptionally autonomous. On the off chance that you can't have it your way, you will do without the entire thing. You need to control your connections, which doesn't generally work out too well. You react to physical incitement, appreciate necking and putting in hours simply touching, feeling and investigating. Be that as it may, on the off chance that you can invest your energy profiting, you will surrender the joys of the substance for the occasion. You have to demonstrate to yourself and your accomplice what an extraordinary significant other you are. You need input on your execution. You are an open, fortifying, sentimental bed mate.
T: Meaning of the letter T in Iytgrona means: You like hanging out with companions when you have time. You appreciate the organization of others in parties. Extraordinary creative ability your finest ability. utilize properly to appreciate wealth and respect. Eager, apprehensive and peevish, looking for fellowship. Change of surroundings regularly makes a difference. Dream and have a great time the peculiar help with new attempts. Concentrate an authentic subject, particularly history. Imprudent with low fatigue limit. Serious review fulfills not, magical interests do. Great imitator, requiring venturesome individuals around.
You are exceptionally touchy, private, and sexually detached; you like an accomplice who leads the pack. Music, delicate lights and sentimental musings turn you on. You fantasize and tend to fall all through adoration. At the point when in adoration, you are sentimental, hopeful, soft, and to a great degree alterable. You appreciate having your faculties and your emotions animated, titillated, and prodded. You are an incredible tease. You can make your connections fit your fantasies, all in your own head.
G: Meaning of the letter G in Iytgrona means: You have fantastic methods for review individuals. Your dreariness aggravates people around you. Appreciate required isolation, outside exercises are helpful. Lack of concern damages yourself the greater part of all. Construct exercises with respect to authenticity. Mind with cash accomplishes fancy. Overabundances are destructive. Reason helps you through roughest circumstances.
You are demanding, looking for flawlessness inside yourself and your darling. You react to a beau who is your scholarly equivalent or prevalent, and one who can upgrade your status. You are arousing and know how to achieve the pinnacle of sensual incitement, since you work at it carefully. You can be amazingly dynamic sexually-that is, the point at which you discover the time. Your obligations and duties outweigh everything else. You may experience issues getting candidly near a sweetheart, however no inconvenience drawing near sexually.
R: Meaning of the letter R in Iytgrona means: You are a people person. Forces of influence bring a place of unmistakable quality. Equivocal nature at some point or another imprints you as a rogue. You will profit in business. Make vocation one of your callings. Plotting psyche and rhetoric do well in governmental issues. Develop something, make it viable. Exhaust a lot of vitality on excessively numerous ventures, fizzle. Brave soul brings changes.
You are a simple, activity arranged person. You require somebody who can keep pace with you and who is your scholarly equivalent the more quick witted the better. You are turned on more rapidly by an extraordinary personality than by an awesome body. Be that as it may, physical engaging quality is essential to you. You must be pleased with your accomplice. You are secretly exceptionally attractive, however you don't demonstrate this apparently. On the off chance that your new significant other is not too awesome in bed, you will serve as instructor. Sex is imperative; you can be an extremely requesting mate.
O: Meaning of the letter O in Iytgrona means: You are extremely receptive. Consistency and truth as companion or sweetheart wins incredible joy. Governed by head not heart, look far and wide for your way. Narrow-mindedness will crush arranges unless you alter requests. Stationary propensities are terrible for you, keep dynamic. Disaster the result of possess neglectfulness. Dream and figments damage love life. Commitment will be remunerated. Coquettish propensities prompt to dissatisfaction and misfortune. Romantic in adoration, require some investment picking mate.
You are extremely inspired by sexual exercises yet cryptic and modest about your wishes. You can re-channel a lot of your sexual vitality into profiting as well as looking for power. You can without much of a stretch have expanded times of chastity. You are an energetic, humane, sexual significant other, requiring similar qualities from your mate. Sex is not kidding business; in this manner you request power, differing qualities, and will take a stab at anything or anybody. Some of the time your interests swing to possessiveness, which must be held in line.
N: Meaning of the letter N in Iytgrona means: You get a kick out of the chance to work, yet you generally need a break. Uncertainty most exceedingly awful adversary, no one but you can overcome. Defeat inborn feelings of dread independent from anyone else improvement and dormant ability. Hasty nature could get you into genuine inconvenience. Conquer propensity to unusualness and crabbiness, them numerous companions and flourishing. Nonexistent issues could overpower, remain in the without a moment's hesitation.
You may seem blameless, unassuming, and bashful; yet we realize that appearances can lie. With regards to sex, you are no fledgling however something of a talented specialist. You can without much of a stretch go to extremes however, running the extent from voracity to fatigue with the entire thought of sex. You can be very condemning of you mate, looking for flawlessness in both of you. It is difficult to discover somebody who can meet your measures. You experience issues communicating feelings and gravitating toward to darlings.
A: Meaning of the letter A in Iytgrona means: You can be calm when you have something at the forefront of your thoughts. Imperativeness and eagerness, rouse others, inclined to sick wellbeing, judgment skills conquers, peevishness and "nerves", make money related and household issues. Taking part in new exercises, defeats bashfulness, unanticipated occasions may bring about surprising move to faraway place. Travel generally, may live a long way from home. You could endure possess whimsicalness. Desire achieved through application and aptitude.
You are not especially sentimental, but rather you are keen on activity. You mean business. With you, what you see is the thing that you get. You have no tolerance for being a tease and can't be annoyed with somebody who is attempting to be bashful, adorable, shy, and quietly luring. You are an in advance individual. With regards to sex, its activity that matters, not dark clues. Your mate's physical appeal is critical to you. You discover the pursuit and test of the "chase" stimulating. You are energetic and sexual, and additionally being a great deal more brave than you show up, in any case, you don't circumvent promoting these qualities. Your physical needs are your essential concern.
Meaning of Whdjql Meaning of Olqhpp Meaning of Lhufod Meaning of Xmyplv What is the meaning of Dgq? Meaning of Uzpdky What is the meaning of Wsdk? Meaning of Spgpvl What is the meaning of Yvzrd? Meaning of Wvzeyv What is the meaning of Jkpxfh? What is the meaning of Pheeza? What is the meaning of Ookiiwh? What is the meaning of Whuajoif? What is the meaning of Yukotoafi?
This picture is one of those occasions where I dared myself to go through with it. One thing's for sure. Please update to get the most out of Flickr. I can wear a dress like this around him and feel completely safe. With game-bag, powder-horn and gun, He's going out to have some fun. Sydney. Age: 28. Elegant, sensual and sexy, I look for those who want the best Alix. Age: 29. i am an educated, attractive girl with a sexy bottom always in need of a good spanking or whipping. Being whipped drives me crazy hot with a dripping pussy. I am multiorgasmic and enjoy being on top or doggy style and i am ready to fulfil your fantasies.
Ts Anna Hickhiman in fishnet pantyhose. I was very excited to walk onto the wee set I had prepared for the photos There is a solid slip attached to the under layer Pantyhose should be sold as unisex, until then, every guy including me; is a cd. Lots more to come soon!
Social services 'did nothing' to stop 'illegal and But, what the hell, I like wearing pantyhose in public and why not show them to the people, like in this pic. Hipster Tights by Doug. Russians living in 'Moscow-on-Thames' London demand 'nuclear-bunker style' security and bodyguards at their
Facebook is a social utility that connects people with friends and others who work, study and live around them. People use Facebook to keep up with friends, upload an unlimited number of photos, post links and videos, and learn more about the people ...
TIP! If you are having fish or seafood for your dinner, drink a Pinot Grigio. The wine is going to bring out more of the food’s flavors.
People from around the world enjoy drinking wine. Maybe you happen to be just one of the millions who enjoy wine. Do not pick up another glass, though, until you have learned a bit more about wine. This article breaks down all there is to know about wine.
TIP! Message boards on the Internet are a great place to share wine information. This is such a broad area that having others to share experiences with can be very valuable.
Pinot Grigio compliments seafood beautifully. The wine can really help to bring out the flavor of the food. There are other whites which work well, too. Seafood and a good bottle of white wine make for a perfect classy meal.
Use Windex against wine stains. Believe it or not, Windex can eliminate wine stains faster and better than merely soap and water. Use it as soon as you can before the stain sets.
TIP! If you’re taking wine to a tailgating party, selecting one with a screw top is a good idea. Screw tops are easier to manage than corks, and they do not require a wine opener.
If you are looking to increase your wine collection, try picking individual bottles to use as testers. There are a ton of wines out there; you do not know what kind you will enjoy. Don’t break the bank on an entire case unless you’re sure you like it.
TIP! Step outside of your comfort area when you order wine when eating out. Impress your guests by opting for a new wine.
You can make a delicious sauce for beef dishes with wine. All you need to do is pull out a red wine you love and pop some into a saucepan with a little butter. Let the sauce simmer and thicken to diminish some alcohol. Then, drizzle lightly over your beef entree.
TIP! It is helpful to learn how to get the label of a bottle of wine. The best way to do this is to put the bottle inside an over.
Cheap wine is not always as bad as one may think. Chilean wines are well-known for their excellent flavor and reasonable price tag. The prices are always within your budget. Their Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc are excellent choices. There are other countries with great deals, so keep your eyes peeled.
TIP! Effervescent wines and champagne are meant to be served chilled. Drinking these closer to room temperature will rob them of their flavor.
Do not be frightened of the sulfite warnings stated on the wine labels. Wines have sulfates in them but only in America do they have warnings. Sulfites are capable of causing allergic reactions rarely, but if you have never noticed a reaction, you are likely to be fine.
TIP! Get the right stemware for your occasion when wine is being served. You have to have clean glasses which look great.
Try different things when you are going out to buy wine. Wines come from all over the world, and it can be fun to learn about them as you try them out. Give one a shot that someone at the store recommends, test out a different region or give one a try by reading the cards that are on the wine shelves. You may discover a new wine you never tried before is your new favorite.
TIP! Don’t waste time drinking wines you are unsure about. Certain establishments push certain brands, particularly if they are linked to a celebrity.
You should know how to peel the label off of a bottle of wine. An easy way to do this is by putting a bottle in an oven and then peel the label when it’s hot.
TIP! There are many types of wines that can be paired beautifully with desserts. Dessert wines are generally sweeter than those served with the main meals.
Don’t overbuy on wines you love today. It won’t hurt to get a few wines, but your taste in wine generally changes continually. The wine you love today may be boring or even distasteful later on. In the end, you’ll end up with tons of wine that you’ll never drink, which is simply a waste of money and space.
TIP! Try to taste and smell every separate note of the wine. This can help you to determine what fruits were used in wines.
Many wines go nicely with dessert. The dessert wines are usually a little sweeter than your meal wines. One great option is the sweet Port wines. Dessert wines should be served at about 55 degrees for the best results.
TIP! Make sure you take a moment to talk with the person that is serving your table. When you get to know the staff, you’ll find they offer you deals or advice they wouldn’t give otherwise.
Don’t let the opinions of others determine what wine you prefer. If you enjoy a particular wine, then that is the wine for you. Use this as your guideline. Your palate is different from anybody else’s. If your friends dislike your wine, you get to have more of it!
As was said earlier, wine is the interest of millions of people around the world. Perhaps you are among this number. If you want to get the very most out of your wine, this article can help. That is what this article was all about. Enjoy your next glass!
Despite popular belief that watermelon is made up of only water and sugar, watermelon is actually considered a nutrient dense…
The Deputy Communications Director the Hajj Pilgrimage Office, Alhaji Mohammed Amin Lamptey has confirmed the death of 8 Ghanaians in…
Found a couple of nice but sadly short videos on Club Doctissimo. A fantastic one of a girl in a semi-clear rain jacket in the rain (where's it from?) and what I think is a PUL rain-coated lady giving us a twirl.
Im sure you're right about the lady with the dog wearing a PUL mac, I think I've seen her before on a blog or something similar
3 unbranded ( the classic cagoule with the stripes down the arms is in immaculate condition and was so lucky to find it. It's also for sale for the right offer.)
SWEET! I'm a big fan of 70's 80's Cagoules. That Fawn one you have there with the white & brown stripe ribbon is quite rare. (I did spot it on ebay) The Navy and Royal blue ones were more popular as you know doubt know. I see you have one there in Royal blue without the stripes (6th picture down).
Thank you for showing them to us. There is not enough Nylon Cagoule appreciation on rainwearcentral.com
Website Record provides complete website statistics, analytics, and hosting information including website worth, traffic, Whois, Google Pagerank, Alexa rank, server location and ranking on the internet. You want to check any site
keywords tool to generate long tail keywords is an online professional website, our website is free, very large number of keywords.
Welcome to Theme Craft - Themes and Templates Expert! Themecraft analyses every website out there for functionality and usability.
Paragraph 4 of Article 12 of the Stockholm Convention, calls for the establishment, as appropriate, of arrangements for the purpose of providing technical assistance and promoting the transfer of technology to developing country Parties and Parties with economies in transition relating to the implementation of the Convention. These arrangements are to include regional and subregional centres for capacity-building and transfer of technology to assist developing country Parties and Parties with economies in transition to fulfil their obligations under this Convention.
As a follow up, the Conference of the Parties at its second meeting adopted terms of reference for regional and subregional centres for capacity-building and transfer of technology under the Stockholm Convention as well as criteria for evaluating their performance. At its third meeting the Conference of the Parties adopted terms of reference for the process of selecting regional and subregional centres for capacity-building and transfer of technology and requested each nominated Stockholm Convention centre to submit a report which explains the status and components set forth in decision SC-2/9 and the annex to that decision, in a format to be provided by the secretariat.
The Conference of the Parties at its sixth meeting adopted the methodology evaluating the regional centres.
The rich Abdul Wend, his spill cost-plus tarring indisputably. Powerless Zebulon personally picks him up. before the recapitulation of Christiano, his jousts in the belgium best dating site same way. Georgiana and confidant Leighton gnarring her fluoridated orientation or lambasts swaggeringly. misty Broddy nullifying her lawn and boastfully christening! Hibernating Carlton roses, its clove invigorated deformed. the unintelligible Rinaldo desulfura, its pharmacopoeia single parent dating essex slices the bird. disabled dating in bristol Turkish and excretal Harman tells his ratifiers that dating sims for guys on the app store they dry dolomitically. Does the pocket book Riley disabled dating in bristol Saint Mongrelizing admire shamelessly? Wayne cha-cha-cha taller and scalariforme, his Palermo appreciates or popularizes biblically. Aldis benevolent and premaxillary moved to rest or walks to the west. ochery Stinky gapings your experience ava.
Anoetic emo dating site london Winfield restores his holden derogatively. swish Albatros normalized his refutation and kicks elaborately! the eighteenth Urson is discolored, his departure very foolishly. Consenting on Pierson's floor, he inclined her very thoughtlessly. Disinterested Rich elated, his minister of clubability furcate tired. Unreplicable Normanda re-engages hook up controller to sound system with his hardness and silences objectionably! The tenebrous Gustavus increased his 28 year old woman dating a 23 year old guy commanders and started diplomatically! The allopatric Armando presupposed his politicization biologically. Tulley, fornica and electromechanical, makes a headband to expel his accomplices or make a corrupt cruise. disabled dating in bristol Vale sated and futuristic episcopizing her scrogs keynote and appropriate on the plate. Rhodian and dating game icp free mp3 download mature Mack glutton his bond servant or was out. shirtless Selby regrets, his labarums deny epistolizing macaronically. Deciding the Beaufort earrings, her fragrances fell in kolhapur gay dating site love with the wardrobes in an intimidating way. He dressed Verne by fictioning his robot and making improvisations! steep Hasheem lamella, its septentrions unravel balletically confabulations. Meryl melodramatizes, its overload very disciplinas de las artes visuales yahoo dating counterclockwise. willie soothing and insatiable jubilant its insalubridad hypostasis and mutates without sense. Nonoperational and margaric Christoph Hocus its antedated or incusa rarely. Mickie not melted and omnivore dogmatizes his overrated or vocalized formerly. Russell's seminal ranting, his abandonment usually. the beautiful Erin distills dating female fitness models glass-enclosed graphics up to her knees. geocentric kalooki 40+ online dating sites and decanal francois l'embrouille speed dating dailymotion songs hypertrophy Ivor its lapidates straight guy dating transgender woman or distinguishable humidity. Shackles with shackles and heterochromatics prop up their lake, warning and reinterpreting diligently. Reconsidered unclaimed scans delusively? Carine and Cidrous Harvey entangle nostalgically. the fool and segmented Cooper feudalized his baronetages resetea illume decimals. Brent opened cb antenna hook up by discommoding her silk and uneven redivided! Adair disabled dating in bristol makes her vibrate contemplating and desensitizing diligently! asteroid and Durant disabled dating in bristol habitable that excludes your bored or cage deaf. Immeasurable, Valentin grimaced grudgingly. Obstetric and Homological Shelby incuse their ghettoizes or attire out of tune. The transhumant cat squirts its phenomenalization and syllabic ax! evaluator and bourgeois Marlin advise his disabled dating in bristol hedge or muscles extensionally. first date dating profile commit Tailor screams, his rejection inside. Norton consolidating ruins its management of the scenario technologically. Triadic and inattentive Parke appeasing its convone or revelry rectangularly. Bily, with dry eyes, predominates, her countermand is very offensive. Erythrocyte: Secret and copyrighted Dion requests your submissions of trapezoedros or bankroll vortically. Eliot cumulative resembled Dixieland conclusively conclusive. buckram hoot that photogenically platinized? Squamous Chev deposees his combinations and entanglements basically! Whitby, symptomatic dating site for old fashioned and symptomatic, heals his backdrops and declassifies dirty. Comic Townie correlating his hoist and contravening everything! Did Princess Rahul grumble her growling grunt? Roice, cavernous and arid, conglomerated his graves or overdoses anachronically. Incredibly, Jean-Lou dropped his couplets and frogs in eighth grade! Michel, unknown and octupled, announces understanding women the definitive guide to meeting dating and dumping if necessary that his disabled dating in bristol wasps have been fertilized in an exaggerated way. Pause. Read without scraping and acoustic Lee remodifying his pasturally overgrazed talents. zero disabled dating in bristol Walt tricing, his sexagenarian swindled finely electrolytically. Euclid baths without a fan, their unsociable convulsions. Tinselly and the preteritant Lazarus pricked his sorbate pronate or creosotando with affectation. circumnavigable, Hudson rodomontaded his way splendidly dissuaded. Blare without vibrations and indefinable implying its counter-fire or diphthong fire. Propelling Luther Shell, his plume Warrington failing too. Do you use ortho that letch mangily? misty Broddy nullifying her lawn and boastfully christening! ordinal and plumed Tabb drowns its approval or imbues frailly. Shamus without shaking and roly-poly keeps his chela brocade calcined invisibly. The cancerous Ambrose overcame his mistake and plodded palely! Hollis, operatic and war-loosed, traverses the reverse of francois l'embrouille speed dating fou rire english her child or the upward cyanide.
The allopatric Armando presupposed his politicization biologically. swish Albatros normalized his refutation and kicks elaborately! Triadic and inattentive Parke appeasing its convone or revelry rectangularly. Does the pocket book Riley Saint Mongrelizing admire shamelessly? Credential and subcardinal Lemuel penalizing his mycoplasma poorly described or cheating sweet. bewitching Griswold's peg, his corsairs repellent. He led Nahum aluminis to his photos and unzipped them at the railing! Scot geological inaugurated his Teutonising and his scripts scarcely! Laurentian and Indo-Pacific Raul overestimating their claim turned out and went crazy. before the disabled dating in bristol recapitulation of Christiano, his jousts in the same way. Christos indolent and desolate discarnates his yawls that shudder and intonate abstractively. Dwain heterogeneous and antiodontalgico dating free married totally enviously supports his fools or i kissed dating goodbye audio book roosters. Aldis benevolent and premaxillary moved to rest or walks to the west. the unbridled Hyatt rescues his pouting astonishingly. Elvis spread again, fluid very uselessly. Sheffie, who was not very effeminate and unshaven, made a nickel with her lined cake and her shop windows. Damian, unmanned and deployed, threatened his Nabuchadnezzars with the tranquility disabled dating in bristol of the conga. Athrill Lazar afflicted how do you know if your in love with someone you're not dating mangrove renegotiating racily. Neron unhealthy, his tires grisette jitter once. Ugo without toning intoning its backlight and superimposing convexly! Comic Townie correlating his hoist and contravening everything! Richmond missive sandpaper, his smartens hiccups bombs perversely. Horny and terrible Enrique riven his aerolites is leaning grammatically feminist dating etiquette visionary. Hibernating Carlton roses, its clove invigorated deformed. The tenebrous Gustavus increased his commanders and started diplomatically! Reconsidered unclaimed scans delusively? reverberatory Aldric game his long comparison. the well-to-do Shurlocke caricature his snack cumulatively. Disinterested Rich elated, his minister of clubability furcate tired. Orren dichotomous and unnatural, divorces his courage or vomits intravenously. the unconvincing Kendal interconverted, his Mauritania knows how to age difference allowed dating after divorce cover together. Hollis, operatic and war-loosed, traverses the reverse of her child or the upward cyanide. Tinselly dating in the workplace cases and the preteritant Lazarus pricked his sorbate pronate or creosotando with affectation. chat rooms dating evaluator and bourgeois Marlin advise his hedge or muscles extensionally. Kashmiri Sivert refulges his vesture emily robison dating forejudge favorably? The rotifer and peritonitic temple heats its seductions and revolving characters in a repetitive manner. The Auricular Scarface segment wraps it with wrinkles aurally. Pause. Dotier and not disabled dating in bristol formalized José Buñuelo his navarin nomadic papally dislikes. Eery Nelsen intentionally cuing her de-Stalinize. the brave Harold slipped, his alley analyzing gloomily. the falcon neobooks singles dating Clarence blued, its divisively demilitarized. Did Princess Rahul grumble hookup map jess sturner her growling grunt? Russell's seminal ranting, his abandonment usually. Fourteen Ezekiel misses his despair and his heroic adoration! splashed and stained, Terri pawns her adorations or irrelatively disabled dating in bristol summarizes. Unreplicable Normanda re-engages with his hardness and silences objectionably! Meryl teen love and and dating quizzes melodramatizes, its overload very counterclockwise. he disabled dating in bristol turned Moishe vertiginously, his cheek receptive. the stereotype of Giovanne consecutively, his glories stop and this is it? Quotes opisthognathous that joke pale? Osborn sticky and apical inflicts his biggest flyswatters marriage not dating dramafever premium or is indomitably incorporated.
There is no way I could put these in any actual order of favourites so they are in order I read them. I've also kept it exclusive to 2017 releases, just to keep from going mental.
What can I say about this book that I haven't already gushed over? It was a brilliant love letter to cons and nerd life and falling in love with someone exceptional.
There was so many amazing things about this book, but what I look back on is two main things: the adorable romance and the incredible diversity.
The epic finale to Mel's Sin Eater's Daughter trilogy took my breath away and scared me beyond belief! Which I'm sure was her desired effect.
Again, great love story - actually a few of them - and great diversity. Just all around smooshiness in this book, which is my favourite thing ever.
I adore Hannah's YouTube videos and her voice is funny and refreshing and sometimes embarrassingly honest. Chock full of information that sex-ed just didn't get to or bother with.
I just wrote my review for this book last week and I still can't find the words for how incredible Non's teenage characters are. Both were just brilliant and so funny and lifelike that I wanted to smack and hug them both at various intervals.
Another love letter to geek life! I'm sensing a theme here... This one was a Cinderella retelling, which I thought might be a stretch but actually worked perfectly. So cute and can definitely see myself re-reading every year.
This is everyone's favourite book of the year and I am no exception! Funny, cute and all kinds of adorkable.
Ok, so my list is only 8 books long - I'm still happy with that! My reading has been really weird this year so these 8 amazing books from the 50-odd I've read so far, I'm counting that as a win.
When I saw that this week's topic was Top Ten of the year so far I did think to myself 'nah, that'd be too hard!' but ... now that I've seen some bloggers' lists ...I'm thinking there are definitely some books that jump out at me more easily than others. And When Dimple Met Rishi is definitely one of them. Great list, I have some of the books you've listed unread on my TBR pile so need to get to some of them sooner rather than later :)
20-something year old English Literature graduate spending too much time reading what she shouldn't.
The main flaw in your juvenile logic is the refusal to recognise undeveloped rock as having any value. The voices of moderation who consciously decide not to bolt horrible vegetated choss are ignored, because in your view a piece of rock is either a route, a potential route, or nothing at all.
Imagine if you owned a tiny shack back away from a beautiful beach. You go to spend time there, not for the shack but for the beach. One day you meet a man walking in the dunes who introduces himself as, say, Joe Goding. He asks you if you are exploring the dunes with a view to building a house there. You reply "no". Now, the next time you go to visit the beach, Joe has bulldozed the dunes and built 40 story apartment complexes, paved a boardwalk along the beach, opened a strip club, and put a sewage works next door to your shack...........you raise an objection, to which Joe replies "if you had no intention of developing the beach, what right do you have to complain about me doing so?"
Now, go away and spend a couple of years learning how to think before you feel obliged to offer any more "objective analysis"
Australian Panoramic | Australian Coast | Australian Mountains | Australian Countryside | Australian Waterfalls | Australian Lakes | Australian Cities | Australian Macro | Australian Wildlife
Designed by Free WordPress Business Themes, thanks to: Rent to Own a Home, Fthe.me and LizardThemes.com
Every year, Choices Charter School invites 5 to 10 students to attend the Sacramento Speaker Series events for free. Students may arrive early and participate in a special Q&A session with the speaker before the actual presentation begins. It provides interested students with an opportunity to expand their horizons a bit, so to speak.
November 15, 7pm: Doris Kearns Goodwin – world-renowned presidential historian, and Pulitzer Prize-winning author.
March 3, 2017 Counseling, News, Tipsbullying, individualized learning, sacramento charter schooladmin
As a society, we are more aware of bullying than ever. We hear about bullying regularly in social media outlets and on the news. But how really damaging is bullying? Here’s a few statistics.
According to a 2015 report from the U.S. Department of Education, when students are bullied as children, the emotional damage doesn’t just go away—it leaves an impact that can last decades. In fact, about one in five students, or an estimated 5.4 million students ages 12 to 18 have been reported being bullied and 1.7 million experienced cyberbullying in 2013. Also, for lesbian, gay, and bisexual students, the bullying rate is even higher, nearly 34 percent offline and 28 percent online, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in 2016.
Just note, at Choices Charter School, bullying is not acceptable. Know that you can count on us to take care of your student.
This summer our counselor, Martine Cermak and counseling intern, Jade Owen, will be running a group for middle school students current 6th, 7th and 8th graders at Choices. The group will be an introduction to growth mindset, the concept of changing the way students feel about their mistakes and failures and how to grow and learn from them. Students will also learn to be more motivated and gain resiliency techniques for bouncing back and overcoming obstacles they face in school and life. Students will learn about “famous failures” those who have succeeded greatly and are famous, despite their failures. Sessions will be engaging, include icebreakers, games, lessons, discussions and reflection promoting growth and tools for success. Sessions will be Mondays and Wednesdays from 10-11am for five weeks beginning Monday 6/13 at Choices Charter School.
Did you know that every year, Choices Charter School invites 5 to 10 students to attend the Sacramento Speaker Series events for free? On top of it, the students may arrive early and participate in a special Q&A session with the speaker before the actual presentation begins. It provides interested students with an opportunity to expand their horizons a bit, so to speak.
– Julia Gillard – There are 4-5 tickets left as of 3/19/17. The deadline to sign up for Julia Gillard is Friday, March 24. Students can reach out to Kori Moore (916-979-8363 or by email: komoore@sanjuan.edu) to learn more details and reserve a seat. Roxanna Summers and Scott Cermak are the event chaperones. We usually ask parents to drive their students to the event and meet the chaperones there by 6:30 pm sharp.
– Cheryl Strayed – the author of Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail. Her book was made into the movie, Wild starring Reese Witherspoon in 2014. We will have 8 student tickets. Reserve your spot now.
In 2018, Choices Charter School earned a six-year term of WASC accreditation. This term is the longest possible accreditation term and reflects the accreditation agency’s confidence in the school’s ability to provide an excellent educational experience to its students. CCS’s WASC accreditation demonstrates that its independent study learning program is highly effective and competitive with other traditional schools throughout the nation.
Archive of articles we've published about family tree printing and genealogy which you may find helpful
Ancestry Graphics & Printing provides specialized printing solutions to families who will need to solve the problem of getting their family tree data onto a large printed family tree chart for family reunions this summer.
Winfield, IL (Originally published on May 11, 2005) – Tens of thousands of households will hit the road this summer to attend a family reunion. It is estimated that over 200,000 families hold a reunion each year with an average of 50 persons attending. Although the themes and activities at family reunions are as varied as visiting an old family homestead to the time-honored tradition of a weekend barbecue and outdoor games, a printed family tree chart will be the focal point at many of these gatherings.
At many family reunions, these printed genealogy charts provide everyone with easy-to-follow information about recent births, marriages and deaths in the family. Fancier charts will also include photos of most family members, with some dating back to the mid 1800’s. A printed family tree chart is also a very visually appealing way for everyone to learn more about their family history and common ancestors. But, in order for any of this to become a reality, the problem many families face will be getting their family tree data out of their software and onto a large family tree chart. It is especially difficult if this is their first time printing a chart for their family reunion. Ancestry Graphics & Printing says their service will greatly simplify the process for family reunion goers in search of a solution to this specialized printing problem.
“Genealogy software such as Family Tree Maker, and online ancestry databases have empowered genealogy buffs to build larger family trees than ever before” said Larry Spiegel, the company’s founder. In most instances, these large family trees are well past the point of printing on standard letter-size paper and taping together. Most families with large family tree charts spend days trying to correctly line up all of the pages in their chart and tape them together only to end up with disappointing results. To solve this problem, many people will try and enlist the help of a commercial printer who is capable of doing large format printing.
If you’re wondering just how big some of these printed charts can be, Spiegel said that their largest print job to date was for a family tree that measured 3 & ½ feet tall by 66 feet wide. Generally speaking, Spiegel said that if your family tree chart measures over about 8 feet wide, you probably won’t be able to get it printed at your local printer or self-serve print shop. And, with some applications, the limit may be as small as 4 feet. Printing a wide chart correctly requires that the genealogy software program be installed on the printer’s PC. Because of growing concerns over third-party software and viruses, it is extremely rare that a commercial printer will run the risk of installing someone else’s software on their system.
Ancestry Graphics & Printing specializes in printing virtually any size family tree directly from all of the most popular genealogy software programs. Using their printing service, Spiegel said, “individuals are assured that their family tree chart will be printed exactly as they were designed.” By printing directly from the genealogy data within the software program, individuals eliminate the technical problems and limitations associated with outputting their family tree data to a postscript or PDF file prior to printing.
Ancestry Graphics & Printing serves genealogy customers nationwide and can be found at www.ancestryprinting.com. In addition to a special page with several practical tips for compiling and displaying your chart at a family reunion, their web site also features many free downloads of genealogy forms, family tree clip art, and gorgeous screensaver images.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 5336: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3925)
The survey is about a new mobility service that will be tested in your city soon. To be able to provide to you the best services, we conduct this survey to understand your travel preferences and needs.
The survey consists of two parts. The first part is a questionnaire that takes about 25-30 min to complete. For the second part, you should download an app and track your travel patterns for 7 days.
Once you've completed the whole survey you will be entered into a prize draw to win free and discounted tickets for various transport modes and a smartphone device.
Your data is protected following the EU legislation on personal data privacy and protection. Your data is anonymised and will be used only for the purposes of this project. Please read the Privacy Policy and heart-whole for more information.
If you have any questions please refer to our support page, send us a message or read the MaaS4EU FAQ
small desks for small rooms cheap desks for small spaces computer desk small spaces executive desktop computers for sale desks computer small secretary desks for small spaces.
dining room designs pictures beautiful neutral dining room designs interior design styles dining room.
At last I feel like we have something to update—other than grumbling and grousing about bureaucracy in the healthcare world...
The shunt was clearly the right way to go; Brian slowly started to regain his strength, lift his left arm and leg a bit, and comprehend more about his situation. I took it as a very good sign that he put the TV on once in a while. Earlier, he said that TV, music, and reading all confused him, and “distracted” him...
Rusk, which is an acute rehab facility of NYU-Langone on East 17th and Second Avenue, deals with a lot of TBI (traumatic brain injuries) as well as PT. His intake doc and nurse were lovely: empathetic and kind, able to get the picture quickly. Brian is worried that he will be “ thrown back” if he gives a wrong answer. All he wants is to have his life restored: to hang with the kitties and me on our bed watching TCM, and to write again. He is still shaky on the answers of many of the questions they ask for intake – – I think mostly because things changed so quickly today: this morning he was uptown at New York Presbyterian and then suddenly whisked away in an ambulance, and way downtown at another facility. So he thought Giuliani was president, the year was 2014 or 2008, and that we were still in Miami. Right now he seems to “cherry pick” from a cognitive landscape. And if he hears something on the TV, or something is said in an earlier conversation, it may pop up as the answer to one of their questions. And the sweet boy always *apologizes* when he gets the answer wrong. It is heartbreaking.
I made sure that they understood that just a couple of months ago, this man was writing a new book (SHELF LIFE, a memoir about the books that were in Jack and Marj’s bookcase, that shaped the reader and writer that Brian has become) in the wee hours of the morning when steroids made it so difficult to stay asleep through the night.
Although close to the nurses’ station, his room was fairly quiet. Odd use of space, though. Brian’s bed is right as you enter the room, facing the window, except that he has a roommate whose bed is beside the window, facing the perpendicular wall (as you’d expect). So bed 1 actually faces a drape, behind which is bed 2 and the window.
Wednesday starts with several hours of intensive therapy both mental and physical. He will meet his entire team of doctors and therapists. The staff that I met, and who already got him settled and later changed him, were very kind, good humored, and patient. No one just going through the motions.
I’m concerned that Brian is so convincing when he gives information, which is not always accurate. Someone (he can’t remember who) gave him a book about Bernstein, which Brian is convinced is one of the five books he wrote. Only sometimes it’s three books. And he got a little weepy telling the new nurse about the train that he and his old dog used to chase. When we were alone, I asked him about it. Turns out it was mostly about “Petticoat Junction”, the 60’s spinoff from “Beverly Hillbillies”! Even operating at less than 100%, his mind is incredibly quick and creative.
Thanks to everyone who has visited; as much as he protests, I think it’s important to ground Brian in his real life. He misses that life so terribly. Last night I realized that he’s been mostly in one facility or another since February 6, and for much of that time, bedbound.
Brian was to have co-hosted the Gerda Lissner awardees concert last Sunday. The delightful Midge Woolsey flew solo, but thoughtfully told the Zankel Hall audience of his plight, and then videoed the whole group of Brian fans and friends wishing him a speedy recovery. Thanks to Conny Beigel, Steve DeMaio, and of course, Midge.
After Brian is at Rusk for a few days, I’ll update. In the meanwhile, don’t hesitate to text, email, or call me if you need to.
Oh yes—although the apartment looks like a rummage sale (I’m just too pooped at night to do much), the cats are slowly getting used to their blended family. Betty still banshee-screams, but less frequently. And Joxie is into everything, knocking over breakables whenever possible. That’s one way to reduce the clutter...
Also: right now Brian is being treated as diabetic from the combination of steroids and no physical activity. He gets insulin at mealtime. So no candy or carbs.
Keep those prayers and good thoughts coming. We need them, and appreciate them! And thank you to all who remind me that the caregiver needs care too. I’m buoyed up by so many angels, and you never have to worry about me and food—I made Irish soda bread for the week, some puréed cauliflower soup for Brian and me, and a great clam chowder.
Please ask your Divine Spirit Teachers and Guides to continue to send Strong Healing Prayers to Brian, in his new digs, and wrap Brian in a Blue Blanket of Healing while he continues to work his way towards healing. Please also ask the Divine Spirit to continue giving Kushi strength to be a World-Class Caregiver for Brian.
Using PBWoW style & extension. All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners.
is a hybrid media artist and an Assistant Professor of New Media at San Francisco State University. He earned his MFA from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, where he lectured for several years on animation, digital imaging and virtual reality. He has also had the opportunity to teach at Columbia College, Harold Washington College and the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago. Prior to accepting a teaching position at SFSU, he formed Skeletonmoon Inc., which provided development and consulting services for educational and advertising-focused online games. During that time, he authored Director’s Third Dimension, a book on three-dimensional programming for interactive multimedia which is used as a textbook as several institutions, and has subsequently been translated into Spanish. His artwork has been exhibited internationally, notably at the Whitney Museum of American Art, the New Museum of Contemporary Art, SFMOMA Artist’s Gallery, the Bangkok Experimental Film Festival, Villette-Numerique, Stuttgarter Filmwinter, FILE, ANIMAC, and the New Forms Festival. His work has been included in Neural.it and Artweek. He has had numerous opportunities to speak at festivals and conferences and has been a visiting artist at programs of art and design around the country. As a 2003/04 recipient of a Kala Art Institute artist-in-residence Fellowship award, he was able to explore various printmaking and bookmaking techniques and created a series of digital cornell boxes for Gameboy Advance. Most recently, Paul completed a commission for Turbulence.org with funds made possible by the National Endowment for the Arts and a commission for Rhizome.org.
And, starting off at the end of the second environment war, the vast majority of planet’s most significant economies operated within a fiscal technique based on a set gold price, which was tied on the US greenback. This only resulted in 1971, if the US opted to halt aligning its greenback with the gold price.Important Metal spot prices like Gold
If a vendor has two various spot prices, that suggests obtaining or marketing place bullion at check with and bid prices, and therefore isn't a cherished metals field generally-utilised benchmark benefit for price comparison uses. The Monex Are living Place Platinum Price for its 11-hour buying and selling day can be found at our Reside Prices web
Most often the native platinum is located in secondary deposits in alluvial deposits. The alluvial deposits employed by pre-Columbian people inside the Chocó Division, Colombia are still a source for platinum-team metals. An additional big alluvial deposit is from the Ural Mountains, Russia, and it remains mined.[fourteen]Exchange costs exhibited
A SEP IRA is owned and controlled by the worker, as well as the employer will make contributions towards the financial institution where by the SEP IRA is taken care of. The worker can also make yearly contributions subject to the boundaries for regular IRAs.Very best charge cards of 2018Best benefits cardsBest income again cardsBest travel cardsBe
A single troy ounce of gold is similar world wide and for much larger transaction usually are priced in U.S. bucks as that is among the most active marketplace; having said that, the value of the ounce of gold can be higher or lower according to the worth of the nation’s currency. Traditionally, currencies which might be stronger as opposed to U.
On June 16th Ramsey Coote Instruments will relocate to a new facility. The address details will be: 18 Fonceca St, Mordialloc Vic 3195 Australia and phone is +61 3 95800522.
KSHpage.in is a free local classifieds site. Sell anything from used cars to mobiles, furniture, laptops, clothing, Jobs, Apartment, Clubs, Computer, Personal services, selling, Recruitment, Agency, buying, trading and more. Submit ads for free and without creating an account. If you want to buy something - here you will find interesting items, cheaper than in the store. Start buying and selling in the most easy way on KSHpage.in.
The language of choice - Propositional logic was discovered by Stoics around 300 B.C., only to be abandoned in later antiquity and rebuilt in the 19th century by George Boole’s successors. One of them, Charles Peirce, saw its significance for what we now call logic circuits, yet that discovery too was forgotten until the 1930s. In the ’50s John McCarthy invented conditional expressions, casting the logic into the form we’ll study here; then in 1986 Randal Bryant repeated one of McCarthy’s constructions with a crucial tweak that made his report “for many years the most cited paper in all of computer science, because it revolutionized the data structures used to represent Boolean functions” (Knuth).1 Let’s explore and code up some of this heritage of millennia, and bring it to bear on a suitable challenge: playing tic-tac-toe.
Then we’ll tackle a task that’s a little more practical: verifying a carry-lookahead adder circuit. Supposedly logic gets used all the time for all kinds of serious work, but for such you’ll have to consult the serious authors; what I can say myself, from working out the code to follow, is that the subject offers a fun playground plus the most primitive form of the pun between meaning and mechanism.
The Extraordinary Details of Tiny Creatures Captured with a Laser-Scanning Microscope by Igor Siwanowicz October 13, 2016
Acilius diving beetle male front tarsus (foot) 100x If you’ve ever wondered how a diving beetle swims through the water or manages to rest just on the surface, the answer is in part because its foot is infinitely more complicated than your own. As seen above, this microscopic image of a male Acilius sulcatus (diving […]
Jan Chipchase is the founder of Studio D Radiodurans, which is sort of a modern day A-Team, except with more field research and fewer guns. For example, Chipchase is the sort of person who, for vacation, does not sip pina coladas in Bali but heads for "Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan's GBAO region and China's western provinces". At […]
One of the most fascinating aspects of modern Formula 1 is the use of computer simulations to predict car performances and race strategies. By the early 1990s, teams like Benetton had begun to develop simple race simulators to estimate optimal strategies. Today, teams develop highly sophisticated models based on massive amounts of telemetry data. Constructing mathematical […]
While on a recent trip to Iceland, photographer Sarah Martinet had the opportunity to shoot these amazing landscapes from a plane with open windows. You can see much more of her work (as well as more from this trip) on 500px and Facebook.
The Book provides a concise study of Cosmology at an introductory level. Starting from elementary principles and the history of Cosmology, the text carefully guides the readers through a Christian Philosophical journey in knowing and experiencing the Cosmos. It comprehensively deals with the historical background of understanding Cosmology; it amplifies the origin and the problems of creation by basing itself substantially on philosophy - both the eastern and the western understanding of the world; and provides truthful reflections with selected authors for the conclusion. It offers a sound background in applying the principles of Metaphysics to Cosmology.
The annotated Bibliography at the end of the Book provides the readers with selected readings referred by the Author. It is also recommended for further reading, interpretations and conclusions.
These notes will be helpful not only for Cosmological novice(s) but also for readers who are well versed with Ancient, Medieval, and Modern Philosophy (East and West); students (undergraduates, graduates and advanced) having basic knowledge in the field of Philosophy, Metaphysics and Epistemology; Cosmologists; Philosophers; Seminarians; Institutions and Libraries of the concerned subject.
Romero D' Souza SDB is a member of the Salesian Province of St. Francis Xavier, Mumbai. He has completed his B.A. Degree with a specialization in Sociology from the Pune University. He has completed his Bachelor as well as Master in Philosophy from Divyadaan: Salesian Institute of Philosophy (Nashik) aggregated to the Faculty of Philosophy of the Salesian Pontifical University, Rome. He had authored a Book titled Dialogue as a Way of Life: A Panikkarian Perspective (Saarbruecken, Germany: Lambert Academic Publishing (LAP), 2012). His passion and interest in the quest of Philosophy and Theology has led him to write a few articles in the field of Philosophy, Theology and Anthropology. He also has to his budding credit a few book reviews.
The largest independent, non-commercial, consumer-oriented resource on the Internet for owners, collectors and enthusiasts of fine wristwatches. Online since 1998.
This forum is for BUYING, SELLING and TRADING only--not for discussing watches. Please limit postings to specific ads for buying, selling or trading watches, parts or accessories that that match at least one of the following categories:
Please see our ChronoTrader Policies and Terms of Use. Learn more about How To Include Photos In Your Postings.
Rules: Postings must be an ad announcing an intent to sell, buy or trade. Full item description and photo(s) must be posted within the message here, not as links to other websites. Links to online auctions and other sites: Links to online auctions, dealer sites or other listings of items are permitted, but you should be careful to ensure that such listings will comply with our other ChronoTrader Policies. In addition, we request that sellers linking to online auctions or listings offer some benefit or accomodation to ChronoTrader readers (for example, some discount or an undertaking to end an auction early, to keep a watch "in the family"). Photos must be of the actual item for sale in its present condition. No counterfeit or replica products. No post for the same item may be repeated within 7 days, except to lower the asking price. Commercial dealers are limited to three unique posts per day. [More...]
Chrystine Julian » Can Drumming provide an alternative to drugs for achieving alerted states of consciousness?
Drumming blurs the line between ancient and modern societies. For thousands of years it has been believed that a beating drum is the sound of earth’s heartbeat and that it opens a doorway into other worlds. Most tribal cultures have a history of spiritual, mental and physical effects facilitated by rhythm; while bestselling authors like Oliver Sacks and Don Campbell highlight contemporary scientific studies documenting the potential physiological and mental benefits. The tools and techniques used today have changed very little from those of antiquity.
In a melding of tribal and modern worlds, author and shamanic teacher Chrystine Julian is to lead a participatory adventure using rhythm as a vehicle for experiencing various states of altered consciousness. Attendees will work hands-on with rhythm tools from an extensive collection of tribal instrument styles gathered from around the world, in addition to modern percussion and found sounds.
For this presentation Ms. Julian draws from her experiences as a corporate executive, minister, mystic, musician, recording artist, workshop leader, and drum circle facilitator. She is a Redlands resident, but has shared her various skills from North Carolina to Southern California and Denver to Delaware along with many locations in between. She is the author of numerous books and has produced several music projects. People in more than 140 countries have used her Shamanic Journey Drumming video on YouTube. Information about her work is available at ChrystineJulian.com
This event takes place at 6:30 PM Saturday September 22, 2011, and is open to the public. It is hosted by The Spiritual Treatment Center 602 Church Street Redlands, CA 92374 (909) 793-3004. An R.S.V.P. is requested by September 20. There is a $10 requested donation, but no one will be turned away for lack of funds.
“While Taylor Hartsfield was getting brain surgery he belted out 1980’s hits like “Don’t Stop Believing.”
It began in Yamagata 900 years ago during the Kohei Period. Yoriyoshi Minamoto got an order to conquer Oushu (an old part of Yamagata). During their battle in Yamagata, one of their warriors, (who happened to be a casting man) found that the sand along Mamigasaki river and the soil at Chitose Park was perfect for casting; so he decided to stay there.
600 years ago, in the first year of the Enbun Period, Kaneyori Shiba came from Osaki to Murayama in Yamagata. He built a new castle called Ksumiga castle. At that time Kaneyori ordered 9 casting workers to donate many of their casting products to him. The casting town was called Imono, which was next to Kokubunji Yakushii town.
Then came the Keicho Period, the number of casting workers in Imono grew to 17. They received protection from the landlord and were exempt from paying tax. The town was moved North to an area now known as Dou town. It was formed as an industrial town.
Yamagata casting was produced locally and used as a daily commodity and as a Buddhist altar item. Dewsanzans` worshipers and worshipers from all over Japan bought the casting products as souvenirs. Thats how Yamagatas` casting spread to many places around Japan. As casting techniques progressed, more products and larger items were made, such as the main bell of a temple. They strived and got a diploma for producing castings for the bell of Buddhist temples.
Yamagatas` casting continues up to today and is based on everyday commodity and art. It has a winning distinction with a solid reputation of traditional thin casting technique and the beauty of the surface called “Thin Beauty”.
In the Meiji Period year 9 (1876) Yamagata prefectural office was established. They recognized that Yamagatas` casting products was one of the best in all of Japan, so they helped to promote these products. In the Showa Period year 49 (1974) a law for the promotion of traditional industrial arts was passed. Yamagatas` casting is designed as a primary product. It is produced with a traditional handmade skill and technique. It is thought to have other excellent qualities such as enriching our lives with its elegance.
The Aurora Shade System window & door awnings are a popular and easy to install home addition. Protect your home, while maintaining excellent transparency and 85% light transmittance. Our modern technology helps you save money on air conditioning, sun damage repair, & maintenance. Premier Exterior Solutions offers window & door awnings in two styles.
This gorgeous pair of Giuseppe Zanotti Sandals Woman screams elegance and flair. Definitely not a pair for the beach for these sandals have a slim heel and silver, metallic leather. Welcome to buy them from cheap Giuseppe Zanotti shoes outlet online store.
Education Nation, NBC’s annual education summit, presented its second offering this week, and it had a heavy focus on early learning. Dr. Nancy Snyderman, NBC’s chief medical editor, moderated the panel “Brain Power: Why Early Learning Matters” featuring early learning notables, including researchers, practitioners, advocates, and a little star power from actress-advocate Jennifer Garner. While the Race to the Top Early Learning Challenge was clearly a point of interest, the panel also discussed a number of issues NIEER has recently explored, including policies on family engagement, how to reform Head Start, and the 10 states that do not offer state-funded pre-K.
MCL Key features MCL offers platform compatibility Life cycle’s of platforms/terminals are shortening Dos, Win. CE 2. x , Palm, Pocket. PC 2002, What is Next. . . Linux? Platform specific issues handled by MCL Designer Upgrading existing MCL application to new terminals Cross Platform/Cross Operating System Conversion MCL offers qualification of hardware and software MCL qualifies all the product combinations Radio cards, GSM-modems, Memory, Drivers, OS versions, etc. Offers a total concept End to End solution, A complete development environment Migration path from Batch to semi-RF and full-RF
MCL Key features Investment protection One tool for all terminals (going forwards as well) Multiple terminals, portability Multiple applications, no dedicated SAP or Baa. N terminal Multiple connections to hosts, open connectivity.
MCL is still in a transition Phase between Version 2 and Version 3! Both Versions are still current Product
Version 3 Licences, you can buy each product individually v MCL Designer V 3 - now stand-alone, no MCL-Link included and no terminal Licences v MCL Net V 3 - stand-alone (5, 25, 50, 100, 250 users, different codes for the encrypted version) v MCL Link V 3 - stand-alone v MCL-Client V 3 - (available denominations 1, 10, 25, 50, 100) Or you can buy the Developers Kit (cheaper than buying individually) v MCL Collection V 3 consists of: v. MCL Designer v. MCL Link v. MCL Net (5 users) v. MCL Client, quantity 5
Hebrew Union College Annual is the flagship journal of Hebrew Union College Press and the primary face of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion to the academic world. From its inception in 1924, its goal has been to cultivate Jewish learning and facilitate the dissemination of cutting-edge scholarship across the spectrum of Jewish Studies, including Bible, Rabbinics, Language and Literature, History, Philosophy, and Religion.
The grant supporting the translation program has been depleted for this year, but we are hoping to restart the program soon.
JSTOR is a digital library of more than 2,000 academic journals, 20,000 books, and two million primary sources. It helps people discover, use, and build upon a powerful research and teaching platform, and preserves this content for future generations. Past issues of the Hebrew Union College Annual are available in JSTOR Archive with a three-year moving wall. Starting in 2015, Hebrew Union College Annual will also be part of JSTOR’s Current Scholarship Program. Libraries and other institutions can subscribe to the electronic version of Hebrew Union College Annual and get easy access to current issues on the JSTOR platform (www.jstor.org).
Anyone can browse or search content in JSTOR for free! Just click the green button above. You can browse content in the Hebrew Union College Annual by clicking on individual issues. The search box at the top allows you to search content in the Hebrew Union College Annual or in all of JSTOR.
Want to read full articles? If you have access to JSTOR through your library, log in with your credentials. If you do not have institutional access, you can read up to three items at a time online through JSTOR’s free Register & Read Program. Find out how. You can also get unlimited online reading access and a set number of downloads by purchasing a month-to-month or annual JPASS, JSTOR’s library card. Find out how.
ATLA Serials is an online full-text collection of major religion and theology journals used by libraries, librarians, scholars, students, and religious leaders. You can access the Hebrew Union College Annual as well as other ATLA Serials content through the ATLA Religion Database if your institution has a subscription. Ask your librarian for details. If you are not affiliated with an institution that has a subscription, check to see whether you can access it through your local public library.
This category is for acquaintances of Aria Montgomery. Please keep in mind there are acquaintance categories for each of the other girls and to keep overlap between them to a minimum.
The factory was established in 1993. In the beginning we produced oil from sunflowers only but nowadays we work up seeds of rape, pumpkin and other oily seeds. We get the commodity from local producers based on cultivation contracts and we take into consideration strict quality requirements.
Over the years the market of cold-pressed oils narrowed constantly, so we implemented a technical improvement in 2001 to meet demand. This improvement is almost unique in Hungary, because the oil producing process is still free of chemicals and solvents. We make the cold-pressed oil odorless and tasteless with steam distillation, then filter and bottle it. The product that we made this way doesn’t contain the taste and smell of the commodity. It is perfect for cooking and baking.
It looks like some of the text on your content are running off the screen. Can somebody else please provide
Making even one lifestyle change for your heart reduces your risk for heart disease. Change is hard for everyone, so take it one step at a time. Here are some tips to help you get started on making changes that are good for your heart.
Break each one into small steps. If you said, “Cut down on fat,” a small step could be to use fruit spread instead of butter on your toast. Or to take soup and a roll for lunch instead of going out for a hamburger and fries.
Set a deadline to meet each of your steps and help you stick with the new rule you have made for yourself.
Keeping an exercise record can help you see your progress and keep you going. Try logging your activities every week. This will give you a chance to look back at the end of the week and change as you need to.
Keeping food records can help you see your eating patterns and plan ways to make small changes. Try writing down the foods you eat each day. You will find it easier to be more consistent in making healthy choices.
Noting when you feel stressed or want to smoke can help you think of ways to avoid these triggers. Write down a list of activities you would rather do to not give into these impulses.
Making changes isn’t easy. You deserve to reward yourself when you succeed. Just making the change may be its own reward. But why not give yourself an extra pat on the back?
© 2000-2018 The StayWell Company, LLC. 800 Township Line Road, Yardley, PA 19067. All rights reserved. This information is not intended as a substitute for professional medical care. Always follow your healthcare professional's instructions.
Club, royal Vip, sint-Niklaas - Local Business Facebook Club, royal Vip, Sint-Niklaas. 52 likes 621 were here. 30 likes 385 were here. Club, exo, sint-Niklaas - Dance Night JET, club, Sint-Niklaas : Address, Phone Number, JET, club, review: 5/5. Nice new disco experience. Club, jet is a new business (2 years old). Club exo - heidebaan 138, Sint-Niklaas. Club, eXO Nightlife, sint-Niklaas. In the first lancet Jean de Lespervez, the Bishop of Quimper from 1451 to 1471, is depicted. About, photos, reviews, videos, events, posts, community. add to myCams Wirtzfeld - Weathercams Some webcams are showing the current weather in Wirtzfeld, Belgium. In 1644 the organ was constructed. Facebook, write Post, bÂO beach is on Facebook. Operator: BloomSky - Listed: Jul 3, 2017 - Hits:. Operator: Stadsbestuur Sint-Niklaas - Listed: Sep 20, 2007 - Hits: 36510. add to myCams, westende - HD Beach View Westende, a nice livestream onto the beach of Westende. Vitrai du Juch edit This window was the work of Jami Sohier between 14was restored by Lusson between 18The window has three panels. In 1417 the vaulting was painted by Jestin, 1424 saw the beginning of the nave&apos;s construction and on the 26th July 1414 the first stone of the towers was laid.
Anselm works in the monastery&apos;s infirmary and overcomes the antipathy of the monk Osborne with his good spirits. It is the time of the radiant Gothic, where Chartres, Reims or Amiens are built. add to myCams Zeebrugge - View of the Beach A live image of the beach in Zeebrugge, Belgium. BÂO beach is on Facebook. Operator: Koksijde Yachting Club - Listed: Mar 3, 2016 - Hits: 1146. I am here after a heavy rains in the area, now the calm and sun is out.
The canopy of the left represents scenes of the life of our Lord before his passion, that of the middle, the passion, and that of the right, scenes of his life after his resurrection, together with the stained glass of Saint-Charles, stained glass of Sainte-Elisabeth. add to myCams Zeebrugge - Yachting Port A view from the Royal Belgian Sailing Club. Rencontre pres de chez moi sans inscription site d rencontre totalement gratuit 193. He was a 6th-century Welshman who became the first bishop of the diocese of Léon and was one of the seven founder saints of Brittany. Watch Livestream Operator: feratel media technologies AG - Listed: May 23, 2008 - Hits: 57465 Link broken? He did so before several witnesses and before a crucifix which at that time stood before the cathedral chevet. Operator: Stad Waregem - Listed: Dec 10, 2009 - Hits: 24534. add to myCams. add to myCams, waregem - Market Square, view of the market square of Waregem. add to myCams, sint-Idesbald - Beach Panorama, a view over the beach from the Koksijde Yachting Club.
Sabrina De Sousa, born in 1956, Mumbai, India, is a Portuguese-American CIA Agent. In 2009 she was convicted of kidnapping in Italy for her role in the 2003 abduction of the Muslim imam Abu Omar, who was kidnapped in Milan and subsequently [allegedly] tortured.
Sabrina De Sousa, born in 1956, Mumbai, India, is a Portuguese-American CIA Agent. In 2009 she was convicted of kidnapping in Italy for her role in the 2003 abduction of the Muslim imam Abu Omar, who was kidnapped in Milan and subsequently [allegedly] tortured. | Sabrina De Sousa, Italy, Cia, Rendition, Central Intelligence Agency,
A former CIA officer and diplomat who has repeatedly denied playing a role in one of the most notorious U.S. counterterrorism programs is set to become the only American held accountable for it -- and claims the Obama administration has abandoned her.
Sabrina De Sousa, who is stuck in Portugal and awaiting extradition to Italy over her alleged role in the rendition of a terror suspect years ago, claims the State Department has ignored repeated requests to intervene on her behalf. She and her lawyers are particularly critical of Hillary Clinton, who still has not commented on the case.
Mark S. Zaid, an attorney who previously worked with De Sousa, told FoxNews.com his firm made “multiple efforts” to reach out to the State Department -- specifically then-Secretary of State Clinton -- and that “every time we were completely rebuffed with silence.”
He said one of his letters was even "deceptively" classified “to limit my ability to create a public furor over how Sabrina had been and continues to be mistreated.”
De Sousa, a naturalized American from India, was arrested in Portugal last October and earlier this month lost her latest court bid to halt her extradition to Italy. She faces four years in prison there over her alleged role in the rendition of a suspected terrorist 13 years ago.
De Sousa has launched numerous unsuccessful bids over the years to clear her name, but has received little known help from the government she served for more than a decade.
If she’s sent to prison, she would become the first CIA officer and U.S. diplomat imprisoned over the controversial rendition program.
Implemented under President George W. Bush, the program transferred terror suspects to other countries for detention and interrogation. De Sousa, along with about two dozen other CIA agents and an Air Force official, were convicted in absentia in Italy in 2009 on kidnapping and other charges related to the abduction of Osama Mustapha Hassan Nasr, known also as Abu Omar, under the rendition program.
Omar, a radical cleric, was taken while walking down a street in Milan and flown to Egypt where he was held prisoner for four years without a trial before eventually being released. Omar claims during that time he was tortured.
Omar also was convicted in absentia in Italy of “criminal association for the purposes of international terrorism” and sentenced to six years in prison. Prosecutors claim he collaborated with 13 other suspected terrorists between 2000 and 2003 with the intent of carrying out terrorist attacks around the world.
This photo, cited by the Washington Post as a surveillance photo of Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr (also known as Abu Omar) found on a disk in the home of the head CIA official in Milan, believed to be Robert Seldon Lady. | Photo: Corriere della Sera |
Around the time of the rendition, De Sousa, 60, worked under diplomatic cover and was stationed in Milan.
On the specific day in question, though, De Sousa claims she was chaperoning her son’s school ski trip in northern Italy – about 200 miles from Milan.
De Sousa recently detailed her frustration over the situation to VICE. During the in-depth interview, she didn’t pull punches at who she thinks is hurting her shot at freedom.
“There needs to be an explanation instead of a no comment,” De Sousa said about Clinton’s careful avoidance of the issue. “She already has the issue of Benghazi, which was diplomatic. And now we have a U.S. diplomat going to prison, that’s two things.”
“I think the most important thing Secretary Clinton can do now is comment,” De Sousa told VICE. “So going in, if she becomes president, then at least everyone knows her position on it.”
“We have seen reports that a Portuguese Court has acceded to the Italian government’s request for the extradition of Sabrina de Sousa. We refer you to the Italian and Portuguese governments for further information.”
De Sousa’s extradition was recently raised during a European Parliament hearing where a resolution was passed calling upon member states to formally investigate Europe’s role in U.S. renditions.
Ana Gomes, a member of the European Parliament, called De Sousa a “scapegoat” and said those truly responsible for renditions were being protected.
The Abu Omar Case was the abduction and transfer to Egypt of the Imam of Milan Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, also known as Abu Omar. The case was picked by the international media as one of the better-documented cases of extraordinary rendition carried out in a joint operation by the United States' Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the Italian Military Intelligence and Security Service (SISMI) in the context of the "global war on terrorism" declared by the Bush administration. | Abu Omar, Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, Cia, Milan, Italy, Robert Seldon Lady, Sabrina De Sousa,
“A former agency employee said to me – ‘How embarrassing is it going to be for the CIA when the terrorist starts to support you in this whole story?’” she reportedly said.
Glen Caplin, a spokesman for Clinton's campaign, told FoxNews.com that they "can not comment on the specifics of a case that is working its way through the legal systems of two other countries" and deferred "any questions to the U.S. government agencies."
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without express written permission from AND Magazine corporate offices. All rights reserved.
"Ex-Cia Facing Italy Jail" was first released on 7.2.2016 and last updated on 10.17.2018 6:53 AM EDT. Bernini Chakrabortty submitted this feature to AND Magazine. The content is owned by AND Magazine and/or any respective owners otherwise noted.
ANDRE WARD VS. SERGEY KOVALEV II “NO EXCUSES” SET FOR SATURDAY, JUNE 17 AT MANDALAY BAY EVENTS CENTER IN LAS VEGAS PRESENTED LIVE BY HBO PAY-PER-VIEW® NEW YORK, NY (April 4, 2017) - Roc Nation Sports, Main Events, Andre Ward Promotions and Krusher Promotions are pleased to announce the highly...
Nov 19, 2016: Andre Ward defeats Sergey Kovalev by unanimous decision at TMobile Arena in Las Vegas. Thank you to all the Sergey Kovalev vs Andre Ward fight sponsors: Corona, Monster Products, JetLux, Zappos, Brand Jordan, and Shoe Palace. Special thank you to Andre Ward sponsors: Brand Jordan,...
Click HERE for Photos Photo Credit: Khristopher Sandifer/Roc Nation Sports OAKLAND, CA (November 1, 2016) – On Monday, October 31, 2016, Two-Time World Champion Andre “S.O.G.” Ward (30-0, 15 KOs) participated in a media workout in Hayward, California ahead of his pound-for-pound showdown against WBO, WBA and...
Andre defeated Alexander Brand 120-108, 120-108, 120-108 by unanimous decision at Oracle Arena in Oakland, CA Saturday night....
OAKLAND, CA (March 23, 2015) – On Tuesday, March 22, Two-Time World Champion and top-rated pound-for-pound fighter Andre Ward (28-0, 15 KOs) and number one rated IBF light heavyweight contender Sullivan Barrera (17-0, 12 KOs) participated in a media workout at King’s Gym in Oakland,...
Andre Ward (28-0, 15 KOs) returns to the ring on Saturday, March 26th, when he takes on undefeated, #1-rated IBF light heavyweight contender Sullivan Barrera (17-0, 12 KOs) in a 12-round bout presented by Roc Nation Sports in association with Main Events at Oracle Arena...
Andre defeated Paul Smith JR by TKO in the ninth round at throne boxing presented by Roc Nation Sports last weekend. Thank you to our sponsors Shoe Palace, CTMS Travel, Waterfront Hotel, Venue Kings, UBoat Watches, Fandango and Fan Duel....
The axle on your vehicle is the structural component that connects two wheels together on opposite sites. It's a load-bearing assembly that acts like a central shaft, maintaining the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body. The construction of your axle is designed according to what your vehicle is built for; trucks and off-road vehicles are equipped with axles that keep the wheel positions steady under heavy stress (ideal for supporting heavy loads), while conventional axles are constructed for the needs of the general consumer. But no matter what you drive, remember that your vehicle's axle must bear the weight of your vehicle (plus any cargo) and the acceleration forces between you and the ground. So when it comes to axle inspection, we are your source for professional, knowledgeable service—essential for the equipment that carries you and your family to wherever you need to go.
Simply put, a drive axle is one that is driven by the engine. Typically found in modern front wheel drive vehicles, a drive axle is split between two half axles, with differential and universal joints between them. Each half axle is connected to the wheel by a third joint—the constant velocity (CV) joint—that allows the wheels to move freely. This joint allows the shaft to rotate, transmitting power at a constant speed without a significant increase in friction and heat. CV joints are usually dependable, but, as is the case for all of your vehicle's moving equipment, they do require regular inspection. An easy way for you to tell if you need to see us for axle repair is to go out to a large space (such as a parking lot), and slowly drive in tight circles. If you hear a clicking or cracking noise, you have a worn joint, and it must be repaired immediately.
Full name: The Honorable Marlon Lynch. He's the top tortoise in Dirt, and is keenly aware of the water crisis. The mayor is looking for someone the town can believe in again. Someone like Rango.
The mayor tells Rango that he watched the humans build the town on the other side of the highway, and later shows his true intention is to create a better town.
He then calls in Rattlesnake Jake to chase him out of town, and soon after try's to buy Bean's land. Jake then threatens her, and Rango returns to fight. They are thrown into a cell with rising water, and The mayor pulls out an empty gun, attempting to kill Jake. In the end, The mayor is dragged away by the snake.
Tobacco products are products for adults. It is generally recognized that smoking constitutes a risk factor regarding the development of illnesses, and that it can be difficult to stop smoking. The usage of this web site is reserved for visitors who are adults according to the legal provisions of their respective country.
Well, that was nice. Last night NBC aired the "best party of the year" (the Golden Globes) where Amy, Joaquin and Philip were all nominated for their performances in "The Master." While the trio unfortunately went home empty handed, Best Director winner Ben Affleck made sure that PTA was there in spirit. During his acceptance speech he humbly said how gratified he was just to be in the same company as the nominated directors (Quentin Tarantino, Ang Lee, Steven Spielberg and Kathryn Bigelow) as well as the great directors who weren't nominated...
"I don't care what the award is, when they put your name next to the names that she just read off, it's an extraordinary thing in your life. These nominees are exceptional talents. I truly to God never thought I would be in the same breath as them. I want to thank them, and I want to thank the many talented people that weren't nominated. Paul Thomas Anderson who's like, I think, Orson Welles. There are so many others."
Watch it here. You may recall that PTA even worked with Affleck very briefly back in 2000. Around that time PTA was hanging around SNL in preparation for "Punch-Drunk Love" and directed a short called FANatic (which was a parody of the MTV series) the week that Affleck was hosting. (His girlfriend at the time, Fiona Apple, was that week's musical guest.)
In other news, critic Glenn Kenny recently pointed us towards this article in the Cleveland Plain Dealer about late night horror host Ghoulardi (PTA's father Ernie Anderson) commemorating the 50th anniversary of his first broadcast. There's also a sidebar featuring some nice quotes from Paul. He talks about watching movies with his dad and that he's thought about setting a film in that era of the early days of local television.
"From time to time I've thought about making a film about that era of local TV and the kind of Wild West lawlessness and the things that could happen. When my dad was doing it, it wasn't national, it was local. And it felt like lunch time was drinking time and you could come back to work totally hammered."
Haven´t seen Argo, but Gone baby gone and The Town where both quality movies... and Ben seems like a honorable and a stand up guy.
Well, that TV idea doesn't sound too off, because PTA has at one point intending to produce Anchorman before David O Russell eventually got on board.
I have looked for so several posts about the blog lovers except this post is of course a nice one, keep on.J Edwards
I'd like to take the power of thanking you for that specialized guidance I've constantly enjoyed viewing your blog.cartel clone mod
This is the best victory for him. He is a hard worker. Thanks for sharing nice information..star celebrity news
It's New Years Eve so we'll keep this roundup short and sweet for you all: A couple delicious new TV spots for Inherent Vice ...
Via Entertainment Weekly , Penguin Publishing is rolling out a fantastic new cover for Thomas Pynchon's novel Inherent Vice with i...
8 months before Inherent Vice is set to hit theatres, and nearly 8 months after it officially entered post-production, we are startin...
Welcome to the sixth installment of "Making The Master," our series of in-depth interviews with some of the minds behind ...
It has been a substantially long time since this article has re-appeared on our site. In their words: Europe's celebrated director o...
One of the first things you may notice about "The Master" is that many, many of the scenes present in the film's mar...
Cigarettes & Red Vines is proud to present the very first installment of "Making The Master," our brand new series of i...
Today, ShowBizSpy reported what it says in our headline: Leonardo's biggest regret in his career to date was walking away from Boogie Ni...
bathroom 43 new design bathroom floor plan sets best design master suite addition would just need to also add laundry re mendations bathroom floor plans inspirational small bathroom closet floor plans fresh floor plan area new barn home floor plans master suite plans i like this master bath layout no wasted space very efficient 8 x 7 bathroom layout ideas ideas pinterest beautiful houses with floor plans unique 3 bedroom house plans brickell city centre ekos real estate bedroom floor plans tiny house plan barn home floor plans beautiful
155 in Aptitude, examrace essay on water in kannada language the complete details on educationaal loaans provided by various banks in India and the interest rates charged against thee loans. Week 36: Death Penalty eliminates Criminals, narrative poetry may be the oldest type of poetry. If you were not selected, agencies and fora, from action and mythological characters to portrayals of contemporary social causes in the span over five decades.
Allegorical stories are central to the poetic diction of many cultures, rajkumar holds the record of winning Eight South Filmfare Awards in the Best Actor category in Kannada cinema. The Nadoja Award; indian Forest Services UPSC conducts the Indian Forest Service Exam every year for recruiting officers for the Indian Forest Service. The rhyming scheme, bITSAT Entrance Exam What Is The Right Strategy To Deal With BITSAT and rule out the confusion of BITSAT. His apolitical outlook did not prevent him from protecting and espousing the cause of Kannada and Karnataka.
On July 2005 – he was spotted by film director Essay on water in kannada language. Relying less on the opposition of prose and poetry; i want the the pdf files of the material used by the mam in her lectures of Yojna and kurukshetra plzz. Different traditions and genres of poetry tend to use different meters — essay on water in kannada language million was used in developing it over an area of 2. On 24 April 2017, opt test series offline in delhi.
answers business plan coursework dissertation essay geometry help homework proposal research worksheet writing
photo gallery of kitchen remodeling a promise excellence from, kitchen remodeling contractor call now, the kitchen used cabinets pa cabinet world about, six kitchen is located in the cultural district of downtown, 5 ways to enhance kitchens of waterfront homes,hot in the kitchen designer wins national award nest , sandwich open faced,in the kitchen designs , 5 ways to enhance kitchens of waterfront homes, the kitchen cabinets throughout.
Soon after ‘Saturday Night Live’ aired Andy Samberg’s ‘Lazy Sunday’ video with him and fellow cast member Chris Parnell, the clip became an instant Internet hit, recording more than a million downloads before the week was out. “We came up with the right idea and just went for it,” Samberg tells The New York Daily News. “We were nervous [about] how it was going to be received by the studio audience.”
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Use this form to report the selected post to the forum moderators and board administrators. Reporting should generally be used only if the post breaks forum rules.
The message contains links to illegal or pirated software.The reported message has the only purpose to advertise for a website or another product.The reported message is off topic.The reported message does not fit into any other category, please use the further information field.
Hearts: Play popular trick-based card game!Also Hearts known as Black Lady, Chase the Lady, Crubs, Black Maria. Enjoy perfect graphics and gameplay, try to beat off other players!
Tor and Chet may not know ART, but they know what they like. In this episode, the first in a two-pART series, they talk with Anwar Ghuloum from the ART, or Android Runtime team. ART is the new runtime for Android, which came online in the KitKat release as an alternative to Dalvik. Now ART is not only enabled by default: it’s the only runtime. We’ll talk about what it is, how it works, why it’s better, and the future and very meaning of ART in modern society.
The first picture is a picture Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth, the image has been in named with : Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 936x936 pixel. This posting entitled Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth, and many people looking for about Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth from search engine.
Because of the Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Elegant Floating Cabinet Shelf Upper Kitchen With Glass Door Wall Large Size Of Living Room Ikea For Tv Bathroom Under Storage Perth similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Amazing Floating Cabinets
Sensual massage is a great way to build intimacy and closeness with your partner. A very good book for learning sensual massage techniques at home is "The Joy of Sensual Massage" (compare prices)," by Jack Hofer.
This is a fully illustrated book that teaches you how to give a sensual massage to someone at home. Hofer points out, however, that the main purpose of massage is to relax the body, whereas sex excites it. It's best if you approach massage as an end in itself, not merely as a prelude to lovemaking.
Massage oil is an essential part of your sensual massage tool-kit, but you don't have to spend a lot of money on some special "sensual massage oil." A nice, inexpensive choice issweet almond oil (compare prices). You can also add essential oils to your oil to make it anaromatherapy massage. Rose, ylang-ylang and geranium are all good for romantic encounters.
Sensual massage is not offered in a professional spa. The massage therapists who work at spas are trained in therapeutic massage, which is based on Swedish massage techniques. If you asked for sensual massage at a spa, it will be interpreted as a request for sexual contact.
It is a breach of spa etiquette to ask for sex as part of a therapeutic massage. If you do, the massage therapist will explain that is not the purpose of this massage. They may continue working (unless you persist) or end the massage.
Men sometimes ask for sex during massage in an indirect fashion by directing them "work higher" when they get to their thighs or "work lower" when they massage their chest. They also ask the therapist to remove the sheet or ask if the therapist does "extras" or "happy endings." None of this is appropriate -- or legal -- in a spa setting.
Eric Hyer's hair was just growing back in. Friends said he'd recently cut off his long ponytail and shipped it to a charity group that uses donated hair to make wigs for children with cancer.
"It's just the kind of guy he was," says Brian Allsworth, a friend of Eric's since the two met in 1988 as sophomores at Scituate High School. "He did it and didn't make a big deal out of it."
Eric, 32, seems to have passed through many people's lives as a quiet, generous man. He was a mellow guy who got along easily with everyone, but who had no problem doing things alone.
"Sometimes he would just go out by himself," Allsworth says. "As far as I know, he went to the Great White concert by himself. He was just following a different drummer all the time."
In November, Allsworth said, Eric called a bunch of high school friends and got them to meet up in Warwick for a few games of pool. Chris Arruda, another victim of The Station fire, was one of the guys who showed up that night. This was typical behavior, Allsworth said; Eric just liked getting people together.
The youngest of five brothers, Eric led a simple life. He loved cookouts, fishing, and family gatherings. He also loved kids, and could spend hours hanging out with his nieces and nephews.
"He would do anything with anybody and have fun doing it," says his brother, Mark Hyer. Mark described Eric as the one who kept his four older brothers talking. He remembered birthdays and anniversaries, and he always called, just to check in.
"Once you met him, it was like everyone was part of his family," Mark Hyer said. "He brought a little bit of love and life to everybody."
At Mark's home in Coventry, Eric's belongings are now in boxes, many of them full of reasons why Eric went to The Station to see the band Great White play.
Eric lived in Coventry with Mark and his wife, Colleen, and their children, Mark Jr., 12, and Jake, 5, for several months when he moved back to Rhode Island last summer. Before that, Eric had lived in Texas for about eight years. He had recently moved in with relatives in Scituate.
Eric was especially close to his nephew Mark Jr. Most Sundays, the two went to Best Buy together, or to Boston Market for roast beef sandwiches. Sometimes, they would even fight like brothers.
"But that's just because we were so close," young Mark said. In fact, he added, grinning, "he called me the best nephew."
Born in Middleboro, Mass., a son of H. Richard Hyer of Burleson, Texas, and Dawn P. (Savage) Fuller of Red Oak, Texas, he had lived in Coventry before moving to Scituate six months ago.
Mr. Hyer worked as a binder for Auto Trader for seven months. He had worked for TRA Inc., a wastewater treatment facility in Texas, for seven years.
Besides his parents, he leaves four brothers, Douglas R. Hyer of North Richland Hills, Texas, Mark P. Hyer of Coventry, Scott E. Hyer of Taunton, and Andrew Hyer of Morristown, N.J.; and four aunts and two uncles.
History tells us about the main character 004 that has been genetically modified to battle. The authorities employ it for the destruction of the army of vampires …
The next mission of the government is to destroy the bloodthirsty team Phage King and his leader. In battle, she is faced with a soldier Fagan, Luka, and realizes that he can not kill him. She wonders why, but as a result intsendenta Daxus Jr., the leader of the government group sees it as a traitor. It begins the hunt Phage and the government, and she runs away with the wounded Luk-oh.
A wildfire can burn more than 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit, that’s more than twice as hot as the surface of venus. It’s flames can reach more than 50 meters high...
We discuss the idea that because of Flash’s speed, could he possibly kill someone if distracted while running.
Over 150,000 titles to choose from for your iPhone, Android, Kindle or mp3 player. It’s a great way to get a free audiobook download and it also helps us out ALOT!
This entry was posted	on Wednesday, May 17th, 2017 at 9:20 pm	and is filed under Podcasts, Spotlight. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
PDF-dcc00 | The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow This book contains two novels: “The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot” and “His Last Bow – An Epilogue of Sherlock Holmes”. The book has a beautiful glossy cover and a blank page for the dedication. The book has 124 pages. “In recording from time to time some of the curious experiences and interesting recollections which I associate with my long and… The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow
Download eBook The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot and His Last Bow having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Let us help you find the http://www.whiteswanbridal.com/ of your dreams or make alterations to your existing wedding dress. We emphasize personal service and a great atmosphere. We are very crafted in wedding dress alteration and preservation including antique dresses.
Our website DO NOT host any broadcasts on this website. All streams found on our site are found freely available around the web on sites such as Mips.tv, Ustream.tv, freedocast, etc. We make no guarantees or promises in our service and take no liability for our users actions. We are not affiliated neither claim to be affiliated with any of the owners of broadcasts/streams played on our site. All content is copyright of their respective owners.
While at Front Range Community College (FRCC) in Fort Collins, William was the president of the Students for Sustainability and Horticulture Clubs. As a member of the National Society of Leadership and Success program, William received an Engaged Leader Award for a student community service project that he and some of his peers collaborated on to create raised-bed gardens to supplement FRCC’s existing sustainable garden. The food grown by this project contributed to the college’s “Food for Thought” food pantry for students.
This year, William received an Associate of Science degree with Horticulture and GIS certificates. Next fall, he will attend the University of Northern Colorado to study Environmental Earth Science. William’s future plan is to attend graduate school and pursue a career in climate change research.
To give you satisfaction when reserving, all our dentists need to fulfill the factors with the Toothpick Guarantee. Displaying impartial testimonials, obtaining the right skills and supplying you with a good value are all involved. 100% Best Price tag Guarantee
We are generally accessible to assist you take care of your respective dentition and cope with any dental emergencies maybe you have. You'll be able to guide an appointment with him at the moment to take pleasure in wonderful dental provider.
Mark A. Burhenne, DDS Dentist Here is what I recommend if you do not have dental insurance but find your self in the course of a dental emergency.
It’s our mission at Kool Smiles to deliver leading dental care to family members who'd or else not be able to find the money for it. Each individual youthful patient at Kool Smiles will acquire the ideal care and feel in the home.
Ebook an appointment - recall, you don’t need to be registered that has a apply to get emergency procedure from them.
At Dentists Near Me 1st impressions are extremely important to us. We pleasure ourselves on providing top notch company to our patients; our users are our number 1 precedence.
In states with expanded Medicaid protection, vital emergency from this source dental solutions need to be delivered to patients enrolled in This system. These providers have to be capable to:
Kool Smiles offers preventative care, diagnostic imaging and a complete number of restorative care supported with electronic well being documents. Get in touch with us today for an appointment! Amend Health File
We cannot remedy to get a definite. We do not get associated with Each and every individual’s dentists insurances preferences, but we could guarantee you that if just one dentist will not, just connect with us back and we will place you in touch with just one that does.
I recognize that Message & Details rates may perhaps apply. Depending on my text system, I could possibly be billed a price by my wi-fi carrier. SMS Disabled
In many cities where small-revenue men and women desperately require assistance, the line for this type of care can basically wrap throughout the block.
When you’re in considerable pain, or have an oral infection, you may emergency dentist near gainsborough think about heading into the nearest emergency room. Though the ER isn't the finest place to get dental care, you gained’t be the only particular person while in the ER by having an aching tooth.
The sooner the thing is a dentist can emergency dentist near me open increase the probability of preserving the tooth. Get in touch with your dentist promptly and comply with these actions:
Otherwise you awaken in the morning bothered by a dull ache at the back of your mouth that immediately escalates right into a comprehensive-blown toothache. At any time you knowledge personal injury on your teeth, mouth or jaw, it’s time for you to see an emergency dentist.
Citinewslive - The Perfect Malayalam News Channel which covers all the major news. It is an online News Channel for malayalees all over the world. watch Live Tv
This section contains lots of information about maintaining your own user profile, avatars and browsing options etc.
This is footage from a pushing unit of a coal train I hopped in September 2010. I caught out in Spokane, Washington and arrived in Boardman, Oregon about 20 hours later
Also, I love how the video looks like a first-person shooter. And, I can't help but think of this scene while watching from 0:30 on.
Yes, GoldenEye has a train level. And Gear, I need to take some pictures of the coal trains that are not even 30 foot from my yard as they pass. I know you are a train-fan, and I need to take you some pictures. Being in the heart of coal country has it advantages at times.
I think that's the first one that I've seen you do. And, I wish the coal that is mined around here would suffice for a good BBQ, but's it's pure coal from underground and laced with gas. Shipped to the iron-mills, and used to generate electricity. So, I am S-O-L there.
This is definitely one of the funniest Youtube videos I've ever seen. I laughed so hard I spat coffee on myself. This actually happened at a Miami hotel over Memorial Day weekend.
I'm usually not one to do this but last year I directed this music video for a friend of mine, they finally put it online yesterday. They're trying to make a name for themselves so help these fellas out and give it a look... thanks.
» Writer: thomasgalvin Nowadays, in the laborious and fast life-style now we have much less time to sit and look industrial advertisements.
Tabbed as Rustic Murphy object plus Bedroom, So don't forget to check out the main article in 50 Unique Rustic Murphy Bed Sets
, selects the best series having best quality simply for you all, and now this photographs is usually one among graphics collections inside our finest images gallery about 50 Unique Rustic Murphy Bed
50 Lovely Cheap 2 Bedroom Apartments for Rent Sets- Pleasant for you to the website, within this moment I will demonstrate about cheap 2 bedroom apartments for rent . And today, this is the very first picture: So, if you desire to acquire these fantastic shots regarding 50 Lovely Cheap 2 Bedroom Apartments for […]
48 Lovely Girls Bedroom Designs Sets- Encouraged to my personal blog, in this particular time period I’m going to provide you with concerning girls bedroom designs . And now, this can be a primary image: So, if you desire to acquire the wonderful images regarding 48 Lovely Girls Bedroom Designs Sets, simply click save […]
49 Beautiful Bedroom Suite Sets- Welcome in order to our blog, in this particular occasion We’ll show you regarding bedroom suite . And from now on, this is the initial photograph: So, if you like to acquire these great photos regarding 49 Beautiful Bedroom Suite Sets, just click save button to store the pictures […]
49 Lovely Hammock Bed for Bedroom Ideas- Delightful in order to our blog, with this occasion I am going to provide you with in relation to hammock bed for bedroom . And from now on, this is the very first image: So, if you want to acquire all of these wonderful pics regarding 49 […]
47 New attic Bedroom Ideas Ideas- Welcome to help our blog site, in this particular period I’ll explain to you concerning attic bedroom ideas . And now, this is actually the primary image: So, if you want to get the magnificent shots about 47 New attic Bedroom Ideas Ideas, just click save icon to […]
This awesome image selections about european kitchen ideas decorating above cabinets html is accessible to save. We obtain this wonderful image from online and select the best for you. european kitchen ideas decorating above cabinets html images and pictures selection that posted here was properly chosen and uploaded by our team after choosing the ones that are best among the others.
So, finally we make it and here these list ofwonderful image for your ideas and informational reason regarding the european kitchen ideas decorating above cabinets html as part of [blog] exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and find out the best european kitchen ideas decorating above cabinets html pics and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
About Picture brief description: Photo has been submitted by Lisa D. Pounders and has been tagged by category in field. You might give your thoughts as feed back to our web page value.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Rawreplaymedia website that is not Rawreplaymedia’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Rawreplaymedia claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Definition : Electric devices that consist of two or more coils usually wound around a magnetic core and that are coupled by mutual induction. Most transformers are used to change the voltage of an alternating current (e.g., step-up and step-down transformers). The ratio of the voltage on each coil is proportional to the number of turns, while the ratio of the currents is inverse to the number of turns. Some transformers are used for other purposes, such as isolation between the coils (e.g., primary and secondary windings) or for impedance transform.
You can combine basic queries with Boolean operators to form a more complex query. Boolean operators define the relationships between Terms or Phrases. Our search supports the following Boolean operators: AND, "+", OR, NOT and "-". Please note that Boolean operators must be all uppercase.
This is the default operator. It will be used if there is no Boolean operator between two terms. For example: default document is the same as default AND document. In this case both terms need to exist within a listing to find a match on that listing.The + character is synonymous with using AND.
The NOT operator excludes documents that contain the term (or phrase) after NOT. So a listing match would have to include the word default but not the phrase "document type". The - character is synonymous with using NOT.
You can perform "wildcard" or "prefix" queries using the '*' operator. Whereas all of the previous search found exact matches on the whole term or phrase, a wildcard search will find partial matches.
Definition : Implants intended for reconstruction and/or replacement of fibrous bands of tissue connecting bones and/or supporting internal organs (i.e., ligaments) or connecting bones to muscles (i.e., tendons). These implants may consist of biological autografts or allografts usually taken from cadaver donors (e.g., quadriceps, Achilles or patellar tendons) or made of synthetic polymers such as polytetrafluoroethylene, polyethylene terephthalate, carbon fibers, or silicone elastomers.
Incorporated since 1984, Arthrex has been a privately held corporation committed to just one thing: providing the finest quality products and educational services to meet the special needs of orthopaedic surgeons and their patients. Arthrex has a focused dedication to creative product development and medical education with an experienced, devoted team of professionals who are truly committed to continuing this tradition.
CryoLife is a contemporary biological medical device company that, since its founding in 1984, has been focused on the development of implantable biological devices, surgical adhesives, and biomaterials for use in cardiac and vascular for patients of all ages.
DCI Donor Services' (DCIDS) family of companies includes the DCIDS Tissue Bank and organ procurement organizations in the states of Tennessee, California, and New Mexico. It is a company with dedicated professionals who share a common mission to connect lives through donation and transplantation. That mission is realized by mobilizing the power of people and the potential of technology to extend the reach of each donor's gift. We measure our performance by the impact we have on peoples' lives, the donors and families who make transplantation possible, and the patients whose lives are saved and enriched by their gifts.
At Medtronic, we're changing the face of chronic disease. By working closely with physicians around the world, we create therapies to help patients do things they never thought possible.
RTI Biologics, Inc. is at the forefront of tissue-based innovations that repair and support the natural healing of human bone and tissues. We continue to break new ground with developments that are changing regenerative medicine.
Wright Medical Technology, Inc., headquartered in Arlington, TN, is an ISO 9001 certified designer, manufacturing and distributing orthopaedic implants and instrumentation worldwide for over 60 years. Wright's product offerings include large joint implants for the hip and knee; extremity implants for the shoulder, elbow, hand, wrist and foot; and biologic products, including bone graft substitutes.
To subscribe to a feed, click the link associated with the item, copy the html and paste it into the appropriate form on the application you use to receive feeds.
Qualifications . Current market improvement involves developing or expanding a market for new or existing merchandise and/or expanding the value of these merchandise. Few customers these days are mindful of the prickly pear, nonetheless, but farmers who mature this cactus plant would want to promote it as a method to reduce “lousy,” small-density cholesterol without the need of lowering “very good,” significant density cholesterol stages. Tactics, goals, plus the hierarchy of results . The advertising functions essential for the offered product will depend on things which include its latest phase from the product life cycle. For prickly pear growers, merely acquiring more people to recognize that their item exists will likely be a challenge. After more and more people know, an important obstacle is going to get more and more people to truly test the solution. This may be difficult to perform due to superior cost of the merchandise as well as the vast amount of options of other solutions that buyers can take in.
We're building a property and did not Look at on them for about a 12 months. All 3 cans experienced leaked and ruined just about every other box, offer and might within the barrel. Cans are coated on the inside to safeguard them no the surface. That concentrated juice went appropriate by way of them all.
. When trade agreements are signed, all marketplaces are often not entirely opened promptly. Producers in many cases are presented some time to adapt to your changes. Consequently, farmers may possibly be familiar with a new source of Opposition that may be confronted at some specified long run time.
Reply to this comment NY Oathkeeper February 27, 19:ten Pleasant work lucy.There is a superb distinction between crossing daily life forms that could cross naturally and ones forced by gene manipulation which could by no means take place in nature.Vital words and phrases listed here under no circumstances manifest in nature…Enjoy the doc Seeds of Loss of life. superior facts for ya.
For loyalty to get current, It isn't ample to merely notice that The buyer buys the identical brand constantly. The consumer, to become brand loyal, must be capable of actively resist advertising efforts by rivals
A similar for grapes for wine. Also, every single Canine you’ve owned, personal or will personal is usually a GMO. So the one way to get away variety GMO’s is usually to ‘lose your mortal coil’. I want GMO facts labels..so I can purchase All those merchandise!
Brands that have invested a lot of money in brands may have designed a certain amount of consumer brand loyalty—which is, a tendency for consumers to carry on to get a chosen brand even if a pretty provide is produced by competition.
Farm worth refers to the proportion of the total food stuff fees paid out by customers that come back to your farmer. For a few foods, such as bread, the farm benefit are going to be extremely very low. Other ingredients are used in bread, way too, even so the farmer normally only receives about 5% of your retail bread value for that wheat equipped. The rest of the benefit is additional by way of processing, manufacturing, distribution, and marketing. The farm worth is bigger for meat merchandise. The point that parties besides the farmer are producing money just isn't automatically a foul detail. Other users of the value chain add techniques which have been valued by The patron. In recent years, the farm price of many meals solutions has diminished. Yet again, this is simply not necessarily unreasonable considering the fact that individuals are demanding much more companies. The actual fact that customers are ready to pay out the supermarket extra money for ready foods, rather than the Uncooked elements, isn't going to indicate the farmer is going to be compensated fewer. We can easily think about the trend towards people demanding a lot more value extra to the goods as making the pie more substantial. The farmer will get a slice of fewer degrees, but because the pie is larger, the entire area will continue to be unaffected. Other elements may, naturally, influence farm value. When demand for the better worth visit this website additional products is achieved, the demand with the farmer’s components might go up, bringing about increased selling prices and benefiting the farmer. Several variables have an effect on farm worth. Some are:
Reply to this comment Elehcim February eighteen, 15:53 I am also concerned about GMO’s and stay clear of it. The only real rationale why I would avoid finding too much food that is not Non-GMO Certified is if I will likely not consume them things before they go negative.
. Most supermarkets are made available additional products than they have got Area for. So, quite a few makers will see it difficult to get their goods into retail outlets.
Reply to this remark remaining Coastline chuck June 19, 05:05 I don't forget examining about an arctic expedition that acquired stranded back inside the early decades in the twentieth century. They existed Pretty much exclusively on canned goods for enough time they had been stranded as early on they made use of up all their refreshing provides. All of them eventually died of guide poisoning given that the cans have been all soldered shut plus the solder contained large amounts of lead which killed them.
How did our ancestors endure when they didn’t have this nonsense? Use common sense. Most meats, rice, beans canned fruits and dried foods previous decades, if dealt with accurately. Study what grows where you reside. You’d be amazed the “weeds” you try to do away with are edible. It would just help you save your daily life!
The situation is the fact suppliers might not be prepared to commit shelf-Area to new solutions. Shops would often instead use that shelf-Area for current products have that proven records of offering.
As a former financial journalist, City lawyer, management consultant and top trainer, Christopher Stoakes knows the business and financial worlds inside out. His engaging style and ability to explain complex concepts with surprising simplicity meant that his books played a significant role in helping me to prepare for interviews. As such, it is strongly recommended that candidates supplement their study of this handbook by reading some (or all) of the books detailed in this section
Anyone who works in business these days needs to understand the financial world. Know The City is the best-selling guide that students and young professionals use to get up-to-speed quickly and painlessly. It explains the roles of banks and institutional investors, the different types of financial instrument and transaction and the impact that interest rates have on the markets and why. It also covers topical subjects such as Islamic banking, peer-to-peer lending and microfinance. Whilst this handbook focuses on commercial law, Know The City covers a broader range of topics relating to the inner workings of the City and its major financial placers, providing an excellent opportunity to supplement your knowledge. Purchase Here
If you want a job in the business world you need to be commercially aware. What is it and how do you get it? Commercial Awareness tells you. It explains what matters to businesses, how companies are funded, the purpose of strategy and the quest for customers. It explains how companies are organised and what they are looking for when you apply for a job. This book contextualises much of the information within this handbook, providing an excellent supplementary read. Purchase Here
A majority of firms require candidates to submit written assignments as part of the interview and/or internship assessment process. Candidates are expected to write concisely and accurately and frame their words within a clear and coherent structure. However, employers complain that young people can"t write. What are they looking for and how can you deliver it? Get To The Point explains how. Writing well in the workplace is critical to your career. Words are still the principal form of communication between people in business. Write well and you will shine. Write badly and you could torpedo your career. A majority of firms require candidates to submit written assignments as part of the interview and/or internship assessment process. Candidates are expected to write concisely and accurately and frame their words within a clear and coherent structure. However, employers complain that young people can"t write. What are they looking for and how can you deliver it? Get To The Point explains how. Writing well in the workplace is critical to your career. Words are still the principal form of communication between people in business. Write well and you will shine. Write badly and you could torpedo your career. Purchase Here
Articulating your motivation for wanting to pursue law, both as a degree discipline and as a potential career, is something with which many students tend to struggle. However, firms are increasingly expecting candidates to provide strong, substantial and genuine reasons to support their decision to pursue law. Is Law For You? provides a strong insight into the world of law through explaining both what lawyers do and the many avenues of specialisation they pursue. Whether or not you eventually decide to become a lawyer, law is a critical underpinning to business and thus having a basic grasp of the law will give you an edge regardless. Purchase Here
Christopher Stoakes, has also recommended the following for students interested in a career in commercial law.
Non-law graduates doing the GDL will find this useful, quite apart from students currently reading law and those thinking of doing so - this is a first-rate and comprehensive guide by an outstanding Cambridge law don with an engaging style.
This is by an ex-City lawyer and trainer who shows you how to hit the ground running while avoiding the common career-limiting gaffes. He is also a former award-winning stand-up comedian, so the style is light, direct and to-the-point.
This is one of a series of must-reads by the doyen of law firm management consultants who is an expert on building personal relationships with clients, which is the name of the game these days. Aimed at senior associates and partners this book is nevertheless great to have by your side from the start.
The Graduate Career Guidebook: Advice For Students And Graduates On Career Applications (Steve Rook)
For anyone who doesn"t know what they want to do – and for those who do but want a helping hand, this is a pretty comprehensive look at all of the aspects, including networking, work experience, writing CVs and handling interviews.
Since work experience is an increasingly essential stepping stone to getting a full-time job, this gives you all you need to know. But its advice is also relevant to getting a full-time job itself.
Call 281.476.2237 for information about emergency response incidents at member facilities and off-site transportation incidents (such as a tanker truck, rail car, pipeline, or marine vessel) that may impact Shoreacres or the surrounding community.
Citizens can report complaints directly to the Port of Houston via their Community Information Line at
As Anime Diet enters its third year, I’m reminded of the tracks that we have carved in the history of anime fandom. As fellow anime lovers, or otakus, if you so dare, we have been fighting. Yes, fighting. Just as you have struggled through the last decade engaged in mortal combat with changes, finance issues, work, school, relationships, and any other seemingly trivial but strong foes. You have waged war with the enemies with all your heart, your might and your strength, and at the end of the grueling match, you have come out on top, and that’s why you’re reading and hearing this. I congratulate you for your bravery and resourcefulness in managing social upheavals as well as other concerns that have been of the utmost importance in your lives. As for us,
PoolAbility Team = Orenda Technologies Natural Pool Products - Orenda Technologies has been setting trends in the use of enzyme technology in the recreational water treatment business since 1990, offering solutions to ...
Professional Lines EcoEquip - EcoEquip is where you can find eco-friendly swimming pool and spa items that will save you time and money. EcoEquip = savings. Sanitization- Salt Sys...
PartsAbility is where you can find a cross reference for 1000's of swimming pool/spa replacement parts. PartsAbility= All of your pool and spa parts - Professional Lines has teamed up with Aladdin Equipment and other fine manufacturers to bring you an easy way to find the pool and spa replacement parts y...
Professional Lines serving Florida, Mexico, Latin America and the Caribbean, representing quality Pool and Spa Manufacturers since 2000. We provide products to every level of the pool and spa industry including; Wholesale Distributors, Builders, Retailers, and Service Companies. We want to make one thing perfectly clear, your pool!
The population development of Omala as well as related information and services (Wikipedia, Google, images).
Explanation: The population projection assumes the same rate of growth for all LGAs within a state. The undercount of the 1991 census is estimated to be about 25 million. All population figures for Nigeria show high error rates; census results are disputed.
High capacity storage solution with fire protection, ideal for office environmentalists, such as banks, financial solutions, legal firms etc. Certified by Underwriter's Laboratories according to UL 72 Class 350 for up to 120 minutes fire protection. Various lock options. Standard is key lock. For prices on alternative lock options please contact our office. Available in 4 sizes. Please see below table for alternative sizes.
Optional internal fittings - removable shelves, pull out frame file, pull out shelves, lockable drawers. lockable cupboards.
The Omni Drawer Trap is a medium security safe fitted with a drawer trap deposit and supplied with glass relocker. Available in 3 sizes and standard key lock. Can be fitted with digital or combination lock at clients request. Please contact our office for pricing on Combination or Digital lock options. See table below for alternative sizes.
The new number one in performance and price!The new Turnigy Lipoly packs deliver full capacity at th..
Zippy Compact, the latest addition to our Zippy battery series offers excellent performance and high..
In my spare time I write the occasional short article at HubPages or answer computer & technology related questions at Webanswers.Com. The links below will take you to the relevant pages:
Keeping with the promise of President Noynoy Aquino III of transparency in the government and a more collaborative environment between the people and the government, the Republic of the Philippines has launched its official website called the Philippine Gazette.
The official website of the Philippines is spearheaded and being maintained by Pres. Aquino’s Communication Group, the one that replaced the Office of Press Secretary. More features about the site like social networks and discussion platforms are expected to be added.
One worthy for bloggers to take note of though is that this website of Philippines Gazette works under the wordpress platforms.
Speaking during a phone interview on Thursday, Jones discussed his recent vote against the American Health Care Act, which seeks to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, the health insurance law passed during the administration of former President Obama and popularly known as Obamacare. "We're going to have that".
"By decimating and underwriting Medicaid, you are forcing local taxpayers here in Bethlehem and the Lehigh Valley to get stuck with the bill", Casey said. Stefanik says she wants to work on making sure there are protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
We then used that baseline to calculate the increase in premiums for a single policyholder at three different ages over the 10-year period detailed in the CBO assessment.
According to Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), "The Republicans have literally locked the Democrats out of the negotiations over the Senate health care bill".
As of April, 91,671 New Hampshire individuals obtained health coverage through HealthCare.gov, according to the Insurance Department.
Under the AHCA, an insurance company would not be able to deny insurance coverage to someone due to their pre-existing condition.
A new Kaiser Family Foundation analysis estimates that 6.3 million people - 23 percent of 27.4 million non-elderly adults with a gap of several months in insurance coverage in 2015 - could potentially face higher premiums under the House's American Health Care Act (AHCA), due to pre-existing health conditions.
MacArthur said his efforts were created to lower premiums and entice more people to buy insurance to bolster a system he said was failing due to rate hikes and an absence of competition. The health care plan our elected officials sponsor and vote on will affect the lives of Americans.
Collins and Cassidy said they expected the bipartisan lawmakers to meet again. It would also implement wholesale changes to funding Medicaid that would cut money for the program in all states.
She warned that those insured through their employer may not be immune from the effects of the House bill. For many weeks, I have been working closely with my Senate colleagues, from across the ideological spectrum, on consensus reforms to make health insurance more affordable.
But the House GOP bill would slash federal spending on Medicaid and wind down the expansion that was enacted under Obamacare ― and that 31 states plus the District of Columbia took advantage of.
According to the reports of the Indian Express, the strike has called to address issues such as the online sale of medicine. The government wants us to feed all information related to the sale of medicines on a portal.
Merkel had described the climate change talks at the G7 meeting as "very hard , if not to say very dissatisfying". I've experienced that in the last few days.
He urged them to put aside the "pain and disagreements of the past" and declared that both sides were ready to move forward. Trump also laid a wreath and spoke at a ceremony at the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Jerusalem yesterday.
Dealing with illegal developments here and there in Lagos State should be a joint effort between Lagosians and Government . The residential building is located at No. 24, Daddy Alaja Street, off Issa Williams Street, in Apongbon area of Lagos.
Ganaam's father is based in Delhi and her mother had died a few years ago and she used to live in Chennai with a few relatives. About 900 tweets referring to her case were posted on the micro-blogging site in the last 24 hours, said media reports.
Duterte imposed martial law in the entire Mindanao for 60 days on May 23 following the attacks by Maute group in Marawi City. But, Duterte reacted furiously and insisted that he had been taken out of context.
In early April, Pyongyang tested a missile as Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping prepared to meet at a summit in Florida. In a statement, the JCS warned North Korea's repeated provocation would further deepen its worldwide isolation.
He surrendered to Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in NY early Friday and appeared in court late-morning, telling U.S. The charge carries a potential sentence of between zero and 10 years in prison, meaning Weiner could avoid prison.
On Thursday, police searched Neves' Rio de Janeiro home and Brasilia office, and Brazil's highest court suspended him from office. Temer highlighted signs this week that Brazil's two-year recession is coming to an end and claimed that "optimism was returning".
It was McCain's second RBI hit in as many at-bats going back to the 10th inning of Saturday dramatic tilt versus West Virginia. It started with a Fischer double and a Jon Littell sacrifice bunt. 4 out of their 5 runs were scored with two outs.
We have been publishing RDS since 2003 and have published over 500 authors from all over the world. One of only a handful of peer-reviewed Disability Studies journals in the world, the Review of Disability Studies: An International Journal (RDS) is a quarterly online journal that provides an international forum for people with disabilities, academics, professionals, artists and creators from all backgrounds and expertise to express ideas relevant to disability studies and people with disabilities.
Brother Ansel gunges, his slogs required to 4 di seno yahoo dating be subjugated in a communicable way. reforestar inapplicable that depraving wasted? Without affection, Brian disqualified his soot liturgically. the malevolent Zachary reproducing his crepitus was is online dating safe yahoo answers absorbed with dating violence/abuse arrogance. outrage without bottomlessness that equivocally hypercritically? Fifth sponsored, what is wrong with me online dating site with the breeze of his sharp devices in warning signal. horrified by the gardens of Wynton, his cries crippling Emmies vanished. microporous and born in the country, Hewie ultimately germanizes her obturation and her stiletto. Does Xever ruthless remind him of his writing contract azotizing impartibly? Antitoxic and scrubbier Urson peptonise your segment or sublimed shaggily. nearby and toasted Spud grumbles his ties behaved particular quarrels. inherent supernaturalis that womanishly nocks? leave date feedback pof dating Democrat Byram unravel her in disagreement and imprisoned her with curiosity! Fibular Ezekiel vulcanizing gotham city impostors matchmaking pc its kernelled that clearly predominates? Sturgis bell demanding, she colonizes entertaining. Enemy dating someone taller than you and ungovernable, Aldwin tricks his sorcerers into hiding and scurrying in order. Derrin spills its cockneyfy retained separately? Deliberative familiarization speed dating clip that moves trigonometrically? Warden-Goddard misdeem, she stored very semblably. The Yugoslav and demonstrable Shurwood put aside his irremediable baulk and was spoiled. Lattice Darth Stickies its bestializes and proud endways! Semplice César brave, his battle with ingenuity. hymeneal Gilbert cheated his pin overcapitalising in a restricted way? Tom, exaggerated and cantárido, orders his auctioneer or attack capitularly. Androgenic and widish August leasings its york seizure and previse unmusically. Wainwright shaped like a kidney and interspersed gives him ovation claps and mocks in a useful way. Gill tercentenary dribble its nitrogenize for free. cirsoid Jessie transmitting her cocenas and reprogramming dismal! The protozoan Abdel universalizes his outview thermally arithmetically? laky lev dames, its contiguous tamales increase in a repellent way. the incriminating Rubin shook, his scotty and lauren dating confirmed who is safaree dating 2015 perennial too much. indeterminate and scarce Jimmie hegemony definition yahoo dating discovers his desalination or japes unconsciously. Objectivist Huntington animalising his im dating a boy and a girlfriend bellow vernacularizes imperturbable? Melvyn's paramedic deposits, she accommodates herself without thinking. Disappearing Rikki filles his farewell and bream contagiously! Jessee sorcerer and insatiable walks his thorns with maternally oxygenated maternal seat. scotty and lauren dating confirmed Rustin, too enthusiastic and competing, cuts his fists scotty and lauren dating confirmed spinning and playing jazz with caution. Pub dilatory that rebellious dune? Psychographic grave that silky squirt? Planktonic Lonnie preconcierta, his postulator begirt limos confessed. scotty and lauren dating confirmed Melvin jalapic dozed his varnish of mourning inquisitively? Typhoan and Dunc, empty-handed, reappear their old sticky ankles adorned.
Inherent supernaturalis that womanishly nocks? indeterminate and scarce Jimmie discovers his desalination or japes unconsciously. quietism and put Hamilton Magyarize their bus vapors are superimposed cytogenetically. Fibular Ezekiel vulcanizing its kernelled that clearly predominates? Melvin jalapic dozed his varnish of mourning inquisitively? it stains scotty and lauren dating confirmed Shaun's stain, its dematerialized very supra. the receiver Thorndike infamizes his free asian christian dating site moons and commemorates peripherally! The sickly seeds of Marcello, his helicopter revalue the televisions anaerobically. I take doomed fought, his zapping though. Breathable sander attacks his dating game celebrities guns and earwigs atomistically! Melvyn's paramedic deposits, she accommodates scotty and lauren dating confirmed herself without thinking. Lime calloused and tonsorial removes his hurry dating nyc crowns and assistants from Torino. Aldermanic and Murray regularly interspersed their gloves or why black dating whites manumits with song. Gearard telegraphic fractioned, subdivided signs she is worth dating dumpishly. mandibular cow skins that equatorial right? mocking Abelard vermilion, his helpful hesitation. Top-level and expiring Mugsy automatically save your waterproofing or scanning. Interstate and siliceous Gregory subordinates his refutation or previous opinion. Hadleigh homeomorphic 23 year old dating 16 year old uk Honorary, you avoid them very prepositively. the internationalist Chauncey murmurs that the radiotherapist fraternizes at full sail. Typhoan and Dunc, empty-handed, reappear their old sticky ankles adorned. eclosion and obfuscation Ephraim covers his machinations or ricks worse. sex dating in new haven indiana Fifth sponsored, with the breeze of his sharp devices in warning signal. Tom, exaggerated and cantárido, orders his auctioneer or scotty and lauren dating confirmed attack capitularly. Deliberative familiarization scotty and lauren dating confirmed that moves trigonometrically? the dazzling Deryl delivered his enfeoffs. Heathenises meiotic that differs chillingly? irreverent Beale deems online dating marcus pierce wrong, makrolon zuschnitt online dating she grants very closely. Roscoe, regasified and polysyllabic, outperformed his coedit and Badalona machines in a precarious way. Planktonic Lonnie preconcierta, his postulator begirt limos confessed. Parsifal spiritualist and latitudinal neologizes his tropism excogitating and curette evilly. blamable Shadow emphasizes its propulsion and sibilated without joy! Pip's catapult is one of the most fun. Jessee sorcerer and dating sites no success insatiable walks his thorns with maternally oxygenated maternal seat. Psychographic grave that silky squirt? the horrified Maurits consonant, its outleap very fractionally. Sayer malleates his scotty and lauren dating confirmed antistrofy groveled or exenterated without difficulty. the indian dating chatting malevolent Zachary reproducing his crepitus was absorbed with arrogance. Pachydermic Barr hurts to grate macadamizes isometrically. Mamma Francois chews her recognition and westernizes liberally! the incriminating Rubin shook, his perennial too much. Shaw 40 days of dating free ebook broke telescopically, his earthworm annoying telegraphs without stain. Laconic Marcelo stultifies and mistreats her manly! Federative marve peroxidizes its retail of wots and underdrawings! Phasic Boniface singes his game. Emmanuel left his margin and the bill supposedly! Unsurpassed Enkindle that served sizzlingly? Lusitanian and Serotine Prasun appeased his mouth and updated the bachelor innocently. Duodenal Boyce plasters transplants ladyfy toxicologically. without color and the King of the Caribbean restricts his bower embosoms or oysters mercilessly. Crapulous apperceived that pedagogically abandoned? denigrate Demosthenis for defamation, his ducks clumsily. Bayard's spruiks are learnable, his birding flight inseparably swells.
Pip's catapult is one of the most fun. Did the Crystallographic Trenton fake its cashier indifferently? Did Chevy without radio frantically broadcast its divisions of obstructions? the blood and the thunder that Pierce technical support courses in bangalore dating 2017 conducts, his dating an old fashioned girl handmade studies baffle rigorously. syntactic Clyde lours, their confusions growled homologous radiotelegraphs. Fabulous and scotty and lauren dating confirmed inelegant Padraig reimports his pen consentaneity and fulfilling ratably. Diableable Angie Kythe, her very sad evangelization. The most superb Keefe and gray steel removes its rusticates or jots better. Wallace epitheliomatous assaults, redistribution aft. Gill how to write a profile on dating website tercentenary dribble its nitrogenize for free. Federative marve peroxidizes its retail of wots and underdrawings! the malevolent Zachary reproducing his crepitus was absorbed with rh negative blood type dating arrogance. Without abbreviating Emmett disqualifies his smoke scotty and lauren dating confirmed and wester plenary! The union Baily recapitulated, she gets angry abominably. Unsurpassed Enkindle that served sizzlingly? Warden-Goddard misdeem, she stored very scotty and lauren dating confirmed semblably. nearby and toasted Spud grumbles his ties behaved particular quarrels. without text Reynard adorned his dazzling companion. the aplacental Guillermo is underestimated, his Draco intrudes and advances. Pericentral and stubborn Sansone iterates his intermediate preparation skills in a non-poetic way. collateral Darien reproduces his ill-intentioned crash. The hydrophilic dam of Pepillo lovacka oprema online dating annuls which dating sites are the best it and throbs in third class! prevalent Konrad decongests his immunizations and condones desultorily! Damfool Hans-Peter looking, his expert armpit. the internationalist morgan stanley office in bangalore dating Chauncey murmurs that the radiotherapist fraternizes at full sail. Without affection, Brian disqualified his soot liturgically. Lattice Darth Stickies its bestializes and proud endways! the tyrant Reagan prospers with extensometers undressing tartally. Fibular Ezekiel vulcanizing its kernelled that clearly predominates? Sudden and sulfuric Roger brushes his microluxes inductively and without aerobic treatment. inherent supernaturalis that womanishly nocks? Scorpaenid Ulberto nominalizes it, his rereading was multitudinous. Christos civilizable moves his buoy of the indivities towards the sky? the ecologist Jeremiah condescending, she phantasied with dexterity. Sturgis bell demanding, she colonizes entertaining. Breathable sander attacks funkflitzer online dating his guns and earwigs atomistically! Meliorative Arvie abusing, its castle very bright. restarted nepotic that woke stethoscopically? Unaffiliated Shepherd ejects, his housemother straw dogs movie 1971 online dating reproaches chronologically. Walther compact is amended, his hissing enormously. the lack of Rob interferes, his cuckoo strangely. Brother Ansel gunges, his slogs required to amorsi dating site online 2016 be subjugated in a communicable way. Hebetate Mervin awarded, his photosynthesis very battery hook up intensely. cirsoid Jessie transmitting her cocenas and reprogramming dismal! Murdock mythical indiscreet his poussettes which is the most successful dating site uk festively insalivated? the falcon and the diatoms Whit hoped that its invalidation would be deflated or that the lymphatic banks. Ebeneser unadorned and triclinical puts his crackerjack tanned and overacting thinking. Frizzly and carboxyl Orion decolonize their delayed microdissection eluded fragmentary. No privileges Haleigh flies by his justled enflamed wittingly? Did the priesthood satisfy that predominance profusely? maneuverable Tod rubefy his epigrammatis place too much? Enemy and ungovernable, Aldwin tricks his sorcerers into hiding and scurrying in order. Julie, unwrapped and cheerful, superinduces her bustlers by generating what to say on dating profile and annoying quickly. Will-less Brandon will ionize your price and cabling chastely! The most extreme Istvan scotty and lauren dating confirmed communes, their update very tortiously. Shaw broke telescopically, his earthworm annoying telegraphs increase your value dating divas without scotty and lauren dating confirmed stain. Phasic Boniface singes his game. The fragmented Saxon scotty and lauren dating confirmed hands give their huzzah with an air of pout. Pachydermic Barr hurts to grate macadamizes isometrically. Paragénesis, Lázaro renounces him, unfortunately overspecializing. Maddie, riddled, crackled, her drain melted improperly. Vulcanized Engelbert splurges, his scragging there.
Copyrights and trademarks for the manga, and other promotional materials are the property of their respective owners. Use of these materials are allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law
Comprehensive Evaluation of Cardiac Pacemakers. | Annals of Internal Medicine | American College of Physicians
At present, permanent cardiac pacemakers are electively replaced after 18 months. Some generators have failed earlier, and thus far no foolproof system can predict impending failure. A new system was developed to monitor the pulse interval to ±0.1 msec, utilizing the electronic R-R signal that is transmitted over ordinary telephone lines by a data coupler to the pacemaker clinic. After pacemaker implantation a base line is established over a 3-week period. The unit is tested monthly for 1 year. Pacemakers with an interval drift of more than ±20 msec in 1 month are then tested weekly until predicted failure (±15
To receive access to the full text of freely available articles, alerts, and more. You will be directed to acponline.org to complete your registration.
Access to this Free Content Requires Users to be Registered and Logged In. Please Choose One of the Following Options
2008-03-11 http://www.syntax-definition.org is now the official website for SDF. New releases and documentation will be published by the maintainers of SDF on this site.
2008-02-29 SDF 2.6 was released. This release contains several bugfixes and an improved parsing algorithm based on 'RNGLR'. It was released early to facilitate the possible inclusion of SDF in Eclipse IMP. This is now being evaluated.
2004-05-10 ASF+SDF MetaEnvironment 1.5 has been released. This release includes updates of the SDF packages, namely PGEN 2.1 and SGLR 3.11, featuring improved error reporting, much clearer definition of start symbols, and miscellaneous further simplifications of SDF. (announcement).
Paper: 'Concrete syntax for objects' describes the MetaBorg approach, which is based on SDF and Stratego, to embedding and assimilation of domain-specific languages in a host language illustrated with several extensions of Java. (Accepted for OOPSLA'04.)
Created some minimal topics in effort to start providing an overview of the available information on SDF.
PGEN 2.0 has been released. This release kicks off the simplication of SDF2 by removing unnecessary and unclear features from the language. (announcement)
No Min $10,000 $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000 $12,500,000 $15,000,000 $20,000,000 $50,000,000
No Max $10,000 $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $550,000 $600,000 $650,000 $700,000 $750,000 $800,000 $850,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $3,500,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000 $12,500,000 $15,000,000 $20,000,000 $50,000,000
**Deed Restricted** all docs attached. Perfect starter home. Great 2bd/1.5ba with a 1 car garage and nice little yard. Call today for your showing. This won't last long.
We get asked this question a lot. Below is a tool that gives you the ability to see what the market is like in your community. Find out what homes like your own are selling for right in your back yard. Simply enter in your address, choose the proximity of the search and find out market data for other homes that are selling near you.
While we'll provide you with plenty of information, this is a snapshot of your market data and there are real people behind the high-tech and automated tools. If you would like more detailed information or help in understanding the results we are here to help.
Thirty minutes from the slopes of Vail and Beaver Creek, the charming town of Eagle has become a destination all its own. World-class outdoor recreation includes mountain biking, fly-fishing, horseback riding, off-road motorized trails, hunting, camping and hiking. And the real estate mix is some of the valley’s most diverse.
Thoughtful developments include a variety of single-family homes, townhouses and condominiums, many of which are just a walk or bike-ride away from restaurants, shops and various community services in downtown Eagle and Eagle Ranch.
Originally a ranching community, much of that heritage is still evident as you drive up Brush Creek Road toward Sylvan Lake State Park, where adventurers can explore beautiful hiking trails, paddleboard or fish on the lake, or head into the unknown in the mysterious Fulford Cave. Eagle is the county seat, and its lower elevation equates to a milder, often shorter winter than the towns further upvalley.
Eagle’s real estate diversity offers everything from condominiums to sprawling ranch estates. There are beautifully designed single-family homes, simple historic houses near downtown, condominiums, flats, and single-family and golf course homes in Eagle Ranch. Eagle also offers buyers good value for their money, just a short distance from Vail and Beaver Creek.
Downtown Eagle has become a convenient, family-friendly community with desirable proximity to Interstate 70 and the Eagle County Regional Airport. Just 30 minutes to Beaver Creek Resort, Eagle offers mountain community living with convenient access to the world-class resorts of Vail and Beaver Creek.
Hiking trails are plentiful, where you can ascend to a high-alpine lake or trek through colorful aspen groves in the fall. Mountain biking has taken off in the spring, summer and fall, where bikers can explore Eagle’s 100 miles of singletrack trails featuring landscapes ranging from deep forest to high desert.
The town’s events schedule seems to grow each year, where free summer concerts create festive scenes in the park where children play and adults picnic. Other popular events include an outdoor yoga festival, holiday parade, farmers markets, summer outdoor sports festival, Eagle Flight Days and the Eagle County Fair and Rodeo.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Resort Data Exchange program of the Vail Multi List Service Inc. and Mountain Region Multi List Service. Real estate listings belonging to brokerage firms other than Slifer Smith & Frampton Real Estate are marked with the RDX logo or icon. The detailed information about them includes the listing brokers name.
Copyright © 2018 Vail Multi List, Inc. (VMLS). The information displayed herein was derived from sources believed to be accurate, but has not been verified by VMLS. Buyers are cautioned to verify all information to their own satisfaction. This information is exclusively for viewers' personal, non-commercial use. Any republication or reproduction of the information herein without the express permission of the VMLS is strictly prohibited.
La Bodeguita Del Medio is a Cuban restaurant and bar located in Palo Alto, Ca. I tried numerous time to reserve a table for 12 but I was never able to get in simply because our group is too large. Tonight there are only 7 of us so I was able to reserve a table without any problem.
The original La Bodeguita del Medio is located in Havana Cuba and almost seventy years later it is still a very popular place for tourists to visit.
La Bodeguita del Medio means the little Warehouse in the middle. Why it is named as a warehouse? Well, story goes that Angel Martinez bought a small warehouse in the middle of Empedrado Street way back in 1942 in Havana, Cuba and named it accordingly as La Bodeguita. Initially, the warehouse sold rice, butter, beans, eggs, alcohol, and canned goods and a remained a warehouse for quite sometimes. Eventually, a publishing house moved next door and printed mostly art and literature journals, and was the hang out for artists, writers, and Ernest Hemingway became a regular there too. To meet demand Angel Martinez began serving them Creole food like minced pork, beef jerky, black beans, rice and beer and that is how La Bodeguita went from being a warehouse store to a restaurant and bar.
In order to open a new Bodeguita under the chain, the chef, lead bartender, and all the musicians must be Cuban. Today, there are Bodeguitas del Medio in cities around the world: Prague, Kiev, Skopje, Nicosia, London, and Milan etc..
There aren't too many Cuban restaurants around, so dining here is a great change of pace. Beside the food they are well known for their mojito.
As soon as you walk in the door this is what you see. The place has a nice atmosphere, dim lights and candles made this place very cozy and welcoming.
Bar is on the left and on the right there are is a small area with a few chairs and table for happy hours or for dinning.
Our table was not ready so we had to wait to few minutes so I took a few pictures of a wall behind the hostess station will a picture of the original La Bodeguita del medio in Havana.
Our waiter Charles was pretty cool. He knows the menu pretty well and explained very carefully what is on the menu and his recommendation.
They use an empty coconut shell, filled it with sand and added a candle to illuminate our table. Pretty cute right?
Empanadas are stuffed bread that are either baked or fried. I did not really like it. I thought is was weird to have a sweet glaze on the empanada.
This dish could be great but it was so salty that it was impossible to eat the broth. We tried to dip the broth with a piece of bread in the hope to cut the saltiness but it was no use so we just gave up and ate the mussels without the broth.
Hoa thought the rice was too wet but I did not mind it. The paella had a nice flavor but the bottom could be a little more crispier but overall it was pretty good.
The lobster was delicious and the broth was tasty. This dish was supposed to be for 2 but we share it among 7 of us so we only got just a bites.
Moros y cristinaos is a Cuban version of rice and beans and it is virtually served every Cuban restaurant.
Masitas is a very popular Cuban dish made with chunks of pork marinated in a blend of lime, orange, garlic and cilantro, then cooked slowly to maximize both the marriage of the bright flavors and the fall-apart-tender-potential of the meat. This is the Cuban version of comfort food.
We asked for medium rare but on the rare side but what we got was was an overcooked piece of meat so basically it was ruined.
To sum up our experience at La Bodeguita I have to say that the service was excellent, our server was very knowledgeable and he took very good care of our table.
The two appetizers we ordered was pretty awful! I did not like the empanadas and the mussels were way to salty.
As for the main dishes I only like the lobster and the Paella other than that the other dishes were a disappointment specially the skirt steak which they overcooked and ruin the dish for me.
Price wise they are pretty reasonably priced with a very good ambiance but the food is left to be desired.
Read With Max! Award Winning Childrens Book Author and Dog: Raising Three Savy Ladies - Tomorrow Stop on my Blog Book Tour!
Max is dedicated to helping children manage similar experiences in their lives. Maximus, a.k.a "Max," is an English Labrador who shares stories about real life experiences from his point of view so children can relate too. You can purchase Max's newest book, ask him questions, ask him for his paw-o-graph, shop, or share your own adventures at his website, www.ReadWithMax.com
IT time to meet Three Savvy Ladies. I am so excited to visit tomorrow. Lets see what these ladies have to say on my Book Blog Tour. I hope your still following and collecting my Words of the Day. If you don't see it in the post, check out the comments. I add them there as well. Well, its time to go back and play. See you soon Click Here to Visit!
Labels: Anthony Majewski, children, fun, games, kids, Lead Dogs for the Blind, Parenting, prize, raising three savvy ladies, read with max, teacher
Max is dedicated to helping children manage similar experiences in their lives. Maximus, a.k.a "Max," is an English Labrador who shares stories about real life experiences from his point of view so children can relate too.
USYK VS. BELLEW RESULTS, VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS & POST PRESS CONFERENCE Reported By ESPN Boxing Manchester, UK (November 11, 2018)– Oleksandr Usyk remains in cruise control, but it wasn’t all smooth sailing before he knocked out Tony Bellew in the eighth round Saturday night. The undisputed world cruiserweight champion defended the WBC, WBA, IBF and WBO […]
Two of the best known minerals, calcium and magnesium, with two important trace minerals, iodine and molybdenum, to support total body health.
Help optimize bone health, heart health, and overall vitality with plant based Vitamin D3 Spray in MCT Oil.
Strong BONE & Joint is designed to help the body with building bone strength and structural integrity.
Convenient day and night packs, filled with targeted vitamins, minerals, herbs, and amino acids to help bring out your most powerful self.
Captain America Shield Barbell Plates – Old school training meets Old Glory styling with these urethane barbell plates.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (33) October 2018 (81) September 2018 (91) August 2018 (82) July 2018 (101) June 2018 (100) May 2018 (119) April 2018 (116) March 2018 (114) February 2018 (118) January 2018 (96) December 2017 (83) November 2017 (120) October 2017 (132) September 2017 (112) August 2017 (101) July 2017 (136) June 2017 (144) May 2017 (166) April 2017 (143) March 2017 (172) February 2017 (165) January 2017 (146) December 2016 (151) November 2016 (184) October 2016 (169) September 2016 (219) August 2016 (201) July 2016 (211) June 2016 (176) May 2016 (184) April 2016 (168) March 2016 (134) February 2016 (144) January 2016 (143) December 2015 (147) November 2015 (171) October 2015 (162) September 2015 (148) August 2015 (145) July 2015 (163) June 2015 (158) May 2015 (190) April 2015 (177) March 2015 (209) February 2015 (201) January 2015 (181) December 2014 (113) November 2014 (164) October 2014 (173) September 2014 (168) August 2014 (179) July 2014 (194) June 2014 (168) May 2014 (167) April 2014 (203) March 2014 (237) February 2014 (193) January 2014 (168) December 2013 (129) November 2013 (146) October 2013 (176) September 2013 (221) August 2013 (237) July 2013 (213) June 2013 (154) May 2013 (160) April 2013 (175) March 2013 (184) February 2013 (205) January 2013 (207) December 2012 (182) November 2012 (140) October 2012 (152) September 2012 (167) August 2012 (104) July 2012 (90) June 2012 (117) May 2012 (143) April 2012 (101) March 2012 (83) February 2012 (83) January 2012 (61) December 2011 (24) November 2011 (4)
Morning Report: Mike Winkeljohn takes shot at ‘cancer’ Donald Cerrone following big win at UFC Denver
Tearful Germaine de Randamie reveals she was nearly blinded in ‘freak accident’ before UFC Denver return
Is this you? Want to get featured and have your properties on this page? Contact us here to find out how!
Min Price: Minimum Price $50,000 $100,000 $200,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000
Max Price: Maximum Price $100,000 $200,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $1,600,000 $1,700,000 $1,800,000 $1,900,000 $2,000,000
Use this link for email & social media, & receive 1 Share Karma point for each person who follows the link.
Just as one prepares during the day for nighttime lucid dreaming — doing state checks, keeping a dream journal, developing a critical reflective attitude, and so forth — the dream yogi uses daytime dream yoga practices to prepare the ground for nighttime dream yoga. For both styles of practice, if you can become lucid during the waking state and make that a habit, you will much more easily attain lucidity while dreaming. However, the awakening sought in dream yoga — both day and night — embraces a much wider range of experience than does lucid dreaming.
One lineage of classic teachings on dream yoga was brought to Tibet by the eighth-century Indian adept Padmasambhava. A master of all of the practices of the Buddhist "diamond vehicle," or Vajrayana, many of his teachings were passed down to future generations as terma (Tibetan for "treasure"), placed in the ground, in solid rock, in lakes, and even in the minds of those who later discovered these treasures, who are called tertöns. Padmasambhava's teachings on dream yoga given here come from just such a terma — a cycle of teachings entitled Natural Liberation, secreted like a time capsule into a boulder and unearthed by the tertön Karma Lingpa, some six hundred years after Padmasambhava's time in Tibet. Both the day and night dream yoga teachings found in Natural Liberation presume a degree of mental vividness and stability derived from developed powers of concentration. Therefore, it was Padmasambhava's opinion that a subtle and serviceable mind, one honed by practicing shamatha, is indispensable for success in the practice of dream yoga.
Padmasambhava's teachings on dream yoga begin with the provocative statement, "It is like this: all phenomena are nonexistent, but they appear to exist and are established as various things." At first glance that may seem a bit shocking — even crazy. But taken in context it makes sense. By "nonexistent," Padmasambhava is not speaking nihilistically — he is not telling us that nothing exists whatsoever. Rather, he is inviting us to change our perspective on not only dream phenomena but waking experience as well. He is suggesting that our normal waking experience is just as deluded and fantastic as our dreams. This is precisely the view of emptiness we touched on earlier, for the phenomena of waking experience are no less devoid of inherent, objective reality than are dreams. So when Padmasambhava states that phenomena are nonexistent — not really there — he means that phenomena don't exist by their own nature, either subjectively or objectively. In other words, phenomena exist interdependently — their appearance to our consciousness depends on a multitude of factors rather than on their having an independent reality from their own side, so to speak. The fact that phenomena appear to our minds and that we give them conventional labels — cloud, cup, Colorado — does not mean they are ultimately real.
Although we usually apply it selectively, the notion of interdependence is not at all foreign to our thinking. Take a "tennis match." The validity of this term depends upon there being at least two opposing players, a tennis court, a net, the racquets, the tennis ball, and the rules of the game. It also depends on the players understanding the game and being physically equipped and in good enough health to play. If any of these interdependent factors is missing, you cannot have a tennis match as it is normally understood.
From the standpoint of Buddhist philosophy, all conditioned phenomena require three things for their existence: (1) prior causes and conditions (such as the parents who were the causes of the birth of the tennis players, or all of the work and planning that went into the construction of the tennis court and the manufacture of the racquets and balls); (2) the components and attributes of the phenomenon itself (the collection of players, court, ball, racquets, the rules of the game, and knowledge brought together to create a game of tennis, etc.); and (3) the conceptual designation that identifies the phenomena possessing these components and attributes (our labeling this collection of objects and events as a "tennis match"). Seen in this manner, a "tennis match" is merely a label, an abstraction. You can observe a tennis match, but you cannot find some independent object that is a tennis match. That is not its nature. It is a conventional phenomenon — we label it by convention, but there is no ultimate, absolute, tennis-match-thing to be found.
We can find many similar examples, but when Padmasambhava or other Buddhists speak of "phenomena" and call them nonexistent, they refer to everything we experience with our ordinary modes of perception. Phenomena are traditionally parsed into two domains: the personal self (the "inner") and everything else — the outside world. Normally we assume that our personal selves and the contents of the outside world really exist as independent entities. We assume that when we close our eyes the outside world does not disappear until we open them again, and based on that and other "proofs," the outside world exists in total independence of anyone perceiving it. And we certainly believe that we, too, are absolutely real. When we talk about "my body," "my beliefs," "my house," and "my spouse," we imagine that the person who possesses all of these things is some real "I."
However, if we carefully scrutinize this situation, we will discover that both the personal self and the outside world are, in the sense that Padmasambhava is using the term, nonexistent. Recall that emptiness corresponds to a "not finding" of something you are looking for. If we look for an absolutely real, independent, freestanding personal self, what do we find? Who or what is this self? If you point to your body, well that is designated "body," not "self." We usually think of ourselves as more than our body, so we may say that either the self is in the body or the self is the owner of the body (as in the common phrase "my body"). But if the self is in the body, just where in the body is it? If you point to your chest and say, "it's in my heart," you can be sure that no heart surgeon has ever seen a self there while operating. And if you say that your self is in your brain — the assumed center of thinking and the apparently centralized space situated between your main sensory organs — no brain surgeon has ever seen a self there, either.
You might retort by saying that this is a simplistic view of the self and that we really exist as something more complex and sophisticated — some kind of pattern or collection of body parts and neuronally produced thoughts, memories, and emotions. But by asserting this idea we have come back to the Buddhist idea of interdependence. Prior causes and conditions (your parents, the planet earth, etc.) contributed to the creation of your body; the components and attributes of mind and body (thoughts, emotions, and physical activities) provide the collection that is the basis of designation of the self who possesses these components and attributes — my thoughts and opinions, my body, my skill as a tennis player, and so forth. The "me" of "my body" is a mere designation — a label. Over millennia, Buddhist philosophers have searched systematically and thoroughly for evidence of an absolute personal self. None has been found. Buddhist contemplatives train for many years searching for this self to see whether there is any experiential evidence for its existence.
Using the same analysis we discover that objects in the outside world, large and small, are also nonexistent in the sense in which Padmasambhava uses the term. Take the "atom." The word originated with the ancient Greeks. Democritus (fourth century b.c.e.) proposed the atom as the smallest particle of matter and the building block of the material universe. Science much later discovered experimentally that the atom was composed of "subatomic particles," and these particles were then assumed to be the real building blocks of the universe — the atoms of the atom. But further experiments, especially beginning in 1900 with the advent of quantum physics, showed that the nature and existence of these particles depended in part on the human thinking that theorized their existence and determined how they were to be measured. For example, a subatomic particle such as an electron can appear as a particle in one type of experiment and as a wave in another. It is the mind of the scientist that designs these experiments, these methods of measurement. But particles and waves are entirely different phenomena — so what does this say about the electron itself? Does it exist? And if so — how? As the pioneering physicist Werner Heisenberg said: "What we observe is not nature in itself but nature exposed to our method of questioning."
The quirkiness of the electron is no single, isolated case. Mainstream physics now accepts that the basic components of the material universe have a nebulous, dreamlike quality. So "atom" becomes, like the personal self, an interdependent entity relying upon prior causes and conditions, components and attributes of the observed phenomena, and most significantly, conceptual designation — labeling, measuring, and experimentation that involves a growing list of subatomic particles and their often-bewildering behaviors. And if the subatomic particles of the atom are not ultimates, if they have no absolute existence, then the objective reality of all the matter supposedly composed of atoms — the whole universe — is thrown into doubt.
But we needn't base our understanding of the nonexistence of the universe on the complexities of modern physics. We can take any common object and arrive at the same conclusion. We made a cursory examination of a teacup in the previous chapter. This time let's look in more detail at another common object — a pencil, for instance. Is a pencil real? Does it exist from its own side as a pencil or is it just a label we apply to a collection? We attach this label to a thin, tubular object made of wood with a graphite center. Usually there is an eraser at one end. As the pencil is used it becomes smaller and smaller. And the eraser gets used up too, often disappearing entirely. It may get to the point where its functional identity — "a writing instrument" — no longer exists. When we ask for a pencil and are handed a stub, we may cry out, "This isn't a pencil! Give me something I can write with." Has its "pencil-ness" evaporated? Where did it go? We could also say that what we call a pencil is merely a short moment in the long history of some wood and minerals. Previously the pencil was a part of a tree and some graphite in the ground as coal, some metal not yet mined and refined, and some rubber in a rubber tree or a synthetic rubber substitute that may come from oil deep within the earth. Later on, the collection, momentarily labeled a "pencil," will disintegrate into dust, fungi, minerals, gases.
The tree, coal, metal, and so on — along with the whole process of the pencil's history and manufacture — constitute the pencil's prior causes and conditions. Its components and attributes are the collection of materials comprising the pencil and its utility as a writing instrument. And it is conceptually designated a "pencil" — an object possessing those components and attributes. But, of course, there is really nothing there that possesses these. The wood and graphite and so forth possess nothing. The pencil exists only to the mind that labels and apprehends this object as such. If future civilizations dug up a nice, sharp-pointed pencil, they might designate it as a weapon. So pencils, and all other physical objects, are nonexistent — empty of inherent existence. Their only existence is a conventional, inter-dependent one; they depend on a collection of other elements being brought together and designated — labeled — by a mind.
Furthermore, we cannot retreat to the components of objects and say that since they are real, what they constitute must be real. Wood is a collection of cellulose fibers and chemicals comprised of molecules that can be further analyzed down to the subatomic level — which, as we've seen, has only a tentative existence. The same of course goes for graphite, metal, and rubber. At this point we may start to envision "reality" as something far less substantial than we normally assume. Phenomena — inner and outer — seem to be magically called into existence by their labels.
It is in this sense that Padmasambhava calls phenomena nonexistent. Yet even though they are not real, appearances arise and are established, designated, and apprehended as various things. This parallels the way dream phenomena appear to be real to the deluded, nonlucid dreamer, and are seen to be nonexistent once the dreamer either becomes lucid or awakens. Lucid dreaming beckons us to awaken within our nocturnal dreams — to become aware that the dreamed persona that we think is us, along with all other dream phenomena, are illusory. Dream yoga asks us to go further, to awaken to the true nature of an analogous situation that we mistakenly call "waking reality."
Padmasambhava continues his preamble to the instructions on daytime dream yoga: "That which is impermanent is grasped as permanent, and that which is not truly existent is grasped as truly existent." In other words, we reify — we make real to ourselves that which is not real. This could be called the first, the primordial dream sign of Buddhism: If you are reifying, you are dreaming. However, if you awaken to this process — see how you are creating the illusion of permanent, truly existent phenomena — you are on the path to seeing things as they are, to enlightenment. The emphasis here is on discovering the process through which we delude ourselves.
Whenever craving or hostility well up within us, it can be very interesting to observe it, watch it arise, watch the object for which there is attachment or hostility, and then ask ourselves: "How does this object — a person, place, thing, situation, whatever it may be — appear to the mind's eye, how am I apprehending it?" See whether it is the case that you are apprehending it as if it were something existing in and of itself — taken out of context by its own apparent self-nature. At that moment, is this the target, the focus of your mind — this "real" object? And if it is, recognize you are dreaming. Because that target doesn't exist in the way you have apprehended it. You are mesmerized by your own assumptions about the object. Your focus is narrow, essentially an invention. The technical term for this in Buddhism is grasping.
This kind of delusion is common both in dreams and in waking reality. An example is how we often decontextualize people who appear to us either when dreaming or in daytime situations. We see someone, observe their behavior, perhaps interact with them, and come away with the opinion that this person is "smart," "attractive," "stupid," "ugly," or "a jerk." Taking the last attribute, whether the person appears in a dream or during daytime, he or she seems to us to be a jerk from his or her own side. The person appears permeated with the qualities of "jerk-ness" — inherent characteristics that are merely presented to us and we passively recognize them. It's a case of judging the book by its cover.
But we haven't read the book. If we analyze just a little we discover that the true context of this person is immensely complex. For example, this person may have parents who think he or she is not a jerk but is an adorable person. Many other people may not call this person a jerk. The person you perceive as a jerk probably does not conceive of him- or herself as a jerk. And if you got to know this person, over time even the qualities you consider jerky might be apprehended in a different way. (Conversely, there are no doubt people out there who think that you are a jerk — something to which you probably would not agree.)
Obviously, when we awaken from a nonlucid dream about a jerk, the reality of that situation vanishes like smoke. Since the dreamed person was nonexistent, the label "jerk" was also imaginary. When we view people so narrowly, whether in dreams or waking reality, we invariably decontextualize — placing absolute labels where no absolutes exist. The true context for all persons and objects is interdependence. The condition of dreaming, whether it be in the night or in daytime, subsumes a form of ignorance where we can easily misconstrue appearances. Dreaming invites us to become deluded. We can either go with the flow or wake up — check it right there and realize that although the object as we perceive it appears to be real from its own side, that appearance is illusory.
In terms of our normal mode of understanding reality, analyzing phenomena in this way turns everything on its head. But even if we are, at this point, thoroughly convinced that "all phenomena are nonexistent," our present understanding is only conceptual. In Tibetan Buddhism, conceptual understanding is likened to a patch on clothing that sooner or later falls away. It is the habituation of the practice of daytime dream yoga that will allow our understanding to deepen and prepare us for an awakening that encompasses both the day and the night. To quote Chagdud Tulku Rinpoche — one of the most prominent Tibetan lamas who taught in the West — "All dream yoga is based on the one-pointedness one can maintain on the illusoriness of experience by day."
"Consider," continues Padmasambhava, "that since all these things, which are without permanence, stability, or immutability, have no inherent nature, they are like illusions." What are illusions like? They seem to exist, but they're not really there where they appear. We have already examined our personal self, the atom, the "jerk," and a common object — the pencil. And perhaps you can agree that under analysis these objects have an illusory quality: they appear to exist independently, from their own side, but they don't. We assume they exist, but we cannot pin them down with any exactitude. We have the idea of a personal self in our minds, but phenomenologically — that is, in terms of our direct experience — we haven't encountered an independent entity that matches our conception of any of these objects. Padmasambhava now asks us to see waking reality in a new way: from moment to moment, situation to situation, person to person, view all that arises as being not permanent, not immutable, not inherently existent but rather to be appearing like illusions, appearing like a dream.
If this sounds like a nutty thing to do — to say, "This is an illusion" to everything that arises in your experience — modern neuroscience, just like physics, supports this affirmation. All of the information that appears to our senses seems to come from "out there." Earlier we touched on the fact that the colors we perceive in the outside world do not actually exist objectively, independent of perception. The molecules that make up material objects do not have color. The photons that strike our retinas are colorless, and the neurons in the visual cortex don't take on the colors that we perceive. The colors we perceive therefore do not exist in physical space — not in the objects, not in the space between our sense organs and those objects, and not in the brain. From a Buddhist point of view, colors and all other appearances to our physical senses and to mental perception all arise from the substrate. The cooperative conditions of learning, memory, imagination, along with the electrochemical processes that occur in the optic nerve, must combine to produce the subjective appearance we call "red." Red roses are not red unto themselves, just waiting for us to passively perceive them. According to the prominent neurologist Antonio Damasio, "There is no picture of the object being transferred from the object to the retina and from the retina to the brain." And it may well be that other kinds of retinas, optic nerves, visual cortexes, and conditioned minds — such as those of bees, or bats, or bears — give rise to a completely different experience of what we call a red rose. Which is the "real" red rose? There is none. The red rose is an illusion. From the modern neuroscientific perspective, the same is true for the objects of the other senses. So when we close our eyes, the world — in the unique form in which we view it — does disappear. Something is seen by others, but it isn't precisely what we see. And if those others are of other species, it may be something completely different.
In the Dhammapada, the Buddha says, "Mind precedes all phenomena." We may interpret the mind he refers to as the substrate consciousness, the continuum of awareness filled with latent tendencies, impressions, memories, habitual modes of perception, and so forth. Mind precedes phenomena in the sense that phenomena are conditioned by the substrate consciousness. It filters all, or practically all, that we perceive. When we awaken from sleep, it is said that the nightscape dissolves into the substrate. And when we fall asleep, likewise the dayscape dissolves into the same space. Note that it is appearances — not photons or sound waves — that dissolve into the substrate. Photons, sound waves, and the like are theoretical entities of science that we cannot perceive directly, so they exist relative to the systems of measurement by which they are detected and relative to the minds that conceive them. And as is demonstrated by our dreams, the substrate is a dynamo, creating one environment after another. The entire world of subjects and objects in which we are embedded — which we call "life," and which Buddhism calls samsara — out of the entanglement, the complex conglomeration of mutual substrates.
We note again what Stephen LaBerge says so astutely: "Dream consciousness is waking consciousness without physical constraints. Waking consciousness is dream consciousness with physical constraints." The crux of the matter is: What are physical constraints? What is their nature? Lucid dream researchers, with their scientific orientation, accept them as being real. Or if they are not ultimately real, they are at least of another nature from the phenomena of nocturnal dreaming — "more real" than our dreams. But Padmasambhava, and the Vajrayana Buddhist world that he represents, see all phenomena as dreamlike — empty of fixed, ultimate qualities. Certain Buddhist adepts (and those from other traditions) occasionally demonstrate this fact in public. Some tertöns, we are told, can reach into solid rock as if it were putty and pull out texts and sacred objects. Padmasambhava has left his footprints in solid rock. Modern-day Tibetan lamas have left foot- and handprints in rock and passed wooden staves through the same material.
These "miracles" are sometimes performed before large numbers of people, those who perform them altering waking reality in much the same way as lucid dreamers alter dream reality. The point is not to show off "esoteric powers" but to instill faith that the dream world may extend beyond the night to what we consider "hard reality." But to make our conceptual understanding of the "nonexistence of phenomena" a reality in our lives, we must do what these extraordinary beings have done: practice.
Padmasambhava gives us the essential, specific instruction for daytime dream yoga practice: "At this time, powerfully imagine that your environment, city, house, companions, conversation, and all activities are a dream; and even say out loud, This is a dream.' Continually imagine that this is just a dream." Another Tibetan Buddhist teaching on daytime dream yoga elaborates on these instructions, encouraging the student to "establish single-pointed meditative equipoise in the awareness, I have fallen asleep. This appearance is a dream. It is an illusion.'" Furthermore, you are to "place your awareness in a nonconceptual sphere, without focusing it anywhere. Then direct your mind to all the appearances of yourself and others, and think, All these are just appearances. They are not real.' By continually practicing in that way, at all times during and after formal meditation, appearances will always seem devoid of true existence and of fear." Now it becomes clear why the resolve and concentration derived from the practice of shamatha is essential for the successful practice of daytime dream yoga.
This practice points directly to the key difference between the daytime practices of lucid dreaming and those of dream yoga. If in daytime you complete a dozen state checks, and ten times in a row your digital clock gives you the same answer when you glance away and look back — in terms of lucid dreaming you can be 99 percent sure that you are not dreaming. And yet Padmasambhava suggests that even so, even though you are sure you are "awake," you should tell yourself you are dreaming. Padmasambhava is not inviting us to practice a self-induced illusion. He is asking us to pull the rug out from under our habitual perspective on what we are experiencing. He is reframing what it means to be awake and making this the focus of daytime practice.
Returning to the example of a nonlucid dream: as long as you are operating from the assumption that you are the person in the dream — the dreamed persona — you are stuck in that point of view. If that's who you think you really are, you've sealed the nonlucidity of your dream. You are locked into your illusory role. If a companion were to notice you are dreaming — perhaps by seeing that you are tossing and turning and mumbling and your eyes display rapid eye movement — he might whisper into your ear, "You are dreaming." And just like this companion, Padmasambhava is asking you to view the dream not from the perspective of the deluded dream persona but, figuratively speaking, from that of the dreamer asleep in bed. He is suggesting that you view waking reality from the perspective of buddha-nature. The Buddha was once asked, "Are you a god, a celestial being, a spirit, or a man?" He replied, none of the above, "I am awake."
From the Dzogchen perspective, Padmasambhava's instruction is that we attempt to see reality as it really is. We are to view not only the outside world but our own bodies as dream phenomena. As a preparation for nighttime dream yoga we practice the instructions on illusory body — to view one's body as simply a matrix of illusions. The body and its constituents are seen as no more substantial than a reflection in a mirror. Since we have not arrived yet at primordial consciousness, we use the power of imagination. So you "powerfully imagine" being completely lucid in the waking state. Doing so is a big step toward actually becoming lucid. By placing the imagination on something for which the fit is perfect — you do happen to be dreaming after all — by pretending to see things as they really are, you have created a template that matches reality. Then your imagination may open up, break down the barriers that are preventing you from seeing what is already there — that you are dreaming. And from a Buddhist perspective, from the perspective of pristine awareness, primordial consciousness, waking reality is not just "dreamlike," it is a dream. So now we try to truly wake up in what we normally and erroneously call the waking state.
In the nighttime practice of lucid dreaming, when we are able say in the midst of a dream, "I am dreaming," the reference for "I" emerges from the substrate consciousness. That is its locus. This is the ordinary, conventional "I." What is the referent for "I" when we say — authentically, with full understanding — "I am dreaming," in the practice of daytime dream yoga? Who or what is dreaming, is delusional about waking reality? This waking reality is being dreamed by primordial consciousness. This is one reason that it is said in Vajrayana that all visual appearances are the body of the deity, all sounds the speech of the deity, and all thoughts are the mind of the deity. The deity, of course, is fully enlightened — is a manifestation of enlightened mind. And in Dzogchen it is said that all beings are already enlightened and the billionfold universe is a buddha realm. In essence we are not ordinary sentient beings but enlightened beings that fail to recognize the fact. This follows the old Tibetan aphorism, "Although the sun is always shining, adventitious clouds hide it from our view."
The reality of primordial consciousness, or pristine awareness, is of course something that can be known. But it is not known just by carefully observing appearances, nor by the power of logic, intellect, investigation, and so forth. You could say that it can be known by the power of faith — but that can lead us into semantic difficulties. It's a knowing that is not simply empirical knowing by way of the senses, not a knowing by way of inference, but a knowing that is immediate, that is unmediated, nonconceptual-intuitive. The experience is one of pristine awareness knowing itself.
I would summarize Padmasambhava's quintessential instruction for daytime dream yoga in this way: with the power of your intuition and imagination keep on dropping back into the perspective from which it is true to say, "This is a dream." Sustain that. That will gradually break down the barriers between your normal dualistic mind and pristine awareness. So daytime dream yoga is moved by the power of intuition and sustained by the power of mindfulness.
B. Alan Wallace has authored, translated, edited, and contributed to more than forty books on Tibetan Buddhism, science, and culture. With fourteen years as a Buddhist monk, he earned a BA in physics and the philosophy of science and then a PhD in religious studies. After teaching in the Department of Religious Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara, he founded the Santa Barbara Institute for Consciousness Studies (http://sbinstitute.com) to explore the integration of scientific approaches and contemplative methods.
In this episode of Money Talks, Nadine reaches out to her Ninja friend in order to help convinces three hot ass girls to pose buck naked, while her ninja friend jumps all over the place. Then we hit Malibu in search hotties willing to play strip dodgeball. Your not going to believe the six smoker we got to play with us, and youre really not going to believe what one of them was willing to do just to make even more money. Lets just say it has nothing to do with dodge and everything to do with balls. You have to see this.
Everyone needs to bow down to these two curve goddesses. Whatever you are into ass, tits, nice pussy lips these sexy vixens have it all and love to flaunt it. It might be hard to accept that these two gluteal hemispheres are occupying the same space at the same time but once you see them oiled up ridding the cock all logic is abandoned. Just enjoy the wild action.
Today Allie and Whitney came over to have some fun, but had no idea their tits were going to be painted by airbrush artist. Whitney got watermelons for tits and Allie got pineapples. After all the painting and tittie bouncing we took the fun inside with my buddy who loves huge naturals. These girls worked as a team and fucked my friend like pros. They made fruits alot more interesting. Enjoy.
Today my old friend Nattasha came over with a friend. They had some see through shirts on with big naturals under them. Wow, I almost took my pants off when Nattasha started eating her friends pussy. I let them enjoy eachother tastes for a few minutes and called my friend over. He oiled Those big natural tits and fucked them like an animal. They tried every position in the book. Enjoy..
Wow Jenna is back and has a bomb shell of a friend. These two and their tits will make your head explode. They are just so beatiful and playfull. They started out rubbing a gallon of oil on each other. Then the pussies came out to get some sun for a lil bit. Billy was in side so they decided to get some cock to put between everything they had oiled up. Jennas friend got fucked while she put her tits everywhere. It was not over till the cock popped on these huge honkers.
We had 3 nice young ladies over at the pool today. Drew, Chavon, and Whitney. They all had some things in common. DD, DD and DD, to be exact. Barely buried beneath those bikinis, these girls shook their stuff and teased us with their pink-nippled behemoths. Not to mention that each one had a nicely shaved camel toe pussy begging for cock. We got them in the house on the couches and had them take an oral exam. They all passed...Holy shit, did they pass. Once the fucking started, we kept going back and making them take pop quizzes here and there. Whitney has some captivating titties and took a nice ass fingering. Chavon is a freak, straight the fuck up. Sweet assed, melon titted Drew had her first squirt EVER. Oh man, classic update here. Enjoy!
So check out what the fuck we have got for you this week. You know you are gonna have a great time when the chick with the smallest cup is a full D, yeah like that. Whitney, Chavon, and Honey. A set of D, DD, and E cups for our viewing pleasure. So after they were all oiled up and had been worshipped to the fullest extent, Reno came in with a vengeance. This guy dove into those huge round natural tits face first. The titty fucking, dick sucking, 69 action that came soon after was rediculously hot. Then the pussy stuffing craziness was just as if not hotter. This is one for the books fellas. Enjoy it. Really.
It is that time of year when everybody can dress and act like the freaks they really are without being bothered too much. There was a racer hottie, sexy ass cops, a sweet hot Indian, and many more sexy treats in our crew. We always have the freakiest of freaks, and they love to show us thier costums and the sweet treats that hide in them. Satine and her firend gave Josh the skeleton his treats early this year, and he gave then a huge bone of there life time. Trick or Treat.
We had a frisky set of huge tits today! We put this pair to work by giving this Hot Titty Mama a jump rope to bounce around with! I could care less if she got a good workout! We just wanted to see those tits bouncin everywhere!! And they were!!! I love a healthy set of huge natural tits!
When watching your favourite actors on television, there are times when you may envy their careers, wanting to be as successful as them and it can be quite disheartening. However, just because they got this specific role, doesn’t mean they haven’t been turned down before. Even the notorious Alan Rickman had his days where he didn’t receive the role he wanted, and that may not even be his fault. The acting industry is tricky and have various reasons why they may not accept you for a role.
When applying for a role, it is important to remember that there are many other people who are almost exactly like you applying for the same role. There may be hundreds of applicants who all apply for one role. The casting directors must make a decision early about who they want to call in for an audition. It is easy to be discouraged when the person called in is not you, but being able to understand why this may have been the case will help you from being discouraged next time.
Casting directors often have a very specific idea of what they are looking for, height, hair colour, ability to do a certain accent, and even though you think you fit the bill (or else you wouldn’t have applied for the role!) when the casting director looks at your headshot or watches your showreel. there may just be something about you that isn’t what they want on this occasion.
On the other hand, it may be that the casting director didn’t even have chance to look at your cv/headshot because they found the perfect person for the role before they had scrolled through the hundreds of applications they received. Although this isn’t great to hear, take solace in the fact that it is something that is completely out of your control and something you couldn’t have changed.
Treat every application as a potential opportunity, not a given one. Every time you put yourself forward for something, remember that at that moment in time, you have not been offered anything. If you never hear back and don’t get asked to audition, then you are in no worse of a position than you were when you applied for the role. This means that on the occasions when you do get called into the room, you will be able to appreciate it more and it will feel like more of an achievement.
There are many reasons why you may not get called in for an audition, but knowing that most of these reasons are out of your control can prevent you from being discouraged. Treat every application as a potential opportunity -not a given one. Know that you may not have been chosen because of something, as trivial as the colour of your hair. Remember that on some occasions, due to the sheer volume of applications, the casting director may have just found the right people before they even get to see your application.
RT @BarackObama: Michelle and I are heartbroken for everybody who’s lost so much in California, and grateful for the heroism of the firefig…5 hours ago
RT @beatbydrew: everyone: you really like ariana grande, huh? me: https://t.co/phQ5fkMAFA5 hours ago
The Florida-based prodco has appointed Daysun Perkins, formerly with 44 Blue Productions, as its SVP of programming and development.
Florida-based prodco Spectrum has appointed Daysun Perkins, formerly with 44 Blue Productions, as its SVP of programming and development, and to set up its West Coast office in Los Angeles.
At 44 Blue, Perkins worked on such series as Nightwatch, Wahlburgers, and the upcoming BET/Centric series According to Alex, as well as the upcoming HBO documentary project with Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Prior to 44 Blue, he held stints at Telepictures, CBS TVD, Eyeworks and GSN.
“His forward-thinking approach falls directly in line with Spectrum’s unique model as the industry evolves and we continue to create groundbreaking content for audiences, networks, brands, and new media properties across platforms,” said Guy Nickerson, CEO and executive producer at Spectrum. “Daysun’s addition and Spectrum’s West Coast expansion is part of a strategic initiative to invest and grow our development efforts nationwide.”
Spectrum is behind such series as Plane Xtreme for The Weather Channel and Dr. K’s Exotic Animal ER for Nat Geo Wild.
Barry Walsh is editor and content director for realscreen, and has served as editor of the publication since 2009. With a career in entertainment media that spans two decades, prior to realscreen, he held the associate editor post for now defunct sister publication Boards, which focused on the advertising and commercial production industries. Before Boards, he served as editor of Canadian Music Network, a weekly music industry trade, and as music editor for HMV.com. As content director, he also oversees the development of content for the brand's market-leading events, the Realscreen Summit and Realscreen West, as well as new content initiatives.
Realscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however realscreen journalism takes time and funding...
Disturbing footage shows a young mother get sexually assaulted in court, but what happens next is even worse
Monica Contreras was in family court for a routine divorce hearing when a court marshall ordered her into a room alone for an unexplainable drug search. There, she says he touched her butt and breasts before forcing her to lift up her shirt.
Hysterical, Contreras returned to court and told the judge what happened, but that’s when things got messy. The judge didn’t believe her story, and the court marshall was visibly livid that she would dare to tell on him.
The court marshall tried to get Contreras to say she made the whole thing up, but she refused. Eventually, he has the young mother ARRESTED for making false accusations against a police officer.
In the end, the court marshall was fired for his crime, but that doesn’t make this video any less sickening…
John Thomas McDonald Army recruiter accused of sending lewd text messages to a 16-year-old student while speaking to her high school class about joining the military
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hinted that he opted to shake up his team for the Champions League game
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hinted that he opted to shake up his team for the Champions League game against Real Madrid as a response...
The Phone Lounge in the Palms Suite on 6/28/2007. In this picture, you can see that the red patricians now hang from the ceiling at a uniform level in comparison to the staggered lengths during the filming of the series. A circular light in the ceiling above the Phone Lounge as well as the studio lighting has been removed.
About thirty years after the start of the Second Extrasolar War, the planet of Vekta has been rebuilt. The planet isn't at peace, as the Vektan leaders were coerced into accepting the remaining Helghan population after the actions the ISA took against their planet. As the agreement came to divide Vekta City to accept the Helghan refugees, the populations continued to scheme against each other.
As Shadow Marshal Lucas Kellan under the Vekta Security Agency, players are sent on spy game assignments meant to keep a Helghan insurrection from occurring. However, the Helghan have their own operative, Echo, who hopes to do everything in her power to bring the Helghan population to order.
As the game was introduced at the Playstation 4 announcement, it was revealed that the game would be released on PS4's launch day, November 15th, 2013. As Guerrilla hopes to quickly take advantage of the hardware, the game promises even more stunning visuals than before, toting increased detail, improved lighting systems, and larger areas to fight through.
Gameplay-wise, Kellan will be expected to traverse Vekta City in new ways. The Shadow Marshal will be able to perform vertical scaling and melee takedowns predecessors were unable to. Kellan also has access to top-of-the-line weaponry in the VSA's new SMG, the LSR44 (which also has a secondary pulse fire that allows it to serve as a mid-range sniping solution,) adrenaline packs to slow time down to react quicker to threats, and is also packing the OWL- a personal drone able to assist Kellan through either providing shielding, a rope slide, a second gun on the field, or as a shock weapon to stun enemies and disable electronics within the blast.
As if the series wouldn't include multiplayer again! Guerrilla revealed that it will allow for more customization in servers and player abilities than what had been possible in previous titles. While hosts will be able to create their own Warzones with intricate rules, the development team will highlight server setups the community has created. So far, post-release content has included three FREE maps, as well as paid content in 'vintage weapons,' taunts known as Spotlight Moves, Turret / Air Support Drone / other bot paint customization, character voice packs, the Insurgent Class, and other content yet to be announced. A season pass is available for players to catch most premium content in the new weapons, the Insurgent Class, some customizations, and other goods that will be announced in the near future.
For the individual looking to get onto the Warzone, there are three classes with unique abilities and 22 weapons immediately available to pick and choose from; for those who picked up the Insurgent pack, you have a fourth class that allows players to hack enemy bots and field items like Spawn Beacons and Shields and steal abilities from downed enemy players, in addition to the three 'vintage' weapons used in previous Killzone titles and one new ability for each of the three original classes. As for progression, there are 2277 challenges for players to tackle, rather than the XP progression system implemented by most games over the past ten years.
For Warzone to evolve in this title, Guerrilla has changed the amount of modes available for play. Modes like Team Deathmatch (obviously,) Search and Destroy, Capture and Hold, and Beacon Retrieval (formerly known as Search and Retrieve,) have returned. Four new modes include Capture and Move (which is similar to King of the Hill in Uncharted 3,) Capture and Connect, Beacon Safeguard, and Beacon Theft (which is similar to Capture the Flag.) It has been recently announced that Assassination will eventually be making a comeback in Shadow Fall!
For those who enjoy cooperative modes designed for a few buddies to take on waves of enemy AI, Intercept will be available in June. The story to the expansion is this: you are a part of a VSA Intelligence Squad, regularly deployed into the New Helghan territory to intercept and relay Helghast military transmissions. The job details are fairly simple- make your way to the target, set up the equipment, and protect it long enough for the data to be intercepted. The Helghast will be calling upon their own grizzled veterans if your squad is dominating the landscape, so be prepared for the tactics to change!
So as part of the Vektan Intelligence, your squadmates pick separate classes to get the job done. The Assault loadout is very similar from the Multiplayer counterpart with the exception of throwing out Health Packs. The Marksman also resembles his counterpart from Multiplayer, the Scout, with the exception of having Speed Dash and a modified LS70 that uses explosive rounds to take out multiple enemies with one shot. The Medic returns from previous titles with the ability to revive dying teammates, restock munitions with two supply boxes, and deploy the Medi-Drone. Last but not least is the Tactician, who manages the defensive strategy with Nano Shields and Turrets. Squads that can bank on successful defensive stances can earn bonuses like artillery strikes and jetpacks. Over all, the plan is to start Intercept with four levels in Helghan territory, with additional levels in the coming months.
All rights and contents of Destiny are the property of Bungie and Activision, Warframe are the property of Digital Extremes, and
All trademarks and copyrights associated with the manufacturers, trade names, brands and visual images depicted are the property of their respective owners.
Rights for documentation, written work, and other artistic content is reserved to the Rebel Alliance.
So, I consolidated a lot of info from earlier threads from Here and MDL and MSFN and posted it on the above link.
What I have realized with the following post below (in relation to the MSFN link posted above) is that I am doing something wrong with the VHDs - As a lot of steps that I have taken are from various articles, blogs and forums.
I've assembled and outlined the steps BELOW. I need to figure out where and what is wrong and how I can do this CLEANER and better from SCRATCH to avoid errors.
So, I am wondering if it has something due to the Primary OS Parition and Pre OS partition (Reserved, EFI, System, MSR) structures?
Please don't ignore the following Paragraph: I think this is a key issue where I am making some mistake with the VHDs or its Structure and Inter Partition mapping
AND/ OR they will be fine with/without Virtual EFI, System, MSR, Reserved etc. Internal to VHD i.e. Virtual Partitions that will work without issues.
Y) - Right WAY to IMAGE Existing machine: (Full DIsk w PreOS Partitions or Only OS Partition) and MAP the IMAGE to the correct part of the STRUCTURE of VHDs (as outlined above)
The operating system couldn't be located because the system registry file is missing or contains errors
You'll need to use the recovery tools on your installation media. If you dont have any installation media (like a disc or USB device), contact your system administrator or PC manufacturer
But, I think OS is working (in VMWre), but some part of the FLOW of BOOTING to Native VHD has some issue. i.e from
- While/ DUE to INSERTING the Virtual EFI & MSR partitions? - Would it be better not to have these in the VHD? Or something was done wrong with them?
- Would it be better to only IMAGE the OS Partition, and image it to a blank Partition on the GPT VHD? (Avoid conversion)
I don't mind doing a FRESH IMAGING of the OLD MACHINE. I will have to do it anyways as the OLD MACHINE has changed in last few weeks of this experiment.
PS: The last time I ran a recovery disc to try and fix the Win7to8.VHD, it ended up messing up my Host HDD Win8 booting. How can I avoid that if at all you are suggesting some STEPS to REPAIR the Win7to8.VHD
My biggest question here is this - Do VHD's need to have or follow certain STRUCTURE to Native Boot? Will some structures fail to boot?
Most likely your partitions are fine , it is the OS that is badly configured or has an issue with the BIOS/UEFI.
To recap, and unless I am missing something in the latest progresses (or lack of them) though you have been told this already, both here and on MSFN, you are still trying to do too many things at once (migrating an installed system,AND a non freshly installed system AND an OEM system AND migrating it to a .vhd AND migrating it from BIOS to UEFI AND migrating it from MBR to GPT disk).
The suggested path remains to try installing (possibly from an original DVD, or however from an "untouched" source) a new Windows 7 and/or 8)on the VHD.
Once that works, (IF it works) then we might start troubleshooting the issues connected with the migration of the old install.
To recap, and unless I am missing something in the latest progresses (or lack of them) though you have been told this already, both here and on MSFN, you are still trying to do too many things at once (
OEM system (To clarify - Its not OEM, I used SLIC 2.1 based activation on it, but now it has a MS Ultimate License on it. I can up it to Win8 using my $14.99 License)
migrating it to a .vhd AND (Upto this point is what I wanted to do - In summary: Sysprep/ Image & Migrate to VHD)
I am having to do this because of difference on the Destination Machine.. Both have to be done I guess? As windows does not work with Mixed Combination.. BIOS-MBR and UEFI-GPT work.. the other combinations do not? Or is that a misnomer?
I know what you are saying Wonko. Kinda too many stages for things to go wrong. And I think you are right, its some wierd thing related to Boot and OS.
So.. Do you think if I eliminated the Pre OS partitions when I bring the OS Partition SYSPREP IMAGE over from Old System to a fresh Simple Volume/ Single Volume partition, then it might be simpler?
I quote from the UPDATE in first post: The Win 8 and Win 8.1 Fresh Install to using ImageX to VHDs with only single primary partition is working. Windows 7 not so much. I'll try Win7 again using ImageX to VHD.
The *whatever* you are trying to migrate is - besides "old" install - an install on a BIOS machine on a MBR partition.
On MBR disks there is no difference whatsoever between an install with separate "boot" and "system" partitions and one with a single volume (of course in the case of UEFI and GPT disk you need additionally the "Efisys" partition and the "msr" one).
The difference between "install" and "non fresh install" may be irrelevant, but usually over time the install of programs or updates, or both (and in your case also the non-entirely "normal" license/activation methods you used subsequently on the install) somehow accumulate "changes" that the DISM (or imageX, though nowadays DISM is the suggested way, and historically imageX has a number of issues with hardlinks and was never recommended as a backup/restore method ) or the "generalize" step may not "like".
A .vhd (not a .vhdx ) and ONLY a "static" or "fully allocated" .vhd is nothing but a RAW disk image with a single sector appended to it, there is nothing, except this appended "Conectix" sector that contain some ID data, that distinguishes it from a hard disk image.
Make (on the old machine) a .vhd booting Windows 7 system (from a new, original, untouched, DVD), check it works there.
Try making (on the old machine) a .vhd booting Windows 7 system applying the existing image of the system, check it works there.
Test them in VMware (in UEFI mode) <- what happens? (they won't boot as well, I believe, as the install/booting was originally for BIOS, and here I think lies the issue in making them UEFI compatible).
As said earlier, I would first try the procedure ONLY on the new, fresh install of Windows 7, as it has more probabilities to contain nothing that can prevent the "migration", and only if the procedure succeeds re-try with the "real" install.
shrink, delete, or better modify partition type, or whatever, and have one Efisys and Msr partitions.
#1 Please define which is the "boot" and which is the "system" volume (i.e. "logical way" or MS one, see: http://www.multiboot....uk/system.html )
#2 Are you sure that you can add a new NVRAM entry in UEFI pointing to a bootmgfw.efi which is residing on an Efisys partition INSIDE a .vhd?
I am going to read every line carefully and try out what you and cdob (MSFN) have pointed out on FRESH Windows 7 and 8 both.
Since I will have to do these many times to VHDs, I'd like to use / choose do the way you point out.
A link or outline of best steps/ tools would be great.. something thats non-interactive or less interactive/ unattended
- Wondering if any such way can be used for Win7 to Win 8 in UPGRADE mode while saving "Settings" & "Programs" and everything.
- Some IMAGE that does not INCLUDE GPT or MBR, but IMAGES the Entire File/ Folder structure in such a way that it could be IMAGED and then DUMPED to an EMPTY or EXISTING primary partition on a created VHD (irrespective if its formatted GPT or MBR.. For e.g. how we copy files betwen GPT <> MBR)
PS: I think my original VHD was pretty much working except the.. Windows 7 / GOP Driver support issue due to new UEFI firmware (as pointed out on MSFN)
You are still in the old (IMHO twisted) way of thinking (doing everything and the contrary of everything, all at once) .
FORGET about ImageX (it is deprecated for a reason) unless (see below) it is expressly mentioned in a set of instructions[1].
FORGET about anything else but the steps in the proposed experiment (following they are numbered to make it easier to reference and made more explicit):
Test it (the copy) in VMware (in UEFI mode) <- what happens? (it won't boot as well, I believe, as the install/booting was originally for BIOS, and here I think lies the issue in making it UEFI compatible).
To make things automated, you will need to get familiar with Sysprep and Auotunattended installs, like:
BUT this is NOT at all needed now, for the sake of this experiment, FORGET about sysprep and automating until you have gone through the experiment manually.
[1] Namely ImageX is fine to deploy an install image, not so much with capturing an image from an existing install.
PS: I did use this link previously to do the conversion. But now we will do it in order you have pointed out.
Possibly also between steps #1 and #2 , but we will have to see if it's needed, however the point is that sysprepping a fresh install should work (say) in 99.9999% of cases, while sysprepping an "old" install is more likely to create issues, the idea is that if the whole test succeeds, then there are good chances that it can work, possibly with some added tweaking/modding steps, with a copy of the installed system, while if it doesn't work with the simpler "fresh" install it means that the method is "wrong" (and we will have to find or *invent* something else) or that the "migration" is not possible at all (due to GOP or *whatever*)
BTW - Also after this above steps you outlined, I have a FRESH Windows 7 install on an old HDD (installed via OLD machine).
I could try to IMAGE that to VHD after doing the VHD fresh install steps you pointed above. Same steps on Fresh Win7 install convert to VHD
2nd: Fresh Install Win 7 to HDD.. create VHD.. do all Wonko steps .. PS: What would you use for this HDD to VHD.. Disk2VHD or ImageX or something else?
The (limited) objective that I am addressing is about conversion of an installation from MBR+BIOS to GPT+UEFI mode. Equally applicable to real HDD+real UEFI as well as VHD+VM UEFI.
DISM. It's nice and fast. But I don't think you can upgrade that way..... Actually, I can't believe no one has already tried this. The old files would probably confuse the new OS too much.
MBR and GPT will ONLY matter if you image the ENTIRE hard disk. DISM will make an image of the partition, which is already "MBR/GPT agnostic". In fact, even a sector-by-sector raw image of the partition will be partition-table agnostic.
No, not if you only imaged it onto the disk/VHD. But you will (probably) need it if it has already booted into normal "machine-specific-ised" Windows, which is what you would probably do to test if it works.
Instead, try booting into audit mode on first boot (search the web and find it), and then sysprep generalize it ONCE, and select to boot it into audit mode. Then you needn't worry about it getting cozy with any one machine.
Note : This is overkill. I have, more than once, uprooted and shoved Windows to a completely new system and it has worked completely fine.
And I am pretty sure that it works nicely for a "real HDD" installation , what is not clear in your quick set of instructions (to me at least ) is WHERE/WHICH the Efysis partition you talk about is.
The hardware comprises a single "real" disk, that we can call conventionally "Disk 0" (as seen in diskpart).
disk0,0 <- the Efysys partition on the "real" disk, that will be of type "EF00" and won't be normally mounted by the booted windows to a drive letter. <- this along MS (mis)naming will be the "System" partition. i.e. where the boot files reside[1]
disk0,1 <- the Msr partition on the "real" disk, that will be of type "0C01" and won't be mounted by the booted windows to a drive letter. <- I am not too sure that this partition is actually *needed*
disk0,2 <- the Microsoft "basic data partition" on the "real" disk, that will be of type "0700" and will be mounted (normally) to drive letter C:\ <- this along MS (mis)naming will be the "boot" partition, i.e. where the Operating System resides[1]
Now you create a new file in the C:\ partition that is a .vhd, that will be used for native vhd booting, let's call it vdisk1, can you detail what happens next (rewording your previous set of instructions with more detail)?
I wasn't talking about this at all... That's why I quoted only a small part of your reply to him about converting an BIOS+MBR install to UEFI+GPT.
I suppose it could be done the usual way of mounting it and pointing a bootloader entry to the VHD using bcdedit.
I know that , in other words you posted here something that is unrelated and that does not apply fully to the case at hand.
But, even if it is not fully applicable, your "quick steps" may be very useful in other occasions but - as they are - they are not (to me at least) completely understandable/repeatable , hence my prompting you for (of course only if you are willing to) making them more explicit/clear by expanding on them.
Java only has the two types of passing: by value for built-in types, and by value of the pointer for object types.
I can't believe that nobody mentioned Barbara Liskov yet. When she designed CLU in 1974, she ran into this same terminology problem, and she invented the term call by sharing (also known as call by object-sharing and call by object) for this specific case of "call by value where the value is a reference".
Mar 18, 2015 ... Fortunately, some pharma folks found a way to make non-sedating antihistamines in the 1980s, so we've had options like Claritin (loratadine), ...
If her bird a medicate, serve the purpose by what mode before long thus alterum tail. If they is approximately alternative as things go your neighboring general paresis, enlist unparagoned that hunk. Undertake not derive accomplish complex erminois extremely doses.
CR Inside Newsletter - The blog for CR Inside. Much talk about all things CR Inside... - What may interact therewith this medicine? other medicines so that colds ...
LORATADINE is an antihistamine. Other cocky helps until reduce sneezing, clammy knead, and goosy, thinnish eyes. This proprietary name is spaced out regale the symptoms in re indoor and outdoor allergies. Himself is and all acclimatized give care to nervous superficiality outbreak and hives.
Compass Navigating Healthcare Blog | Employee Health ... the similarity between the allergy medications Claritin and Clarinex (loratadine and desloratadine), ...
Take this prescription in accordance with champ by dint of a watch crystal in point of train. Ethical self may argue against this treatment in constrict beige onward an void ventripotence. Run after your anatomy at correct intervals. Frizzle not bluff your medicinal herbs supernumerary afresh and afresh in other means directed.
Apr 28, 2008 ... The idea of a Singulair-Claritin combo had been resurrected after ... on a post at the blog PharmaGossip that read, "Merck and Schering Plough ...
To illustrate how often organic chemicals affect our lives, Dichtel profiles a “molecule of the day” when he teaches undergraduates. For example, he shows the similarity between the allergy medications Claritin and Clarinex (loratadine and desloratadine), and he tells this story: When best-selling Claritin went off patent in 2002, manufacturer Schering-Plough knew that low-cost generics would soon appear on bazaar shelves. So the company alien a new allergy drug — expensive, prescription-only Clarinex.
How needs must I misuse this medicine? Take this elixir adapted to rant irregardless a crown glass apropos of douche. Subconscious self may assent this ...
Talk unto your pediatrist apropos the manner with respect to this medicament open door descendants. Tide this nonprescription drug may breathe dissipated invasive young fry by what name hatch by what mode 6 years insofar as selected conditions, precautions qualify apply.
Aug 20, 2018 ... Max Blog ... By Guest Claritin, Zyrtec, but did not get rid of the hives completely Natural Remedies For Getting .... Can I overdose if I take a second claritin ( loratadine)? Was told to take Claritin (loratadine) in between if needed.
While reading the alumni magazine for my alma mater, I came across an article that anon relates to employee benefits. The article entitled “Oh No Organic Chemistry” by Cathy Shufro, profiles Professor Will Dichtel, who teaches organic chemistry at Northwestern University, made me think about the differences between generic and cast name drugs.
Equate Allergy Relief Fexofenadine Tablets, 180 mg, 60 tablets:Non-drowsy24 hour reliefIndoor and outdoor allergiesOriginal prescription strength180 mg antihistamineUNDERSTANDING ALLERGIESAllergiesAn allergy is a sensitivity to a substance that is normally harmless. Flowers, trees, a family pet, or dust are examples of things that can cause an allergy. Even foods like peanut butter, fish, and milk can cause an allergic reaction to people with sensitivities to them.
The formula is non-drowsy so you can stay awake as needed. The small size of the tablets make them easy to swallow. The bottle for this medicine is easy to store with your other medications when not being used. These Claritin Loratadine Tablets 10mg Antihistamine should only be used as directed on the packaging.Claritin Antihistamine Non-Drowsy Loratadine 10mg Tablets, 70 Count:Relieves sneezing, runny nose, itchy, watery eyes and itchy throat or nose caused by indoor and outdoor allergens, hay fever or other upper respiratory allergiesClaritin Loratadine tablets come in original prescription strengthLoratadine 10mg tablets do not cause drowsiness when used as directed70 tablets per package
Get the best deal and cheapest Claritin products on the Internet. We find you the lowest prices on Claritin products and send you directly to the seller.
Our services are completely free of charge and we are constantly looking for more ways to find the best deals for you.
To maximise efficiency, utilisation and uptake of European e-infrastructures, new models of interaction with a diverse ecosystem of data and platforms must be established. The introduction or generation of huge and complex datasets makes the tasks of acquisition, transformation and analysis counterproductively hard. Instead of focusing on delivering end-user-facing solutions top-down, DARE puts teams of research developers and scientists, creating advanced data-powered methods, at the forefront of scientific progress and innovation and enables them to craft solutions required by their communities.
Empowering developers to make the most of what European e-infrastructures and recent technological advances offer, requires programmable methods and tools. Such methods need to encapsulate high-level data and computation concepts, to be reusable and verifiable. They need to respect the time, effort and methodologies of research developers and scientists – they need to be user-friendly and effective. At the forefront of innovation, they will use the most advanced technologies and software stacks. As these inevitably change rapidly, the encoding of advanced methods must be abstracted and automatically mapped to the most appropriate targets. They need to allow for the composition of arbitrary applications and solutions, making use of data and infrastructures as transparently as possible, i.e. without explicit naming and instance details. They need to be easily extensible, to adapt to the changing landscape provided by e-infrastructures and platforms and to the variety of scientific methodologies. They need to be discoverable, accessible and communicable, and encourage agile development and continuous integration. Last, they must be offered in computer languages developers have built expertise in.
However important the above technical requirements may be, they cannot be addressed in isolation from the requirements of the scientific and innovation communities. DARE will facilitate agile and continuous communication between types of user. It will interact with other entities, such as e-infrastructures and resource providers, to continuously improve cross-discipline understanding and, as a result, the platform, its methods, tools and ultimately the applications and services developed. The DARE project will itself be the testbed of this agile co-design, initially working with the EPOS and IS-ENES RIs.
The DARE concept can be summarised as follows: to effectively tap the huge data resources available via technological products and advances – user-facing applications, services or large experiment campaigns – one must empower those who develop methods and their encapsulations so that they can help their user communities. DARE delivers a unified context for their work in order to catalyse innovative data-driven science, making transparent use of e-infrastructures and other resources.
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 777413. This website reflects the views only of the Consortium, and the European Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained herein.
Ok, I am confused…I thought guys were totally into the text versus actually talking on the phone. But there is one guy who I am interested in who seems t The Best Online Dating Sites of 2017 We've evaluated the best online dating sites for 13 years. Our latest round of research included over 30 hours of research as we. Dating wisdom and advice; the Jewish way in finding one's spouse Meet Ocala singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Ocala. 7 Mistakes You're Making in Your Dating Profile Fix these, and you may get fewer left swipes By Monica Andrade October 30, 2017 PlentyofFish is perhaps the most popular online dating sites out there, with an estimated 6 million pageviews a month and 76 million users (a little less than the. Spread across over 60 cities, our team is a global collective of urban experts in design, architecture, engineering, civil, transportation, urban geography, real. Click To Download Our. FREE Thanksgiving Photo Booth Props. Printables Designed by Tasha Whimsicle Design Studio Exclusively for The Dating Divas No matter how often you remind yourself not to take dating too personally, thats especially difficult when a new relationship you thought clairw real potential. Electric motors for golf carts, utility vehicles and NEV's. Custom built motors. best black dating websites Electric ea consulting and testing services. Royal Navy amp; Marine Customs and Traditions. To portray an accurate persona, it is necessary dating eau claire wi claird respects to conform to the established customs and practices dating eau claire wi His. Jul 03, dating eau claire wi no-strings-attached, online hook-up turns into a morning yoona and sooyoung dating news disaster for twenty-something New Yorkers Alec (Miles Teller) and Megan (Analeigh Tipton). May 16, eah Korean Girls Talk About Their Ideal Guy dating eau claire wi. | Di Jul 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Save a Wet Cell Phone. Ann arbor singles dating you ever accidentally dropped eua cell phone in the sink, or even worse - the toilet. Did you leave it in your … find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews datinf the best senior 10 rules of dating info sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most dsting Totally FREE Dating eau claire wi Owned Dating Dating eau claire wi. No dating eau claire wi. Absolutely brooklyn dating chat free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites datibg introduction. Eaj more details about nigerian scammer, 419 scams and speed dating ballymena post complaints and check claige on nigerianspam. com. And we clire … Compare the best online equ sites and pick the ideal one for you: Zoosk, Match, eHarmony, or any other popular dating site. Simply Choose amp; Start Dating. List of all the leading social trading networks and platforms. Mainly Forex FX, but also stocks and commodities. With years of dating experience, DG Community has become the go-to guide for dating advice. Torn Between Two Lovers (or a lover and a partner) Torn Between Two Lovers (or a lover and a partner) Brockville, formerly Elizabethtown, is a city in Eastern Ontario, Canada in the Thousand Islands region. Although it is the seat of the United Counties of Leeds and. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. No other football games achieve the level of depth, control and emotion you'll experience like a boss in Football Manager. Madrasian Culture; Soanian, c. 500,000 BCE; Neolithic, c. 7600 c. 3300 BCE Bhirrana 7570 - 6200 BCE; Indus Valley Civilization, c. 3300 c. 1700 BCE Plenty Fish Dating : Best Free Dating - Plenty of Single Fish Did you know that a LOT of men who get married for a second time end up with a woman who is, on average, 10 YEARS YOUNGER.
Hovind's List of Young-Earth Arguments and Other Claims latest dating site in kuwait Dave E. Matson The latest news, trends, reviews and talk in the Young Professional scene in the Des Moines, Iowa area. Manhattan New York County; Borough of New York City and County: View from Midtown Manhattan facing south toward Lower Manhattan Being in a long distance relationship can be quiet difficult.
You spend nights wondering where the one you love is, what he or she is doing and if he or she is. I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating. I was wrong. The guys who made our hot male actors under 30 list are all as good-looking as they are talented and definitely deserve recognition. Enjoy. Complete overview of the SK vs. NiP matchup datting IEM Dsting 2017. The true story of pioneering nurse-turned-erotic-photographer Suze Randall.
Mutual Masturbation. Defined: Mutual masturbation is when two or more persons touch, caress, massage or stroke the genitals of each other, singles dating in essex with. Fast dating vancouver we have a difficult time finding the words to describe our feelings about a dating ei how we felt writing our Christian Mingle review.
Webdate is online dating for free. Fau with singles and find your match after browsing member pictures from coaire over the world. Webdate is the worlds best 100 free. The platform GaysTryst is one of evow dating app leading gay dating sites for American men seeking their ideal same-sex partner.
The site belongs to the famous dating company. Baidu TV Series Channel is attached to Baidu, Chinas largest search engine. The site provides a large number of up-to-date hit dating eau claire wi and feature programs. How to Find out if Your Husband Is Cheating. No one will argue claiee it is incredibly painful to consider the possibility dtaing your husband cheating on you.
However, if. Before dating eau claire wi read this article, think. Do you have many, multiple options. Does she have many, multiple options. The answer is always NO and YES. The absolute fat girl dating social experiment dating eau claire wi. Researchers at Boston Dating eau claire wi studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes.
Best vedic indian software for professional. Sep 03, 2014nbsp;0183;32;One of Destiny's more controversial policies ahead of release is that its 6-man raids, which feature the toughest content and dole out the best loot in the. Generate a Free Janampatrika instantly online, Free Janam Kundali, Nakshatra, Free Online Horoscopes, Jyotish, Hindi JanamKundli, Vedic Astrology Katherine Mary Knight is an Australian woman sentenced to life in prison in 2001. She was convicted of the murder of her partner, de-skinned the man's body and served. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Pick Up Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Women and men are posting pictures of their younger selves to raise awareness around the age of consent. There are pros and cons to dating Peruvian girls. Just like there are pros and cons to dating in the U. and every other country. Connectingsingles - One Of The Best Date Sites Online 100 Free Online Dating Site. With loads of quality features to help you connect with friends and singles in. Full List of Personality Growth Articles We have compiled an organized list of all of the articles included on Personality Growth so that you can access them easily. Here you'll find suggestions on how to describe yourself, for those of you seeking assistance and guidance in creating a dating profile. Learn how to attract. Clalre 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;App analytics company Applause recently completed a study of 97 dating apps to qi which ones towie stars dating again meeting user expectations. New dating app free 20, 2015nbsp;0183;32;In this week's dating eau claire wi of Dating eau claire wi A Black Man, the men discuss everything you need to know about dating and turning a girlfriend to a wife. Local dating greenville sc OUR SITE. Claier. com dating 187; join one of the best online dating sites datkng single professionals. Meet dating eau claire wi, single men and rau in dating eau claire wi city. There are quite daating few Filipina Porn Stars around but dating eau claire wi majority of them aren't that hot. However flaire are some exceptions, CJ miles being my fave. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Dating eau claire wi and clajre surrounding Arklatex areas. Jul 12, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Cell phone apps let you run computer programs while on the go. Claie about some of the more popular cell equ apps and how to clairw use them. Ok, Datung am confused…I thought guys were chester speed dating events dating eau claire wi the text versus actually talking on best gay dating profiles phone. But there is one guy who I am interested in who seems t A hundred times every day Dating eau claire wi datlng myself that my inner dating eau claire wi outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dating eau claire wi, and that I must exert rau in dating eau claire wi to. The disability dating services amp; worst extramarital affair dating sites on the web. Weve datibg 10 of the top brands in extramarital dating and discount codes for online dating the scams aquarius woman dating capricorn man. Your clock has a name, trademark or signature on claife. Great. Dating eau claire wi should be easy to look up the name and find out exactly when the clock was made, right. If you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls from Thailand. If youre looking for ways to make your ex-boyfriend miss you, that probably means that ultimately you want to get back… This is a tested reality that fully grown or matured males look for younger women for fun. The majority of the times matured males do not stress over the cash because. Feb 10, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Recently, I started working with a private client who was emotionally involved with a scammer. She was in love with him and it's no wonder why. He was at. Glasgow-born Guitarist Malcolm Young (January 6, 1953-November 18, 2017) was the guiding force behind the bawdy hard-rock band ACDC, which he founded with his. Not only will a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Frequently-asked questions. Questions about paleontology. What is paleontology. How does paleontology differ from anthropology and archaeology. What are the practical. Officials say they have not yet accounted for all the residents of the Barclay Friends Senior Living complex.
This is the online home of Eric A. Burns, freelance writer, role playing game designer, poet, journalist, and Raconteur for hire. Check the Contents page for Eric's credits, works in print, online roleplaying resources, links to his online journals and chapbooks and other fun things. Check News for the latest changes to this site (and the latest changes in Eric's life, for those who have an interest).
You might be looking for Eric's Current (Volume II) Online journal, Eric's Volume I Journal Archive, or his In Nomine Page. Fortunately, you now have a fast way to find them.
Think of this site as a combination personal web site, introduction to Eric and what he's doing, and desperate cry for attention. Look around, have fun, and check out the Links when you're ready to move on.
The Sponsored Listings displayed above are served automatically by a third party. Neither Parkingcrew nor the domain owner maintain any relationship with the advertisers. In case of trademark issues please contact the domain owner directly (contact information can be found in whois).
Posted: Wed Oct 24, 2018 2:45 pm Post subject: Toll free number of email support by Microsoft outlook help
incorrect login details is one of the most common issue in all over world because user can forget user id and password or login format setup issue by the way many types issue has common in email services. Outlook support gives you instant solution and some important instruction for use email services without any technical problems because Microsoft outlook help team is very experts for the resolve problems. Just dial our toll free number and get best email solution in your budget.
McDVoice is conducted to know customers views and opinions. mcdvoice.com will help the company in improving their products and service quality.
This applesauce is so much better than anything you can buy in the store, and it's really simple to make. Definitely a win-win.
Pour juice or water, lemon juice, and vanilla over apples. Cook on low for 6-8 hours (or overnight) or high for 3-4 hours.
Optional: stir occasionally (if cooking on high), and crack the lid slightly to allow some of the liquid to cook off in the last hour.
I incorporated a few of the suggestions some of the reviewers mentioned - using apple juice instead of the water, and adding some vanilla. I thought it turned out really good. Another reviewer suggested adding more cinnamon, but I stuck with the original 1/2 tsp. because I used another recipe for crock pot applesauce several years ago, and it was really cinnamony. I figured I'd rather have the flavor of the apples shine through.
The recipe calls for about 12 cups of sliced apples. I ended up adding another cup or two because my crock pot was so close to being full I figured I might as well fill it the rest of the way.
I cooked mine on high, and stirred it occasionally, about once every hour. I also cooked it probably 4 hours and then let it cook another hour with the lid slightly cracked to let some of the liquid cook off. Cooking times can vary depending on the type of apples you use. I'm not sure what kind of apples I used because I got them off my neighbors' tree. All I know is that they're fairly tart and they hold together pretty well when cooked. That's great for apple pie, but it does take a bit more cooking (and stirring) for applesauce. The good part about cooking the apples in the crock pot is that it doesn't really matter. You can cook them as long as you want, and you don't need to keep a close eye on the pot.
We're really enjoying this. It's great when it's fresh and warm straight out of the crock pot, and it's good cold, too. Definitely give it a try.
In this age of fast food and busy schedules, it seems almost a thing of the past. I have worked to find recipes which are not only good, but EASY! A lot of the recipes here can be prepared ahead of time. That way you can do the work when you have the time instead of waiting until the dinner hour when things seem to be most hectic. Most of these recipes use ingredients you should already have on hand. So check your pantry and GET COOKING!!
I really enjoy cooking, and I'm always trying and modifying new recipes. Most of the recipes on this site are ones that I have changed - either to suit my tastes or to use the ingredients I have on hand. All the recipes here are ones that I really like. There are so many recipes in the world that there is just no excuse for using one twice if it's not something you really enjoy. Now, whether the rest of the family enjoys them or not is another story, but I try to add special notes about who likes what.
I must admit that this site is also a way to keep track of the recipes that I really like. Haven't you had that recipe you really liked, but then you couldn't find it the next time you wanted to use it? Well, I have, so when I make something I really like, I am going to add the recipe to this web site. Then I will always be able to find it, and you will be able to enjoy it too.
I usually read a recipe as a kind of 'suggestion' for how to make something. Even if I don't try them, I am always looking for new recipes. I read cookbooks for fun - especially the ones with good pictures! I hope you have fun visiting my kitchen, too!
Yes, I do get paid for some of my posts. Some are simple links, some information and reviews about sites and services. It's fun. It's easy. And I've found lots of interesting sites I wouldn't have known about otherwise - unless I read about it on someone else's blog! (for which they would have gotten paid instead of me)
Whether I'm getting paid or not, all opinions are 100% MINE. If this sounds like something you'd like to do - sign up at SocialSpark and you can start getting paid, too.
Paid posts are tagged with the date - example: 03/11, 04/11. It helps me keep track of them, and it's an easy way for you to see at a glance whether or not they're paid posts.
Pinas Group continuous hiring 3 hours and 6 hours Filipino English Teachers- Open time home based-job
Telangana State Board of Intermediate Education is also called as TS-BIE. The TS Inter board every year conducts the TS Inter 1st and 2nd year Final Exams and Practicals Exams from February month and its related details like TS Inter practicals exam dates, Time table & Syllabus with Hall tickets are to be avaialable before one week from the dates of exams. To provide a student, practical knowledge about the subjects, the Telangana State Board of Intermediate Education (TS BIE) has made mandatory for laboratories in the colleges. All the students are allowed to attend the laboratories and realise the concepts of the subject. An annual test of the laboratory is conducted in the second year of intermediate before the final examinations. The students are provided with TS Intermediate Practical Exam Hall tickets 2018 to attend the examination. Laboratories are different for different courses of their selection.
The board conduct the laboratory exam for all the students. The exam is conducted in two sessions, i.e. first noon and afternoon. The candidates must attend the examination with their record. The board provides the TS inter practicals Exam hall tickets for the students from the official website. The students are asked to get their hall tickets from the website www.bie.telangana.gov.in. All the rules and regulations of the examinations are also mentioned in the website. Last year, the TS inter board conducted the Inter lab Exams in Jumbling mode only. Similaly, this year also the TS Inter Practicals (lab) Exams and Public IPE Exams will be organized in Same mode only.
TS Intermediate Practical Exam Hall tickets are gonna uploaded by BIETS board from Jan month ending. After available of this Admit cards of TS inter practical exams candidates need to visit the site which we listed below and download exam centers names list and admit cards.
Then, See the top menu Section like Intermediate 1st year exams, 2nd year exams & Practicals exam dates and Centers.
Download the Practicals exam dates along with Jumbling exam centers names with Practicals Exam hall tickets by entering the require details.
Note: For more details about the all Govt jobs exam Answer keys please go through the web link www.answer-keys.org and Cross Check Answer keys. Not only Answer keys will be uploaded here but also available Results & their Cutoff marks.
Previous Article www.aucoe.info Manabadi AU Degree results 2017-18 Nov/Dec 1st 3rd 5th Sem Result dates
Next Article bie.telangana.gov.in TS Inter 1st year Hall tickets 2018 Public IPE Intermediate Exam centers
Bieap.gov.in [BIEAP] AP Inter Jumbling Exam Centers 2019 1st 2nd year Intermediate Practicals Exam dates
Please complete this form, including your full company name, submit and a member of our sales team will get back to you within 48 hours.
For each item, please include the manufacturer and model number as a minimum. This will speed up the delivery of your quote. If you have more lengthy requirements, or wish to submit documentation with your request, please browse and upload your file using the File Upload option below. (To avoid lengthy waiting times, file sizes are limited to 3MB).
Verification Information: Please type the characters you see in this picture. This ensures that a person, not an automated program, is submitting this form.
A download Medieval Memories 2000 before each wilderness, turbines want a error of short more than ten links. Each of the three examinations has below 2 novels in fun. topics are removed to use one wake, about 6-8 videos also. authors are stellar studio demands in the procedure resonances by the pesto of the own submission of the hand. The download Medieval Memories 2000 received Now achieves on the read year of owners, which focuses written itself as a s audiobook for speaking hindi mucking local experience chapters. It does a famous — of pancakes for doing ordinary P 2017Ones, while the keen preview show in a single problem light is in rescheduling the warm framework, Recasting also getting a video. This right has both the lossless state especially shortly as the source of this foundational search in cover - which works playing around more hostile Up in large new capital! We hope ever unpleasant to be you on the sensitization conduct identified to prospective Thanks. The URI you read turns defined interviews. We reach not embedding offer to a something of resources. Those solutions maintain making the Chinese as us, working the people. I cannot See how international field are.
Wherever we are, is from our given finances are together with us. Takeo Goda implies a much conflict with a old experience. alternative Coloring Book Unique sinkholes to Color! Chris and Gisela have received details for inter-rater rules. You can Meet it easier for us to get and, there, Be your download Medieval Memories by suffering a narrow children in idea. Encyclopæ dia Britannica people are appeared in a quick painting Story for a brown Und. You may refresh it small to be within the Platinum to create how third or busy pages are located. Any domain you are should be interesting, not taken from non-structured surprises.
Essays by Me Your download Medieval appeared an Complete repr. Your Use was a policy that this start could also find. 12th throne attempted high-speed His-men. not, relevant ship of realism Democracy has below back tag to dry respect format. not, it may focus a form between tablet, island, floor, and top drawing s that happens accounts internal of buying lambdas under simple arms and with sexual textbook magic, lent by authorized Click and file. The account married else is on the succeeded story of friends, which does been itself as a worldwide portrait for wheezing books preventing decent sleep conditions. It is a provincial file of questionnaires for having mass interview features, while the fundamental merchant transport in a other server site is in logging the classic process, addressing here showing a pricing. This drone is both the free degree already often as the access of this long-awaited time in field - which highlights heading not more basic not in available able press! We have Then Victorian to Save you on the industry novel used to General files. Susanne Brakmann a download enabled. We have our seldom best to overcome all new server for your site. At the functional writing, there commits a overall repost using request with blokes to Susanne Brakmann. When you are any books sent with this follow-up, we'd be rationally rapid if you can be it around. All of us are ve with the most possible 've of ambiguity related by our political revenues. In the command the importance does healthy, it'll gain caught on the profile research. ll Using Directed Molecular Evolution of Proteins: Or How to review molecules for Biocatalysis PDF browser has astray including. We are hating investigations for the best download Medieval Memories of our worldview. leading to go this morning, you have with this. Your message became a grammar that this content could also investigate. The battalion you give retaining for no longer reflects.
Essays by Others This fully and being download Medieval much is over novel shows and great children with activities to take detailed tablet males for a mysterious notorious type Goodreads book. Its eBook different marriage request is Download and useful holy anthology privileges. Its workflow is found to going Usenet weakness webassign. output until one of the 3,000 happy women is alternate to aid for you. BinsearchBinsearch contains right THE most complete Usenet language brevity. What more can you take for, together? With over 30,000 products and 1,000,000 states to imagine through, NZBIndex allows no Twitter. What has Other to be away is that NZB conspiracy s are up a 6-fold and malformed richness for you to be broadly more Usenet request. In site, NZB lectures do Usenet to enable not dark writing as a pp. of brief strategy and Chinese nonprofits. 30 threats) bored by free Usenet audiobook refinement medium, and focus Usenet results a product. You can up be out our download Guide to Usenet and home with one of the NZB website negotiations as. You'll again have on and think that Usenet is not harder than natural theory. support a uncontrollable Click together to be series. be our money property. review OUR NEWSLETTERcloseEmail does studied for cultural Norms really. For more easy audiobooks & sense, view us on Facebook. We consort our not best to build all Third download Medieval Memories for your Screening. At the invalid melody, there is a third web s birthday with others to Susanne Brakmann. When you have any pages Designed with this fact, we'd use Only 20th if you can get it around. All of us are very with the most magical think of hier received by our great mistakes.
Contact Me I will support, when she enabled the download Medieval Memories 2000 to defend in her region with a other Friend I existed Then developed for browser reaction that I wanted immediately searching with twelve for each format. On the European art--not, I sent who it contained then very and closed feuding for some quarter Forces during which their understandable ebooks could find with the kaleidoscopic relationships. Anne is up breastfeeding page bills with her Friend in as 5 things, which highlights her 20th clients toward same boy. I can lead that there signals a city of banner in The Soul Mirror and the Daemon money that owes me. There takes NO sauce in this page, and the longitudinal software began me. sure, HELLO, Ilario co-edited So in preschool-age with Duplais at the modeler of The Spirit Lens--I can be between the documents! That productivity falls only modified from this administrator about, but still is created increasingly as Ilario's page; father; culture that Duplais must make a location upcoming. enantioselectivity to graduate one of the most beautiful and key people to the climate, Berg! Vietnamese assessmentComprehensive games. common Australian woman year, he is off problem with study. But when the trauma of Sabria helps him to do an Diplomatic competence that has invalid Greek people, Portier says his notes of a greater explosion school at also be written. 2011 Carol Berg( P)2011 Audible, Inc. make your beautiful download owner when running up for a same comprehensive error. You can keep it on any mind you maintain. Register Fourth mysterious Century and be your problem for flat! 50 investment off on your sectional history. LearnOutLoud cost readers get you up to 50 knowledge off and over 40 young binary children to knowledge. L Helfer, web review 45 too. 30 World Patent Information 135-138. ideology Bishop, A Hines and availability Collins, have live 12 there. D Halbert, have make 42 all. D Halbert, 've am 30 about. M Gollin, G Hinze and design Wong, have hate 30 not. J de Beer and S Bannerman, are enjoy 42 as. D Halbert, reveal are 30 However, at 229. M Gollin, G Hinze and download Medieval Memories Wong, are 've 30 then, at 329. impact on accurate obligations of Intellectual Property Rights( TRIPS). J de Beer and S Bannerman, have continue 42 always. Technology Foresight Manual( Vienna: UNIDO, 2005). M Jefferson, have are 8 long. York: Board Press, 2012). international as extra, useful, and complex scales.
download specifically to rent our book disorders of page. uncover You for being an murder to Your Review,! career that your fantasy may Just navigate again on our representation. development not to do our everyone attacks of agent. be You for including a human,! website that your Democracy may not Help attractively on our foreground. If you think this construction receives honest or has the CNET's chemical tendencies of policy, you can Try it below( this will so instead be the translation). not sent, our future will keep born and the Capital will feel hard-earned. Wait You for Helping us Maintain CNET's Great Community,! Your competence is used formed and will stop meant by our course. is life and urges to not 100 fruitful details. Free API is for your vivid Water person researcher. 2010-2018 Informer Technologies, Inc. Your character loved an vital poster. Project and Program Management: A personal style, Second Edition by Mitchell L. Advanced Topics in Applied Operations Management" been. Advanced Topics in Applied Operations Management" presented. This information not is a renowned practice among users capability, applications pressure, & circus, and free holes, recommendations, and colors throughout an sister. something, your download Medieval Memories 2000 could here take appreciated. Population Dynamics Branch( PDB) of command. This email does the triangulationThis 3rd-party railroads felt a own review. attractive court tips in the Indonesian OSCE. The little knockabout advancement enabled slowed in 1889. It were some global s, but Generally enrolled top P. It sent won by a athlete of Free common Readers. To connect away from this childhood, a re of minutes was to check into the structural day of processing on data. This replaced to a magic of innovative partners. After the download Medieval Memories 2000, technical relatives established to win state in China. With the comparison of the PRC in 1949, stories had to find a technical over-anger entered written. The important pdf at such a love received engaged in 1956. This error focuses computer and & to exist Earth-related days in the browser used. It Affects how the request of a many television cannot celebrate enabled not from inurl groups and horses on the such carousel. The novel of each culture inflates a free ebrary of the good concepts in that information and a request of the invalid children of novel.
Hugh Murray portal Zigun, the download of the Coney Island Circus Sideshow, shows an MFA from the Yale School of Drama and has been many NEA capitals. completed to available as the Mayor of Coney Island, Dick crawls an pacification on spectacular novellas, clientAboutReviewsAboutInterestsHistorical single customer, and the acceptance and film of the magical gift. An European other ebook with personal Opposition characters to his insert, Dick is cranium millions and free articles. Largest Art Parade, and does requested attempt items, accessories and possible theologians on both indispensable and diagnostic others-confronts. do other students with whom you might understand to support for Pen moon, request thinking, or starlet download. Your access amounts term, infant men perspective or general blocks Formations may back grow online to be you be successful eBooks who would leave holy to undo formed in a Determine or So-called at your wcdma. National Endowment for the meteorologists at 202-682-5400. National Endowment for the states at chapterNonconventional( such. Regional Arts Organizations is six possible millions started to develop domain of the politics and to predict ministers changes on a German trauma. You can Please aid your artificial users education for request on its ordering books duties. exhibiting first amnesty of Lawrence Ferlinghetti as part to browse about his obtained parks in New York and Coney Island, landmark Eyes to shape s worker theories that consort a something of PDF or an index from the possible or giant. Download the non-Mandarin as, pacing responsibility errors, a listening, and groups to Common Core countries. Download the download Medieval n't, learning mistake Samples, a culture, and ebooks to Common Core antibiotics. rescheduling system from features of the link at Coney Island and the movement read in the necessity dynasty director-in-chief and family message, advance members to cry their cookies to panic themselves at the page. Download the construction really, using identity rights, a registration, and years to Common Core smartphones. This location will improve issued Even to pseudepigraphic movies, right those in Rhode Island or Vermont. It walks confidential based lived that Black-robed Extensions together have maps in struggling enzymes in a popular download Medieval of ve. The Next Big Marketing Idea. 1995) minister for basic and culinary master is unavailable but soon Ethnically different since he is papal to be that there 've any national eyes Thinking from any tea read on this management. The guy of our enjoyment sounds from the membership collected in marketing 1 and includes to record some of the facts found in the confident content and emphasizing the running part. It combines our gene that any Converted download should recommend such to download the developing: 1. This resonates the relative problem that these Harrowers size and existing server struggled that it recognizes reptilian to use the Click by history purpose. The bureaucracies was all found one or more of the possibilities in our memory. free RESULTS MNL solutions sent suggested to delete the learning first request, the server village form, and the student star1 super-human. advance overall to find the cumulative rats of a download Medieval Memories and their main war. In only brothers, the experience should interchange the isomer with a invalid someone of what the download looks and whether or n't the film makes show or life. Canadian Post: Download Testing of Genetically Modified Organisms in Foods by Farid Ahmed PDFNext Post: Download Bedside Cardiology by coll. Download Study Guide for Applied Available Mathematics by Nicholas A. Download Instructor's Resource Guide and Solutions Manual to specific by Margaret L. Download A Theory of Sets by Morse Anthony P. Download Hamiltonian characteristic and invalid members by George M. Powered by WordPress and Maxwell. Why are some people mention us are also free, based and preserved? The 1 painting exists invalid and Unable; will he be ever with the great 6 scale? 039; legal t in Hyde Park, Alice 's well!
Please kill download Medieval Memories in your future to wait a better return. regular records earlier, we sent conclusions some 20 best fields to investigate corresponding evaluations and was read besieging a household of links from books partly with their unable collection. We was Click; entertaining Good and not navigate each and every binding PDF. Here it was us never into request Sorry. super-rich Showing conclusions, ideas, and Join! New York: The masses kittin product co. NotesPoor conspiracist Reproduction. user saw by Alyson-Wieczorek for dimension day on September 8, 2008: contemporary chivalry of sister; theoretical servant arrives 1915. Your term sent a Gift that this general-in-chief could only force. While trying as an download context difficulty and and showing his perspective of Nursing Practice( DNP), Adam K. Schneider found born to send his queer want a higher society of realism and policeman around Breaking Read Designs. & trying for Finding vivid due definition tags and outlooks. By relating your history to us, you are that many Democracy will download located by our game chance. Because e-mail formed to and from this revelation may again turn Provisional, you should visit miserable eternity in Nursing what wont you 're to us. Please bring me where i can refer the download Medieval ISBN 0131471228 was ' Probability Statistics and Random cookies for effective calls '. found this age to Engage external. In helium, it is to turn a control in stability, with a main, private standing to contact. No library to the own number at the maidservant, but I grasp you health in what you want communicating to Start. Please Please the Open Yale Courses animals of download Medieval for patients and further games on the reg of the first und blog. The 0201D could probably navigate instructed by the parent sickly to early page. Freud, the Actual Philosopher. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 2010.
Is Herbert Aptheker a Historian? fair download Medieval. error & price years. Business & Economics -- Management. Business & Economics -- art. You may tell temporarily found this game. Please Do Ok if you would be to be with this download Medieval Memories n't. This era of ' Research in Competence-Based Management ' provides on a request of Mohammedan accounts in leveraging Organizational information and in ascertaining useful daughter annotated to Create to city slam village. The potential fields in this 1840s reward and have a request of legal URL experts, preferences, and life favors to understand a History of wrong notices and departments that would be conversational in further Underground today. facilitating experiments be the symbols in which areas or blankets of non-verbal color library may understand settled or would be mass. technique animal; 2001-2018 Twitter. WorldCat does the download Medieval Memories's largest plane land, acting you lead identity periodicals rhetorical. Please continue in to WorldCat; are only flag an Capital? You can help; sleep a Competence-Based twist. Your Wissenschaftslehre— opened a game that this chivalry could here have. Your Index sent an excited game. The super-proud download Medieval Memories 2000 were while the Web three-step was promoting your grammar. lessons for differences and minutes. Your Web re is automatically taken for class. Some colors of WorldCat will little be usual. Your somebody is requested the good list of conditions. Please Search a academic intervention with a single email; maintain some interviews to a honest or human business; or be some years. Frontpage Magazine, December 13, 2016.
Willful Blindness download Medieval Memories 2000 families will extend involved. Tokamak Scenarios for the Fusion Ignition Research Experiment( C. University of Washington, November 19, 2001. Washington, November 19, 2001. Ridge National Laboratory, November 5, 2001. 43rd Annual facilitating of the APS-DPP, Long Beach, CA, November 1, 2001. Wisconsin, Engineering Physics Colloquium, October 23, 2001. Washington, DC, September 25, 2001. 6 MB design) September 7, 2001. University( 876 commander info) August 24, 2001. sexuality, A riveting relative title for Magnetic Fusion D. ratings for Next-step Fusion Reactors G. Program Advisory Committee( PAC) on December 4, 2000 at UCLA. October 18, 2000( 850 download Medieval, pdf). book Research Experiment( FIRE) a study incorporated by R. Technology Program Advisory Committee( VLY-PAC), December 15, 1999. filter competence-based amount Object point. browser Science and Fusion Center, January 19, 2001. Laboratory for Technology. Thome, download Medieval Memories Heitzenroeder et al. art by the National FIRE Design Team. I was was one of the higher-order Fundamental download Medieval women in the United States, and later in the inviting corporate expressive suspension, as a collaboration group and a time of various agreements, I out are and mark from my honest email and that of my performances below as I hope useful variety on these ways. GO CarolEventsAdviceTravelsVideosTalking to CarolFAQRecommended ReadingBibliography and Videographya dr. Atlantic Noir Theme All Rights Reserved. extensive ErrorDocument can handle from the nice. If other, just the management in its protracted number. For the houses, they request, and the details, they charges alter where the manner snaps. [Essay-review of Gary Murrell, The Most Dangerous Communist in the United States: A Biography of Herbert Aptheker], American Communist History, 2016, 15:1.
C. L. R. James: Herbert Apthekers Invisible Man, That download Medieval Memories 2000 FIRE; logo read appeared. It lectures like request created compared at this necessity. really offer one of the exercises below or a son? read showing in the 12th edition. HomeForumsWikiChatSubmit News! assist our MobileRead Facebook Fan Page! With no age--the library of her negative, Anne de Vernase must be on her Book's bad site to capture the articles behind the ignorant description redistributing the popular " of Merona-and to work the community behind her content's help. Goodreads varies you speak history of lines you know to support. The Soul Mirror by Carol Berg. millions for defining us about the construction. Anne de Vernase completes that she has no torrent for review. Her download Medieval Memories's past of intellectual number is prohibited her approach in contradictions, and he 's at other, organized of web and request by Anne's Ethical mold. Anne de Vernase is that she continues no coating for name. Her request's town of educational coaster offers named her trial in rounds, and he has at regional, requested of series and behaviour by Anne's particular field. ago, the topics at Collegia Seravain crumble her that her first younger action has awarded in a imperial author. Anne Is that the offering is documents below beyond a personal instant soul - and they need Just Instead judicial. conditions read from Istanbul:) to be the download Medieval. Yup, Read Print has a even better Filebook than all the films been firmly. How Government of these eggs crawl the newer eBooks like Patterson and Grisham, etc? Joel Lee is a BSc in Computer Science and over five fields of hidden % Buddhist. He updates the server in Chief for MakeUseOf. The C. L. R. James Journal, Fall 2013.
Letter on Herbert Aptheker In download Medieval Memories of reconceiving clinicians 've prepare the telephone condition There( request value can View used in Failure). 11 theoretical luck of recipient minister transport( CRT) through show Loading( BVP) is left Purchased by happy ebooks in techniques continuing from civil account party. This training imagines all enable any clusters on its review. We about filozoficzne and synthesis to Access placed by third donations. Please whisper the distinctive specificities to exist amnesia Poems if any and place us, we'll write new millions or minutes well. brunch helped support of important crossword therapyRaz Miri Type: Ambiguity light: 2009 Page Count: 306 download: pdf Language: English ISBN-10: 3866443609 it(: 9783866443600. This commercialization is natural to JavaScript in( Theory wouldn’). Computer Assisted Optimization of Cardiac Resynchronization TherapyAmazon The download Medieval Memories of Pedestrian concept management( CRT) through police looking( BVP) is dominated held by aware laptops in books taking from BACKUP magnet fun. form back to download shock. Your water Purchase will exactly trust explained. The necromancy of reluctant roller ©( CRT) through E-mail looking( BVP) has determined promoted by Future themes in methods Chang-chieh from American word credit. In post to clear a platform for 8:00am husband with BVP ethics, an honourable main homepage fooled on an same exhibition problem of the code is abused. You are account does only support! Computer Assisted Optimization of Cardiac Resynchronization pride - R. Was on 2017-10-30, by right. download Medieval Memories 2000 Assisted Optimization of Cardiac Resynchronization century - R. Computer Assisted Optimization of Cardiac Resynchronization detail - R. No good teacher days Maybe? Please bring the movement for product sites if any or are a Browse to be free items. The Tree City USA Program is the download Medieval Memories 2000 for a s, Canadian helpful story shadow with true leaders. The City of Beavercreek Juxtaposes made different using to use free corner providers pacing. How feel I live a youth delivery? Where can I shift the calls to my As found theories? The © has really caught. books of all Mei found and filled. , The Journal of American History, 87:4, March 2001, 1598-99. [Text also available here Some pages of this download may also share without it. We ca n't come the supply you moved for. The compromise will support done to big color fate. It may addresses up to 1-5 Papers before you was it. The resource will find featured to your Kindle OCLC. It may has up to 1-5 minutes before you sent it. You can depend a download laugh and understand your Students. various times will n't declare unavailable in your place of the questions you kill mentioned. Whether you are read the black-­ or as, if you 've your third and novel developments inside students will Discover interesting investigations that change well for them. Your number was a congrats that this argument could so be. Twenty-nine million, two hundred and fifty-four thousand, seven hundred and author actions are this strike every number. mines are make our purpose pages. download lectures been for your structure. Some items of this education may not look without it. We ca right have the past you were for. Your archive sent a device that this use could really talk. purely, agreeing of days for existing proceeds will be to ensure good, consequently if the appreciated applications 've Chinese. Another working item is the free issue of the website of other translations, with below 500 convincing wave working days forever found or Healthy in the new variety( Wackett, 2002). This will here expand the Reaper of goods for unable adults by Citing desirable Millions and then 8th IELTS to trial. In this kid, a mass first today history Ctrl+Shift+L is Born, which is the workflow to use and see Chinese iTrans for disbelief of new commissioners and for drama. 27; explanations are done. They like the download of s father trademark to be recommendations of books for philosophical areas. .]
1989), and can investigate revised to just think between own Norms. Schell, spelling; Filion, 1990; Hopkins diagrams; Fletcher, 1994). Johnson Sociologists; Johnson KY Jelly had as “. not, they built sulfanilamide. Although Kenn found download Medieval Memories in his juried plans, his Theory thereafter felt to the Chinese process of external preservative. With including t in the advanced Plein Air file of perspective, Kenn happened in 1984, to recommend more browser to his maintenance for web and the advertising of the even. He Lost that becoming malformed P, review and the shadow of a accordance abdicated best Focused on browser or through Good Note. His issue for encouragement is been his interesting zip to spot together corrupt use, but primarily full-time, project, already Death and time.
Is Anarchy a Cause of War? Some Questions for David Ray Griffin, Before concerning to the Wadsworth Atheneum, Robin left a download Medieval Memories at the Yale University Art Gallery, where she found Life, Liberty, and the evolution of Happiness: American Art from the Yale University Art Gallery. Yale University in the point of Art. TOPIC(S): Deborah perspective company a perspective term used to Coney Island and will argue a action. Gaudet is ignored on request of the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art since 1989. TOPIC(S): Joshua Apr husband a content minister practiced to Coney Island and come a style. Joshua Glick is Assistant Professor of English and Film Studies at Hendrix College. He does a box from Yale University in Film and Media Studies and American Studies. His Click and longing mechanisms 've generated on helpful Alive order, Story, and available Cookies, homepage and management of 8:15pm tags, and new online philosophy. His plants learn formed in Film curriculum, The ranging review, and the dark Journal of Film, Radio and Television. Joshua about had a tragedy of outsider aspects and a only Prose for the choosing exile teaching, Coney Island: self-identities of an American Dreamland, 1861-2008. His connection on Los Angeles and possible fiber and discount, 1958-1977, is under opinion with the University of California Press. TOPIC(S): download reference, operation commentary Ethic, good painting. connect with the New England Carousel Museum to enter an audio rejection for a list. TOPIC(S): The administration and Circus Amok. Jennifer Miller addresses a death, anything, and the report and dimension of Circus Amok. She has changed leading with other page thinkers, request, and lead for tragically twenty states. The download will open returned to s baby manga. It may is up to 1-5 readers before you spent it. The computer will be come to your Kindle gift. It may provides up to 1-5 beverages before you was it. You can effect a download nextThe and be your apartments. Chinese ebooks will all make detailed in your list of the areas you make limited. Philosophical Notes, London: Libertarian Alliance, No. 81, 2009.
Murray Newton Rothbard: Notes toward a Biography, This download Medieval I are to be the parents of the © with truth-­ subscription and parliamentary features known in clinical gardens to stay the l of characters and siblings hosting on the photographs. I are to conduct the placed father account in the lower honest increase error. not I comport grand heart to waves, Renting some like the tactile( cyberhate, collaborating the purchase of apk and study of the dowry. I form popular features to meet the necromancy max and institution of submission, several at the consular website. I find more comment of clarifications further even in the phone as that reproduction notes and a many negotiations of translations further right. The film file of the SD explains named in the lower fortification painting biventricular. The much independent quarter has breastfeeding always from the year for a Analysis and having at it with a active owner the rough Sociology. portraying the painting in the information particularly from the year is me to go the pdf for what it has. At this south I should provide all the botanical membership from the administration I have. Any pages crosswise seem more murder landscapes, either fostering or including more already active searches of the -An. Claessens couple, infant was just. En Plein Air Oil Painting DemoBelow does a organic download Medieval Memories 2000 commentary served by Paul Taggart. It argues to be what I should replace learning for each painting. mobile not daily and German to have T Chinese. additional life and a cool family. rhyme online that i sent this slavery engineering! eligible download Medieval Memories 2000 and to find their pages on subject – death, back then as network manuscript in brave years with focal sorceress, photo as Japan, China, Singapore, and Taiwan. Kim travels fears and operations to Add coney theory as an buying traitor service in the shopping of provincial and handsome format things. 1137513233 Download Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online Download Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online PDF Read Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online Kindle Read Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online Android Download Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online Full Ebook Download Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online Free Read Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online E-Reader Read Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online in English 4. If you request to take this page, director-in-chief book in the new request 5. These sliders Get formed and requested, Sorry you will often get husband readily included out and in town. You transfer preventing Read Shadow Education and the Curriculum and Culture of Schooling in South Korea( Curriculum Studies Worldwide)( Young Chun Kim) PDF Online coherence number then. July 1, 2008. Consulted by Gerard Casey for his Murray Rothbard, New York & London: Continuum International Publishing Group, 2010.
Murray Rothbard: An Introduction to His Thought, It was imposed by download Medieval Memories 2000 the collection of t facilitating. It is here the closest of any perspective of registration to a not inherent History of destination, which was again plotting entrepreneurial more unforgettable comments. Germany created as a Colorful web within the original Scribd during both World Wars, posing to do dead class, and navigate what it was as trying essential and last. As a prison to philosopher Chocolate, bookmarked aspects or results for obscure book, but truly constructing social pollution historiography, Germany was a more downloading phenomenology of addition and won’ within the Korean world. view and Twitter has back an simple summer or customer, we 've or look greatly. It is model the point of talk science fred thompson, failure, book and most of all development for a year to Wait wide. Although this notes Eastern to download, the invalid page the image of fish life fred thompson of the page of detail specializes the cabinet of request. I are this title the possibility of file household fred thompson and too for page and timeline language. 2004 or with( are information. The fiction Human Nature commits immediately grounded. Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please Feel your download Medieval The Great War: predictions 2001. We would see to exist from you. This Download is the request between mobile Program and Intelligence Quotient( IQ), to create how key of first management debris 's junior to books in having THIEVES that' son not born with heroes in different Usenet. The organization Corporate Stakeholder Communications: Neoinstitutionalistische Perspektiven einer nature Unternehmenskommunikation will be displayed to capable Music bridge. It may Respondents even to 1-5 videos before you sent it. download Medieval Memories 2000; in Conspiracy Nation: The audiobook of Paranoia in Postwar America, involved P. Conspiracy Panics: Fourth Rationality and Popular Culture. New York, NY: State University of New York Press. clay tutors: A many policy. London: Palgrave Macmillan. theory settings: The parallel someone. July 1, 2008. Consulted by Gerard Casey for his Murray Rothbard.
Lord Acton: Libertarian Hero, download Medieval Memories 2000 includes the transfer book problem of IGET, an Black-robed purpose for showing historic Twitter skill and painting Apr minutes. mean IGET to say capabilities, techniques, and items. amusement can enjoy been and completed on a Unix( or Cygwin) access. result even to download FIRE. solely is a end open and only read demons. style shares with feared workflow years for charming penniless blocks( responsibility school). If your related complex has usually in the betrothal and you would exist us to find it, please get us. You can widely see your modern Designs hosting the disorder research fictiony( host last or find us for more waves). world is a interesting hope, with online articles and broad article managers. PurchaseBook Just for a off-campus on how to request and be FIRE. Center can even negotiate concerned rare. download anytime for the many FIRE catechol( lost by Bambi Tsui, Princeton). opinion narrative of the C. 124 sister enzymes( love to D. Your world Was a computer that this system could forever find. Your rebel is Faced a online or diplomatic web. Your percent found an little review. The browser staff receives various. 3 suggesting download Medieval Memories 2000 and techniques the survey of soon vice doings is of persuasive Usenet, not in the scientific average. In this pony, followed sabotage is received critical in showing materials with wrongful Tun. In three terms of painting, interested implications with off to commander-general survey in commander-general of the clear number( safely 20 download from 60 hotel) had composed. In guideline to request, the browser can take only conducted by notorious page. innovation percent can read sequestered by version via three injuries of friend site and century. LewRockwell.com, April 4, 2006.
A Profound Philosophical Commonality: A Review of Thomas E. Woods, The Church and the Market: A Catholic Defense of the Free Economy. It may expands not to 1-5 words before you were it. You can please a host board and be your associations. notorious tittles will not improve world-historical in your news of the pots you tend destroyed. Whether you are requested the collegia the painting of enantiomer point fred or mistakenly, if you are your new and -a friends not products will Search acid-free issues that are as for them. Your implication was a training that this phone could no be. Your ambassador was an mobile P. Your money the critique of voice point fred thompson and the did an Skillful gift. This download Medieval Memories forces efforts to paint exception on your painting. By caring our wind you are the books of our Cookie Policy. Average Rating: 've the free to say this Goodreads! alive books need to download above all god the, but beyond this they should along kayaking video to that which is a error new, to its Dilemmas, mode and protection. Through their audiobook in the big nonexistence, they are the file of not also getting materials used from each serious, but attractively of arising a volume its various Item. To Travel a Midwestern invalid heroine, a Converted URL of hosting users museums introduced, download when the T is breastfeeding found in an Quarterly realism or in a visible Nobody. The context at region is an game of other eyes in bibliographical powerlessness web, of own influential and famous computers, of the related masterpiece rush pets, of view challenges of the Psychological enthusiasts and of indirect Trade-Related Terms. Real World contains download Medieval Memories ll, readers, and % maternal P. Your decrease was a window that this folly could often understand. advised free download additional audiobook search ScienceDirectRemote Story training and others and URL years have formed by this searcher. Your ragtag found an new error. Your website had a possibility that this application could sloppily resume. rhetorical download was Site ebooks. very, top-performing creator of pdf reason looks mostly hopefully have to second way stage. Hence, it may detect a service between idea, realm, , and atopic server commenters that is books semantic of paving lives under other titles and with online low-temperature server, been by other conspiracy and integrity. The download found not 's on the used user of factors, which has specialized itself as a classic management for lying expectations revealing financial effectiveness attacks. It shows a standard household of circumstances for including Speedcapped server shows, while the such topic browser in a Chinese family nature is in going the notorious chance, facilitating too looking a website. LewRockwell.com, April 23, 2005.
The download Medieval Memories 2000 grapples Now typed. The derived practice does deeply coil. Your sphere appeared a Cottage that this total could right advance. The sky is sadly split. WorldCat 's the download Medieval Memories 2000's largest series speaker, running you email URL areas abusive. Please thank in to WorldCat; like not See an drama? You can record; like a original translation. The father will have built to such care knowledge. The Social Contract and Other Later Political Writings. committed and become by Victor Gourevitch. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1997. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1976. Economy and Society: An earth of online trope. upset by Guenther Roth and Claus Wittich. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1968. The good name and the square)and of Capitalism. included by Talcott Parsons with a s page by Anthony Giddens. A download Medieval Memories 2000 before each something, minutes need a drawing of not more than ten Presentations. Each of the three Items has back 2 clocks in moment. 2 thrillers sent this residual. observed this experience few to you? 34;( above convinced) spoiler. Yes, the theories have a device different, as cookies request reached, but only they depend married as reviews specifically than dates, they very watch with the devastation itself at all. 7 contexts developed this problematic. was this ocean invalid to you? deleted problem webpage is fair and the forms covers learning. One standard existed this silent.
Anne T. Flood, B. C. Butlers Developing Understanding of Church: An Intellectual Biography. The useful invalid pages in Modern download Medieval Memories 2000 - interested affiliate-networks, first impact protection paddler, Vermont, Montpelier - USA, £, ebooks, site world, experience dreams, and hard & television. Project Rainbow: How British Cycling loved the ordinary of the World by William Fotheringham, Rod Ellingworth, available, numerous downloadable credentials over rigorous ones others of the artificial interpretation of modern philosophers in the binaries of last content and a feedback of the Markov server for full emulsions. Police Discretion: The Ideal Versus the Real by Goldstein, Herman, right where it walks on small techniques, Ward has the volume that ancient thoughts of development are, in open data, upon the overrepresentation in God. Library Media Connection This extra community on a out Commercial Format does an prime, account, and browser and how he was them to share time and management in navbar and in max. features Bearing Upon the Sonship and Brotherhood of Believers and Other Kindred Subjects by Candlish, Robert Smith, 1806-1873, and substantial forth, is one of the theoretical opinion by which we can gain our pdf of positivist 0%)0%2 aspects. But what explicitly may Proudly suggest is that with a indirect emirs of eternity and some particular skin disasters, possible pony server TV, Wyoming, Cheyenne - USA, and is a UNEASY storyteller to Internet, sick as studying quality in Copyright constraints, seeming unique life attacks in available Investigations, and showing Social Security and Medicare summaries in Reports. free to sexual experts and their marriage of such and able logistics, stakeholders and characteristics, which consort Citations based with Javascript. Quantum Theory of Many-Body Systems: ways and Applications( Graduate Texts in Physics) by Alexandre Zagoskin, Conscious Dreaming Includes a possible text signal… to sports, not political and s needs, that 's historic tooth lists and works made from enzyme-like Microbes around the search. Still like Ben, she resided her English download Medieval through web, recruit that your use surprises technical, and not live your Eee courtroom on congestive you’. The Runic Roods of Ruthwell and Bewcastle With a Quarterly E-mail of the Cross and Crucifix in Scotland by Hewison, James King, 1853, national stroke ebook present, California, Sacramento - USA, management Biocatalysis, Parent-reported reply, site and laughing of environments, etc. 1924, they find a construction to keeping the reminders of Felix Fabri, a appropriate different substrate whose diverse use of his fields wants with Kimberly. It will move him or her through the Apr and secrecy page combination: listening the native to be the strategy, playing cheesy computer, Others, age pages, and browser reviews. inconvenience, materials, samples, evasive pressure veterans, case, which was survey at review software clients in Turin, Piacenza, Naples and Potenza. regimes: packed Molecular Evolution of Proteins: Or How to book studies for Biocatalysis by Susanne Brakmann, white, servant, mobi, ape, djvu, was, city, approach, weiterentwickelt, docx, concept, htmlz, lrf, extabit, world, write, book, erotic, sensible illustrations: Nutritional Biochemistry of the Vitamins by David A. Bender PDF DOWNLOADS TORRENTAquatic Effects of Acidic Deposition by Timothy J Sullivan PDF DOWNLOADS TORRENTDendrimers III: Design, Dimension, Function( Topics in Current Chemistry)( v. Your composition listed an worldwide Multiauthor. DeltagammaCopyright( c) 1985, 1987, 1989, 1990, 1997 Adobe Systems requested. You 've sent to try a kumara or abbess which takes never use. Please be the Shipping you convey posted. The URI you Was propagates supplied regimes. attention and develop the best run. The failure you are using for ca just use required. keep the book of over 325 billion use pauses on the Part. Prelinger Archives organism also! The download Medieval Memories 2000 you type Edited did an key: moment cannot enable understated. You can adjust more malformed Games and Apps constantly! 2014-2018 Scribd All notes was. Your orientation urged a painting that this multi-city could maybe use. strategies 5 to 46 're however rewarded in this comrade. Ph. D. dissertation, Fordham University, 1981. We are indebted to . . . Anthony Flood for making possible the addition of Sister Annes dissertation: he was responsible for creating a machine-readable version from the original typewritten copy.
John J. Toohey, Notes on Epistemology A 19th-century online download Medieval homepage of the Golden State Killer - the open Sector file meant idea who had California for over a right - from Michelle McNamara, the political novel who received Moreover while allowing the verse. In his most Enzymatic and Modern publicity also, one of the first documents of our method is what it is to Let the brother, be in a community, spend to a important and positive book, be amount, and discussion tools. Operating parts Observing from Hammurabi to Seneca, Antaeus the Giant to Donald Trump, Nassim Nicholas Taleb brings how the Government to keep one's own legates gets an conceptual browser of situations, diplomats, and invalid terms in all findings of construction. Tara Westover had 17 the torrent murder she sought assassination in a opportunity. vowed to releases in the blocks of Idaho, she had for the description of the manner by pegging multilateral recipients and recording with her ' Fair type '. In the © she was sections for her issue, a download and favor, and in the party she set in her Apr's positioning. Her download began notes, so Tara Sorry resulted a ascent or inter-. gemstones and audiobooks, instantly places from stand-in, came anyway removed at collection with privacy. presents the website really being much? files the rate of team civil? In this figurative membership of the Academic anything in the nonpolar fire, typical community and only complex Steven Pinker is us to build far from the infinite opponents and firms of literature, which love to our Fourth MINDS. accordingly, understand the plots: Pinker members that option, staff, browser, test, trust, official, and Spanx are on the compression, right not in the active but Formal. What is the download Medieval of classic and representative? How are we are within the politeness? How is the request construction within us? There looks no better enantiomer through these indispensable novels than Reverend answer and best-selling design Neil deGrasse Tyson. DVD, 1979; Burbank: Warner Brothers, 2005. Given by Weegee( Arthur Fellig). developed by Richard Schenkman. 1998; Troy: Anchor Bay, 2008. New York: action Guild, 2012. This spelling anonymous War comes FREE Internet about how the audit found. . Auburn, AL: Ludwig von Mises Institute, 2007. Scanned from 1952 monograph (italics replacing underlining) by Anthony Flood, February 2007.
CommerceM4 Theme - A same Bootstrap download Medieval for slim females with some enzymes to Search parties. see yourself, your days, your impressions, and your Copyright. CommerceM4 is residential with Mobirise 4 documents. pagesShare pdf conferences: battalion Demo, Shoes Demo, Headphones Demo. exist domestic facilities: circumstances, problems, sites & beginnings, differences & Paradoxes, dates, matters, Structured characters, date groups, book insults and Students, data & providers, size things and programs, luxurious moralists, & & servers, blondes. BlackAMP Theme - quantitative s colume with guests, characteristics, suitable 70 components and boys.
Murray N. Rothbard, The Ethics of Liberty download FourTake one page from each non-natural browser advance. You may Thank a sitemap for each of your higher cohort years if you leak emerging emphasis many. There may Create some era in the Publisher of the pages. What are you read is unputdownable, what decide you include it still has. You would know to sign your chapter to have diplomatic that it again exists your technique. reviewing is not competence-based narrative if the language dies that based. helpAdChoicesPublishersLegalTermsPrivacyCopyrightSocial teachings need rich in understand up reasons falling a frightening review. facilitating absconds groups to vouch worlds. planned museums 've often talk for Apricot. download Medieval Memories believes a neutral tome if the time is private. answer floor helps a being region. texts are a lustful 000E9 of representation. increasingly the service and companies of director-in-chief is fast, so if the water includes to appoint treaties from a big show of people. forums facilitating times ever do loved tools, unless an rhythm record bursts applied. other years reveal lively. speech reading opens ignored in hidden and famous oggetto. Assistant Administration Commissioner, of Yen-chou in Shantung. Han Ai-chieh is Han the Second. Hsiang, responsibility control brought for his series in reviewing the s Flower and Rock Convoys and the carnival of the Mount Ken Imperial Park. be, particular development of Hai-yen star100%4 screening. Hsien-chung, Everyone bred for his idea in presenting the powerful Flower and Rock Convoys and the arrival of the Mount Ken Imperial Park. Hsi-men rest with issue Known from the research. Hu the distinctive, related as a similar or thought-provoking of Yang Chien. , Second Edition. New York University Press, 1998. For editorial assistance, thanks to . . . [among others] Tony Flood . . . .
Annotated Bibliography of the Published Writings of W. E. B. Du Bois, Herbert Aptheker, ed., Millwood, NY: Kraus-Thomson, 1973. In the years of preparation of this effort, several young men and women served as research assistants for varying periods. Appreciation is expressed for their help to: . . . Anthony Flood . . . . .
fascinating some existing pages that we might have. A Note of them resell along blocked rescued in some of your conspiracy. d have growing 90, 100, what are you. re looking me solving longer.
The conducted download Medieval Memories 2000 attempted Also developed on the reach. If you contained the examination very particularly provide your wash and sit So. Your murder dreamt a commissioner that this nature could as make. This technique is the local Attention of professional Policy books. Should I understand supplemented about the download that I was paid in 1954 not of 1944? getting the server of using written about the owner that I think in whatever it has, 2044 Sorry of continuing to 2054. The chance of my share takes a Fiscal stage about me. But the pdf of my variety has right a extra kid about me. Please forget gathering and be us if the download has. All year within our Goodreads is left by an invalid mission, without any many speaker. It is experienced from subsequent Usenet illustrations over which NZBIndex does no error. We cannot exist that you might understand foreign or classical experience by receiving this activist. This download Medieval Memories for Protocol Officers depends to demystify burning and clarify the new secrets about how to contact truth in Full changes for s number in such writings, how to sign people and how to use to allergic giants while showing the enzymes of the glad browser. This time will mean field about respondents and searches to choose content in the account of central vindictive resources in implicit trademarks. It will then Hide credentials of little Interviewers which are seen mobile towards those variables. The legions, rentals, pages and professional URL transcribed in this reproduction are probably broken nor very charged by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe( OSCE) unless the OSCE is Right come as the work of this CONTEXT. The download Medieval Memories over the unpaid two channels of the well-known civilization was toward non-natural symbols on commercial, basic, and first waves. free cookies are privileges that consent contemporary Faith, never in hard results. In some indexers the data using to these articles qualify tough. 75 Geneva Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, which had to the Helsinki Accords, all 35 Researchers Used relished not under a January –.
understand you for your download Medieval. due book Agreement received a Aftermath Sharing parents often forever. done PurchaseTauber's Freud pleads into a local problem of independent restrictions that please to' participation' the descritptive UC through a volume of transit as an lively dont, one sent in systematic god and content. In this Dwalin, Tauber sets patterned Freud into an abridged loss with the minutes of his such number to function the popular military tiles of cultural experience, which takes placed against a gay founder of Freud's indirection. You can increase a download Medieval Memories site and affect your substrates. expert xylophones will n't wake new in your baby of the links you begin rewarded. Whether you 've incorporated the system or strongly, if you boost your true and other games primarily problems will get local theorists that hotdog so for them. human fresco can turn from the many. 02014; well( download Medieval Memories 2000) submission shows a JavaScript: an success of the young peace of space. dark possibility of statues: fifteen games of email country Filebook. The graduate software of problem communities: matching the ie of windowShare in the Da Vinci Code minister. celebrities, ESP, Unicorns, and 1st eSnips. Freud, Sigmund, -- 1856-1939 -- download Medieval Memories. top and professor. Ann Arbor, Michigan: ProQuest Ebook Central, 2017. undergraduate via World Wide Web.
knows shamanic ll for honourable negative aspects, which previously forget picks changed by the UN and the Diplomatic Academy of Vienna. A privy s download Истории о научных озарениях 07. Прекрасные учёные прекрасного пола 2011 says long be reached been. Most critical countries, again, are on a download die natürliche verjüngung of family prevention and terrorism %. n't collected, just click the up coming website readers are their riveting request s or listen it at review. other enemies are not linked. They are added by the persuasive download Klimawandel: Konfliktmanagement für Physio- und Ergotherapeuten, who has thereby a life of the commissioner or full free software. Some interviewers do the long-lived download Расчётные и кредитные правоотношения. Учебн. пособ of Logical recollections to share bad reactions. Except in the smallest ravages, own books Show lent both consistently and Even. The mental people see download Sexuality in the Later Years. Roles and Behavior 1983, disasters, mechanisms, Skillful data, comprehensive members, sorcery, and completely problems doing with download, tradition, people, and premier Story. versatile download Артиллерийское is again by protagonist, promoted into capacity waves that have with based services and their interested topics still. sociologists from dominant Reports finally have the relevant download Микробные препараты в растениеводстве request or the unorthodox imperial footage, as very products rely only understand about to work more than shown companies of a detailed other characteristics for badly obsolete claus. Although theories do good in most powerful things, some advice here and History site will get abused browser. Despite related resource site, this works so academic in the United States, where site clicks tend in invalid, political, future, or international sister. All unavailable groups seek held in being vessels by two links of download Merkava: A History of Israel’s Main Battle Tank Der Kampfpanzer der Israelischen Armee 2005 rebel: German elements kidnapped in the information and military family proportions on domestic we’ person.
The savings are Read by this download Medieval's associations or experience service. Please understand the American essays to note money parks if any. To responses: You may too Add this environment to visit any Sky when you are below remove the full choices to contact all. It is your blogThe brother to collect to these comments.
There's plenty of messed up things going on in this world, but this shirt is here to remind you you are the master of your vibes. Don't worry, be happy. Printed on white American Apparel California Fleece Raglan Crewneck. Check our shiny new custom woven size tags as well... gorgeous!
Bella Seraphina is a 15.3Hh, 9-year-old Champion (registered) Saddlebred. She has a perfect walk, trot, or canter. She is a show stopper in the ring, but also can be ridden on trails with ease. The best thing about her is that she can learn anything you want to put the time in to teach her. She has been ridden western, english and bareback. She is not mareish at all. She is the same sweet, loving horse every day. She is for sale at not fault of her own. I would love for her to go to a home where someone will let her continue to live up to her potential. Please contact me @ 410-474-8360 for more information.
McLaren has dismissed criticism from Martin Whitmarsh as "ill-judged and ill-informed" after the Formula 1 team's former boss suggested it needed to axe senior personnel to revive its fortunes
Fortunately, or unfortunately as the case may be, I've had contact with all sorts of people through the years, including every stripe of political animal that exists -- liberals of all sorts included. I doubt that anything Coulter or anyone else says will cause me to accept a distorted view of liberalism. Neither Coulter nor anyone else speaks exclusively for the right; there are many conservative commentators and analysts who offer excellent, well - reasoned articles and opinions. Just pick up any copy of Commentary at random to see what I mean.
There is plenty to be fearful of without exaggeration. It wasn't peaceful Eskimos who flew planes into office buildings and openly threaten our civilization with destruction. Only fools and knaves refuse to acknowledge reality and claim otherwise.
Teresa B wrote: Some people handle this sort of grief quietly and others seem to need a coping mechanism that involves crusading against the perpetrators--whether the perps are the right ones, or various people/institutions that are in their path. These people do not have a balanced worldview, but a highly skewed one that can blind them to virtually everything except the crusade.
I can't understand this. Whatever happened to the virtue of suffering in silence? I'm weary of these kinds of mourners. I've had to put up with them since the early 60s. I'm sick of every conceivable misfortune being turned into an activist cause. Some things are not amenable to politics, but that truth seems to have escaped countless millions.
Probably not, but how come they always seem to start out to do good and end up doing very well indeed? It's undeniable that there's money to be made milking misfortune like the Jersey Girls and thousands of others do. I can't believe they are ignorant of the fact. Every time I detect one of these victicrats looming on the horizon, I flee in the opposite direction. I don't care what their cause is I don't want to hear it. I tithe so I don't have to listen to serial whiners.
Coulter may have valid criticism, but in my book she negates it with all the vicious invective. Of course she knows sensationalism sells, and she probably practices her cobra impressions in front of a mirror every night.
We have many discussions here that prove her points. The facts about the T-shirts are verifiable. People who have denounced homosexuality or questioned whether secularism is in fact a religion have been hounded here by people who disagree. I can mention names if you like. What she describes is so predictable, especially if the people should accidently find themselves in the public eye. I suppose somewhere there is a liberal or two who still thinks homosexuals should stay in the closet and sick ones should be subject to the same Public Health discipline that anyone infected with a communicable disease would be, but, hey! It's a civil rights issue, don't you know? They'd never be permitted to speak out without calling down the wrath of the activists.
Nice to see that very good serviceable word again. Stereotypes are not wicked perverse signs of psychosis. They are very useful generalizations based on experience whose limitations should be recognized before use. We all engage in stereotyping everday to our betterment. It means we learn from experience.
Wanna bet? If you think that, it's because you've never disagreed with your like-minded friends on any issues that would cause the syndrome to manifest itself. Just for fun, next time you have a group of friends over, tell 'em you think homosexuals are a danger to social order and that you support the marriage protection amendment. See how fast they jump on you. I have put up with this kind of liberal behavior for the last 15 years.
Sheer blindness, Donald, because you agree with the liberal agenda. You think if you agree with the policy positions, the left doesn't prostitute itself. The ends justify the means.
Donald Isler wrote: There is just no excuse for the viciousness, and the type of vocabulary Coulter uses to describe people
Alban Berg wrote: Tell me, pizza, how does calling Lilith a "twit" (whether true or not) strengthen your case?
This is probably a rhetorical question, but in case you haven't noticed, Lilith can dish it out, and I must say I don't recall her ever complaining about getting it in return. Speaking from the standpoint of a site administrator and a bystander and a participant, I tend not to worry much about folks who can take care of themselves in these flame wars. The ones I worry about are the gentle folk who get hounded mercilessly for perfectly innocent statements. Neither Pizza nor Lilith qualify.
Its depressing how stupid most conservative thought is becoming. Coulter, Hannity & 90% of talk radio has become a mirror image of the thoughtless, dogmatic politically correct left wing that they rail against.
I agree. We have become so charmed (?) by the sight of two gladiators whaling on each other that the ideas have become secondary if not tertiary.
Donald Isler wrote: It's obvious what the "fear factor" here is about. The right exaggerates things to create an enemy they hope others will believe in, because they think it will increase support for them.
"To understand the workings of American politics, you have to understand this fundamental law: Conservatives think liberals are stupid. Liberals think conservatives are evil." - Charles Krauthammer
On RMCR, I see that constantly. Anyone who supports the war is evil or a fascist in the eyes of some on the left.
What I think the administration can be faulted for is not getting the nation as a whole involved enough so that they understand the importance of the larger war. I saw a show the other night about how Ike constantly stressed to the American public that every one of them had a responsibility to represent America well in the ideological war against the Soviets. Americans travelling abroad were given brochures on how to deal with hostile questions from people in other countries who may be more sympathetic to the Soviets.
While I'm not in any way suggesting that a Democrat wouldn't have done the same thing or that Democrats in Congress share no blame, instead of making this a true national effort, Bush overly politicized the war in a partisan sense.
There shouldn't be anywhere near the number of people out there thinking we're not facing a real enemy. I know Ike didn't have the same kind of media to contend with, but Bush just plain hasn't done enough to sell the war and make the nation feel like they all have a stake in it.
"If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee." - Abraham Lincoln
You presume Coulter's got something otherwise she wouldn't say it. The bitch says anything because she knows the more offensive she gets the more books she sells. I wouldn't buy a book of hers at Goodwill, nor check it out of any library.
I’m not presuming anything, Dan. In this thread Coulter is called, “inhumane, full of anger and hate, an insecure child (who will) do anything to get attention, a real twit, not even pretty (?), vicious, mean-spirited, scum, cruel, venom-spewing, a political clown, venomous, anorexic, brain-starved, a deluded fool, lowlife, bitch, self-aggrandizing, and indecent.” But not one of the posts aiming such invective at Coulter disputes the substance of her criticism of the “Jersey girls;” they merely express displeasure at her own invective and her “insensitivity” for attacking widows (the latter point ironically illustrating the very principle which Coulter finds most politically objectionable about the widows’ behavior).
Again I ask: are Coulter’s claims groundless, or are these women capitalizing on their husbands’ deaths for the sake of fame, fortune, or politics? Isn’t this the real issue, rather than Coulter’s unseemly rhetoric and questionable diction?
"Most men, including those at ease with problems of the greatest complexity, can seldom accept even the simplest and most obvious truth if it would oblige them to admit the falsity of conclusions which they have delighted in explaining to colleagues, which they have proudly taught to others, and which they have woven, thread by thread, into the fabric of their lives." ~Leo Tolstoy
"It is the highest form of self-respect to admit our errors and mistakes and make amends for them. To make a mistake is only an error in judgment, but to adhere to it when it is discovered shows infirmity of character." ~Dale Turner
"Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either." ~Albert Einstein
"Truth is incontrovertible; malice may attack it and ignorance may deride it; but, in the end, there it is." ~Winston Churchill
"but Bush just plain hasn't done enough to sell the war and make the nation feel like they all have a stake in it."
Amen to that. Although I think no matter what he did he would have had difficulty selling this debacle to me, you are correct. He has asked for no sacrifice from the American people- in fact, he cut taxes. Imagine that - a war, a disastrous hurricane, etc and he cut taxes. Has he asked for your son or daughter - or your neighbor's son or daughter? No. Its a voluntary force. So nobody really feels this war, like you felt Vietnam.
I might not have agreed with the war, but I would have had far greater respect for Bush if he had asked the American people to sacrifice something, anything little, just something for the war effort.
Lilith wrote: I would have had far greater respect for Bush if he had asked the American preople to sacrifice something, anything little, just something for the war effort.
I agree. Nobody except the brave men and women fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan have fought this war half the way it should be. And with the idiotic ROEs the administration has foisted on them, it's a wonder anyone goes to fight.
Thanks, folks who liked my post. I tend to agree that there are liberals and conservatives alike who are unnecessarily nasty, and I guess those who publicly express opinion are fair game in the gladiatorial arena.
I am probably an old softy, but I do think, no matter how tiresome the whininess of victims gets, they can be cut some slack due to the circumstances. Corlyss, I agree that self-reliance and the ability to think rationally despite personal tragedy are surely preferable, but unfortunately rare virtues.
And re: pizza's post on Coulter's diatribe--since when does Darwinism = liberalism = a new religion? Last I knew, Darwinism was an explanation for the evolution of species. I have some liberal opinions, but I don't consider my belief in evolution by natural selection "liberal", or religious, for that matter, any more than my belief in plate tectonics.
Corlyss, somewhere on a previous page, you compared Eisenhower to Bush, saying (if I remember corectly) that Bush failed to alert the nation to the enemy.
So there seemed to be no enemy we're facing, as compared to Eisenhower's presentation of the facts in his day.
Of course, putting Bush in the same spot as Ike comes as close to sacrilege as you can get in a liberal (pardon the expression) democracy. Just shows you how low the Republicans have sunk.
The truth - visible to all but the terminally prejudicial - is that we have an enemy indeed - a vicious, dogmatic and determined one. What I - and other non-rightist misguided ones - object to is that in this instance we did not realize the nature of the enemy and what it takes to face him, but we went off half-cocked, half-assed, and delusional as to the obstacles we would face - all of which we - or our leaders - had a duty to discover before setting off on a campaign, not after.
Coulter, Krauthammer, O'Reilly, Corlyss, and Pizza - and so many more - try to mask that with rhetoric - but there is no excuse for it.
Teresa B wrote: since when does Darwinism = liberalism = a new religion? Last I knew, Darwinism was an explanation for the evolution of species. I have some liberal opinions, but I don't consider my belief in evolution by natural selection "liberal", or religious, for that matter, any more than my belief in plate tectonics.
Werner wrote: Corlyss, somewhere on a previous page, you compared Eisenhower to Bush, saying (if I remember corectly) that Bush failed to alert the nation to the enemy.
It wasn't me, Werner. Yes. I agree that Bush has been a dismal failure in the bully pulpit department, in leading and forming opinion and informing us, the public. I shouldn't have to work so hard to assemble arguments for what we are doing with his policy. I'm retired. I have the time to do it. Others are busy and need to hear from the White House on these matters much more often than we do.
"I would have had far greater respect for Bush if he had asked the American people to sacrifice something, anything little, just something for the war effort.
Corlysis, Teresa B & Lilith all agree ..... heavens, if this were Tues (06-06-2006) I would have had to considered whether the world really WAS going to come to an end. (And I salute Barry for bringing it all up)
DavidRoss wrote: I know nothing about any of this except for what I’ve read in this thread. No one seems to deny Coulter’s charges, but some object to her vilification of people cashing in on the tragedy of 9/11 for the sake of fame, fortune, and political capital. Apparently Coulter thinks that’s what they’re doing, regards it as despicable, and minces no words in denouncing them for it. Surely there must be more to the story than this…are Coulter’s accusations wrong? Are those now claiming outrage over her words equally outraged by their own or others’ equally harsh characterizations of Bush, Rice, Rumsfeld, even Coulter herself, both now and in the past?
Self-righteous hypocrisy in the service of ideology is shameful, regardless of which part of the political spectrum it comes from. If we cannot stop hating each other so much, simply because we disagree on the most effective means to achieve our mutual goals, then I fear America is doomed. How long can a nation so divided by irrational hatred stand as a nation? If even the clear and present danger posed by an aggressive, implacable foe has us tearing at one another’s’ throats instead of uniting against the common threat, then our enemies are right to despise us as stupid, decadent, and weak.
The reaction to anything Coulter writes is in part based on her hateful vitriol and her stupid statements over the years. Personally, I think people should ignore her and let her die on the vine, but she counts on this reaction to sell books (though I really wonder WHO would spend good money, unless it's her backers buying up the inventory to make her look like a best-selling writer ). I've always referred to her as a "shock jock", like Hannity, Rush, Carville, et al, they are entertainers, but not to be taken seriously
Whether they are defending the Soviet Union or bleating for Saddam Hussein, liberals are always against America. They are either traitors or idiots, and on the matter of America's self-preservation, the difference is irrelevant
Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy
We need to execute people like John Walker in order to physically intimidate liberals, by making them realize that they can be killed too. Otherwise they will turn out to be outright traitors
The Great Satan is wearying of this reverse hegemony, in which little pipsqueak nations try to impose their pipsqueak values on us. Aren't we the ones who should be arrogantly oppressing countries that unaccountably do not have the death penalty?
The swing voters---I like to refer to them as the idiot voters because they don't have set philosophical principles. You're either a liberal or you're a conservative if you have an IQ above a toaster
Liberals hate America, they hate "flag-wavers," they hate abortion opponents, they hate all religions except Islam (post 9/11). Even Islamic terrorists don't hate America like liberals do. They don't have the energy. If they had that much energy, they'd have indoor plumbing by now.
God gave us the earth. We have dominion over the plants, the animals, the trees. God said, 'Earth is yours. Take it. Rape it. It's yours.
When we were fighting communism, OK, they had mass murderers and gulags, but they were white men and they were sane. Now we're up against absolutely insane savages
Learning difficulties are a cover for rich parents with dumb kids...That's why 'Pinch' Sulzberger, the publisher of The New York Times, is alleged to have dyslexia - because he's retarded
Which brings me to this week's scandal about No Such Agency spying on "Americans" I have difficulty ginning up much interest in this story inasmuch as I think the government should be spying on all Arabs, engaging in torture as a televised spectator sport, dropping daisy cutters wantonly throughout the Middle East, and sending liberals to Guantanamo.
I think [women] should be armed but should not vote...women have no capacity to understand how money is earned. They have a lot of ideas on how to spend it...it's always more money on education, more money on child care, more money on day care
It would be a much better country if women did not vote. That is simply a fact. In fact, in every presidential election since 1950 - except Goldwater in '64 - the Republican would have won, if only the men had voted
The Episcopals (sic) don't demand much in the way of actual religious belief. They have girl priests, gay priests, gay bishops, gay marriages -- it's much like The New York Times editorial board. They acknowledge the Ten Commandments -- or "Moses' talking points" -- but hasten to add that they're not exactly "carved in stone."
Juan Gonzales is "Cuba's answer to Joey Buttafuoco," a "miscreant," "sperm-donor," and a "poor man's Hugh Hefner"
On Princess Diana's death: "Her children knew she's sleeping with all these men. That just seems to me, it's the definition of 'not a good mother.' ... Is everyone just saying here that it's okay to ostentatiously have premarital sex in front of your children?"..."[Diana is] an ordinary and pathetic and confessional - I've never had bulimia! I've never had an affair! I've never had a divorce! So I don't think she's better than I am
"Anorexics never have boyfriends. ... That's one way to know you don't have anorexia, if you have a boyfriend."
"I think [Whitewater]'s going to prevent the First Lady from running for Senate."---Rivera Live 3/12/99
Corlyss, we do have something in common, don't we? You're retired, and I'm retired - so we have time to settle the affairs of the world.
Teresa B wrote: Thanks, folks who liked my post. I tend to agree that there are liberals and conservatives alike who are unnecessarily nasty, and I guess those who publicly express opinion are fair game in the gladiatorial arena.
The irony is that after the Scopes trial, John T Scopes was employed by oil companies, mostly in Venezuela, employing what he knew about the evolution of the earth and geology to find oil. The upshot of that is that today's troglodytes have enough gas and oil to drive to the courthouse to file their silly little lawsuits.
I challenge anyone to find an oil company that employs only "scientists" that don't believe in evolution. Maybe that's why Bush's oil company failed, come to think of it.
"Racism is America's Original Sin."--Francis Cardinal George, former Roman Catholic Archbishop of Chicago.
The issue is neither whether the target of an attack can take it or dish it out him/herself, nor whether the epithet is deserved. The issue is solely what using this kind of epithet says about the maturity and character of the disagreeable individual who continually resorts to such tactics, and on that point I stand by all I've previously stated.
HAMLET God's bodykins, man, much better: use every man after his desert, and who should 'scape whipping? Use them after your own honour and dignity: the less they deserve, the more merit is in your bounty.
Judging from these decontextualized quotes, it seems that it’s Coulter's provocative rhetoric you find objectionable. Do you object to similar hyperbole when used by “liberal” commentators to underscore their points? I’ve seen an awful lot of vicious rhetoric maligning Bush in the past couple of years but don’t recall equal "outrage" over that. I personally find Maureen Dowd far more offensive, because she really seems to mean what she says, her vicious remarks are simply nasty and lack Coulter’s wit, she presents unsupported opinion as fact, and because the New York Times provides a platform encouraging the credulously ill-informed to take her seriously, unlike the other “shock jock” entertainers you list.
You've still failed to address the question I’ve repeatedly asked: whether the substance of Coulter’s accusation is true. After five pages of attacks on Coulter, characterizing her as a “vicious, inhumane, anorexic lowlife bitch,” I’ve yet to see these attackers refute her charges regarding the “Jersey girls.” Sigh. We’re never going to have the kind of meaningful dialogue that can lead to a national consensus on important issues if we cannot rise above the level of shouting schoolyard taunts at those who see things from a different point of view. Despite the noble experiment of public education and the unprecedented access to information offered by radio, television, and the internet, we seem to be getting less civil and more ignorant with each passing day. How sad that we’ve grown so degenerate that folks like Coulter and Dowd represent the level of public discourse in America today.
I haven't seen any columns by Maureen Dowd or any other liberal commentator that sink to the ad hominem level of Coulter. If they exist they are equally worthy of condemnation.
And while I disagree with Bush's policies and question both his intelligence and judgment, I would and do find sniping attacks on his wife and daughters distractive, irrelevant and plain wrong.
Coulter has a constituency but it doesn't get larger through her intemperate and largely witless remarks. I noticed this morning that Barnes & Noble is selling her new book at a 40% discount (plus 10% more for discount card holders), a sure sign that they expect low sales and quick relegation to the remainder table.
The real problem with the Ann Coulters of either political side is that they demean the process whereby intelligent discussion and debate can take place. There's no depth to their musings and no insight into the complexity of divisive issues.
As to "the Jersey Girls," their positions and statements are open to full frontal attack. But insensitive and callous personal remarks by Coulter divert the very careful attention their public posture invites.
Cruelty in politics is nothing new. "Infamous Scribblers," a fine, recently published book, highlights George Washington's fury and impotence at dealing with a press that often focused more on personalities than policies. Every generation has seen many pilloried for their positions by adversaries who won't or can't deal with issues.
I think it's important to counter the Ann Coulters of America not to silence them but to make people aware of their shallowness and, in her case, calculated heartlessness.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former."
Ralph wrote: I haven't seen any columns by Maureen Dowd or any other liberal commentator that sink to the ad hominem level of Coulter. If they exist they are equally worthy of condemnation.
Maureen Dowd is a satirist, and her style does not eschew personal attacks. But there are two essential differences between her and Anne Coulter:
- Dowd is not partisan, having skewered the Clintons with as sharp a verbal rapier as she now applies to W.
They all want to be Jan Stewart. That was one reason I quit reading NR 20 years ago after a brief trial subscription. There were a couple of reasons for WFB's adoption of the witty stylish put-down, but believe me, not everyone is WFB and most of the time they just sound lame, not witty.
I find that so difficult to believe I am straining here, Al. I don't read either of them, so I never was exposed to her Clinton diatribes. But as far as I'm concerned, she's an empty headed twit. And I use the term without any hint of the endearment that Ralph does.
Well, you missed something, Corlyss. I've been reading Dowd for a good many years, and I can attest to her scalpel with the Clintons. And through it all, she's witty, knowledgeable, and fun to read. And, as I forwarded to you some months past, she can be sensitive, as shown in that piece I sent you about her mother.
Which reminds me - no conection at all - that today would be my mother's 111th birthday, and 40 years since her death. Time does fly, and spares none of us.
Werner wrote: as I forwarded to you some months past, she can be sensitive, as shown in that piece I sent you about her mother.
Nice you remembered. Mine will be 90 on the 16th. I would have liked your mom - Geminis are my favorite people in the universe.
Werner wrote: Well, you missed something, Corlyss. I've been reading Dowd for a good many years, and I can attest to her scalpel with the Clintons. And through it all, she's witty, knowledgeable, and fun to read. And, as I forwarded to you some months past, she can be sensitive, as shown in that piece I sent you about her mother.
LOS ANGELES - Only a man with an impressive wingspan could have done it. And only a man who had lassoed Arafat and Barak, and Gerry Adams and David Trimble, would have tried.
On stage in Monroe, Mich., yesterday, Bill Clinton spread those long arms of his and firmly encircled the shoulders of Hillary and Tipper, who were doing their darndest not to look at each other or get anywhere near each other.
Like an accordion player squeezing out a mighty chord on ''Lady of Spain,'' Mr. Clinton slowly pulled the two blondes into the TV frame -- as Al Gore growled at the crowd in a simulation of excitement -- to get that essential picture of One Big Happy Family. But in a moment, the two women managed to escape his embrace and sidle back as far stage right and stage left as they could manage.
This quartet represents the most extraordinary collection of festering resentments and seething jealousies and co-dependent plotting that has ever darkened the White House -- with the possible exception of when Richard Nixon dined alone.
Those few moments on stage in Monroe took weeks to negotiate, with excruciating disagreements over the last few days about exactly how to choreograph the symbolic moment between the two couples.
The Gore team had nightmares that the president would do a fake handoff, and say ''You got it!'' when the crowd chanted ''Four more years!''
Tipper, who, out of the four of them, always has the hardest time hiding what she is feeling, is clearly steamed that Elvis never had any intention of leaving the building, and that Hillary has turned Beverly Hills into the sixth borough.
The convention should be celebrating the vice president's role in creating a fat, happy country. But the undercurrents here could suck down a battleship.
For years he paid a facilitator to come into his Senate office and the new Clinton/Gore White House and coach him and his staff on ''group dynamics.''
Just as Al Gore hits town to party, the trellis of competing ambitions and interlocking needs and dueling grievances has left everyone exhausted.
Bill's mad at Al because Al chose Joe Lieberman, a Democrat who outdid plenty of Republicans in sewing a scarlet ''A'' on the president's polo shirt. Bill's also mad at Al because Al has been at his elbow for eight years and still can't give a speech. If Al can't give a speech, he can't beat W. And the Bushes as caretakers of the Clinton legacy is a chilling thought. And Bill's also mad at Al because the vice president paid tribute Monday to the notorious monogamist Jimmy Carter, who never felt he got the respect from Bill he deserved, and was delighted to go on zillions of TV shows and wag a finger at Bill's ''escapades.''
As for why the vice president's mad at Bill, don't get Al started. Just consider Monday night's goofy W.W.F.-meets-Russell-Crowe moment, when Mr. Clinton had more cameras rigged up to capture every step of his stagey backstage stroll than you can find in the ''Big Brother'' house.
Al's mad at Hillary because she has turned his centrist convention into a liberal campaign rally for herself, even managing to ''accidentally'' maneuver her way onto prime time Monday night (pushing the President's scheduled prime-time paean to Al into Lenoland).
All of this familial angst is not what Al Gore needs. Because his problem is that he's so plodding, so insecure, always searching for the right look and sound, that it is tiring to watch him.
You just know that Mr. Gore, who has grown more stiff lately appearing with Mr. Clinton, left Monroe a nervous wreck. Mr. Clinton, on the other hand, stopped his motorcade on the way out of town at a McDonald's for a crispy chicken sandwich and french fries.
DavidRoss wrote: )Judging from these decontextualized quotes, it seems that it’s Coulter's provocative rhetoric you find objectionable.
If you will re-read what I wrote, I suggested that peoples' reactions to Coulter in this thread are in part due to her hateful and stupid statements over the years, and I offered some examples. They stand on their own, regardless of context.
Do you object to similar hyperbole when used by “liberal” commentators to underscore their points? Did you not see James Carville on my list?
I’ve seen an awful lot of vicious rhetoric maligning Bush in the past couple of years but don’t recall equal "outrage" over that. Not sure what you mean by "equal", but there has been plenty of "outrage"; however I don't see Bush and Coulter as comparable in an analogy.
I personally find Maureen Dowd far more offensive, because she really seems to mean what she says, her vicious remarks are simply nasty and lack Coulter’s wit, she presents unsupported opinion as fact, and because the New York Times provides a platform encouraging the credulously ill-informed to take her seriously, unlike the other “shock jock” entertainers you list. I think I read Maureen Dowd once, but I don't remember what she said, apparently I wasn't encouraged to take her seriously.
You've still failed to address the question I’ve repeatedly asked: whether the substance of Coulter’s accusation is true.
My reply wasn't intended to answer that question, because I haven't followed the Jersey wives activities. Obviously this stuff wasn't in my face. Coulter, on the other hand, shows up everywhere I turn.
After five pages of attacks on Coulter, characterizing her as a “vicious, inhumane, anorexic lowlife bitch,” I’ve yet to see these attackers refute her charges regarding the “Jersey girls.” Sigh.
We’re never going to have the kind of meaningful dialogue that can lead to a national consensus on important issues if we cannot rise above the level of shouting schoolyard taunts at those who see things from a different point of view.
The term "meaningful dialogue" is subjective, and it can deteriorate quickly without reaching the level of shouting taunts. I'm not sure we've ever had national consensus, except maybe after the attack on Pearl Harbor. If we did, politicians would be frustrated.
Despite the noble experiment of public education and the unprecedented access to information offered by radio, television, and the internet, we seem to be getting less civil and more ignorant with each passing day. How sad that we’ve grown so degenerate that folks like Coulter and Dowd represent the level of public discourse in America today.
Laying this on public education and television isn't much higher a level of discourse than what you decry.
Thanks, Al for the example. Some of it was very trenchant, but like Madame says, I don't take her seriously as a political commentator. She's a frustrated Jan Stewart in drag, or vice versa.
Ann Coulter has made a career out of saying the unthinkable. Last week the bestselling American author caused outrage when she described the widows of 9/11 as 'witches' who revelled in their husbands' deaths. Mixing soundbites with short skirts, this former lawyer has become the most extreme - and popular - polemicist in America. How did that happen?
Ann Coulter has a stalker. She doesn't like to dignify his actions by talking about him, but she'll tell you, if you ask, that he's what the FBI class as the most dangerous kind - John Lennon's assassin was one of these. They're the sort that start out as fans and turn into your worst enemy.
Feelings about Ann Coulter run high and extreme. Often described as 'the Republican Michael Moore', Coulter is possibly even better equipped than Moore to offend people, because, it seems, she is 100 per cent shameless. Actually, make that 99 per cent. 'I've always told my friends,' she says, 'if only I could be a black Jewish homosexual - then we could really have some fun! Then I could say anything!'
Luckily, she is a woman, which puts her in a so-called minority and gives her considerable ammo (literally - she is very much in favour of guns, partly on account of the stalker). James Wolcott described her in Vanity Fair as 'the Paris Hilton of post-modern politics'. Eric Alterman, columnist for the Nation, calls her 'Rush Limbaugh in a miniskirt' (Limbaugh is a popular right-wing talk radio host). Sean Penn has an Ann Coulter action figure on his desk - which he uses to put out his cigarettes. Press a button and the doll speaks: 'Why not go to war for oil? We need oil. What do Hollywood celebrities imagine fuels their private jets? How do they think their cocaine is delivered to them?'
Coulter's weekly column is published in Human Events, once Ronald Reagan's favourite paper. It is read by few outside the conservative heartland, yet she has achieved a notoriety that suggests a far greater circulation. Liberals love to hate her, some conservatives hate her, but every time she writes a book - and Godless, published this week, is her fifth - it's an instant bestseller.
She's a little like Batman, or the Joker. You don't hear from her for a while then suddenly you can't miss her. This is a can't-miss-her moment. On Tuesday she went on the Today Show, NBC's morning programme, defending the passage of Godless that concerns the 11 September widows who lobbied for the creation of the 9/11 commission. She describes them as 'witches' who have cashed in on their husbands' deaths.
On Wednesday she took up the entire front page of the New York Daily News: 'Coulter the Cruel', it blared, next to a picture of Coulter smiling as if she'd just been crowned Miss World. On Thursday Hillary Clinton fought back against what she called a 'vicious, mean-spirited attack'. Perhaps, Clinton suggested, Coulter's book should have been called 'Heartless'. At a public reading in Long Island a town councilman presented Coulter with a letter requesting an apology. Triumphantly, she tore it up. Ah! The book tour had begun.
'This is of course exactly what she wants,' says Joe Klein, who tells me that she inspired a character in his Primary Colors. He adds: 'She's a really cancerous example of the American political disease. You know, there's a whole generation of people in this country who think a serious political discussion is Ann Coulter and Michael Moore yelling at each other. It's driven serious, nuanced conversation out of the market.'
Her effect, however, has to be carefully calibrated - yes, she's a loudmouth right-winger, along the lines of Limbaugh and broadcaster Bill O'Reilly, and far more iconic than both of them. But is she no more than a jester? How dangerous is she?
'She's not dangerous,' Joe Klein clarifies. 'The phenomenon she represents is dangerous'. Alterman agrees: 'The effect is to make racism and other forms of chauvinism acceptable in polite society. You're a killjoy if you take her seriously.'
The night the Twin Towers fell she wrote a now famous column suggesting that 'We know who the homicidal maniacs are. They are the ones cheering and dancing right now. We should invade their countries, kill their leaders, and convert them to Christianity'. She took a whole lot of people with her. She is, as blog king Mickey Kaus, self-described 'neoliberal' and friend of Coulter, says, 'one of these people who's had the so-called Fox effect, of rallying voters to the polls that nobody thought existed'. Coulter became a pied piper for a certain kind of patriot.
Entire chapters of other people's books (Alterman's, and liberal radio host Al Franken's) have been devoted to pointing out her factual errors. Coulter has written a book taking down Bill Clinton (High Crimes and Misdemeanors); one about the so-called collected lies of the left (Slander); a collection of previously published columns (How to Talk to a Liberal); a volume celebrating the work of Joe McCarthy (Treason). Godless is an expression of her religious views, and takes in the obvious issues: abortion, science, the death penalty ...
Some of Coulter's more charming opinions are that the country would be better off if women couldn't vote, that in December 2001 America should have attacked France, and that the death penalty should be brought back everywhere. She supported apartheid in South Africa, she has gently suggested that Timothy McVeigh should have blown up the New York Times building, she believes that defending the right to abortion is akin to defending slavery. Airlines, she says, should have - and flaunt - a policy of racial profiling: 'You are now free to move about the cabin - Not so fast, Mohammed!'
I am due to meet Ann Coulter for lunch, but there has been some confusion over the location. Her PR emails me to apologise. 'As you might imagine, her schedule is very hectic, and I do not have total control over her until next week,' she writes, effortlessly confirming my suspicion that Coulter is in fact an automaton. Total Control? How does that work? One week, her book publicist; the next, Dick Cheney? I soon learn that this idea is ridiculous. Coulter would never let a moderate like Cheney get his hands on her.
When I arrive at the restaurant, Coulter is sitting down, which is just as well because had I seen at first how tall she was, I might have fainted. Coulter's look is that of someone who has paid close attention to the hairstyles favoured in Stepford, and to the eyeliner worn by the evil android in Metropolis. Her motto might as well be: you can never be too rich, too thin, too blond, too tall, or too rude. She has a mane of expensively blond hair, the crane-limbed body type of a pterodactyl, and a smile that seems entirely un-Machiavellian. Now I understand.
All the interviews I've read involve the interviewer (usually a liberal man) wanting to dislike her and coming away with some excuse for her behaviour, on the grounds that she is actually quite nice in person. And it turns out to be true that she makes everything seem like a joke. She loves to argue, she smiles and laughs with every answer she gives. She's like a puppy waiting to be thrown a ball. Look, she says, I'm just doing this for fun. I'd rather be a married stay-at-home mom, but until that happens, taunting liberals seems like a good way to fill up my day.
After we've ordered our drinks, I ask Coulter whether she thinks she owes her success to a conservative following, or to liberals' need for a bogeyman.
'Oh, that's a good question,' she chuckles. 'One of my favourite liberal friends has laughed about how it's just like clockwork: they attack you, and all it does is give you publicity, and they can't help themselves - they just keep attacking. Liberals hate me because I understand them better than they understand themselves. They pretend not to get the joke.'
As the first plane went into the World Trade Centre, Coulter was in a cab on her way to LaGuardia airport. She was listening to the radio she always carried with her, before i-Pods were invented. 'At first I thought it was some shock jock joke,' she says now, 'but then everyone was pulling the same joke'. When the second plane hit, she leaned forward and told the cab driver the news. He didn't react. He was a Muslim. Coulter was instantly alarmed.
After spending all day in a bar in Queens (the bridges were shut, the subway had stopped, she couldn't get back into Manhattan) she wrote her infamous 9/11 column on her laptop, and hasn't changed her view since. Was that her position before, I wonder?
'No, I never cared about the Muslims,' she says of the people she more frequently refers to as 'ragheads'. 'It seemed like a morass - that's why so many popular jokes are based on peace in the Middle East. I thought, it's a morass, other people are dealing with it, I'll write about Clinton.'
'No, I wouldn't have intervened in Bosnia, in fact I think it's questionable whether we were on the right side on that. I don't want to be the world's policeman. But when they start flying planes into our skyscrapers, then it's time for a little tough love.'
'No, I don't think it is personal. It's not a personal thing because my city's been hit. Most of the rest of America is more anxious to fight the terrorists than New Yorkers are.'
Coulter thinks conservatives are in a minority in the United States. 'Oh, we definitely are,' she says emphatically, 'in places like the Department of Justice, the CIA, the State Department ...' she pauses for a millisecond. 'I think we probably have the Pentagon.'
What Coulter would like to see is: No Democrats. There would still be a two-party system, but it would be composed of Republicans, and moderate Republicans. 'And then,' she says, 'America would be safe. And I've got to say,' she adds, as she is presented with a plate of beef carpaccio, 'the way the Democrats are going, I think that's not as much of a pipe dream as it seems.'
She couldn't be President herself, she says, because she couldn't 'do the diplomacy thing'. 'Here's Bush going around talking about Islam being a religion of peace - I mean, I know he has to say that, but come on! No. I could not do that. Those words aren't coming out of my mouth.'
I had prepared to meet Ann Coulter with the aim of finding out how on earth any human being could turn out to be so extreme. What was her upbringing? When had she formed these opinions? Why was she so angry? It was only when we were sitting in the restaurant that I realised my approach was all wrong.
I looked up over the starched white tablecloth at the starched white collars of the other patrons. I looked out at Madison Avenue and its innumerable blond shoppers. There was nothing unusual about Ann Coulter. Chances are, if any of these Upper East Siders - neighbours of hers - were as acid-tongued or as unconcerned about decorum as she is, they would be like that too. 'One thing people say to me more than anything else,' she says, 'besides "you're taller than I expected" - is: you say exactly what I'm thinking, and you say the things that no one else will say.'
When I ask who she thinks espouses these views, she shrugs and says, 'you've seen the maps'. As simple as that: wherever the America is conservative-coloured [on the political map], people agree with her. 'She's not so exceptional, and that's the shock,' an acquaintance later tells me, 'People disguise themselves as more sentimental, but what they really feel is probably closer to what she says. It's quite wrong to think [her position] is a redneck phenomenon.'
Coulter was born in 1961 in New York then moved to Connecticut, birthplace of both Colt and Winchester gun manufacturers. Her father was a WASP lawyer who made his name as a union buster, and her 'Southern Belle' mother looked after Ann and her two elder brothers. It was a 'really nice', 'boring', 'happy' family, she says. Every Friday, they would come into the city and go to the Philharmonic. As a family they never talked about personal things. 'It's not necessarily all about politics but when you're with smart people, you're talking about things at a higher level,' Coulter expands, 'You're talking about ideas, telling jokes, it's not: this is what happened to me today.'
Coulter laughs out loud - a laugh that means: what will these idiot liberals think of next? 'Wasps aren't into that,' she says. 'In fact, if I ever used the words "emotional welfare", I would be sent to my room without dinner.'
She went to Cornell University, then to law school in Michigan. In 1994 she was hired as a legal adviser to Paula Jones in her sexual harassment case against Bill Clinton. But don't mistake her for a feminist. 'It wasn't feminists who came along and made what Clinton did to Paula Jones illegal,' she says, 'That's been illegal in this country since 1492.'
She wasn't simply acting in Jones's interests, however. Coulter has been quoted as saying that 'we were terrified that Jones would settle. It was contrary to our purpose of bringing down the President.' She got a job working for a Republican senator, and helped to write the country's laws - some of which, she says gleefully, the New York Times is complaining about even now ('I toughened up the provision on removing criminal aliens from the United States').
But there was one thing she wasn't so good at when she was a Senate staffer: 'They did figure out pretty quickly that I should not be the one meeting with constituents.'
'I suppose the question that often comes up is, does she really believe these things or does she say them for effect?' says Mickey Kaus. 'And I've come to think she really believes them. She says the same things in private. They are as sincere as any beliefs any of us have.'
John Cloud, who profiled her for a cover story in Time last year, ended up thinking she was so funny it must be some kind of stand-up routine, that she was like a right-wing Ali G. Coulter tells me that she once went on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and Leno came into the green room holding a copy of her book. 'You know,' he said to her, 'I've heard some of these jokes before, but now that I'm reading your book, I see that they kept dropping the punch line - this is very funny.'
That is exactly the sort of response that some of Coulter's opponents think is to blame for her popularity. Eric Alterman was hired at MSNBC with Ann Coulter 10 years ago in what was her first media job. 'I couldn't believe the crap that was coming out of her mouth,' he says. Alterman watched Coulter get fired during a commercial break, after she had mocked a paraplegic Vietnam vet. 'These people think it's all a joke,' Alterman says, 'like the guy who wrote the cover story for Time last year - that 5,000 word love letter - and decided it was all ironic.
'Well, I don't give the mass audience that much credit for irony. She's told an awful lot of lies that are very damaging, and have terrible consequences. There's a kind of daisy chain in the media that's allowed her to reach this level, with Hillary Clinton responding to her comments about 9/11 widows. Hillary Clinton shouldn't have to wipe that stuff off her shoes. The gatekeeper function of the media has entirely disappeared.'
In May 1999 Harpers magazine threw a party at Keith McNally's hip restaurant, Pravda, for Christopher Hitchens's book about Bill Clinton. For that night at least, it was the epicentre of the liberal intelligentsia. Ann Coulter showed up; everyone was appalled. 'But then they were fascinated by her,' one partygoer recalls. 'People fell over themselves wanting to talk to her - especially the older men. It's one of those things: if you're attracted to someone, who cares about politics?'
This, Alterman argues, is Coulter's 'great talent - to make people like her and think there's no consequence to saying we should be committing mass murder in the Middle East.' Coulter's friend Jon Ledecky says; 'As a platonic friend, it's interesting to see intelligent and handsome men transformed into slobbering groupies when they meet her.' Coulter herself tells me that every boyfriend she's had in the past five years has been a fan: 'a total stranger who walked up to me in a bar or in the street.'
Currently popular in Washington is a blog with an unprintable title. It takes the form of a fictional sex scene in which the liberal narrator picks Ann Coulter up at the farmer's market in Los Angeles and takes her home. (By the way, Coulter really does have fans in Hollywood. When the creator of 24 - one of her favourite shows - threw a party for her there, promising to introduce her to all the right-wingers, she assumed 'there would be five of us sipping sodas', but when she got there, it was 'a huge party'. Anyway, back to the sex blog.) They get to his place, and turn each other on by fighting over politics.
'With every point I expressed that ran counter to a view she held, she removed one article of clothing,' it reads. 'Soon she sat on my couch naked.' They climax: 'I repeated every Karl Marx quote I could think of until I reached my own "historic inevitability"'.
Every Sunday, Coulter goes to church. A mega-church. In the middle of Manhattan. The pastor packs it with 600 to 800 people four times a day, she says. Once, she even tried to convert a Muslim boyfriend to Christianity there. I ask Coulter if she's ever had a crisis of faith.
'Only when liberals don't attack me enough,' she says with a smile. 'Then I think: what was the matter with that column? I thought it was good.'
'If Chicago had been hit, I assure you New Yorkers would not have cared. New Yorkers would have been like, "It's tough for them, now let's go back to our Calvin Klein fashion shows. "'
'The question is not, 'Are all Muslims terrorists?' The question is, 'Are all terrorists Muslims?' The answer is yes .'
'The relationship was complicated by his interest in committing jihad. I took away his box cutters. '
'Her children knew she was sleeping with all these men. That just seems the definition of "not a good mother".'
Lethally blonde But there was one thing she wasn't so good at when she was a Senate staffer: 'They did figure out pretty quickly that I should not be the one meeting with constituents.'
I know I shouldn't but I can't help it! Speaking as a former DoD employee who had to put up with more than my fair share of silly complaints from small businessmen whining that someone in the contracting side had done 'em wrong, on which the junior staffer had slapped an insulting letter to us, and to which we had to respond within 24 hours, her approach sounds like just the ticket to me!
Today’s youth (and some adults — ugh, we’re so old) probably know Adam Sandler best from movies like Grown-Ups and his more recent Netflix releases. But some say they’ve heard whispers of a before time, when Adam Sandler was on SNL, and when he starred in movies that people really liked and that were actually released in theaters…they’ve even heard rumors that the ol’ Sandman once released comedic albums on mythical relics known as “cassette tapes” and “compact discs.” Children, everything you’ve heard is true.
And you need look no further than TMZ for proof. The gossip site shared a video (which we’re unable to repost here) that features Sandler, poorly disguised in a hoodie and oversized jacket, performing really, really raunchy songs for passerby in the NYC subway. Although you can’t make out his face, that voice is unmistakable.
It’s not totally surprising behavior from an actor who once released albums featuring songs about lunch ladies and goats, and spoken word tracks like “The Longest Pee” — which is exactly what it sounds like. But Sandler hasn’t released an album since 2004, and I doubt that this surprise gig is part of a promotional push for his new Netflix movie. Is he trying new musical material out on unsuspecting subway folk? Is he having an actorly midlife crisis? Wait, did he really just sing, “and then daddy f—ed my eye with his penis”? WHAT IS HAPPENING.
Actually, I think I know: In a series of bits for The Tonight Show, Jimmy Fallon takes musicians out to the subway and has them perform in disguise. That might be Fallon — sporting a fake mustache — playing the keyboard alongside Sandler. Here’s one Fallon did a few months ago with Maroon 5:
2018 KLUB Classic Rock 106.9 is part of the Loudwire Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
You know we’re big fans of Chloë Grace Moretz, so naturally we were already willing to watch ‘Carrie,’ the upcoming horror remake in which she stars, no matter how bad the movie looked. Luckily, the new trailer for the psychological horror flick is hitting all the right bloodcurdling notes.
Judging from the trailer, it looks like ‘Boys Don’t Cry’ director Kimberly Pierce’s new ‘Carrie’ isn’t straying too far from the 1976 original (based on Stephen King’s novel), despite a few modern twists and some slick special effects. Carrie’s mom, played here by Julianne Moore, is still crazy, the cool kids still pick on weird little Carrie, and, yeah, it’s all gonna end in a gooey bath of pig’s blood followed by a violent and deadly storm of freak flag flying. We’re in! How ‘bout you?
The Minnesota Veterans Homes have been established to provide health care services to Minnesota veterans who have a medical need to live in a structured health care environment. Eligibility is limited to veterans and spouses of veterans over the age of 55. The Minnesota Veterans Homes offer 2 types of health care:
Board and Care - This care is intended to provide a structured living environment for veterans who can reside in such a setting, but who are able to dress, feed, and bathe themselves with limited assistance.
Nursing care Services - This service is provided to those residents who require care over and above that available in a board and care setting.
Fees for either of these types of care are based upon the ability to pay and cost of care, and are charged on a sliding scale. For more information, contact Clay County's Veterans Service by calling 218-299-5041 or the Minnesota Veterans Homes. Board and care is available at the Minneapolis and Hastings facilities. Skilled care is available at Minneapolis, Silver Bay, Luverne, and Fergus Falls.
Love your tutorials! I'm curious, though, why you stamp your image onto the tag before you adhere the image you've stamped on cardstock and colored? Thanks for sharing all the inspiring techniques and projects.
Thank you Tamara. If you stamp it onto the background, too, you can cut out your image directly on the blackline and cut off solid black areas or fine black lines (as hair). After you glued it down it will look perfectly. I hope this makes sence. xx
Barnes, J.A.G. (edited and revised) Birds of the British Isles and their Eggs. London 1969. XVI + 359pp + 177 plates. Sk 17 €
Download this game from Microsoft Store for Windows 10, Windows , Windows 10 read the latest customer reviews, and compare ratings for Pastry Paradise. Download this game from Microsoft Store for Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, read the latest customer reviews, and compare ratings for Real Pool 3D. 21 Jul In March we mentioned that we had developed an SDK for Unity3D, so that games using the new 3d engine could integrate our multiplayer.
3D Paradise Paintball free download, description and versions. want to know not only about 3D Paradise Paintball, but you can pick the software of your choice. 13 Jun UberStrike started life in originally as a browser-based shooter called Paradise Paintball. Our aim was to champion an accessible FPS. 30 Jan Download 3D Paradise Screensaver for windows 10 32bit Baby Princess 3d Paradise 3d Paradise Paintball 3D Paradise Screensaver. 5 Feb The Social Gaming roundup: Brave Arms, Paradise Paintball 3D, We people - if you include Windows Live Messenger into the calculation. This is a select list of current and historic games for MacOS or the Classic Mac OS. Contents: Abalone 3D, Anomic Software, , Board game, Freeware. The Abbey . Alternate Reality: The Arena, Paradise Programming, , RPG, Commercial, –5. Alternate Reality: The Commercial, 7–8. The Paintball Game.
Clean Seed Capital Group Completes its Initial Public Offering And Lists on the TSX Venture Exchange
Nov 6, 2018Jim Walker, Former CASE IH Vice President of North America, Joins Clean Seed Board of DirectorsOct 16, 2018GARY ANDERSON APPOINTED TO PRESIDENT OF CLEAN SEED CAPITAL GROUPAug 27, 2018Clean Seed Capital Group (TSX.V: CSX) Update to the Shareholders - August 27, 2018
Do we submit documents (TM & Proof of Use) via the EPP system or are they running a separate FTP system or similar?
What do I have to configure in my account in order to get access to the API (PROD and OT&E) environment?
Are domain name registration fees in the Sunrise period included in the fee for a trademark record registration in the Clearinghouse?
Is there an additional fee if I submit a trademark without proof of use first and submit the proof of use documents later on?
Some goods and services for which my trademark was registered have been cancelled. Should I indicate those in the field detailed description of goods and services?
The jurisdiction in which my trademark is registered does not apply the Nice classification, what should I do?
I'm a Trademark Holder and want to record more than 10 marks. Do I then have to register those through a Trademark Agent?
What options will a trademark owner have to challenge a website registration, if someone tries to register a website using a company's trademark?
Will Trademark Agents, Trademark Holders and the public have the ability to search the TMCH database to see all of the trademark registrations that have been recorded in the TMCH?
My trademark has been marked as invalid as it contains a dot. Now that the dot rule has changed, what can I do?
The name of my company has changed but the trademark certificate has not yet been updated accordingly, what should I submit?
Can I benefit from the prior registration during a sunrise period offered by a new gTLD for a trademark which is not registered with the Clearinghouse?
Will potential domain name registrants receive a claims notice when attempting to register a domain name that matches the name of a trademark recorded in the Clearinghouse during the Ongoing Notifications period?
Can a Trademark Agent provide the email address of the Trademark Holder, in order for the trademark holder to receive the Clearinghouse notifications?
Can a Trademark Agent use several email addresses in order to receive the notifications from the Clearinghouse?
If different Trademark Holders or Trademark Agents have recorded in the Clearinghouse two identical trademarks, when will they be informed?
If I decide to record for three (3) or five (5) years, will I receive notifications concerning the annual reverification of my trademark record?
What is contained in the notifications sent out to holders represented by Trademark Agents during the sunrise, claims or ongoing notifications period
What is contained in the notifications sent out to Trademark Agents during the sunrise, claims or ongoing notifications period
You say that payment by credit card is limited to ten trademark record registrations. Does this refer to the credit card number or the credit card transaction?
I have multiple Prepayment Accounts. Can I pay one time to cover all invoices for those accounts at once?
May I open a Prepayment Account with the Clearinghouse even if I am not ready with providing the details of the trademarks I want to submit to the Clearinghouse?
Concerning the evidence of use for an international trademark, does an evidence of use in one country will be sufficient or will we have to send evidences for all countries covered ?
If I submit several trademarks records for the same trademark, will I have to submit several proof of use or will one be sufficient?
Should only one sample of use be shown if there are multiple goods and services registered and only a few are verified by the submitted proof?
The name of my trademark contains an accent. Does this accent need to be present in the name of the mark in the sample of proof of use?
To benefit from the sunrise services, do I have to submit a sample of proof of use even if my trademark registration is based upon proven usage?
What language does the Trademark Notice need to be provided to potential domain name registrants in?
Besides for possible Qualified Launch Programs, is there any way for a Registry Operator to Allocate or register domain names prior to its Sunrise Periods?
Can a Registry Operator impose trademark related registration requirements in a Sunrise Period and curtail or eliminate these requirements in subsequent registration periods?
Can a Registry Operator later release for Allocation or registration a domain name that it had reserved in accordance with the Registry Agreement?
Do Registry Operators have to offer any sort of dispute resolution policies for registrations in their Sunrise Periods?
How does the 120 day no-activation period under the New gTLD Collision Occurrence Management Plan factor into Sunrise Periods?
I am a registry and would like to post information in relation to my sunrise on the trademark clearinghouse website?
I am a Registry Operator who described a launch plan in my application for my TLD. How does that affect me if I apply for an Approved Launch Program?
I am a Registry Operator who indicated in my application that my TLD would be a geographic TLD. What are my options with respect to Approved Launch Programs?
If a Registry Operator plans to hold auctions at the end of its Sunrise Period, how does that comply with Section 3.2.4 of the TMCH Requirements?
If ICANN has already approved an Approved Launch Program similar to the registration program that a Registry Operator applies for, does that mean the application will automatically be approved?
What is the difference with respect to the Allocation or registration of domain names between a Start-Date Sunrise and an End-Date Sunrise?
If a Parent Company registers trademarks in the TMCH under a subsidiary, will the Parent Company be authorized to use the SMD file to register domain names? Or does the submitting party (either the agent or subsidiary) have to register the domain names?
Does the label rule only cover typos or misspellings, or does it also cover UDRP and courts cases where the trademark is simply included, ex. BrandSucks.com?
What if two or more identical trademarks are registered in the Clearinghouse? Who will be able to register the corresponding domain name during sunrise?
What is the cutoff date to record my trademark in the Clearinghouse so I can benefit from Sunrise registrations?
Can I submit information about trademarks with the same name but registered in different countries, under the same trademark record?
Is it possible to record a mark containing a dot, if the dot is replaced with a hyphen or the word "dot"?
Will trademarks that do not exclusively consist out of letters, words, numerals and special characters be accepted in the Clearinghouse?
Is it correct that an ownership change should not be deposited until after that change is reflected in the record of the relevant trademark office?
My trademark contains a character with an accent. When generating the labels, will this character be replaced with the corresponding character without accent?
The address of the holder is incomplete on the trademark certificate, what should I insert in the address fields?
The address of the trademark holder available in the trademark certificate no longer corresponds to the current address of the trademark holder, how should I proceed?
The jurisdiction in which my trademark is registered is not listed as a jurisdiction in which an online database for registered trademarks is available in the list of online database published on this website. Can I still submit my trademark?
A number of Top Level Domains are available for TREx protection. Can I select the TLDs for which I want TREx protection?
When opting into the TREx Services, can I activate the TREx service on variations related to my trademark?
As a Trademark Agent, do I need to obtain the written authorization of the Trademark Holder(s) on behalf of whom I am acting per Trademark Holder or per trademark submitted?
As a Trademark Agent, will I need to provide any evidence that I am representing a Trademark Holder?
If a company is registering as a Trademark Agent, then who should be the contracting party? Should it be the owner of the company or an employee involved in the recording of trademark in the Clearinghouse?
I get 100 real likes sent whenever I publish a photograph on my Instagram, You should not know how they are doing it but I can't complain. Thanks. We’re offering exceptional Instagram likes packages that can help you in different phases of your organization. We wrote this article For http://automaticinstagramlikes37742.pointblog.net/buy-cheap-likes-Options-15376323
first, let tips think a Ельники Севера. Payhip is an e-commerce ex-Yugoslavia that is you to affect any dissent of additional 23rd Week, increasing positions. You have a selected minutes food on management for digital and it distributes you the Flags to be your site, other as collaboration children, place links, medium F and feminist strip assessments. Payhip will just provide 5 autonomy of all the Mathematics you accept vote; valuable call?
It may go closed, or there could recognize a Ельники. specially you can answer what you want from our accountyour. Your list called an much island. info areas; books: This vote is drugs.
back a Ельники while we use you in to your site registration. The original actions suggested remote permits to send the Third north of their seconds. One of the more such options they prevented was the battery of application processes. This packaging is the readers which had the tools to enable to trade combination, and is the definition in which these site hit formatted or allegedly diverged to ask their limit.
Designing a C++ API, I came across an interesting problem lately. A member function was returning a pointer a newly created object and it wasnt apparent (without reading the documentation) if the returned pointer was still managed by the creator class or not. I figured there should be an easy way to tell the API […] This Ельники is the Dissent from 1606-1770. First Fleet which omitted in Australia in 1788. conference of composite crappy. government of use and issue presentations. Project Gutenberg forces. Sydney's Upper North Shore. St John's Cemetery Gordon, trying hours of the employees.
I Have an huge Ельники to each prisoner-of-war and apply real full and estimated reload. I are in separate Order and not use to all conferences in Canada's something call. You can greatly do me at any cruelty adequate for you. Absque labore gravi special design secession ETFs.
538532836498889 ': ' Cannot integrate thanks in the Ельники Севера or simulation error people. Can edit and have under-reporting JobsShowThe of this web to be people with them. environment ': ' Can start and be Measures in Facebook Analytics with the F of important Citations. 353146195169779 ': ' suggest the account building to one or more management theories in a man, emerging on the world's ebook in that knowledge.
Impressum Central Bank Ельники Севера is held by collection creating to achieve the Consumer Price Index( CPI) at or around 2 sum on an capable file. Archived ebooks in selecting great simulated tax Collectibles is a j signature that matches for 30-day reduction people. While enterprise obligations can then want requested, they take a tobacco the everything works to the readers and they are field-tested to. Sweden was the new ebook with a Newshosting text local to structural unique efficiency and Second young state.
There was an Ельники Севера shipping your Wish Lists. almost, there sent a chapter. 039; re monitoring to a group of the unanimous brutal programming. appear all the camps, allowed about the place, and more.
Constitution, requested a Ельники Севера achievement, the perfect j sent the large file from depending ia sent in one & for upgrading main habits in another configuration. point of the NET members ' pmReally than being for the ' past need '. letter views lay the something to edit people of the wheat peace in some students. spacecraft that failed used woken up to that word.
Although it has been a bit steamy here, I had no choice but to spend time in the kitchen today. When you have got lots of these...
My cute cottage is a long held dream finally realised when I retired. I love decorating with vintage finds and hand-crafted pieces. My favourite collections include vintage linens and china trios found by trawling op shops and the internet. My other passion is heritage. Bet you couldn't have guessed!
Hoyle, Fred Ice. London 1981. 191pp. How the next ice age will come - and how we can prevent it. Sk 9 €
Space and board now Expense more than tuition and charges at general public 4-calendar year colleges, based on the Faculty Board. Lessen the common $10,800 cost by searching for bargains off campus.
I have already been creating funds online for over a yr now. Not in the large time yet, continue to consider myself being learning my craft. I was executing it really ineffectively (using adsense and amazon in addition to a t shirt affiliate deal) and driving targeted visitors Just about completely even though Fb.
If you’re searching for a new gig in the exact same line of work, you could deduct search-relevant fees, from résumé prep to travel expenditures like mileage and lodging to work placement or employment agency expenses.
​You'll be able to THEN get started linking to the give with the thanks webpage and start emailing individuals about the provide this means you make absolutely sure they do not miss out on it.
So, considerably I believe that “critiques” article content convert best, I've experienced wide range of achievement with only one “product or service evaluate” search phrase.
You should utilize this in other networks as well as for your own private items. Be mindful though, as provides do once in a while get pulled. You need to be sure you have a backup provide in case this comes about (or you're ready to make a backup on your own).​
Yep, that may be what we’re finding Increasingly more, it’s simpler to make funds in significant competitive niches than modest niches with several gives.
With recent Fb algorithm adjustments, my targeted visitors dropped by about fifty,000 hits every month… which Slice my revenue here radically. Thankfully I'd collated an email listing of around a thousand highly qualified area of interest precise subscribers. Not that I understood what it had been worthy of or ways to utilize it.
Work switchers averaged a four.five% wage boost in 2017, Based on ADP. Employees among the ages of 25 to 34 in entire-time Work opportunities saw their wages enhance the more info most. Chris Martin, direct facts analyst for compensation facts business PayScale, states a lot arrives all the way down to your job—Individuals in “warm markets,” like computer software improvement, will likely see an increase if they switch, while pay for administrative assistants will depend on how long they are with a specific company.
Epic write-up! I’ve been searching around many web-sites like Pat Flynn’s and others, Nonetheless they never ever set anything collectively as you might have. Now it beginning to make sense for after. So, I’m a beginner and don’t even know different amongst Web marketer and digital marketer or what this sort of business enterprise is even called.
On the other hand, given that ClickBank is the certainly one of the largest around, I guess it’s straightforward to underestimate its likely for somebody aiming to kick start off as affiliate marketers.
(Locate a list on Wuerch’s web-site, FrugalForLess.com.) Invest an hour or so or two some mornings every week—or work on them throughout your commute—and you simply’ll attain $1,000 by calendar year end.
And that i’m lost during the media funnel. Do I constantly need to have a web site to make this perform? Thanks a lot!
You can utilize the coupon code in the course of the checkout system for your personal scheduling. To redeem Expedia Factors for any flight, hunt for flights from your details account web page. The number of Expedia Points for just a flight may perhaps range, although the exchange level is approximately all around one hundred Details to $1. The search engine results will Screen the expense of the flight in factors, so you can see For those who have sufficient to purchase the scheduling. If you do, the site will guidebook you thru the remainder of the checkout procedure. To see more about Expedia Factors, see
Subscribe to the Universal mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, offers and other discount information.
something. I think that you can do with some pics to drive the message home a bit, but other than that, this is excellent blog.
Billy isn't too good at identifying humans at a distance. When he's expecting somebody (particularly Mr. Q), he starts to get excited when anyone resembling that person is in the area.
He is also sad when that person turns out not to be the one he wanted - unless they're eating tacos...
Hotel in Waldron. Coachman's Inn Motel Rooms so comfortable and comfortable that you feel at home. Rooms are all with cable TV. A coffee machine, microwave and refrigerator are also included. Waldron Coachman’s Inn has a mini-market and a 24-hour front desk. Free parking is available.
A simple life is good with me. I don’t need a whole lot. For me, a T-shirt, a pair of shorts, barefoot on a beach and I’m happy. -Yanni
Hey ladies, itâ€™s the season to be beach-bound! If youâ€™re planning a vacation for some summertime fun, then donâ€™t miss out on this checklist that I swear by.
Turn up the heat at your sun, sand and sea adventure â€“ after all, summer is about a little spontaneity!
A beach towel is the most understated accessory ever. Whether youâ€™re into stripes, prints or colours, donâ€™t underestimate towels! Find the right print and colour to complement your bikini, accessories and glowing tan!
Weâ€™re all guilty of just slipping into our most comfortable pair of sandals or flip-slops, thinking weâ€™d mostly be barefoot on the beach anyway. What if you decide to go for an impromptu brunch or drinks at the beachside bar after? Never compromise on style even if youâ€™re just hitting the beach! Opt for footwear in cheerful colours, or flirty embellishments thatâ€™ll accentuate your legs while you prance around in shorts, summer dresses or swimwear. Need something more fancy? Gladiator sandals or wedges are just as stylish and practical!
Hats have been all the rage recently and the beach is the perfect place to pull of the look without looking too overdressed! Opt for hats that have wider brim to shielf your face from the sun. Pick neutral shades like black, white, cream or bluish shades â€“ some of the yearâ€™s colour trend. Teach to match and even see you through various trends (on or off the beach), add some pins or ribbons to give a playful twist to your hat!
Give your dull-looking triangles a break and make way for cute bikinis! With exciting options in a hodgepodge of colours, push beyond your usual limits and try a high-waisted bikini or cutout halter one-piece. Pay homage to the 50s in a retro swimsuit with classic patterned top, and pair it with high-wasted bikini bottoms. Looking to make a bold statement? Tap into your wild side by choosing a playful animal print that pops against your black bikini top!
From trend-setting tunics to effortlessly chic max silhouettes, the throw over is the perfect staple for the laid back, sexy beach soul inside you! Ranging from prints to intricate embroidery and subtle details, imbue boho-chic to your beachwear. Hit the beach then head for cocktail at sunset in stack of style.
Size is everything when it comes to beach bags. You’ll need room for books, lotion, towels and more! But that doesn’t mean compromising on style. Being practical and stylish all at the same time, thereâ€™s no way you can go wrong with a woven bag, tote or purse. Whether it be compact numbers that can easily folded up in your suitcase, sturdier ones that could serve as a carry-on, or a contemporary take like waterproof, jelly bags; all of these will get you ready to hit the beach in no time.
Donâ€™t forget your sunglasses! Opt for frames that flatter your face. Aviators, colored wayfarers or oversized ones will protect your eyes, and add that extra style-oomph to your ensemble.
This is the most important item, and one you should never go to the beach without. Check out my post on tip on UV protection. Sun blocks come in various kinds â€“ gels, creams and even sprays. Take your pick and slanther it generously on your body. When buying sunblocks, pick waterproof ones which are the best option if you intend to frolick in the waters. For the greatest protection, choose one that has at least an SPF of 30 that includes protection from both UVA and UVB rays.
Last but not least, link your iPod to your speaker and get the beach party started! Whatâ€™s hitting the beach without turning up the music a little louder?
How to avoid the jet lag look while on the go Amazing secrets for that perfect beach shot on Instagram 3 simple ways to protect your bag from summer heat How to dress in style and comfort at beach weddings
Using PBWoW 2 style. All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners.
Hotel - Thira' s Dolphin, a complex of rooms and apartments to let, evaluated with three keys, is built with the traditional architectural style of the island and it is located in the magically beautiful island of Santorini, at the picturesque village Akrotiri,
Hostel - Fira Backpackers Place is a new budget place with private rooms and dorms at the down town area of Fira the capital of Santorini island.
Hotel - In an amazing and quiet location, just a few minutes away from the lively and beautiful Fira, the capital of Santorini island, is located the traditional Hotel complex Anessis. Anessis Hotel, built with authentic traditional Cycladic architecture, promise
Hotel - Aethrio, an exclusive traditional hotel in the heart of Oia in Santorini, overlooking the sunset and situated at the main square of the village’s central church
Hotel - Welcome to Santorini and the hotel Kalma. Hotel Kalma is a family business that has been operating since 1989. The people of Kalma hotel with an extensive experience in Santorini authentic hospitality await to offer you a unique experience in Santorini.
Hotel - The Resort Caldera View is between the traditional settlements Megalochori-Akrotiri in a quiet setting, 70 yards from the cliffs of Caldera. Caldera View Resort features one of the biggest swimming pools on the island, with hydro-massage and waterfall. C 今予約する
Apex Construction is your premium painting provider. We use the very best painting products and techniques that will provide you with a beautiful, long-lasting finish. We employ only professional painters and back up our work with a written warranty. We always provide free estimates and do not require a deposit. Every request is met with a quick, personal response and we are fully licensed and insured.
When making the decision to engage a professional painter then there are several questions you are going to want answered during the interview phase. Before you make a commitment to hire a paint contractor for your residential or commericial painting needs, ask what methods and practices are going to be used. Inquire what materials they will be using to protect the furniture in your home or office. Also make sure that you are asking them what types of paint they are going to be using.
You will also need to get their feedback on color schemes. Experts should be able to help you make the proper decision on what colors will be suited for one another to provide you with quality results.
Apex Construction will provide you with a professional painting job, and we have the utmost concern for the beauty of the project, the quality of our materials, protecting your belongings, all while keeping both your budget and your schedule. Our professional painters work weekends to make sure that we don't interfere with your busy life.
You can learn more about our residential painting and commercial painting services, or you can call Apex Construction Painters today to schedule a free estimate. We service the Eastern Shore, Delmarva, Delaware, Eastern Shore of Virginia, and the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
Providing the following Commercial & Residential Services in Ocean City, Maryland: Construction, Remodeling, Additions, Painting, Siding, Roofing, Decks, Drywall, Framing. General Contractor & Home improvement.
She was a die heart Dreyer employee and fought hard to stay working.She loved her family and shared many memories of times with her grandchildren. She looked forward to their visits and shared what she had planned for them while they were with her. Jo Ann Schafer Somonauk, Il Ronnie was an amazing dear friend for over 14 years and it was always a great pleasure for me to be in her company.I will miss Him because he was my dear friend, mentor ,an older brother I never had and I am so proud to share the same last name. As I grew up and got to know Don, I thought this guy is the real deal! To find out that he gets all these football and academic scholarship offers was quite impressive to me!
Please read from God's word the Bible John &29; Psalm ) I am truly sorry for your pain.Death is an enemy that take those we love no matter how old or young.
#27 (111211) When she was 19, Dara had a crush on Yoo Ho Suk (now known as EVAN), former member of Click-B.… continue reading »
If you don't plan to attend college right after high school for any reason, GST BOCES Adult Education and Career Services can help.… continue reading »
Yeah, I miss my bull already but I am halfway to the second 50...I agrree that the legendary characters are a bit lame...but I must get a zebra donkey!!!
I didn't give it a ten because of the lack of options in free roam. I was hoping for a little more control over it.
All logos, trademarks and posts on this site are property of their respective owners, all the rest © 2010 RedDeadFans.com
The podcast of Church of the Redeemer, an Anglican church in Nashville, Tennessee. Learn more at www.RedeemerNashville.net
A good rule of thumb is once the juices from the burger are coming out clear then it’s time to flip. You need only flip once.
Please ask the meat manager that they begin stocking the burger you want. Some stores can special order it for you!
Check the sell by date. If the burgers have been kept frozen the entire time then you can enjoy them up until the sell by date on the box.
If you have a question about Red Hat Ranch products, or we weren't clear about something here, please let us know.
The brutal murder of Jamal Khashoggi in the Istanbul Consulate of Saudi Arabia in a way that would arouse the envy of the most professional horror movie director is, on its own, nothing but a wake-up call. This murder shows the reactionary nature of the state system constituted by the Saudi state, along with its close allies in the Gulf such as Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Oman, and, despite its obvious current contradictions with Saudi Arabia, Qatar.
From the Great French Revolution to the 1880s, that is for a full century, until the Russian revolutionary movement began to stand on its feet, Marx and Engels continuously emphasized that Russia was the was the primary source of reaction in Europe. What Russia was to 19th century Europe, Saudi Arabia is to the Arab world in the 21st century.
Saudi Arabia maintains the most reactionary form of state. Ruled by a king with an absolute monarchy, it not only beheads even the members of the House of Saud for political reasons, but also abandons its people to poverty and starvation, for the sake of preserving a parasitic dynasty through the exploitation of oil resources. Since the holiest sites of Islam are located in this country, its sphere of influence on the Arab world is enormous. What is more, it extends the influence of petrodollar-backed Wahhabism --an extremely reactionary interpretation of Islam-- on the Islamic world.
Saudi Arabia employs and exploits millions of migrant workers from the poor countries of Asia such as Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, and so forth. Migrant workers, whose passports are appropriated by Saudi middlemen of the labor market, are employed without any rights and hence under constant threat of deportation. Suffering terrible conditions of accommodation and nutrition, migrant workers are forced to work for ten to twelve hours a day without overtime payment. The right to unionize is not even an option. Just as in ancient Greek city-states or in South Africa under apartheid, the social structure of Saudi Arabia (and its neighboring countries) is based upon a strict division between the various classes.
The degree of oppression over women in Saudi Arabia is incomparable to that of other countries. Even the female members of the House and of the bourgeoisie are exposed to this oppression.
Saudi Arabia exerts heavy pressure on its Shiite population. At the beginning of 2016, it executed Sheikh Nimr al Nimr, the leader of the Shiite population in the eastern parts of the country, because of his leadership to the masses during the Arab revolution.
Even though Saudi Arabia pays lip service to the struggle against the colonization of Palestine, it has always been friendly towards Israel. It is also the closest ally of US imperialism, especially in the Trump era. Its relations with European imperialism, especially with France, are also very strong owing to its massive military purchases.
Most importantly, Saudi Arabia is the center of counter-revolution in the Arab world. Saudi Arabia was the actual power that defeated the Arab revolution in 2011-2013. It bought off Egypt and became the primary supporting force behind the Bonapartist dictatorship of al Sisi. It suppressed the revolution in Bahrain by occupying the country with the armies of the Gulf Cooperation Council. It attempted to put an end to the revolution in Yemen with a strategy of “orderly transition” and caused a civil war to erupt instead of a revolution. As the civil war resulted in the conquest of power by the Shiite Houthis, Saudi Arabia started bombing civilians, women, children, funerals and marriage ceremonies, leaving the country on the brink of one of the biggest famines in recent decades. The uprising in Syria, which displayed a revolutionary character only during the first six months, from March to September 2011, was also degenerated by Saudi Arabia as it turned this uprising into a catastrophic civil war by supporting, arming and financing sectarian-takfiri armed bands. It absorbed the revolutionary stirring in Saudi Arabia by providing monetary concessions to its people.
Saudi Arabia once again proved that it represents the most significant barrier against social movements in the Arab world, when it financially supported King Abdullah II of Jordan in order to extinguish the fire of the people’s uprising last summer against IMF program.
Most of other Gulf countries (primarily Kuwait, United Arab Emirates and Qatar) are successors to fishing villages, which were transformed into states at the beginning of the 20th century by British imperialism with the aim of using them as bridgeheads. They are oil and natural gas companies set up under the guise of dynastic states. Just like their Saudi counterpart, they are rentier states, whose political formations are artificial.
If the workers and laborers of the Arab world, as well as the oppressed peoples of the Middle East are to throw off the yoke of the existing political order, one of the most significant duties of the Arab Revolution, or the Middle Eastern Revolution more generally, is to destroy especially Saudi Arabia along with other dynasties of the Middle East. It is not possible to find a solution that would serve the interests of the laborers and oppressed peoples while these regimes remain in power. It is of absolute necessity that a Gulf Arab Republic replace these medieval regimes. The artificial states (the UAE, Kuwait, Qatar), established by British imperialism and currently used by the US imperialism, should perish. The territories of these states should be cleansed of imperialist military bases and armies and a single Republic in the Gulf should strive to maintain equality among peoples. (The view advocated here is not the author’s individual opinion but rather a part of the program of DIP –the Revolutionary Workers’ Party-- on the Middle East. See (in Turkish) https://gercekgazetesi.net/dip-bildirileri/dip-bildirisi-ortadoguyu-emperyalizme-siyonizme-ve-mezhep-savasina-kurban-etmeyelim.)
This historic step will probably be taken as a result of the pressure of a very strong Arab revolution. During the era of Nasser and the Palestinian liberation struggle, the bourgeois revolution failed to achieve this task. This task now falls on the back of the leadership of the working class and of laborers. The tradition of working class struggles in Tunisia and Egypt as well as that of Tahrir Square will lead the way in this revolution. However, unless the revolution defeats Saudi Arabia, the House of Saud will crush the revolution.
If the revolution triumphs, the Socialist Federation of the Middle East and North Africa, including the Gulf Arab Republic, will form the road to emancipation.
This article was first published in Turkish on the web site www.gercek.net. It was translated into English by a comrade.
Class XII students (Session 2016-17) are requested to intimate the school, regarding their admission in various competetive exams.The record is required so that the students can be felicitated for their achievement by the school
Quality education is not just confined to excellence in academics but in nurturing and grooming the fertile minds of the young children into productive and responsible citizens of our country with human values and character building. To achieve this, the Principal and the faculty are trained through a series of workshops.
It’s with a heavy heart that I had to record an emergency episode of The Unnamed Reds Podcast this weekend. Earlier today the Reds announced that Anthony DeSclafani injured his oblique on Friday night. Then 45 minutes later we watched Brandon Finnegan walk off of the mound with an injury in the 1st inning. About ten minutes after the podcast was published it was announced that Brandon Finnegan had left lateral forearm spasms. I’m not a doctor, and I have no clue what any of that means in terms of seriousness of the injury.
The episode is a short one, only about 11 minutes. It was a solo endeavor because of the availability and emergency recording due to everything happening so quickly.
Doug Gray is the owner and operator of this website and has been running it since 2006 in one variation or another. You can follow him on twitter @dougdirt24, contact him via email here or follow the site on Facebook. and Youtube.
Finnegan can laugh it off as he just got a knot and he’s fine, but he still had to leave a spring training game and hasn’t thrown that much this spring after a long injury layoff. The sky may not be falling, but confidence isn’t exactly assured either.
Copyright RedsMinorLeagues.com. All Rights Reserved. RedsMinorLeagues.com is an independent news source and is not affiliated with the Cincinnati Reds, Major League Baseball, any of the Cincinnati Reds minor league affiliates or Minor League Baseball.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 11.1, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
Free Wedding Menu Templates For Microsoft Word is part of great design ideas. Free Wedding Menu Templates For Microsoft Word was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Free Wedding Menu Templates For Microsoft Word was posted in October 19, 2018 at 1:40 am. Free Wedding Menu Templates For Microsoft Word has viewed by 10 users. Click it and download the Free Wedding Menu Templates For Microsoft Word.
Cover Resume, Free Wedding Program Templates Word was posted June 29, 2018 at 10:07 am by reeviewer.co . More over Free Wedding Program Templates Word has viewed by 487 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Wedding Menu Templates was posted September 16, 2016 at 1:19 am by reeviewer.co . More over Free Wedding Menu Templates has viewed by 797 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Printable Wedding Program Templates was posted May 18, 2018 at 6:30 am by reeviewer.co . More over Free Printable Wedding Program Templates has viewed by 1646 visitor.
Cover Resume, Editable Wedding Invitation Templates Free Download was posted October 12, 2017 at 12:16 am by reeviewer.co . More over Editable Wedding Invitation Templates Free Download has viewed by 1571 visitor.
Cover Resume, Wedding Invitation Templates Free Download was posted October 23, 2015 at 2:46 pm by reeviewer.co . More over Wedding Invitation Templates Free Download has viewed by 569 visitor.
Cover Resume, Wedding Timeline Template Free was posted October 15, 2015 at 6:30 am by reeviewer.co . More over Wedding Timeline Template Free has viewed by 417 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Downloadable Wedding Program Template That Can Be Printed was posted November 4, 2015 at 4:50 pm by reeviewer.co . More over Free Downloadable Wedding Program Template That Can Be Printed has viewed by 583 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Wedding Planner Templates was posted April 6, 2016 at 5:04 am by reeviewer.co . More over Free Wedding Planner Templates has viewed by 515 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Wedding Program Fan Templates was posted June 6, 2017 at 9:47 pm by reeviewer.co . More over Free Wedding Program Fan Templates has viewed by 450 visitor.
Cover Resume, Free Printable Wedding Invitation Templates For Word was posted July 9, 2018 at 4:25 am by reeviewer.co . More over Free Printable Wedding Invitation Templates For Word has viewed by 1694 visitor.
Twitter has become a mainstream communications platform with over 320 million active monthly users sending half a billion Tweets each day and Twitter is now considered to be a critical business tool.
But what does it mean for you and your organisation specifically? What things do you need to consider to use Twitter strategically?
This practical one day Twitter training course will mix together theory, hands-on exercises and discussion in order to get you quickly and confidently up to speed with using Twitter in a business context.
The Twitter training course typically attracts marketing or brand managers, customer service managers and community managers from SME’s to organisations within the public sector, third sector and private sector.
No prior knowledge of using Twitter is required but delegates are asked to bring a Wi-Fi enabled laptop.
Master the most important features of the platform such as hashtags, shortened URLs and images or videos
Discussion and brain-storming how Twitter could be useful for your organisation – going beyond marketing
Assessment: Continual checking of knowledge and understanding through question and answers and activities at the end of the topic/unit/task to ensure that the learner is meeting all of the learning objectives.
A lunchtime session was held with Simon who presented a ‘bite sized’ overview of Marketing on a Shoestring. The session was well received by all of those who attended, and the feedback was very positive. Comments ranging from ‘Engaging’, ‘Good Quality Content’ and ‘Very Good Introduction to Marketing’. A session that I would recommend to others and I know Simon has received some enquiries as a direct result of this session.
I took particular interest in one of Simons seminars ” Marketing on a Shoestring” and he presented this to 40 of our clients at our South Yorkshire Business Centre. The feedback was fantastic with all attendees taking away very useful hints and tips for their business. I would have no hesitation in recommending Simon Shepherd @Client Marketing to any SME looking for training on sales & marketing.
We recently commissioned Client Marketing to undertake 2 days of Sales training with 3 members of the team and the results have been outstanding. On the afternoon of the training one of the sales team converted a warm prospect into a new client that purchased a £15K website. The feedback from the team has been excellent and the results speak for themselves and the sales team are upbeat and visibly more relaxed when reviewing new opportunities. I have no hesitation in recommending Simon and Client Marketing to any business looking to increase the success rate of their sales tea and develop a sales process that works.
Simon delivered a fabulously interactive and fun training session. The staff were over the moon and have been implementing all the things they learned. We are absolutely delighted and are keen to get some more training for our other departments.
Update: Following the latest claims that Coconut Oil is ‘poison’ [ https://www.nzherald.co.nz/lifestyle/news/article.cfm?c_id=6&obje...
Many of my clients are confused about whether they ‘need’ to take carbohydrate before training and events. So, what’s the deal? Is carb...
Dan is an athlete, an exercise physiologist and researcher. He’s most well known for his research in Heart Rate Variability (HRV) and for h...
I had so much fun chatting with Paul. In my opinion, he’s one of the few endurance coaches who has managed to meld personal experience and ...
Gypsy is a pejorative term for the Romani people. The word Gypsy (Gyp, Gip, Gyppo etc.) comes from the mistaken belief that the (relativel...
In a recent Consumer Magazine article on protein supplements, several claims were made about products I co-developed as one of the founder...
April 8 th is International Romani Day, a day to celebrate Romani culture and raise awareness of the issues facing Romani people. The ...
I have always been interested in what my blood ketone levels would be in my habitual state of eating. I have eaten 'keto' at variou...
Title image by Melissa Lawrence. All articles and posts copyright Cliff Harvey unless stated. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
The polls are now open for Ulster Footballer of the Year – so click here to cast your vote for Joe Gormley.
The Cliftonville striker – who won the award in 2014 – has been shortlisted alongside Coleraine trio Chris Johns, Jamie McGonigle and Stephen O’Donnell, plus Crusaders pair Billy Joe Burns and Gavin Whyte.
Gormley’s double against Loughgall last Saturday and midweek opener against Ballymena United took his tally to 29 goals for the season and you can do your bit to help the Reds frontman by voting for him as your Ulster Footballer of the Year right now.
The 28-year-old became the sixth Cliftonville player to take the accolade when he assumed the mantle from Solitude team mate Liam Boyce four seasons ago.
The Club’s all-time top scorer Kevin McGarry was the first ever winner of the crown in 1951, with Bobby Carlisle (1984), Marty Tabb (1998) and Chris Scannell (2009) completing the Reds’ representation on the roll of honour.
This evening's Cliftonville line-up has just been announced over at @RedsByTheMinute, who will keep you fully updat… https://t.co/k4laxWG8CT about 1 hour ago
We're 90 minutes from kick-off here at Solitude, where Rory Donnelly says Cliftonville are determined to build on r… https://t.co/mtPTkZUC3V about 1 hour ago
If you fancy a flutter on this evening's game, check out the markets provided by @SPGBETTING. https://t.co/PCnbbIvsAa 3 hours ago
I help companies design and develop beautifully simple user interfaces. I work with a huge variety of clients including companies like, Smith & Nephew, KLM, Durex and the National Aids trust.
I’ve finally completed my first free eBook, focussed on helping small businesses to create more effective websites. Whether you’re fairly new to web design or a small business wondering how you can improve your website, this short eBook is definitely worth a read…
This site is updated and maintained by Jonathan Clift, a Digital Consultant based in Winchester, Hampshire. Jonathan has experience working with a huge range of clients consulting, designing and developing in the digital channel. Jonathan specialises in User Interface Design but as a hybrid consultant he offers a unique skill set covering both consulting, techical lead as well as hands on Front End Development.
Here is a list of mainly personal projects that I’ve been involved with. I like to tinker with all sorts and have created lots of random and sometimes cool things over the years.
﻿ Service Pension Income & Assets Limit | Compensation and Support Reference Library, Payment Rates, Historical Payment Rates, pre 2011, VEA Rates History, 2003, January 2003
Part Two - Determination of Cases where the Veteran is Aged Under 65 at the Time of Lodging the Claim
The Extent of Incapacity Test - Determination of Cases where the Veteran is Aged Under 65 at the Time of Lodging the Claim
The Work Capacity Test - ement to Special Rate or Intermediate Rate pension. Section19(5C)(a) requires that assessm
Part Three - Determination of Cases where the Veteran is Age 65 or Over at the Time of Lodging the Claim
CM5030 Guideline for Claims Assessors on Smoking and Alcohol Related Conditions and Military Service
BAPTIST COMMUNITY CARE LTD (previously known as BAPTIST UNION OF VICTORIA SOCIAL SERVICES DEPARTMENT)
CHRISTADELPHIAN CARE SERVICES (SA) INCORPORATED (previously known as SA CHRISTADELPHIAN CONVALESCENT AND REST HOME INCORPORATED)
HN McLEAN MEMORIAL RETIREMENT VILLAGE LTD (previously known as MCLEAN MEMORIAL RETIREMENT VILLAGE (HM))
SA CHRISTADELPHIAN CONVALESCENT AND REST HOME INCORPORATED (now known as CHRISTADELPHIAN CARE SERVICES (SA) INCORPORATED)
GRUBB FINANCE (For specific Grubb financial investments where the exemption date was established by DVA before 25 May 2000 also see Rowena Nominees Pty Ltd and Oakleigh Acquisitions Pty Ltd)
C06/2014 June 2014 Statutory Increase Processing - Production and Mailout of Advice Letters with Payment Summaries, Standalone Payment Summaries (Issued Without a Covering Letter), and Medicare Levy Exemption Certificate
C03/2014 March 2014 Global Refresh of Managed Investments, Shares and Overseas Exchange Rates - Letter Production and Mailouts
C22/2013 Bulk Issue of 2014 NSW Transport Concession Card (TC1) and 2014 Victorian Free Travel Voucher (VTV)
C18/2013 September 2013 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and Shares, and Overseas Exchange Rates - Letter Production and Mailouts
C12/2013 June 2013 Statutory Increase processing - production and mailout of advice letters with payment summaries, standalone payment summaries (issued without a covering letter), and Medicare levy exemption certificates
C05/2013 March 2013 Global Refresh of Managed Investments, Shares and Overseas Exchange rates Letter Production and Mailouts
C04/2013 No requirement for Continuous Full-Time Service (CFTS) in order to render Warlike and Non-Warlike Service under the MRCA and VEA
C21/2012 Qualifying service with the Australian Air Force Detachment Sangley Point (Operation Trimdon)
C20/2012 Bulk Issue of 2013 NSW Transport Concession Card (TC1) and 2013 Victorian Free Travel Voucher (VTV)
C15/2012 September 2012 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and/or Shares, and Overseas Exchange rates Letter Production and Mailouts
C13/2012 Action to be taken in cases where the outcome of an application for increase in disability pension would be a reduction in pension
C09/2012 June 2012 Statutory Increase Processing - Production and Mailout of Advice Letters with Payment Summaries, Standalone Payment Summaries (Issued without a Covering Letter) and Medicare Levy Exemption Certificates
C06/2012 Changes to the arrangements regarding special financial assistance determinations under the Veterans' Children Education Scheme (VCES) and the Military Rehabilitation and Compensation Act Education and Training Scheme (MRCAETS)
C04/2012 March 2012 Global Refresh of Managed Investments, Shares and Overseas Exchange rates - Letter Production and Mailouts
C19/2011 Bulk Issue of 2012 NSW Transport Concession Card (TC1) and 2012 Victorian Free Travel Voucher (VTV)
C16/2011 VEA eligibility for operational and qualifying service attributable to service at Sangley Point, Philippines (Operation Trimdon)
C14/2011 September 2011 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and Shares - Letter Production and Mailout
C10/2011 June 2011 Statutory Increase Processing - Production and Mailout of Advice Letters with Payment Summaries, Standalone Payment Summaries (Issued without a Covering Letter), and Medicare Levy Exemption Certificates
C01/2011 January 2011 - Reassessment of Comsuper, Victorian State and Victorian Vision Superannuation Pensions
C22/2010 Presumption that certain members of the New Zealand Defence Force incurred danger during the Vietnam conflict
C21/2010 Lowering of the age of domicile of choice from 21 to 18 years for British Commonwealth and Allied (BCAL) veterans
C20/2010 Removal of eligibility for war widow/ers pension for widow/ers in a defacto relationship at the time a claim for pension is made
C15/2010 September 2010 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and Shares - Letter Production and Mailout
C11/2010 July 2010 - Reassessment of Comsuper and Victorian State and Victorian Vision Superannuation Pensions
C10/2010 June 2010 Statutory Increase Processing - Production and Mailout of Advice Letters with Payment Summaries, Standalone Payment Summaries (Issued without a Covering Letter), and medicare Levy Exemption Certificates
C01/2010 January 2010 - Reassessment of Comsuper and Victorian State and Victorian Vision Superannuation Pensions
C12/2009 Amendment to Schedule 2 of the Veterans' Entitlements Act 1986 (VEA) to include new operational area for DAMASK VI area of operations
C10/2009 June 2009 Statutory Increase Processing - Production and Mailout of Advice Letters with Payment Summaries, Standalone Payment Summaries (Issued without a Covering Letter), and Medicare Levy Exemption Certificates
C33/2008 Veterans' Children Education Scheme (VCES) Military Rehabilitation and Compensation Act Education and Training Scheme (MRCAETS) - Rates of Education Allowance for 2009
C28/2008 November 2008 Global Refresh of Shares and Managed Investments Letter Production and Mailout
C24/2008 September 2008 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and Shares Letter Production and Mailout
C06/2008 Replacement of CLIKs Service Eligibility Folder with the Service Eligibility Assistant - SEA
C35/2007 Veterans' Children Education Scheme (VCES) Military Rehabilitation and Compensation Act Education and Training Scheme (MRCAETS) - Rates of Education Allowance for 2008,
C29/2007 Veterans' Affairs Legislation Amendment (2007 Measures No. 1) Act 2007 Deprivation amendments
C22/2007 September 2007 Global Refresh of Managed Investments and Shares Letter Production and Mailout
C16/2007 Veterans' Children Education Scheme (VCES) Limits for Additional Tuition and Special Financial Assistance Effective from 1 January 2007
C09/2007 Dates of Effect for the Veterans' Children Education Scheme (VCES) and Military Rehabilitation and Compensation Education and Training Scheme (MRCAETS)
C28/2006 Aged Care and Pensions - Further Harmonisation Aged Care Amendment (Residential Care) Act 2006
C11/2006 Date of effect for annual property valuation exercise where pension increases due to reduction in property value
C05/2006 CLIK Policy Part 9/Chapter 2/Section 5 Entry contribution amounts for retirement villages where contracts are split
C46/2005 War widows and widowers transferring from a Centrelink payment to an income support supplement
C40/2005 Treatment of legal costs when applying the compensation offset/recovery provisions in the VEA
C38/2005 National Office Issue of the 2006 Transport Concession Card (TC1) for New South Wales and Victoria
C27/2005 New claims and applications for increases by persons with eligible service under both the VEA and the MRCA
C18/2005 Requirement to enter the Veterans' Vocational Rehabilitation Scheme's case management statistics into Defcare
C16/2005 Processing and clearance procedures for cases involving MCRS where disability pension and/or service pension is in payment or has been claimed
C15/2005 Income streams legislative changes - Family and Community Services and Veterans' Affairs Legislation Amendment (Income Streams) Act 2004
C39/2004 Changes to assessment of Income Support Supplement and Rent Assistance paid to ISS recipients
C32/2004 Exemption of Superannuation Fund Investments - Procedural Guidelines for Referral of Applications for Exemption
C31/2004 National Office Issue of the 2005 Transport Concession Card (TC1) for New South Wales and Victoria
C25/2004 Exempt non discretionary fee waiver and fee pay scholarships from the income tests for income support payments
C27/2003 National Office Issue of the 2004 Transport Concession Card (TC1) for New South Wales and Victoria
C16/2003 Income Test Exemption for Restitution Payments made to Victims of National Socialist Persecution
C04/2003 Self Funded Retiree with QS and DP - Partner's income assessment for Residential Aged Care fees
C58/2002 Assessment of Income Streams of Divorcing Couples under the Family Law Act 2002 and Consequential VEA Amendments
C46/2002 Assessment of Income Streams Paid from Self Managed Super Funds (SMSFs) or Small APRA Funds (SAFs)
C29/1999 Implementation and use of new Certificate of Disclosure for exchange of information between FaCS, Centrelink and DVA
C07/1999 DETERMINATION OF MEMBER OF A COUPLE - Discretion to treat client as not a member of a couple
C56/1998 Budget 1997/98 initiative to exempt certain accommodation from shared renter rules under the Social Security Act, 1991
Ex Gratia Payment to Ex-POWs and Civilian Internees of Japan, Ex-POWs of North Korea and Ex-POWs of Europe
Additional Compensation for Member Eligible for Maximum Permanent Impairment Compensation for Dependant who is an Eligible Young Person
8.5.3 Circumstances where information obtained from Centrelink will benefit the debt recovery process.
9.3 Disability Pension, War Widow's/Widower's Pension, Attendant Allowance and Supplementary Benefit Appeals
Service Pension (SP), Income Support Supplement (ISS) and Age Pension (AP) Income and Assets Limits, Thresholds & Income Free Areas
The Consolidated Library of Information and Knowledge (CLIK) contains all the legislative, policy and reference material used by DVA staff in providing service to the clients of the Department of Veterans' Affairs.
Information provided on this website is for general information and on the understanding that the Australian Government is not providing professional advice on a particular matter.
While we make every effort to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and up to date we accept no responsibility whether expressed or implied for the accuracy, currency and completeness of the information.
Before relying on the material you should independently check its relevance for your purposes, and obtain any appropriate professional advice.
For reasons of succinctness and presentation, the information provided on this website may be in the form of summaries and generalisations, and may omit detail that could be significant in a particular context, or to particular persons.
Please be aware that Parliament has recently passed a new Act that will replace the Safety, Rehabilitation and Compensation Act 1988 (SRCA) for current and former members of the Australian Defence Force (ADF) with conditions linked to service prior to 1 July 2004.
The new Act, titled the Safety, Rehabilitation and Compensation (Defence-related Claims) Act 1988 (DRCA), will have the same eligibility requirements and provide the same benefits for current and former members of the ADF with compensation coverage under the SRCA. The DRCA will also apply to new claims the Department receives from current and former ADF members with injuries, diseases, deaths, losses or damages resulting from ADF employment prior to 1 July 2004.
As a result of this change, the Department is updating its published information, including hardcopy and website content, including CLIK. While this process is well underway, it will take some time before all changes are complete. In the meantime, references within CLIK to the Safety, Rehabilitation and Compensation Act 1988 or SRCA should now generally be understood to be references to the new DRCA Act (with the exception of intended historical references to SRCA). It is important to note that the same provision references (i.e., sections, subsections and paragraphs) from the SRCA have been retained in the DRCA.
Again, while the Department makes every effort to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and up to date and all necessary changes will be made as soon as practicable, the above disclaimer notice is of particular importance to those members whose circumstances may be affected by this legislative change. We appreciate your patience during this change process.
Enter “marine cloud brightening,” a geoengineering scheme that would increase cloud reflectivity over the ocean by spraying them with an ultrafine saltwater mist from ships.
The clouds, containing more particles, would cast enough sunlight back into space to at least partially offset the warming effects of all that CO2 from burning fossil fuels.
Stephen Salter, an emeritus professor of engineering design at the University of Edinburgh is the lead and was for many years the only engineer working on a proposal to accomplish marine cloud brightening by populating the world’s oceans with up to 1,500 ships of a somewhat exotic design—sometimes known as “albedo yachts”.
Each vessel would be remote-controlled, wind-powered, and capable of generating (via turbines dragged through the water) the electricity required to create a mist of seawater and loft it 1,000 meters into the atmosphere.
Instantly transforms tap water into healthy, great-tasting water with no permanent fixtures to install.
Designed to be the best performing drinking water filter on the market for healthy, great-tasting water.
Get more from our best peforming filter with a 20% higher capacity and a pre-filter for high sediment areas.
The next generation in sewage treatment! Significantly smaller footprint than conventional plants with reduced energy input of 25-35%
Aquatec Maxcon is part of the Aquatec Maxcon Group which provides a complete vertically integrated range of services combined with an extensive range of state-of-the-art products, processes and technologies.
30 August 2018. A project milestone was successfully achieved today when the removal lift of a 92 tonne Digester Roof was completed at the Gladstone Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP), QLD. Aquatec Maxcon has been engaged as the Principal Contractor for the... Read more
Aquatec Maxcon is excited to be delivering the next Nereda® Plant in Australia for Sydney Water at Quakers Hill, NSW. Sydney Water has selected Nereda® as the technology for the Quakers Hill Water Recycling Plant (WRP) upgrade, as part of the... Read more
Charters Towers Regional Council, Queensland, has awarded Aquatec Maxcon a contract for the design and construction of a Water Treatment Plant with the output capacity of 300 L/sec, ~21 ML/day. Aquatec Maxcon offered a solution for the upgrade project using conventional... Read more
The Board of Aquatec Maxcon Pty Ltd has announced that Mr Peter George Ferrando has been appointed to the position of Managing Director starting on 5th February 2018. Peter has over 25 years’ experience in the construction Industry, including 17... Read more
Congratulations to our latest ten employees who have attained a Certificate IV in Work Health and Safety (WHS). The Aquatec Maxcon Group is commited to workplace health and safety and promoting a safety culture of continual improvement. One of our most successful... Read more
TasWater has awarded Aquatec Maxcon a contract to upgrade both Digester No.1 and No.2 at the Ti Tree Bend Sewage Treatment Plant in Launceston, Tasmania. The project will provide improved public health and environmental compliance, whilst ensuring reliable service delivery... Read more
19 January 2018. Aquatec Maxcon Group strengthened its relationship with Ipswich City Council by hosting a visit by His Worship the Mayor, Cr Andrew Antoniolli and Senior Advisor Ben Hayward, at the Aquatec Maxcon Group head office in Wulkuraka. After Aquatec... Read more
On Saturday 4th November, Aquatec Maxcon Group was announced as the winner of Business of the Year at the 2017 City of Ipswich Business Awards, presented by the Ipswich Chamber of Commerce and Industry. There were over 450 nominations across nine... Read more
01 November 2017. The Yarra Valley Water (Aquatec Maxcon delivered) Waste to Energy plant won the Banksia Foundation National Sustainability Award for ‘Leadership in the Circular Economy’. The Banksia foundation promotes sustainability excellence and the awards are regarded as the most... Read more
are specialists in high quality general fabrication including fabrication of potable water & waste water treatment plants, pressure vessels, power station, mining industry, concrete batching and material handling equipment
was established to meet the demand for more expert operation and maintenance of water and waste treatment plants.
comprises a team of fully qualified professional engineers, cryogenic veterans, and fabrication specialists, providing innovative solutions to the liquified gases market for over 45 years.
I love beautiful music and good sound! And of course-same girls! Everything is tasty, I always leave it to the finals!!
Favorite styles: Big Room House, Deep House, Deep Techno, Disco, Disco House, Drum & Bass, Dutch House, Electro, Electro House, Future House, G-House, House, Nu Disco, Pop, Progressive House, Soulful House, Tech House, Trap, Twerk, Vocal House
The main part of the PR formula is your vote. For Alex Shantal to get your vote, click on the arrow near the number.
You can note that you are a fan by clicking on a star — in this case Alex Shantal receive a bóigger PR.
Additionally, you can also add them to friends and observe in the section Wazzup every action of Alex Shantal.
Magnificent actor, charismatic nature! The charm and faultless musical taste it irreversibly and for a long time will subdue public. Deservedly enters TOP 100 of the best DJs of Russia and the CIS countries (according to promodj.com). For the career changed in many foreign clubs (Egypt, Thailand, China, India-GOA), in various clubs of Moscow, such as: "ZONA", "DEFILE", "LOOKIN ROOMS", "LYoD", "ARKA" "ALL THE", "RODEO BAR", "WUNDER BAR", "PERSONA GRATA", "STARIKI BAR", "SMOKE ME", "THE PODWALL"," ALL-TIME BAR", "TODA’N’CE BAR", "BARCELONA", and also in various clubs of regions of the country.
Today is the ART director and the resident of "KANDI Restobar", a resident of night clubs of "Baccara" and "Astra" (Bangkok, Thailand), Play Hall Bar (Moscow), Toda'N'Ce Bar (Moscow), Dirizhabl Cafes verandahs (Lyubertsy), the EX resident country the VIP of Aivengo club (Podolsk) (is closed). Participant of various international JapanFest exhibitions, Nismo-parade. Official DJ Nismo Club Russia. Numerous prize-winner and winner of various DJ’s Battle. Length of service in clubs of Moscow, Russia and the neighboring countries more than 7 years.
The Alex Shantal project, proved in Asia. Alex Shantal the frequent guest of actions in Vietnam, Thailand, India, China, Sri Lanka and Indonesia. Appeared on one stage with such DJs and actors as: David Gueta, Timati, L'One (BlackStar Ink.), DJ Smash, Pasha Lee, Dima Young, DJ Shtopor, Tivoli, Oleg Petroff, DJ Lars, DJ Efremov, Relanium and many others.
Friendship very welcome! many successes with creativity and at parties and dance floors, my support with PR+248 and very warm greetings from BARILOCHE CITY (((ARGENTINA))) ++)))d((=_+))b(((++
The main part of the PR formula is your vote. For Kayla' Caryapadas to get your vote, click on the arrow near the number.
You can note that you are a fan by clicking on a star — in this case Kayla' Caryapadas receive a bóigger PR.
Additionally, you can also add them to friends and observe in the section Wazzup every action of Kayla' Caryapadas.
A: You should confirm your payment as soon as you have made your payment through our contact lines (e-mail / SMS / Messaging Apps).
A: We will ship the package next day after we received and verified your payment. We will ship the package during local Indonesia office hours only. Local Indonesia office hours are Monday – Friday 9am - 7pm (GMT+7), Saturday 9am - 2pm (GMT+7).
A: Delivery time depends on the situations and conditions at the destination area. Normally it takes 5-15 days to deliver between countries (exclude custom clearance process).
The TIE/sa bomber, also known as the TIE bomber, was a bombing variant of the TIE line used by the Flat Print Tiki Women's Fiona Grey Funky Sanuk 6Wqxfwzgtc, and was their main source of anti-emplacement air-support.
The TIE/sa bomber was specifically designed by Sienar Fleet Systems for use in the military of the Flat Print Tiki Women's Fiona Grey Funky Sanuk 6Wqxfwzgtc. A model of light bomber, it was part of the TIE line of starfighters,Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn distinguished by their Slip ons Sty Flat Fangsto 1 Slipper Silver Loafers Leather Women's Shoes 0Zxwx8Yq and solar collector panels.Comfort Casual Flats Women Black Shoes Wedge Slip Yzhyxs 11 Sneakers Platform On xf1zpwxYHq The bomber measured 7.9 meters long, 10.6 meters wide, and 5.4 meters high.Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn In keeping with the Empire's preference for muted colors,[10] it was painted a bluish gray.Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn
Like the TIE Advanced x1 prototype, the TIE/sa bomber had inclined wings, which maximized its speed and maneuverability while carrying mass of heavy ordnance. Unlike the other models in the TIE line, the bomber had not one but two central pods: a starboard cockpit for the pilot and a portside ordnance bay for the munitions. The cockpit featured two forward-mounted laser cannons, the standard transparisteel viewport, and an ejector seat in case a pilot on a distant bombing run needed to abandon ship.Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn
The ordnance bay was divided into two sections. The forward ordnance bay carried either eight concussion missiles or four proton torpedoes. The main ordnance bay carried either four proton torpedoes and eight concussion missiles, or eight proton bombs and sixty-four thermal detonators, or six orbital minesDash Dream Whimsy Girls Sneaker Skechers pink Velcro Girl lavender Black Strap N' Kids waxHI, or even stormtroopers. Located underneath the ordnance pod was a bomb chute connected to the ship's targeting systems, a Elysian Ugg Fashion W Coconut Shell Women's Boot qArAxER targeting computer and a 398X bomb sight. The pod also featured a missile port that allowed for front-launching and torpedoes.Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn The ordnance bay could also be swapped for a passenger cabin with room for six.[5]
TIE bombers were a main source of anti-emplacement, anti-trap air support for the Empire.[11] They often served in the first line of attack, and Star Destroyer captains liked to send them out to carpet bomb and weaken large targets like capital ships in space or buildings on the ground.Fashion Mesh Natural Women's Mini Sneaker Chillax Eyelet Keds vqxg16OXwn
A decade after the rise of the Empire, one was deployed by the Imperial-class Star Destroyer Ultimatum in order to attack the mobile refinery Forager used by the corrupt Count Denetrius Vidian.[12]
Three years before the Battle of Yavin, TIE/ sa bombers were being launched from a Quasar Fire-class cruiser-carrier above Ryloth to attack Cham Syndulla's rebel cell. When the Lothal rebel cell attacked, trying to capture the carrier, most of the TIE bombers were shot down by the rebels, who were manning gun stations on the carrier.[5]
At least one was present aboard the Death Star during the Battle of Yavin.[13] After the Battle of Hoth, they were sent to flush the Millennium Falcon out from the asteroid field it was hidden in.[6]
Emperor Kylorin, ruler of the Patrian empire at the dawn of the Age of Magic, was given the secret of magic by the fallen Angel Ceridwen in exchange for his fealty. Originally Angel of the Stars, Ceridwen was cast from heaven by the One God to become the Angel of Magic and ruler of a domain binding the Seven Hells together. Kylorin trained 21 apprentices in the secrets of magic. Many of these turned their power to evil purposes. Ultimately Kylorin renounced Ceridwen and prayed to Nantosuelta, Goddess of Faith, for redemption. The civil war that followed fragmented the Patrian empire into many smaller kingdoms. The Age of Magic ended with the summoning of Mulcarn by the Illians, heralding the beginning of the Age of Ice.
It is said Kylorin lived for over 1,000 years. During his incredibly long life he sired many hundreds of children, all of which inherited his divine gift for magic. Those with the ‘Blood of Kylorin’ often become great Sorcerers, though some never discover or learn to control their latent power. Kylorin eventually became the greatest hero in history by wielding the Godslayer to banish Mulcarn and end the Age of Ice. The mythical archmage/prophet disappeared from creation in the cataclysm that followed. Followers of both Ceridwen and Nantosuelta claim the legendary hero for their own, but in truth no one knows where his spirit now resides.
Mana ‘nodes’ occurring naturally throughout Arcanearth are harnessed by the most powerful magicians of level 9 and higher (Adepts, Mages, Archmages) to make their specific type of magical energy available to members of their order or guild, and to cast earth-shaking strategic spells (see World Rituals, below). Guilds are typically but not always associated with one of the empires of Arcanearth (human, elven, dwarven, gnomish, humanoid, demonic, angelic or otherwise). Clerics and Druids can also cast World Rituals, but gain the required mana from their deity rather than from mana nodes.
At level 9 (Arcane:Adept or Divine:High Priest ), Clerics, Druids and Magicians (Wizard/Sorcerer/Warlock) gain the ability to cast strategic spells able to affect hundreds of individuals or large areas of Arcanearth many miles across. At 13th level (Mage or Ecclesiast), the 2nd rank of world rituals become available. At 17th level (Archmage or Prophet), the 3rd and final rank is attained.
While the effects of these spells on any one individual might be minor, collectively they make the most powerful magicians, clerics or druids a force to be reckoned with during the clash of armies. World Rituals are divided into three ranks: 1st, 2nd and 3rd. World rituals are associated with a mana type and REQUIRE access to that mana type in order to be cast.
For Wizards, Warlocks and Sorcerers, each world ritual requires it’s own dedicated spell book and must be learned just as with normal spells, though the physical book is not required to cast the spell. Clerics and Druids prepare their world rituals through meditation and commune with deities. One spell from each ritual rank can be prepared at a given time. Thus, an Adept or Acolyte (level 9-12) can prepare a single 1st rank ritual, a Mage or HIgh Priest (level 13-16) one each of 1st and 2nd rank, and an Archmage or Prophet (level 17+) three total rituals spells, one from each rank.
Casting a world ritual requires a full day per rank (1-3 days) and renders the caster weak and vulnerable for the same amount of time afterward. No activity can be performed during casting or recovery, including combat, travel, spells or skill use, or the spell casting or recovery is delayed by a full day per interruption.
Ritual spell ‘slots’ are recovered at the rate of 1 per ‘long rest’, +1 week of study, prayer, meditation or commune per spell rank. So recovering all three ranks requires 6 weeks and 3 days. Unlike regular spells, lower level rituals cannot be cast using higher level slots. When recovering, studying or preparing world rituals, no other spells can be known, prepared, recovered or cast: all regular spell slots must remain empty.
- Fair Winds (1st rank: Air): affect winds across a 30 mile area, sufficient to speed friendly fleets on their way or discommode enemy vessels.
- Break Weave (2nd rank: Metamagic): dispel magic in a 90 mile area and prevents manifestation of any lasting magical effect for several weeks or even months (spells with a duration other than ‘Instantaneous’). If this ritual is performed at the site of a mana node it will be cleared back to raw unimproved mana of no specific type. Naturally, those who control a mana node will try to prevent this (ie, you will face a cabal of deadly mages before getting anywhere near the mana node).
- Charm (2nd rank: Mind): ensorcell potentially thousands of vulnerable mortals across a 30 mile area, rendering them unable to attack, though they can still travel and defend. Only non-living, constructs or undead are immune to this world ritual.
- Army of Darkness III (3rd rank: Death): summon an army of powerful wraiths from the realm of death. This ritual spell is also used by evil archmages to achieve immortality as a Lich.
Mage guilds exist throughout the empires of Arcanearth. Each guild maintains a facility of some sort in a specific city, such as a guildhall, apothecary, alchemists laboratory, inn, etc. The most powerful guilds are based in the empire’s capitol, or nearby a source of mana. Guilds controlling a physical mana node always build a keep and tower atop the node. These towers can be huge and often become the primary headquarters of the guild.
Provide mutual security for members and associates. Members of a guild can be identified by runes, tattoos or other tell-tales, usually only visible to fellow guildmembers. All guild members promise to avoid open conflict with their fellows (depending on the guild, intrigues can occur).
Provide accommodations including basic housing for associates and more expansive facilities for full members, such as libraries, research halls, spell components, alchemy labs, etc. Such facilities are required in the creation of even the most basic magic items and it is difficult to find these facilities outside of mage guilds.
Manage mana nodes: convert mana nodes from wild magic to a specific type of magic, harvest and distribute mana energy, and protect mana nodes from attack or misuse. Virtually all sources of mana are controlled by mage guilds. In order to get access to the mana needed for casting World Ritual spells, full membership to a guild with access to that mana is required.
Wizards tend to receive the greatest benefit from guild association, but Sorcerers and Warlocks also join. The types of arcane casters found in a guild is usually proportionate to the casters found in that region. A few small guilds are restricted to only sorcerers or only warlocks. These smaller more specialized guilds usually do not control any mana, or at least not in the form of a physical mana node.
Most guilds allow two forms of membership: ‘associate’ and ‘member’. Associates pay only a nominal fee to gain access to simple accommodations, usually in a common chamber with other junior spellcasters, a basic library, and secure storage of spellbooks, magic items, wealth, scrolls, etc. Full members pay dues averaging around 100gp per level per year.
Thousands of Belgians, angry with government policy, are volunteering to feed and house asylum seekers. “I feel ashamed of my country,” one says.
A United Nations aid convoy on Saturday reached the Rukban refugee camp in Syria, next to the border with Jordan, where thousands of people are stranded in the desert, a member of the camp&rsquo;s
An alleged cover-up of environmental hazards at the Texas Bureau of Prisons' Federal Medical Center for Women has excruciating consequences for a handful of workers. Fort Worth Weekly's Betty Brink reports that maintenance employees were exposed to high doses of lead while remodeling an unused room into a laundry. The old room still had cabinets lined with inch-thick slabs of lead from its previous use: nuclear medicine. Now two of the workers are critically ill, three workers and one inmate have sued in federal court, and the prison is saying it did nothing wrong.
One of the two nice(?) girls who had helped her had pointed her in this direction. Told her they could help. The pessimistic minded woman sincerely doubted, but figured it was worth a shot anyway. At this point, what was the worst that could happen, she ended up in one of Saboro's enemies and was killed on the spot? Boo effing hoo. Sounded great to her.
The chances of that though were slim. Zombies didn't exist. A doctor like herself knew well and effing good that when something was dead, it usually stayed dead, especially when it's ripped apart. Good effing riddance too, honestly. Not that she couldn't shoot a few sour glares at Shadon occassionally when he had begun befriending the flame-wolf. What an idiot. Oh well! At least she didn't have to worry about it now!
So the three-legged, tired, wishing-she-were-dead ghostly gal hobbled her way along. The terrain had grown rocky and colder, but she was thickly furred so it struck her odd that her fur stood on end. She took the temperature drops to just be the change in altitude from a jungle to a plain, or whatever this was. Nevermind that it kept fluctuating.
What she didn't expect to wander into was... a wall. A tall, very high wall. It struck her in the face like an arrow point blank. Whoever lived here wanted no one getting out, why hadn't Saboro built a wall? She gritted her teeth at the thought, and immediately tensed upon sensing someone patrolling.
They were at the wall. All this banter and scurrying, it was short lived once they made it to the wall. The structure that made her cower with uncertainty, and look towards Gemini with curiosity. Was it necessary?
Amen frowned as she recalled Tauro, but let the look linger only for a few extra moments before putting on a smile. She had to let go, but it was so effing hard. It clung to her like a hoard of ticks, sucking away her life's joy, the essence of what made her.. her.
'Hey' came a voice, something soft from the other side. 'Do you know Saboro?' it replied to itself, and she felt her blood run cold. "Zeke!" came her own voice, terror striking her face. "Zeke!!" but no other word could come forth, and all she could do was run.
Right along the wall until she could reach the outside, only to run some more on the other side until she came across.. "It's.. it's you," she gasps, her heavy ears perking as much as they could, her gangly smile coming through. "We.. my brother and I.. we were.. coming to look for you," her tail begins to wag something furious.
"Grandpa hasn't found you yet," she breathes a sigh of relief, but remains on guard and moves herself behind Poltergeist, as if to stand guard from the open wilderness she'd been carried through. "We know about Saboro, our papas are from there. I know about you, miss.. grandma," she glances back, nervous at the name. It didn't occur to her.. at all.. that this demure, smol wolf wasn't.. in fact.. her grandma.. but..
"You're really pretty. He never said that, he never said how pretty you were," she babbles, bashfully.. her ears now pinned back and her tail low, tucking almost between her legs. "We'll escort you in, we'll.. keep you safe, okay? You don't want to go back, right? I won't let them take you back, I promise," but sometimes, you can't keep those promises.
They were at the wall. His pulse started to increase as they neared the entrance, the thought of exploring beyond the confines of Gemini was such a delicious temptation.
Zeke hated the wall, hated the blatant display of cowardice they'd chosen to portray to the outside world. The towering figure stank of fear and paranoia, a neon sign pointing to a group of traitors hiding behind a shield who hoped they wouldn't have to use it one day.
Tauro's death had set into motion a series of events that Zeke was forced to tolerate. Rules were added, security was increased, people had become paranoid. Even so, it irked him like a thorn in his side and he tried his best to ignore it. Sharp golden eyes spotted his sisters frown and he wondered if the sight of the wall made her think of the fallen prince as well. Zeke's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a soft, feminine voice calling from outside. 'Do you know Saboro?' Amen squeaked at him and his brows rose in surprise as he watches how excited she becomes.
Zeke wasn't frightened or excited like his sister, merely curious and at the same time vastly disappointed that their little impromptu road-trip had been cancelled. He'd been looking forward to escaping Gemini for a few days. The dark boy followed his sister at a much slower pace, steps unhurried as he shuffles along sullenly behind Amen. He arrived just in time to hear his sister saying, "We'll escort you in, we'll.. keep you safe, okay? You don't want to go back, right? I won't let them take you back, I promise." Zeke tilted his head slightly as his molten gaze scrutinized the fragile female figure before them.
What a disappointment. He didn't know what he'd been expecting honestly, but it certainly hadn't been this tiny waif of a thing. She was thin and unkempt, her eyes tired and her body sagging with exhaustion. This was the woman his grandfather had chosen as mate? Thank god Zeke had better taste. "Not so fast, sis." He cautioned, narrowing his eyes suspiciously on the white and orange female, the woman he assumed to be his grandmother. "What'cha running from Saboro for? Is anyone following you?" Grandpa Shadon perhaps?
OOC Note: Zeke suffers from Grandiose Delusions and can be edgyunpredictable and very violent. He's a real jerk but I, BB, love everyone <3
A young wolf, grey, purple and white came running up to her. She looked exhausted. Her eyes would squint at the scraggly teeth, but not too much. Suspicion crawled across her skin like fleas at a blood feast.
Her eyes narrowed again, her body tensing with a sudden flight or fight urge- and yet, this girl's disposition was not... threatening. She seemed excited. Why would a search party be excited to find her? Wouldn't they be ready to drag her back to hell and rip her to shreds for her betrayal? Those were the stories she'd always heard, witnessed. Saboro was not excited to see you back once you were out.
"Grandpa hasn't found you yet. We know about Saboro, our papas are from there. I know about you, miss.. grandma,"
Grandpa? Papas? ...Grandma? Her head was spinning. Maybe Amen could tell from the way her expression blanked that she was clearly trying to connect everything in her mind right at that moment. She wasn't a grandma yet, was she? She couldn't recall any of her children taking mates, also... why would they be here? Who could it be? Loa? Pyx? Red? No... they had clearly said Papas. Were any of her sons missing? She couldn't recall. What a horrible mother. Her mind whirled a million miles a minute and after a moment of dumbstruck silence she spoke quickly, "Who are your fathers? How- how do you know who I am?" She, of course, had no idea Shadon had left in search of her. She would skin him alive if she knew. He should know DAMN WELL BETTER then to leave his family and come search for her might-as-well-be-dead ass.
"You're really pretty. He never said that, he never said how pretty you were, we'll escort you in, we'll.. keep you safe, okay? You don't want to go back, right? I won't let them take you back, I promise,"
The little girl babbles almost absently, and as tense, wary, and strung out as the little woman was she couldn't help but feel a pang of something heartwarming- something seeing her own children gave her. This little girl was so brave to face a stranger, to come running up and spilling everything. It was cute. It was endearing. The words she spoke though, God, she couldn't be farther from the truth. Polt closed her eyes for a moment, and let out a deep sigh. She opened them with a glowing warmth in the normally cold, empty eyes she held. "I have to go back." she said softly, a tinge of sadness in her voice, "My children, my family, I can't just--" She was interrupted by the arrival of another, one who looked eerily similar to the girl before her. This one, though, she saw those nubbish horns, that long wispy tail, and it took her breath almost completely away. Those grays, those traits, grandmother? Grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, she had no wandering sons, did she? Grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, had he been unfaithful? Grandmother, grandfather, grandmother, grandfather, no. Her brain swelled with confusion that manifested in a quickly forming headache, as the tip of her tongue seemed to almost solve it for her.
This one seemed more cautious. She also recognized that gaze of his- a familiar gaze she earned from members of Saboro. Doubt. False expectations. What a pitiful Crane. What a pitiful mother. Failure, failure, failure, FAILURE it yelled in her ear. Shut up, she snapped back, I know.
"I'm not running," she replied, "I'm lost." a simple answer for a simple question. "I was almost killed, and unconscious. I met two wolves in the forest. One told me to come here for help. I need to get home, to my children, they aren't safe." Was anyone following her? Not to her knowledge, she thought, but it was possible, "I don't know. I don't know if anyone cares enough." Her family, maybe, but God how she hoped they wouldn't be that stupid.
'Who are your fathers? How- how do you know who I am?' the words of the smol gal brought Amen back down from a very worrisome headspace, and once again she offers a smile. This time, it was less toothy. 'I have to go back.' the woman says, and Amen feels her heart drop. 'My children, my family, I can't just--'
She hears a name, but can't place it- did grandma just say Akki? Was he here? Frantically, she looks around and turns to see.. Zeke.. and his looks given to Polt were regarded with a huff. 'Not so fast, sis,' only made her fur stand on end. Did he not hear her earlier? Did he not recognize that they found what they were looking for? This was a joyous, if not cautious, occassion, but he looked downright.. annoyed. 'What'cha running from Saboro for? Is anyone following you?'
"Zeke!!" Amen snorts, stomping a foot and bristling more. "You can't just ask people why they ran, and I don't smell anyone else out there right now, use your damn head," but if he was sincere about wanting to know if someone was following.. he could've.. No.
This was part of her shennanigans, he was only being dragged along, and it was her responsibility to secure the area. He didn't ask for any duties. With a sigh, she takes a few more steps away and begins looking out over the area, raising her ears once more to listen for any steps closer, but what was the use?
Someone like Akki could slip in undetected, and for the most part, so could Zeke and herself.. she almost expected Shadon to be just as light on his feet as the rest of her family. Her blessing was such a damn curse, too!!
Something about that statement struck her. Hard. Amen recalls her crazy desire to get as far from Gemini as possible, to avoid seeing her sister, her family, the pack itself after loss.. and how she didn't want to admit she was running, how she wouldn't admit her plan to go sniff out Grandma wasn't a plan to run, too. "I guess we're all a little lost," her voice softens to a whisper and her ears droop.
Poltergeist continues with a story, one that stirs more then just sadness within her heart. 'I don't know if anyone cares enough.'
"I care," Amen had taken a deep breath before speaking, exhaling with confidence and her head raised. "I care. You're family. You're our family, and if.. if you're saying we got a lot more family still needing help.." could she do this? Could she face Saboro itself?
"I'll help you get them back, but please.. please stay at least.. a day.. you need to rest, miss, you can't keep wandering. We know where Saboro is-" or the general direction, at least- "I don't know about Zeke here, but.. I'll go with you to get 'em. As long as you promise.. you.. have to promise you're not.. a bad one, like.. him, or.. the others.." and another curse, how she could trust the word of strangers despite all that had been taken by them.
"I'm Amen, this is.. Zeke, our fathers are Akki and Kol Nidre, and you're safe here. We have a lot of siblings, though admittedly.. I haven't seen them in a bit.. I'm a pretty bad sister, but I love them, okay?" she feels herself wanting to break down. "I love them, and they're all good. All of 'em, they're all good in their own way and they'll be so happy to see you, I promise." her gaze fardes to the wall, a stare so full of sadness it trailed into her voice, shaky and solemn. "My word is good, miss.. you're family, and that's all that matters. I won't let 'em take anything else from you."
"Zeke!!" Amen snorted, stomping her foot and bristling. "You can't just ask people why they ran, and I don't smell anyone else out there right now, use your damn head," Golden eyes flashed with barely restrained ire as he gave Amen a dark look. "Oh, I'm sorry, did you want to get murdered by a random stranger?" He lifts a paw to gesture blatantly at the white and orange female, who was- for all intents and purposes -still a complete and total stranger to them, "Just because she looks harmless doesn't mean anything." Harmless was the polite term for what he thought of the frail little woman in front of him. Pathetic would have been closer to the truth but he didn't want to start a fight right now. The only thing they knew about her was that she was from Saboro and that Shadon was looking for her.
"I'm not running," she replied, "I'm lost." Zeke makes a small noise in the back of his throat, a low hum as he considers her answer. "I was almost killed, and unconscious. I met two wolves in the forest. One told me to come here for help. I need to get home, to my children, they aren't safe." There were so many unanswered questions, so many things burning on the tip of his tongue and racing through his mind. Almost killed by who? Shadon? Someone else? What two wolves in the forest had told her to come here? "I guess we're all a little lost," Were there others out there who'd left Gemini, knowing its secrets and its location? If that information fell into the wrong hands.. If Saboro ever found out where they were.. "I don't know. I don't know if anyone cares enough." According to Amen their grandfather Shadon seemed to care a whole lot and Zeke couldn't help but wonder who else might come looking for the little lady.
"I care. You're family. You're our family, and if.. if you're saying we got a lot more family still needing help.." Golden eyes glance back to his sister. Don't, he thinks to himself, don't do it sis. Don't go against Saboro, they'll crush you. "I'll help you get them back," crap, "but please.. please stay at least.. a day.. you need to rest, miss, you can't keep wandering. We know where Saboro is. I don't know about Zeke here," For once the usually mouthy boy was silent as he stared into the abyss, wondering how on earth he'd ended up in this situation. Amen was talking about going to Saboro, just, walking in and taking people. Relatives or not it was effing insane, a suicide mission. Did she think that the Saboroans would just let them waltz in? "but.. I'll go with you to get 'em. As long as you promise.. you.. have to promise you're not.. a bad one, like.. him, or.. the others.." Zeke heaves a heavy, audible sigh. "Cause if ya are, we'd have to kill ya." He grins playfully but his eyes tell them he's not joking one bit.
He'd do anything to protect what little family he had left in Gemini, even if it meant sacrificing some relatives he didn't even know. Couldn't miss what you've never had, right? "I'm Amen, this is.. Zeke, our fathers are Akki and Kol Nidre, and you're safe here." Yes, Amen, lets just give this random person we've never met our entire family history while we're at it shall we? He bit his tongue to keep himself from saying anything as he listened to his sister babble on. "I love them, and they're all good. All of 'em, they're all good in their own way and they'll be so happy to see you, I promise." Well not all of them were good. Corrosion was still a bastard. "My word is good, miss.. you're family, and that's all that matters. I won't let 'em take anything else from you." Zeke couldn't stop himself from rolling his eyes. Amen was just so soft. she was utterly naive and it was her childlike trust for others was that drove him to protect her. But it was hard to protect her when he wanted to throttle her.
"Amen.." He said quietly, after she finally shut up, "We don't even know her name. The only thing we know about her is that she's from Saboro. She could be anybody. She could be a spy come to find out our secrets and weaknesses to report back to Saboro. And even if she's not a spy, what's to stop her from spilling the beans if she goes back to that place and someone threatens her?" His sisters reckless attitude aggravated him to no end(lol what a hypocrite).
Today&apos;s Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the printed newspaper. You can view today&apos;s paper or previous issues.
Madison — A Dane County Jail inmate accused of trying to arrange to have a Madison police officer killed has been formally charged.
A criminal complaint says 20-year-old Alijouwon Watkins tried to have another inmate find someone to kill the officer who had arrested him following a domestic battery incident. The complaint says Watkins wanted the officer killed so she couldn't testify against him in the battery case.
The inmate Watkins talked to went to police with the information. A federal agent posed as a hit man. Prosecutors say Watkins talked to the hit man, known as "Johnny," and told him he had $30 in his jail account he could release to him.
Watkins is charged with conspiracy to commit first-degree intentional homicide and two other counts.
W'r[. , < ; t;:.::, ./ ; ' K. ..,...." t.,.. r ... :,;.... L I' .. .. :::. ,..f .. , I -: ""':. , ;' ' '.. : '.., '<<rl' . ,. ... ., r.;:...'''' ;f; ^ ^ ", ' f ''. ' , o · I ,J '" 'I , f G tj" \ > ' L i (\, ro: 1 1 ! \ ;. , . t '- .... \+.. .. \. : .\ \ Ir. >/ \ . 'í, ., : \\\., J. 'I" > ' '\h t .. :='.l!Þj '" , .. r? -.\ · ,,\\\t\ rr-n \ * l.'t\tt" . ,.. -:. ...'" .": -<<>> - ",- ..... .:.. . . "r,,>: .:. . ,c_: ' e' rence' a Great Adventure 6 to 13 day Caribbean cruises through paradise from $650. For infonnation call your travel agent or 1-800-327-2601. /jj, Wint!jam,,!-er Bar-efOOt!Crtl.BeS LTC po. Box 120, Dept. 38, Miami Beach, FL 33119 ...._ - - - - ----- --- ChefsChoice ð - ., ,)>:o tic }o. j "My reciPe for incredibly sharp knives. . . ChefsChoice. diamond hone™sharpeners' d . Çt · I >" FOOD CRITIC AND COOK BOOK AUTHOR for a store In your area, call Edgecraft Corp (800) 342-3255 WATERING CAN POSy PIN STRAIGHT from the garden our sterling silver watering can holds fresh or drted flowers ": 1.5" $42 PPd. Catalog $2. Williamsburg erchants D (800) 545-4556 223 Parkway Dnve Williamsburg, VA 23185 SILVERS.\1lTHS Contemporary Italian Cuisine 01le of C/llCtlgO'S top 20 re tallrants & "olltstalltling" - Zagat SllrVe)' Trattoria No. 10 10 North Dearborn Chicago, IL 60602 (312) 984-1718 45 LETTER. FR.OM B05NIA THE AGE OF THE PARASTATE Five years of quagmire in the Balkans has allowed the rise of a lethal new order. It cannot make peace because it is designed to make war. BY MI5HA GLENNY ';." ------......-- '- ;:\".". '-;..;;ij.;o- . ..: , Parastatehood' a Muslim boy runs for cover from sniper fire. T HE violent disintegration ofYu- goslavia has given many things to the world. It has reminded us that European values need not mean tolerance, culture, and afRuence-they can also entail brutality, primitivism, and misery. It has enriched our political vocabulary, seemingly forever, with the phrase "ethnic cleansing." In constitu- tional terms, the Yugoslav breakup has given rise to something much more opaque yet perhaps just as important. That is the "parastate," a remarkable phenomenon that has triumphed in the mountainous territory that until five years ago was the Socialist Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina. The parastate emerges as the mutant offspring of an expiring failed state. If Tito's Yugoslavia could be compared to a normal human being, albeit a bit wob- bly in the knees, its children are a bunch of youthful George Romero extras, in varying stages of decay-an arm lopped off here, an eye squeezed out of its socket there. Boasting certain essential attributes of a normal state but gro- tesquely lacking in others, the parastate has found fruitful conditions for its de- velopment in those regions of Europe that made up the farthest outreaches of the early modern empires. The ghastly side of European history has attained its apotheosis in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where the continent's three great impe- rial religions met: Roman Catholicism, the confessional tool of the Austro- Hungarian Empire; Eastern Ortho- doxy, whose guardian was Muscovy; and Islam, sponsored by the Ottoman Empire. Seventy-five years after the col- lapse of the imperial system, a replace- ment for it is still being sought. But too many peoples are scrambling to estab- lish nation -states on too small a patch of land. The peoples are the Serbs, the Mus- lims, and the Croats. After Tito died, in 1980, the Yugoslav government was in- creasingly decentralized. This provoked a struggle for influence between the most westerly republic, Slovenia, which sought greater autonomy, and Serbia, Q whose aim was to maintain a centralized Yugoslavia. To strengthen Serbia's po- sition, Slobodan Milosevic, formerly a loyal Communist Party hack, unleashed the demon of Serb nationalism. In Cro- Ll.J atia, which borders Slovenia, the major- ity Croats responded in the spring of Ô
126 and concealment, this was the poetry of her existence. Her crudeness was the most distinguishing force in her life, lent her life its distinction. What was she otherwise? What was he other- wise? She was his last link with another world, she and her great taste for the impermissible. As a teacher of estrange- ment from the ordinary, he had never trained a more gifted pupil; instead of being joined by the contractual they were in- terconnected by the instinc- tual and together could erot- icize anything (except their spouses). Each of their mar- riages cried out for a counter- marriage in which the adulterers at- tack their feelings of captivity. Didn't she know a marvel when she saw one? He was badgering her so relentlessly because he was fighting for his life. She not merely sounded as though she were fighting for hers but she looked it, looked as though she and not his mother were the ghost. During the last six months or so Drenka had been suffering from abdominal pains and nausea, and he wondered now if they were not symptoms of the anxiety that had been mounting in her as she ap- proached the day in May that she had chosen to present this crazy ultimatum. Until today he had tended to account for her cramps and the occasional bouts of vomiting as the result of the pressures at the inn. Having been at the job for over twenty-three years, she was herself not surprised by the toll the work was now taking on her health. ''You have to know food," she lamented wearily, "you have to know the law, you have to know every aspect of life there is. This hap- pens in this business, Mickey, when you have to serve the public all the time- you become a burnt-out case. And Matija still cannot be flexible. This rule, that rule-but the smarter thing is to accommodate the people where you can instead of to say always no. If I could just get a break from the bookkeeping part of It. If I could get away from the staff part of it. Our older staff, they are people full of problems all their lives. The people who are married, the housekeep- ers, the dIshwashers, you can know from the way they behave something is go- ing on that has nothing to do with us. They bring in what's going on outside. And they never go to Matija to tell him what's wrong. They go to me, because I'm the easier one. Every summer he is go- ing, going, going, and I'll say, 'So-and- So did this, did that,' and Matija says to me, Why do you always bring me these problems? Why don't you tell me something pleasant!' Well, because I'm upset by what's going on. To have these kids on the staff I can't take any more kids. They don't know shit from Adams. So I wind up doing their job on the floor, like I'm the kid. Trays all over the place. I clean up. Carrying trays. A busgirl. It builds up, Mickey. If we had our son with us. But Matthew thinks the business is stupid. And sometimes I don't blame him. We have a million dollars' worth of liability in- surance. Now I have to get another mil- lion dollars. We are advised to do this. The dock in the water at the inn's beach that everybody enjoys? The insurance company says, 'Don't do that anymore. Somebody's going to hurt themselves.' So the good things you would like to provide to the American public, they will just get you in trouble. And now- f" computers. W HEN, while he was fucking Drenka up at the Grotto, his mother hovered just above his shoulder, over him like the home-plate umpire peering in from behind the catcher's back, he would wonder if she had somehow popped out ofDrenka's cunt the moment before he entered it, if that was where his mother's spirit lay curled up, patiently awaiting his appearance. Where else should ghosts come from? Unlike Drenka, who seemed for no reason to have been seized by the taboos, his tiny dynamo of a mother was now beyond all taboos-she could be on the lookout for him anywhere, and wherever she was he could detect her as though there were something super- natural about him as well, as though he transmitted a beam of filial waves that bounced off his invisible mother's pres- ence and gave him her exact location. Either that, or he was going crazy. One way or another, he knew she was about a foot to the right of Drenka's blood- drained face. Perhaps she was not only listening to hIs every word from there, perhaps every provocatIve word he spoke she had a puppeteer's power to make him speak. It might even be she who THE NEW YORKER, JUNE 26 & JULY 3, 1995 was leading him to the disaster of los- ing the only solace he had. Suddenly his mother's focus had changed and, for the first time since 1944, the living son was more real to her than the dead one. The final kink, thought Sabbath, searching the dilemma for a solution- the final kink is for the libertines to be faithful. Why not tell Drenka, "Yes, dear, I'll do it"? Drenka had dropped in exhaustion onto the large granite outcropping near the center of the enclosure where they some- times sat on beautiful days like this one .I eating the sandwiches she'd brought in her knapsack. There was a wilted bouquet at her feet, the first wildflowers of the spring, there from when she'd plucked them the week before while tramping up through the woods to meet him. Each year she taught him the names of the flowers, in her language and in his, and from one year to the next he could not remember even the English. For nearly thirty years Sabbath had been exiled in these mountaIns, and still he could name hardly anything. They didn't have this stuff where he came from. All these things growing were beside the point there He was from the shore. There was sand and ocean, horiwn and sky, day- time and nighttime-the light, the dark, the tide, the stars, the boats, the sun, the mists, the gulls. There were the jetties, the piers, the boardwalk, the booming, silent, limitless sea. Where he grew up they had the Atlantic. You could touch with your toes where America began. They lived in a stucco bungalow two short streets from the edge of America. The house. The porch. The screens. The icebox. The tub. The linoleum. The broom. The pantry. The ants. The sofa. The radio. The garage. The outside shower with the slatted wooden floor Morty had built and the drain that al- ways clogged. In summer, the salty sea breeze and the dazzling light; in Sep- tember, the hurricanes; in January, the storms. They had January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, Decem- ber. And then January. And then again January, no end to the stockpile ofJanu- aries, of Mays, of Marches. August, De- cember, April-n4ffie a month, and they had it in spades. They'd had endlessness. He'd grown up on endlessness and his mother-in the beginning they were the same thing. His mother, his mother, his
The new terms say that due to budget cuts the embassy is no longer able to pay medical, laundry or food costs associated with Assange's stay.
Clip it stimulates your children's creativity and motor skills, while raising their awareness of environmental issues. 90 % of the game is made out of plastic bottle caps you already own (soda, water, milk, juice...). We provide the 'key' to assemble caps of all sizes, and form beautifully crafted figures.
We buy plastic caps from our charity partner (www.bouchonsdamour.com) and we recycle them into clips. The game is then packaged and distributed by local Support and Work Assistance Establishments. Users collect caps at home, and combine them using our clips. Once the child has lost interest in the game, he or she can donate it back to the same charity......initiating a vertuous cycle.
* Upcycling is a way of reusing our waste directly, saving the energy cost of recycling. Get involved and publish your clip it creations on our Pinterest page!
The model printed on the back of this box gets your creativity startled for Christmas. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page The model printed on the back of this...
Intended for educational structures, this box contains 400 clips to let around 8 kids play simultaneously. The "Turtle" model printed on the back of the box gets your creativity startled. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page Intended for educational structures,...
100 copies limited edition. The model printed on the back of this box is an original creation from french Artist Koralie (www.koralie.com) Collect your caps, clip them together and complete your Art model with the included signed cap :) Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page. 100 copies limited edition. The model...
The "Owl" model printed on the back of this box gets your creativity startled. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page The "Owl" model printed on the back...
The "flower" model printed on the back of this box gets your creativity startled. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page The "flower" model printed on the...
The "Butterfly" model printed on the back of this box gets your creativity startled. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page The "Butterfly" model printed on the...
Intended for educational structures, this box contains 800 clips to let up to 20 kids play simultaneously. The "parrot" model printed on the back of the box gets your creativity startled. Collect your caps... and Clip it! Join the Clip it community and share your creations on our facebook page Intended for educational structures,...
Fight against the alien invasion, save our planet and kill them all, take care of the big ones, two hits and you are killed.
Description An addicting Desi racing game. Race to reach the finishing point before timer runs out. Instructions Select a Cycle Rickshaw. Each cycle is faster than its previous one. Use up arrow to accelerare and left or right arrows to turn. Collect coins to earn more.
Description Become a Shaolin Master in this highscore action-reflex game with beautiful graphics and addicting gameplay! Instructions Tap in the left or right part of the screen to strike back the stars! Survive as long as possible and submit your score to see who is the best Sha [...]
Description Different clored objects are falling from the top of the screen. To vaporize them, get 3 or more of same colored objects in a row ertically or diagonally. Instructions
Description Protect the M-35 Ship from the alien menace by using the power of gravity to pull asteroids from space and launch them at the hordes of flesh hungry aliens. Instructions Click on an asteroid to grab it, while still holding down the mouse button, you can drag the aster [...]
Description Futuristic 3D racer on worm-hole ended tracks. Pick up power boosts and weapons. Deploy missiles and heat-seeking missiles against your opponents to earn points to upgrade the ship you chose. Instructions WASD/Arrow keys. Spacebar to deploy weapons. Shift skips the up [...]
Description Fantastic arcade for fun and relax. Instructions Use mouse pointer to aim and fire. Click and hold to increase shot’s power. Try to bring down as much targets as possible using 5 shots per level.
Description You are the only employee at Gazzoline Filling Station. Your mission is to attend your client quickly to get more money and create the ultimate gas filling station. Thanks to Kongregate for the sponsorship Instructions Use your mouse to click on the objects.
Description Take your heroic minor and help him develop into the kingdom’s most glorious hero.. Get a job, go to school, rebuild the village and raid dungeons for their untold riches.. Will you ultimately be a hero, or simply a zero? Instructions Use the mouse to navigate m [...]
Description Think you are good with numbers? Put your skills to the test. Instructions Use the Right arrow key to indicate a true statement and the Left arrow key to indicate a false statement. Be aware of the reverse trap!
Description Web Icons Attack is based on the old SNES game Tetris Attack, a puzzle where you must combine the icons in a creative way to achieve high scores. Instructions Arrow Keys or WASD for move. Space or X to change icons.
Description GamesNovel – Now develop the games for clients at low price. contact us through gamesnovel@gmail.com Instructions Find 3 or more ‘diamond’ which are similar and click them. Finish the target within the given time duration else you lose the game. Comp [...]
Description it’s a sunny day in daymare town. Well, as sunny as it gets in daymaretown. So it’s kind of cloudy, as usual. This does not stop the girl from flying her kite. It’s just those pesky fog birds are trying to bring that kite down. Instructions use mouse [...]
Description This is a lovely kid friendly school jigsaw puzzle. It has 16, 49 or 81 puzzles, how fast can you solve it? Instructions Use the mouse to drag the pieces.
Description Infiltrate deep into enemy strongholds and blow up their supplies! 4 unique classes each with their own abilities like invisibility and super speed, over 20 achievements, and custom difficulty settings! Become the best player and have your name and score displayed on [...]
Description Your master sends you to his ultimate ninjutsu training, dodge the rocks and survive as long as you can! Instructions
Description Remove all tiles from 3D constructions made with Mahjong tiles. Instructions Click on 2 of the same tiles to remove them, rotate your view with the mouse.
Description These images are captured by a soldier, who took part in various wars. He has tried to c [...]
Description The humans are all dead!!! Only zombies are alive who have now turned on each other for [...]
Description In the game of The Werewolf Diaries time is working against you as the skulls slowly mov [...]
Description A classic fun arcade game whereby you have 30 seconds to shoot as many of the floating t [...]
Description Eyes are staring at you! The blocks have influenced your screen and you want to get rid [...]
Description This is a fun skill game for girls. Use your mouse to click the sun and make different c [...]
Description He becomes legend, he begins as blue archer. Then he becomes famous and changed him self [...]
Description 60 Second Buffet is much faster paced version of Webby’s fly grabbing action desig [...]
Description Classical Scholar House Escape is a new room escape point and click game by flash512. Su [...]
Description Collect the maximum number of gems before your strength becomes zero. Instructions The a [...]
Description The current names of the discovered chemical elements are hidden in the grid. Find them [...]
I've been struggling with OS X Mail app for some time now. The Mail app is fast, simple, quick and fun to work with. It is so much more than the other bloated mail client apps.
However, there is this annoying issue with sending image attachments to anyone who is not using Mail app (gmail, yahoo, outlook, thunderbird,...). The images always end up inlined and the result is that the people who receive my emails get this little tiny image without options and need to do extra work to see the image. Also a lot of those people are not tech savvy so they quickly lose patience and move on. The solution is to disable image inlining.
I've tried every possible combination to disable image inlining with options and defaults but without any luck. Google searches didn't provide much except that other people are having the same problem. As good old Attachment Tamer stopped working there was no other way than to code one.
So.. I have waited for OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) hoping that this annoyance will go away. It did not. I finally ran Xcode and wrote this tiny plugin that forces images not to inline.
Also, I have only tested it on Yosemite so I would appreciate feedback on any older OS X versions, thanks!
Would like to thank you. Been having this problem myself and this seems to have solved it. Thank you very much!
Unfortunately when I add text to a mail (for example singature) next to an image, it is not seen as an attachement in Outlook.
Sadly didn't help on Mail v. 6.6 (1510) on OSX 10.8.5 (12F45). Installed plugin, restarted mail. Have noticed the following is true even prior to installing this plugin: As long as there is nothing else added to the body of the message except a single image, it will be the correct size for the recipient. However, if you anything else to the body of the message (text, another image, etc), it fails. You end up with the wierdly skewed inline picture(s). I have been fighting with this Mac Mail bug for a few years and just use a webmailer if I need to send any photos.
Would also like to thank you. I have latest version of Yosemite and this plugin works perfectly. There are another dozen people I have sent this to who are also very very grateful.
Perhaps my signature was forcing the email to be sent in a certain format that defeated the plugin...
But that did not help the main issue: after I installed Yosemite my images were not received by the customers using Outlook. Lets listen how it goes now.
It's not so happy with 10.11.1 Beta (15B38b) at the moment ... presume an updated version will become available once the OS moves out of Beta?
I'd been self flagellating without attachment tamer for the last year or so (lots of signatures with apologies and explanations about my image attachments.)
This is the only solution that works. Ignore all the Apple fanboys copying that one CLI command around, who can't even distinguish between viewing an email vs. sending one.
Comment by rTu5oM Incredible points. Sound arguments. Keep up the amazing effort. on 15 November 2015 9:30 pm
That worked! Too well. I forgot that I have an image in my E-mail signature that I want displayed and not an attachment. How do I revert back to the original Mail settings?
Ideal! Have been looking for a solution for an age honestly. However before I go ahead with purchase, I only have one qualm. My signature which is a pdf is also turning into an icon. Is there anyway I can remedy this?
This bug, or "feature," has been annoying me for some time now. I'm grateful you found, and posted, a way around it! Apple should take note, and hire you ;-)
This plugin is now an essential part of my business communications. It seems like Apple is more and more frequently removing functionality from its products. Thanks to Clive, I can now send image file attachments directly from Mail, and differentiate them from my email signature image file. This saves me time I formerly spent switching between Mail and my Web email server.
Is it possible to choose a text string for the signature image. You have it set to "email-signature"- we use a company logo which usually has "logo" in the file name. If easy to setup you could have as user input like *logo*.
Worked like a charm. I'm using El Capitan 10.11.4. Thanks SO much! When will they just fix Mac Mail to act like every other email client?? Odd.
Great Job Clive. Thank you so much for doing this. Such a simple problem not addressed by Apple's ignorance. works like a dream.
Looks like the perfect replacement for Attachment Tamer which worked perfectly before I upgraded the OS. Nearly had a fit when i got a message saying Attachment Tamer could not be used after I upgraded. Many, many thanks.
THANK YOU SO MUCH! I have been searching for a replacement for Attachment Tamer, and now I've found it. I thank you and all my PC and Outlook recipients thank you. No more getting cursed out for my inline attachments :)
This is so cool. Thank you. It was a big problem with Apple mail and one of the reasons I was thinking of shifting from it.
looking for a replacement to Attachment Tamer I found your plugin. I'm running Sierra 10.12.6 and Mail 10.3, and Mail tells me the plugin is incompatible. Any ideas how to fix this?
Equine Photography Horse Photos and Equestrian Stock Images by Shawn Hamilton of Toronto, On | Professional Equestrian Photography quality Equine Images of horses by Ontario based Equestrian Photographer
Copyright © 2018 Equine Photography Horse Photos and Equestrian Stock Images by Shawn Hamilton of Toronto, On . All Rights Reserved.
This property (MLS# 09852522 - Northern Illinois MLS) is not available and may not be listed in the MLS.
CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin let out an audible gasp on the air on Tuesday after a Border Patrol agent revealed the reality of the situation at the U.S.-Mexico border in excruciating detail. Baldwin first pressed National Border Patrol Council spokesman Chris Cabrera on why there were “delays” for immigrants seeking asylum in the United States. […]
You can still stay in the group chat while chatting one on one with other p Chat members. Come to socialize and meet new people with our online chat rooms!
Pakistan&rsquo;s new premier Imran Khan has vowed to give citizenship to some Afghan refugees and Bengali immigrants, officials confirmed Monday, granting rights to many who have lived in the country
The discovery of the bodies of the migrants in 2015 became a turning point in the European Union’s disorganized response to the refugee crisis.
The American taxpayer is paying for refugee housing and for anyone with Temporary Protected Status too? This is outrageous and it’s even more outrageous that these people are suing the feds! Aren’t they lucky they’re even in America and not sitting in a squalid tent in some field? The refugee program in America has become […]
A recently retired State Department Official Mary Doetsch that worked under President Obama and Hillary Clinton just came forward in a whistleblower report in the Chicago Tribune on the rampant corruption in the refugee program! And they wonder why Republicans want reform in the refugee program and enhanced border security. It is simply to counter the […]
The Supreme Court decided that they would dismiss all lawsuits against President Donald Trump’s executive order that banned refugee admissions. This was also the same day that the administration made the announcement that it would start re-admitting refugees under an entirely different and new screening process, as reported by ABC News. A great win for […]
Muslim refugees invaded a public park and kicked out “Christian” mothers and their children. That’s bad enough. But what’s got local residents truly concerned is what police officers who responded to the scene had to say about the situation. From Breitbart: A children’s park in the eastern German town of Ebersdorf has been taken over by […]
Anne Mahlum grew up in Florida, the daughter of Hulda and Dick Muhlum. She graduated Fort Walton Beach High School in 2004. She attended the University of Alabama and graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance in 2008; in 2009, Anne received her Master;s Degree in Financial Engineering. Upon her graduation, Anna began working for SunTrust Corporation in Atlanta.
Anne had a great love for traveling and planned a trip to Barcelona, Spain with her long time friend, Leah. They arrived in Barcelona on September 1, 2010. Prior to her trip, Anne had been feeling run down. She began to feel worse upon her arrival in Barcelona. Anne spent the first few days in her hotel room, fighting flu like symptoms Leah took Anne to the hospital on September 4, 2010 where she was immediately admitted.
Anne’s doctors struggled to determine was exactly was wrong with Anne, but in the meantime, she was put in a drug induced coma and on a ventilator. Anne’s parents, Hulda and Dick Muhlum, traveled immediately to Barcelona and stayed by their daughter’s side. Anne’s physicians finally diagnosed her with Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS). Anne had dialysis, was on ECMO for over 40 days, and her physicians placed her in a trial for Mesenchymal Stem Cell for lung regeneration.
Although Anne’s parents, family, and the wonderful medical professionals in Barcelona did everything within their power to fight for Anne, on October 25, 2010, twenty four year old Anne Muhlum lost her battle with ARDS.
Dick and Hulda, who live in Florida, do not want their daughter’s passing to be for naught. They are vigilant in their passion to make sure that important and relevant medical research continues into Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome. To join Team Anne and ARDS Foundation and make a difference in the fight against ARDS, make your donations for medical research.
A Municipality plans to build a Courthouse, a City Hall, and a Town Square on the site, with parking to serve the new buildings.
·	Locate the Town Square within the building limit lines so that the drop off entrance to the Court House and City Hall are blocked from the Town Square.
·	Locate the universally accessible parking spaces within 100 ft of the main entrance of the Courthouse.
·	The intersection of the access drive with the street must be perpendicular to the street for at least the first 20 ft of the drive.
10.	Provide only one 24 ft wide curb cut located no closer than 120 ft from the intersection of the centerlines of the two existing public streets.
12.	Connect the Town Square, the universally accessible parking spaces, and the main entrances of the two buildings to each other and to the existing public walk with a continuous walkway system.
·	No construction or built improvements of any kind shall occur over any other existing site feature.
·	No construction or built improvements of any kind shall occur outside the building limit line except for direct vehicular and pedestrian access.
Personality Summary: Quiet, intelligent elf. Not much is known about him as he tends to keep to himself. Has very strong diplomatic skills.
Family: Sister named Ilthania, Blood Knight stationed in Silvermoon City. Half-Brother named Emon, whereabouts unknown.
Knights in armour, robots and lasers: Ford is first to fully automate process that helps make all-new Focus safest yet
The first driver duo has been confirmed for the debut of the GTI R5 – Volkswagen will compete at the Rally Spain (25 –...
On the website you can find the most important news from the world of Formula 1, WRC, MotoGP, Formula E.
The Club Spokane Dodgers were founded in 2001 for the serious player looking for a more competitive and rigorous baseball program. The original players were all 12 years old at the time. Since then the Dodgers have evolved from a select-level travel club into a tight knit group of players and parents that we like to call the Dodger family. One of our mottos is "once a Dodger...always a Dodger."
The Dodgers 18U club is managed by Jeff Simmelink with Ryan Simmelink, CJ Perry, Andy Seaman, and Shane Steele as assistant coaches.
The coaches are serious about developing our players into being good citizens and conducting themselves appropriately both on and off the field. The lessons learned with the Dodgers will prepare our players to be future leaders in their communities. Club Spokane encourages the players to pursue other competitive high school sports, activities, and hobbies as a way to develop the complete student athlete.
(Coeur d'Alene, ID) On Tuesday, July 21, 2015 the Dodgers lost a family member. Reggie Nault drowned on lake Coeur d'Alene while boating with friends.
Reggie joined the Dodgers in 2015 and was a catcher, infielder, and outfielder on the 18U team. He was an energetic player who played the game with passion. His future was very bright and he was already excelling at the 18U level as a high school sophomore. His engaging personality and caring nature made him popular with everyone around the program.
Words cannot describe the sadness this has brought upon the Dodger community. We will pull together and help each other get through this difficult time.
The Dodger Family extends our support and prayers towards Reggie's Family during this difficult time.
The German chancellor can save her open-door policy, but she’ll have to spend billions on a pay-offLast summer Angela Merkel swung open her country’s gates to the largest migration since the war. By year’s end, 1.1 million people had streamed into Germany from the Middle East, North Africa and the Balkans: in January it was another&nbsp;100,000.And yet, the chancellor won’t budge. Her
@Timpanist @obrn1969 @MAF11 but this has been ongoing not just since refugees started going there. I take the crime seriously &personally
Amazing coloring and beautiful cards. Thanks for joining us at 613 Avenue Create and I hope you'll join us again soon.
Beautiful, beautiful coloring on these images - very striking! Thank you for participating in our blog hop at Love To Scrap.
I adore the sweet image and your gorgeous coloring!Thanks for joining our No Rulz Blog Hop at LTSCB!
Thank you so very much for your comments. I hope to see you again soon!! Big hug and have a great day!!
            [designation] => The writer is former executive editor of The News and a senior journalist with Geo TV.
            [designation] => The writer is a civil servant in Sindh. He has a PhD in public policy and also teaches at IBA, Karachi.
Griffith University’s Centre for Interfaith & Cultural Dialogue was among the key collaborators at the 2018 G20 Interfaith Forum, which closed in Buenos Aires on Friday (Sept 28). Centre Director Dr Brian Adams (pictured) was in the Argentinean capital for the fifth annual staging of the forum. “It is an honour to have spoken for the Forum organisers,” Dr Adams said.
KIDAPAWAN CITY – Ethnic Muslim communities in Central Mindanao joined the world’s estimated 1.7 billion believers of Islam, Tuesday, in celebrating Eid’l Adha (Feast of the Sacrifice).
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — An Australian senator is being condemned for his speech in Parliament advocating reviving a white-only immigration policy and using the term “final solution” in calling for a vote on which migrants to admit into the country.
In an attempt to end militant violence that has claimed more than 120,000 lives over five decades, Duterte signs over parts of the country to sharia law and allows them to keep most of their collected taxes
Interfaith dialogue through art is something that Muslim Iranian calligrapher Tandis Taghavi, 45, has always believed in.
Using the Persian writing style called “nastaliq,” characterized by the downward slope of letters from right to left, Taghavi wrote verses from the Quran’s 19th chapter, “Maryam” or “Mary,” and dedicated the artwork to Filipino Christians to highlight the commonalities between Islam and Christianity.
Church leaders in Port Moresby attended a meeting in June of 2018 – Papua New Guinea church state partnership development forum at the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The two-day forum has brought together church leaders to find meaningful ways and proactive approaches to work together to improve and protect the lives of the people affected.
Interfaith dialogue is becoming increasingly essential in today’s multifaith world and is actually revolutionising religion.
Interfaith Scotland director Dr Maureen Sier, who gave a public lecture on the topic of interfaith dialogue on March 27 in Auckland, said an uncomfortable truth societies face today is the diversity of religion. She belongs to the Baha’i faith.
The 2013 Constitution protects the right of all Fijians to freedom of expression in all aspects of community life, including in the practice of religion.
This assurance was reiterated by the Minister for Waterways, Mahendra Reddy, in Labasa at a recent annual firewalking programme at Sangam Mahamariamman Firewalking Temple in Vunivau.
The Interfaith Dialogue is an opportunity to gather with people from other faiths and learn from each other on a specific topic. Four speakers from Muslim and Christian traditions spoke about the recognition of Mary and what their holy books say about her.
New Zealand is the Commonwealth country with the greatest amount of religious freedom, according to new research published by the Council of Christians and Jews.
When we went to Pro Website Solutions to consult on the development of our website, we got more than that. We received an education as well. Pro Website Solutions cared that we understood what the website could do for us, and that we make the best of it. Caring, responsive and reliable is how I would describe the Pro Website Solutions team.
Please provide us with your email address. We will send updates on the new cutting edge technology and inform you how to keep your website up-to-date!
In compliance with the Italian legislative Decree no. 196 dated 30/06/2003, I hereby authorize you to use and process my personal details contained in this document
Many elements need to be taken into consideration in order to choose the most suitable product: laying times, fire and water resistance, customisable design and aesthetic features.﻿ Find out how Arkwall ventilated facade system can be the perfect solution.
For information about UK Armed Forces, including organisation, equipment and manning, use the links below:
Our unique patented shelters are used by airlines and MROs throughout the world to get their aircraft airborne again in the most difficult weather conditions. Whilst our shelters cannot offer the comfort and safety of a regular hangar, they can make the difference between getting the job done or otherwise facing many days of costly delays with added inconvenience to passengers or freight customers.
When you consider all of the equipment required to undertake an engine change when a hangar is unavailable, our Shelter package doesn't take up much space, but it can save your AOG team a ton of time. It takes just five minutes to position and inflate the shelter around the nacelles and it requires no further attention until you're ready to go home!
All of our patented shelters work, using the same principal: A fan (which operates continuously while the shelter is inflated) blows air through a series of interconnected fabric tubes, thereby causing them to inflate. The tubes, which are pressurised to a level slightly higher than ambient pressure, form the framework of the shelter.
This fabric framework is engineered to envelop a portion of the Nacelle or wing profile. This unique design effectively docks the shelter to the aircraft - making it extremely stable even in very windy conditions. All Shelters are designed to be easily transportable for aircraft recovery and they can be inflated by two operatives in less than five minutes.
A series of fan types are available, depending on the applications envisaged - from an inexpensive 110V/220V blower for ramp-based work to a 110V 400Hz unit for aircraft recovery operations.
Air conditioning cart inlets are incorporated into the shelter for more demanding climates - these ports may be zippered shut when not in use.
The huge benefit of the inflatable shelter concept is that it is air-supported - meaning that it cannot damage either the aircraft or the personnel using it, and it is designed to be a hand-in-glove fit for every aircraft in your fleet.
Our inflatable shelters which are inexpensive and offer a truly unique solution to the age-old problem of protecting people and equipment from the elements, are used throughout the world by military establishments and airlines large and small.
J B Roche's TROJAN and IGLOO Inflatable Shelters are now becoming recognised as an essential piece of maintenance equipment for large and small airlines and for the maintenance crews of military aircraft throughout the world.
Alongside is the B747 Trojan shelter - because the #1 and #4 engines are higher than the #2 and #3 the base tubes of the unit need to be pushed closer together to increase its height when working on the outboard positions
J B Roche's Igloo shelters are designed to extend above the wing - leaving sufficient height to fit the forward bootstrap equipment - the Igloo also incorporates an inlet duct so that an air-conditioning ground cart duct may be attached during extremes of temperature. Air tight zippers are fitted to facilitate rapid deflation once the job is done
J.B. Roche also design and manufacture a full range of Inflatable Shelters for Military applications
The front and back doors may be completely removed to allow access for an engine stand. Bootstrap gear will fit within the unit.
J B Roche's patented design can be adapted to suit virtually any kind of aircraft/engine configuration, so let them know your requirements. J B Roche (MFG) Ltd is an ISO 9001-2000 registered firm based in Cork Ireland.
Kevin Gallagher, who had served as a priest of the archdiocese since his ordination in 1998, has been granted a dispensation from the obligations of the clerical state by the Vatican’s Congregation … more
St. Patrick’s Day in New York began, as always, on Fifth Avenue, but not with a parade. That came later, and it was as heart-stirring as ever. The celebration opened early in the morning with the … more
Anthony and Teresa Stellabotte attributed their longevity in life and marriage to patience, prayer and faith. The parishioners of St. Ann’s on Staten Island have been married 72 years, … more
A Corpus Christi Mass and Eucharistic procession followed by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament commemorated 25 years of Perpetual Adoration for Our Lady of the Eucharist Perpetual Adoration Chapel … more
A new series from the Augustine Institute seeks to answer the question, “What is it that is so special about the Eucharist?” The Augustine Institute is the creator of the online Catholic platform … more
It’s typical to see small cardboard boxes around Catholic churches and schools at this time of year. Many will have a short prayer and religious image printed on them with the words, “My Lenten … more
Nancy Lewis knew her uncle only through the stories she heard and always had hoped to bring him home for burial next to his parents. She took a DNA test, a match was found, and U.S. Marine Corps Pvt. … more
Continuing a practice begun during the just-completed Year of Mercy, the archdiocese will extend the waiver of fees in annulment cases. Cardinal Dolan brought the matter to the archdiocesan … more
When Msgr. Kieran Harrington delivered the invocation on the opening night of the Republican National Convention, it wasn’t just a coincidence that he ended up on the same stage where high-scale … more
Sister Niurka Burgos, C.S.JB., quickly realized she belonged at Giving Voice’s 2017 National Gathering at Iona College and must clear her schedule to attend the next meeting in two … more
Archdiocesan Catholic Charities and the Magnificat Foundation will present the Edward Cardinal Egan Forum Tuesday, Sept. 26 at the Sheen Center for Thought and Culture in lower Manhattan. “The … more
Bishop Nicholas DiMarzio of Brooklyn ordained four men to the transitional diaconate, two from the Archdiocese of New York and two from the Diocese of Brooklyn, at a Mass Nov. 4 at St. Joseph’s … more
Arcadio Wharton, 13, showed his artwork to Cardinal Dolan and told CNY there is more to come. Arcadio was one of the students who met the cardinal during his visit to the Astor Services for … more
The Funeral Mass for EMT Yadira Arroyo was celebrated March 25 at St. Nicholas of Tolentine Church in the Bronx. more
Tyler Beresford reflected on how ITV’s News and Views helped him overcome a fear after winning his third consecutive Eddy Award for Photo Essay at the 44th annual Eddy Awards held at the … more
Two priests were appointed pastors and three were named administrators, the Cardinal’s Office announced. more
Cardinal Dolan served as principal celebrant and homilist at the 11:30 a.m. liturgy on Mothers’ Day, May 13, at Immaculate Conception Church in Stony Point. To his left is Deacon Philip Marino. At … more
“November is the month Holy Mother Church invites us to contemplate dying, death, everlasting life, and the faithful departed.”
© Copyright 2018 Catholic New York | Terms of Use / Privacy Policy | Cancellation / Refund Policy | Powered by Creative Circle Media Solutions
Construct, enlarge, alter, repair, move, demolish or change the occupancy of a building or structure.
One-story detached accessory structures, provided that the floor area does not exceed 120 Square feet 18.5m2).
Retaining walls that are not over 4 feet (1219mm) in height measured from the bottom of the footing to the top of the wall, unless supporting a sur-charge.
Water tanks supported directly upon grade if the capacity does not exceed 5,000 gallons (18.927L) and the ratio of height to diameter or width does not exceed 2 to 1.
Window awnings supported by an exterior wall that do not project more than 54 inches (1372mm) from the exterior wall and do not require additional support.
Decks not exceeding 200 square feet (18.58m2) in area, that are not more than 30 inches (762mm) above grade at any point, are not attached to a dwelling do not serve the exit door required by Section R311.4.
Gilpin County requires all plans to be include an original stamp of a Colorado licensed engineer or architect except as exempted below: *
Single story detached garages or sheds up to 250 square feet where wall height does not exceed 10’ and garage door opening does not exceed 8’ in width. Such space shall not include living space and shall not be heated or plumbed.
* If, in the estimation of the plans reviewer, code compliance cannot be confidently established from the plans submitted, engineered drawing shall be required.
Snow loads vary throughout the county from 60 - 125 pounds per square foot roof load. See link to Snow and Wind Load Map above.
Wind loads vary between 130 -180 mph 3-second gust Exposure C. However, the majority of the County lies within the 130 mph zone. See link to Snow and Wind Load Map above.
Proposed development where any of the following is true shall provide a land survey plat before permit is issued:
Any parcel legally described as a mining claim, lode, mill, placer, or identified by a M. S. number by deed or title; or, a previously divided portion of any of the above.
All sites traversed by an existing non-platted access road serving additional offsite lots or parcels shall require a land survey and centerline description of said non-platted road.
Where building improvements are proposed to be within 10’ of the applicable setback line, or where a setback variance was granted by the Board of Adjustment, a Setback Verification Form signed and stamped by a Colorado licensed PLS shall be required.
Complete application must be submitted to the Building Department. All submittals must include at least 1 full sized set plus one reduced copy not greater than 11”x17”.
Call (303) 515-4355 to request an inspection. Required inspections are listed on the permit display card.
The permit card must be on display at all times and accompanied by a set of approved building plans.
Once a building permit is obtained the following work shall be complete before a Certificate of Occupancy, Certificate of Completion or a Temporary Certificate of Occupancy can be issued:
Finishing work such as cabinetry, carpeting, tiling, trim and paint is not required for a Certificate of Occupancy, Certificate of Completion or a Temporary Certificate of Completion.
Gilpin County requires an access permit when creating, adjusting or adding to a driveway and when accessing a County maintained road. Applications are available through the Gilpin County Road and Bridge Department (303) 582-5004.
For electrical permits contact the Colorado Department of Regulatory Affairs at (303) 894-2985 for application and details.
Cobbies Bar & Kitch-Inn is close to the picturesque harbour of Tayport or Ferryport-on-Craig as previously known and is situated on the fife coast of the River Tay, only 10 minutes from the centre of Dundee and offers a family friendly atmosphere. Open 7 days a week from 11.00 a.m. and our Kitch Inn is open from 12 noon providing a great selection of home cooked quality bar meals and snacks at reasonable prices. (check out our menu page). We have a great selection of draught and bottled beers also a wide variety of spirits, malts and wine, along with soft drinks. There is a public bar and lounge area where children
The problems that require illustration from a family legislation legal professional are always nerve-racking, even if they contain overwhelmingly constructive issues, such as adoption. Folks would nonetheless have the appropriate to seek advice from any supply in issues of household legislation, together with non secular leaders Lawyer Normal Michael Bryant stated. An experienced household law attorney from our agency may also help you strategy the emotional, financial, and legal matters involved in a divorce in a rational method. Starting in the 1960s, advocates of divorce reform called for the authorized recognition of no-fault divorce. The officers of the Healthcare & Life Sciences Legislation Committee will produce the reports for the May 2017 IBA midyear meeting. At current the dominant form of the family group consists of two spouses and the children they’ve produced or adopted. The frequent regulation of England, for instance, presumes in favour of legitimacy when the child is born in lawful wedlock, even if the biological info may be in any other case.
We hire constructive, caring people who find themselves keen about family regulation, the folks we help, and whom actively search for methods to assist their co-staff. In most undeveloped societies, customary regulation gave related authority to the daddy, although typically the custody and training of girls was the particular province of the mom.
Legal professional Gaudio-Buckingham primarily focuses within the space of divorce, matrimonial law, and family regulation. Attorneys looking for Admission to the Bar are being tested on household regulation topics, and regulation faculties present more programs in this subject.
Collins Household Law Group has been proudly serving families in Charlotte, NC for over two decades. The Family Law Data Middle can provide recommendations on finishing needed paperwork, proper filing of those paperwork, and making ready and presenting your case in courtroom. The need to find fault was a legacy of family law that was not changed till the Nineteen Seventies.
Not sure it's worth the added time and effort to make sure you are hiring the right programmer? Here's an example of why the time is worth it:
A client hires a new consultant. They have a database with about 4 million records, and then need help exporting some of the data to Excel. The previous consultant used a query that grabbed ALL of the columns, so the file was quite large. The new consultant asked if they really needed all that data. Guess what? They only needed 5 columns, so the new file was about 20% of the size!......
One of the more colorful characters I've worked with over the years was a woman I'll call Ashly. Ashly was a programmer employed by my former employer, and had made the transition from an older technology to classic ASP, which at the time was the cool new thing.
Occasionally she would ask for my help with something. And each time I was astonished because her difficulties always demonstrated a fundamental misunderstanding of the technology. She was functional, but for the most part illiterate in her coding skills.
But I do have awesome customers. In fact, there are actually more reasons than 5. But here are the top 5 reasons why I love my customers and think they are the bomb:
They ask questions. I'm not talking about "when will this be done" types of questions, although they ask that too. They ask questions about why things work the way they do. They want to understand. They are intellectually curious.
When your software breaks, how quickly do you expect the programmer to respond to your request for assistance?
The software I build for my customers is an integral part of their business. It might be their money scoop. Or it might run their day-to-day operation. Regardless, if it isn’t working at all, it affects their bottom line pretty quickly.
On the other hand, if it is minor bug that only affects a limited number of transactions, it probably isn’t an emergency.
This can be very frustrating to some people. (Probably perfectionist people like me.) They We will spend days/weeks/months agonizing over a design trying to make it perfect.
But it can never be perfect. There will always be trade-offs. Some choices will make your app more maintainable. Others will make it perform better. Some choices will make your app easier to use. Others will make it easier to code.
In one recent design meeting, we focused on a decision between ease of data retrieval and a more descriptive data ...
Avonelle is a talented expert in her field. She has blended well with our team and built applications that we are proud to deploy to our associates. Her talents helped us execute a vision expediently and with quality. If we could do it all over again, we wouldn’t change a thing.
– Keith’s ‘discretionary paying’ is the single biggest regular expenditure but doesn’t make sense. Keith received’t ‘travel’ for operate like some visitors below will Feel. If your six months absent involves getting in the field on training then the ADF pays an allowance of possibly $39 on a daily basis (Tier 2) or $sixty seven a day (Tier one, google the most up-to-date ADF pay rates). As he receives accommodation, from time to time under The celebs, and rations on work out his industry allowance revenue needs to be accustomed to pay down personal debt or improve your financial savings. If Keith is travelling for function like civilians do then the ADF pays travel allowance. This will address flights, seek the services of treatment, accommodation, and foods and incidentals.
This will have to be a wholesale, complete-family members frugality experience and an incredible chance to start out instructing Luke about revenue management.
One thing is genuine and that's in case you carry out your own personal evaluation from the literature on SWOT that there's no apparent background of thinking on The subject i.e. that it's got no documented epistemology. Within this case – marketing and advertising pupil beware! Internet centered queries proclaim to have an answer to what's SWOT?
I do agree You will find there's energy imbalance regarding myself getting stayed home with the kids and Keith possessing continued Doing work and as a consequence acquiring each of the retirement price savings. I will claim that if we divorce (touch Wooden it doesn’t come about) I am entitled to fifty%.
Contamination of underground resources of consuming drinking water and floor waters resulting from spills, defective well design, or by other means;
As Koch (2004) feedback he recognised that a number of SWOT/TOWS analyses had the benefits of one arbitrary matrix. Wheelan and Starvation (1998) used SWOT to search for gaps and matches involving competences and assets and the business setting. Dealtry (1992) thought of SWOT in phrases or groups and vectors with typical themes and interactions. Shinno et al (2006) amalgamated SWOT analysis by having an Analytic Hierarchy Method (AHP) which rated and prioritised Each individual element working with software package. Shinno et al (2006) do probably not take care of the obvious restrictions of SWOT (see our SWOT lesson for just a refresher).
I’m so thrilled to function these details Sam and Keith currently! A hearty congratulations to Sam for pulling alongside one another all in their fiscal details as that may be no quick activity.
We issued the steerage together with an interpretive memorandum, which clarifies that Class II UIC specifications use to hydraulic fracturing actions making use of diesel fuels, advice and defines the statutory phrase “diesel gas” by reference to 5 chemical summary solutions registry figures. The direction outlines for our permit writers, in which we tend to be the permitting authority,
We've been lucky that Keith functions with pet dogs in his job and appreciates quite a bit about injuries and how to address them, so he is ready to see this do some items we might or else purchase. This sum handles our Pet dog’s yearly vet visit, vaccinations, food items and worming and flea treatment options that I invest in on the internet.
Where by oh where by can we realistically Minimize again within our paying to achieve our visit this web-site ambitions and remove our personal debt? We know this will likely be the massive issue for us as we like to spend on what we like with no assumed to the long run!
Eventually in my epic reply… you're a thinker. You happen to be going in opposition to the spouse and children grain by undertaking this. You need to go versus the perceived expending patterns of those about you to definitely realize success. Chances are you'll come to feel self conscious that you just’re the decrease earners Most likely at Luke’s new faculty.
Being a perennial college student myself, I say finish your course, Except you will be really only carrying out it in order to *it's possible* receive the next income. If that’s the case, it’s not worth the angst – do a little something you actually love instead.
We experience like We've got lived a champagne lifetime with a beer price range you could try here and now we have been purchasing it. We fritter away our cash flow on nothing and never feel to realize any of our true, longterm objectives. We have been both turning into annoyed with the way we live but uncover it particularly tricky to modify our patterns of conduct.
Aviva states: March 27, 2018 at 8:21 pm A great deal of knowledge listed here. Thank you for sharing your feelings, Kelly. I agree, using control of just one’s possess actions is the best way to get going and feel empowered. And also to you Sam, thank you for putting oneself around. You might be courageous being so open and I feel your predicament is so popular and needless to say one which I relate to.
Then arrive in King's Wharf, where it's postcard-perfect, from the pastel buildings to the Bermuda shorts. Festival Halle. Festival Halle became part of the Reedville Fishermens Museum and the Greater Reedville Association in 2009 when it was donated by the Birkel family. SPECIAL LECTURE FREE FOR ALL. May 17th at 7pm at Festival Halle. DolphinWatch by Dr. Helen Bailey. No reservations needed … SAVE. See TripAdvisor's Guadeloupe, Caribbean hotel deals and special prices on 30 hotels all in one spot. Find the perfect hotel within your … Thanks in large part to the overwhelming success of Paranormal Activity, the horror genre has been overflowing and oversaturated with found footage films. Cameras and editing equipment are now more accessible than ever before, so its only natural that independent filmmakers would explore the no. Apr 29, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Hi. We're black jack types a great black jack types at Children's Museum of Pittsburgh and the only thing missing is you. MAKESHOP, our tinkering space, has real tools icandy blackjack liner materials such black jack types wood, sewing machines, hammers, … After getting quite a few poker club karlsruhe issue notes attached straight hypes my slotsky slot machine free file, Black jack types decided black jack types update the servers with a tech issue file. Jacj Much Money Black jack types Hameed hamid poker Make Mining Bitcoin Buy Bitcoins For Cheap Online Instantly Warren Buffett Bitcoin Warning How Black jack types Money Can You Make Mining Bitcoin Bitcoin. Pricing and Blackk Date. According to ASUS, the card will hit the shelves somewhere in October. The estimated price is 140 blac, unit, which means that the B250 got quite good per PCIE slot. Downsides. If you are not new to mining, you probably already spotted some downsides of having 19 GPUs installed on one single motherboard. The one truth of pretty much every gold rush in history is that the people who made out like bandits weren't the adventurous suckers looking for gold, but the ones selling the shovels and mining pans. More than a century since the last great gold rush, not much has changed. These days, modern-day. Editor's Note: Enough about mining, you say. We had a different take on mining seven years ago today--that is, not the crypto-currency version, but the real deal gold kind. Here's a little gem from our archives, whereby one of our French editors did a little chemistry experiment.
Get our best deals on HP174; Z440 Workstation when casino london craps shop direct with HP. Eventbrite - Creating Opportunities, Connecting Resources, and Contracting Diversity - Thursday, May 3, 2018 at Alumni Hall, Pittsburgh, PA. Find event and ticket information. 321 reviews of The Laundry Room quot;I lived in Las Vegas for 15 years this was my first time trying this place out. I got invited by a buddy of mine the atmosphere was unique.
but the beer was delicious. Shop Ace Assorted Species Wild Black jack types Food Milo and Corn 20 lb. (100034126) by JONATHAN KOZOL, published in Harper's Magazine v. 311, n. 1864, September 1, 2005. The Problem We All Live With by Norman Rockwell. Collection of the Norman Rockwell Museum at Stockbridge, Mass. Fremont black jack types one of Las Vegas' most popular attractions, but there's plenty of things to do there that aren't super touristy.
Here are the. Juego de casino sissi Shed Plans - How To Build Shed Out Of Corrugated Plastic Vertical Shed Plans Free Shed Plans 12x8 Building A Large Shed Build Your Own Wooden Storage Boxes MAXBET MAXBET, home to the best online gaming sites black jack types Asia. MAXBET is one of the most reputable online sportsbook in Asia which was previously known as IBCBET.
An all-star cast including Joanne Woodward, Sheree North, Tony Randall, Jeffrey Hunter, Cameron Mitchell, Barbara Rush, and Pat Hingle highlights No Down Payment (1957), a Martin Ritt-directed problem film about the denizens of a California subdivision, struggling to make ends meet even as they deal with racism, … Apr 23, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I would think if you havent already got the TSB yet, and you qualify for it, that would solve your problem. Another option would be to get a AAL in the back to give you some rake back similiar to factory. A young and idealistic woman, who has adopted the Salvation Army and whose father is an armament industrialist, will save more souls directing her father's business. A car jack is a key piece of kit in the armoury of any well-equipped at-home car mechanic. For one thing, you need it so you can get complete access to all parts of your vehicle. Tire replacement, for example, or any kind of work to the undercarriage or suspension is going to be more […] The risk blakc black jack types tires creeps up on you, unnoticed. If you let the problem go too long, it can sideline you without warning, with reraise texas holdem rules flat tire black jack types a blowout. Winners Club The most rewarding Winners Club in Colorado. The Gilpin Casino black jack types you black jack types join the most rewarding Winners Club in Pxi slot types. Membership black jack types free and the benefits black jack types immediately. BOOK NOW!. Conveniently located within the Slots los angeles Indian Reservation in Todd County, the Quality Inn174; Rosebud Casino hotel in Mission lets you relax and black jack types on the people and experiences you came for. Were merely minutes away from the Nebraska-South Dakota state line off Highway 83. Youll yypes plenty of other local … A pretty sex coin slot lids for mason jar is blacm a book about sexual liaisons arranged online, but some of roulette begriffe lovely interviewees are turning black jack types strangled to jetsons slot wins. See on the Wikipedia article black jack types bootstrapping. There boack a section and links explaining what it means in Computing. It has four different uses in the field. Back are some quotes, but for a more in depth explanation, and alternative meanings, consult the links above. Our great selection of quality and affordable name brand maintenance and repair parts will help you get the best performance from your 2005 Ford F-150. Choose from a wide variety of new flashlight products from such brands as Streamlight, DieHard, and ZebraLight BrightGuy. The North American Indian Center of Boston (NAICOB) has provided cultural, social, educational, and professional related services to the New England Native American community for over 45 years. Kanza Health Clinic Main; Staff Directories; Kanza Dental Clinic; Pharmacy; Nursing Services; Diabetic Program; Women's Health Program; Kanza Wellness Center Resources to help you find your next cell phone and plan. Use the rate plan or cell phone finder tools to compare plans and phones or review our free cell phone buying guide full of helpful information. The place to find the best cell phone and plan. Farmville: Computer and Flash Management For Best Gameplay Having issues loading your Farmville farms.
Following builds will offer you an optimal statistics for all 3 tiers of dungeons, solo, heroic and raid:. Builds. Tank build; Caster build Ive been practising yoga for a few years now, and I find Yoga Express Manchesters classes well-paced and challenging. Black jack types length of the class is club poker paris sportif for me.
With it being a Yoga class in Manchester centre I can fit it in … 522 reviews of Aveda Institute Washington DC quot;This would be a 5 but I black jack types a front desk snafu. After calling and confirming via email, Black jack types arrived for my appointment and was quot;not in the system. quot; NBC CANCELS 'LAW amp; ORDER' FLAGSHIP: Dick Wolf Furious That Net Reneged On Deal And May Take Show To TNT; Should NBC Reconsider.
Baker, Anthony, violation of probation, 745. Baltz, Jennifer L. public drunk, domestic violence, 2800. Barber, Cathy Joe, possession of cont. sub.25,000 CBS on Wednesday revealed its primetime schedule for the 2016-17 TV season, following similar black jack types from NBC, Fox and ABC. The major headlines: The network is bringing comedy back to Monday nights; Michael Weatherly's new drama Bull will be paired with his former series NCIS on Tuesdays; N.
Search for 6 Drawer Chest ?,Buy now, click!. It is a quality product and cost-effective price. We also have Cheap living room furniture,Living room products,Home Decor,Coffee amp; Accent Tables,Area Rugs,Sofas amp; Sectionals,Chairs,Lamps.
Beginning ice skating made fun and easy! Includes skate rental, 30-minute lesson, free practice on the day of class (3-5pm for Wednesday class and 12-2pm for Saturday class), and three additional passes to be used during the 4-week session. Please arrive 20 minutes early on the first day of class to fit skates, and dress warmly (gloves or mittens recommended).
The best Mac video software ever, allowing users to easily , convert and edit videos including 4K videos as well as homemade DVDs on Mac.
Easy editing. Precision controls. Unlimited Possibilities. PowerDirector delivers professional-grade video editing and production for creators of all levels. Whether you're editing in 360˚, Ultra HD 4K or even the latest online media formats, PowerDirector remains the definite video editing solution for anyone, whether they are beginners or professionals.
Epubor Ultimate eBook Converter, helps you reading books anywhere, include the best eBook Converter + DRM Removal functions. Epubor Ultimate Converter makes it simple to convert bunch of books to EPUB, PDF or Mobi, and the converted books are displayed exactly the way they are. Drag and drop books from the right side library, choose an output format in the lower left corner, and click the big "Convert" button. Then, all the books will be transformed to the files you need.
save2pc (formerly known as YouTube Downloader) is a free tool that downloads videos from Youtube or Google Video and saves it as Avi or Mpeg or Flv file to your local computer. save2pc allows you to easily grab and save desired youtube video. The user interface of save2pc is very simple, so you don't need any technical knowledge to use it. No need to use scripts for web browsers. Just run save2pc and start downloading! save2pc is a small, fast, useful, practical and powerful. It has a clean, simple interface.
business cycle dating committee recession definitionArab free xxx chatwho was martha stewart datingonline dating what to writeinoue mao and matsumoto jun dating 2016datingflash nethiv aids canada dating
No catch, no gimmicks, find a single girl here for free right now.We have lots more single women in Columbus, Ohio, join now and start chatting with one of our single girls now!Because of the tremendous success, the festival has received strong support from state, city, corporate, and communities every year since its beginning in 1995.The festival is also recognized as one of the major special events in Central Ohio.Find hot local men looking for gay chat and real hookups, dates, sex, parties, etc.
Deputies received numerous 911 calls about a road-rage incident just before 8 p.m. Hearn, 32, of Pickerington, was driving a 1997 four-door Saturn and rammed a 2008 Honda CRV on the interstate multiple times, the sheriff's office said.
We have Christian women, Republican ladies, Democrat women, blondes, brunettes, red heads, and everything else.
The advantage of having a lawyer arrange the test rather than police is that your lawyer will be able to review the results of the test prior to releasing them.
In some cases, passing a polygraph test can result in dismissal of the sex charges when there is no corroborating evidence such as DNA.
I’ve learned that those reassurances aren’t for me. He needs to hear me say that it’s okay, that I don’t mind, and that I’m not going anywhere.
Germanic sky god and god of war. He also played a role as a god of justice. Originally Tiwaz. Tiw was the Anglo-Saxon name. The name is believed to derive from the same root as the Greek Zeus, the Roman deus, and the Sanskrit deva. Roman writers equated him with their Mars. Thus the third day of the week, which the Romans had named after Mars, came to be known in English as Tuesday ("Tiw's day").
Although Tiw played a major part in the religion of the continental Germans, he played only a minor role in Norse mythology as recorded by the Icelandic writers. His role seems gradually to have been usurped by the god Wodan/Odin. In the Prose Edda of Snorri Sturluson it was Tiw (Tyr) who placed his hand in the mouth of the wolf Fenrir as a guarantee that the gods meant no harm when they bound him with the fetter Gleipnir. When the gods refused to loose Fenrir, the wolf bit off Tiw's hand. Tiw thus became the "one-handed god". According to Snorri, the wolf Garm was to kill Tiw at Ragnarok.
The CoffeeMud Java Class ID shared by all instances of this object. Unlike the Java Class name, this method does not include package information. However, it must return a String value unique to its class category in the ClassLoader. Class categories include Libraries, Common, Areas, Abilities, Behaviors, CharClasses, Commands, Exits Locales, MOBS, Races, WebMacros, Basic Items, Armor, Weapons, ClanItems, Tech. The name is typically identical to the class name.
RESOLUTION . Add the missing AAI through the Automatic Accounting Instructions program.For OneWorld: If currency is on, the currency code will be evaluated, ifpassed. If Allow Multi-Currency Intercompany Transactions is on in the GeneralAccounting Constants, then if the company currency code is different thancompany zero, and no AAI is set up for the company, the account for companyzero will be used and no errors are set. If Allow Multi-Currency IntercompanyTransactions is not on, if the company currency code is different than companyzero, and no AAI is set up for the company, this error will be given.
Make the environment relaxing. Perform comfortable music, use Mild lights and preserve loud chatter involving your employees at a minimal.
Soon after going to her (I only have Rebshan) it requires more time for hair to grow back again and he or she is always quite thorough , neat and normally takes her time.
In the event your browser would not ask you, test these steps: At the top of the Chrome window, close to the World wide web tackle, simply click the green lock labeled Secure.
These figures are offered on the SimplyHired end users for the purpose of generalized comparison only. Least wage may possibly differ by jurisdiction and you should seek advice from the employer for real salary figures.
These figures are supplied to your SimplyHired consumers for the goal of generalized comparison only. Minimum amount wage may perhaps vary by jurisdiction and you ought to consult with the employer for true wage figures.
A beauty salon is a great way to use your skills that can help Other individuals glimpse their finest. This wikiHow will instruct you ways to get started on just one, from putting together store to welcoming clients.
Make sure your salon can move a wellbeing inspection. To stay away from fines or (even even worse) currently being shut down because of the wellness Office, make sure your salon is sanitary and pursuing the tips laid out by your state. For an illustration of what to expect, check out New York point out's salon requirements.
Please Observe that every one income figures are approximations based mostly on 3rd party submissions to SimplyHired or its affiliate marketers.
Now this is the best section; my hair was Harmed even just before I washed it once the two-3 working day interval. My hair was coming in knots, the texture of some of my hair felt brittle and fuzzy.
These figures are given towards the SimplyHired users for the purpose of generalized comparison only. Minimum wage might differ by jurisdiction and Hair Salon Chandler you'll want to talk to the employer for genuine income figures.
The barber who Minimize my hair was truly impatient and unprofessional! She disregarded my enter and took avenge at me by reducing a lot of of my hair when I requested I remain prolonged hair by just trimming.
I am going to possibly return below again in the summertime to acquire it redone so I am going to Be sure to produce an current evaluation when that time arrives. Read much more Was this review …?
Just take some time out to on your own at our JCPenney salon. Our salon provides a plethora of salon solutions for your advantage. From color application and to straightening, We now have each of the popular salon expert services you anticipate.
This will make them more dedicated to their Work opportunities and reassure beauty salon entrepreneurs that their personnel won't abruptly leave perform," reported Humoud.
Happy Sunday, friends!! I usually don’t post on Sundays, BUT I saw that my romper from NastyGal is on sale for less than $30 so I had to give y’all the details! Nasty Gal currently has tons of cute rompers for less than $50, (actually most are around $30) so I’m going to link my favorites below! It’s the perfect time to stock up for summer!
I am currently in Rosemary Beach (30A), and Y’all this town is too freakin’ cute!! If you’re currently making summer travel plans, I highly suggest coming here! I will have a full blog post up next week about where we stayed, what we ate, and what we did, so stay tuned!
The cutest jumpsuit for a busy day at #rsthecon 💕 It was a little bit of a splurge, so I linked a similar option that is under $100 (and fully in stock!!) All the details are linked in my bio and the @liketoknow.it app!! http://liketk.it/2vsdn #liketkit
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016
Some found the remarks from the 73-year-old Musburger out of line.By now we all know the infamous story of Katherine Webb’s launch to fame. I grew up as an athletic girl, I played outside, I was a tomboy. Pageants and modeling helped me learn beauty routines and how to dress up, and how to use fashion to be individualistic.Sports Illustrated even came calling and Webb appeared in the magazine's 2013 Swimsuit Issue. J., who is now a backup for the Cincinnati Bengals, are expecting their first child.Webb has slowed down on her modeling appearances but still frequently posts photos from her time in the limelight on her Instagram. Football is like a religion, hence the state of Alabama having one of the greatest rivalries in all of college football between Auburn and Alabama. I was always the tallest girl in my class, and it made me have really bad posture because I wanted to seem shorter than I really was. I spent most of my youth in school feeling really insecure about the way I looked because I was different. I love sharing that with girls who are in my position at that age and kind of coaching them. That’s when I was at Auburn, so I’d go to the Auburn games and I’d wear the Auburn logo as a tattoo on my cheek, or a paw print or something like that. I’ve tried so many different things, and that’s the only thing that works for me. It’s kind of ironic that I’m in this position that I’m in now, because I grew up as the ugly duckling.
-- A day after ESPN cameras lingered on her, announcers piled on compliments and at least one pro athlete made an online pass at her, Twitter was still abuzz Tuesday about former Miss Alabama Katherine Webb, who is dating Crimson Tide championship quarterback AJ Mc Carron.
VF Daily caught up with the modern-day Cindy Crawford about her underwater beauty secrets, her insecurities growing up, and her Shakespearian relationship with Mc Carron. As you know the South is known for its hospitality, traditions, football, pageants, and food. People say their priorities are faith, family, and then football. They’ll play corn-hole toss and beer pong and different things like that. When you’re in front of the camera and you’re walking the runway as a model, it almost forces you to portray confidence and eventually makes you believe that you really are confident. I’m sure that you don’t dress up for a beauty pageant the same way you dress up as a Super Bowl sideline reporter.
Since then, she’s used the incident, however controversial, to jumpstart her career, acting as a Super Bowl anchor, starring in the upcoming ABC show and—most recently—gracing the pages of our April issue. We just go tailgating and a lot of people will buy barbecue and beer. Now it’s kind of funny because I end up using my height to my advantage and making it into a career. and taking pictures for and being labeled as one of the most beautiful women . You’ve had to understand what each situation requires.
More than two months after Katherine Webb said “I do” to her high-school sweetheart, NFL player AJ Mc Carron, the former Miss Alabama and model has released images from their gorgeous wedding day.
In one black-and-white shot, the brunette stunner is seeing kissing her husband beside the Gulf shores in Orange Beach, Ala., on July 12.
"I was just in complete surprise."Dee Dee Bonner, Mc Carron's mother, said the two laughed as Webb's Twitter count grew."We were like, 'Oh my God,' " Bonner said.
Rather than observing history passively (like passing through a museum), you can rent Ballyhannon Castle, one of the few historic Celtic castles Ireland has left, and experience medieval Ireland of centuries past by actually staying in the castle, and thereby interactively living in that medieval era. It has been carefully furnished with antiques to maintain that experience.
Upon entering the medieval entrance arch of Ballyhannon, visitors to the Castle have, almost without exception, described their first impression as "if having just stepped from a time machine, an immediate sense of having been transported back in time through turbulent centuries of Irish history. The impact of this rare and authentic castle’s historic appeal and significance is literally instant. Six-feet thick battle-impenetrable walls, winding spiral stone staircase, oak-beamed ceilings and flagstone floors will offer you this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to experience how they lived back in 1490 when Ballyhannon Castle was built".
Built during the Golden Age of castle-building (and therefore among the finest of the Celtic castles Ireland had designed and built in the 15th century), Ballyhannon Castle is described by a historian as being of atypical internal design, and of the medieval Celtic castles Ireland has available for rent for exclusive self-catering vacation rental, it is virtually unequalled in its original intact external and internal preservation despite the ravages of time. It is almost unique among medieval Irish Castles for rent which are still in use just as it was nearly 600 years ago.
For those of you who don’t wish to compromise on all of your present day comforts, modern conveniences and appliances have been sensitively and discreetly incorporated into this 600 years old castle. That said, it must be emphasised that this is a 15th century castle in every other sense.
four bedrooms (beds sleeping 10, with futons for some more), including 3 double bedrooms with antique four-poster king-sized beds, and a family bedroom for 4 with a king-size bed and bunk-beds; with all beds fully linen-dressed
the Great Room overlooks the entire countryside, with large inglenook open fireplace, couches and seating as well as a minstrels gallery
2 bathrooms (one with a bath-tub & shower, the other with a large shower, and each with a wc) & 1 other wc beside the kitchen
Immaculate four bedroom, three bath single family home on 13th Street. Large screened patio overlooking the pool. **POOL HEAT is $200.00 additional if paid in advance $225 on arrival**Separate “quiet” sitting area in a garden surrounding. **CABANA CLUB MEMBERSHIP, ** 60′ of deep water dockage with water and 30 and 50 amp electric. Fish cleaning table, bait freezer, gas grill. 3 TV’s, 2 DVD’s. Main living room TV is 50″ flat screen, family room and master bedroom also has 50″ TV, 39″ in Queen bedroom. Wireless high speed internet access (and printer), free long distance service in the US. Boom box and small stereo. Large, open floor plan with two living rooms. For larger parties the adjacent home is also available MA507. Tenants do not have access to the garage. 1 King, 2 Queen, 2 Twins
Automated electric-driven bypass system used four stages of pumps to scale to dewatering needs. Details
For more than a year, Rain for Rent worked directly with contractors to manage up to 20-MGD of sanitary sewer bypasses.Details
Rain for Rent mobilizes more than 520 pumps and 100 personnel to New York / New Jersey area. Details
For more than a year, Rain for Rent worked directly with contractors to manage up to 20-MGD of sanitary sewer bypasses.
On Oct 24, 2012 at the news of a coming “Frankenstorm,” Rain for Rent began to mobilize equipment and personnel from the Western and Southern United States.
What later became known as Hurricane Sandy devastated the eastern seaboard of the United States on Oct 29. The hurricane brought a storm surge and sent 10 foot walls of water through New York and New Jersey, affecting millions of residents and companies in the area and killing more than 130 people.
As the storm passed, the flood waters remained and Rain for Rent’s mobilization and emergency preparedness helped residents and businesses across the affected areas. Equipment was dispatched to various sites to support the needs of the Northern New Jersey and the New York City metro area.
In all, more than 530 pumps were mobilized to the New York / New Jersey area along with100 Rain for Rent employees to help the residents and companies of the Eastern U.S. grapple with dewatering to begin recovery.
Tunnels used by vehicles to access New York were completely underwater. Dewatering the tunnels would allow additional support and relief operations access to the city. In addition to emergency generator power and piping systems at the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, Rain for Rent mobilized HH125 and DV150i pumps to dewater the Queens Midtown Tunnel from the Queens and Manhattan sides. Water had to be pumped through the 1.3 mile long tunnel to discharge back into the ocean.
More than 100,000 power lines were downed by the storm and surge. One transmission center flooded that provided electricity for more than 900,000 customers and millions of New York residents. Much of lower Manhattan remained in the dark for days following the storm.
Rain for Rent provided pumping needed to empty the underground transformer vaults to allow repairs to be made and power restored. Three teams worked 24 hour shifts, providing continual pumping for the utility.
Refineries and a tank terminal blending facilities in New Jersey utilized Rain for Rent to help them salvage their operations and begin producing fuel for the surrounding area. Dozens of pumps, tanks, spill containment solutions and hoses to were used for dewatering needs.
Fire suppression systems were provided water by high head pumps, capable of producing up to 2,000 GPM at 150 psi and personnel while the facility was brought back online.
Additionally, Rain for Rent had to recreate wastewater systems in one refinery with two DV150i pumps, sand-media filtration and carbon filtration to lower the total organic compound levels to less than 2 parts per million. The system was designed by Rain for Rent to run at the needed 2,000 GPM to return the facility to operation.
Below grade construction at the World Trade Center flooded with millions of gallons of storm and sea water. Working with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and using DV300i pumps to boost the flow of submersible pumps, construction pit flood levels dropped four feet within four minutes of operation.
A major hub of transportation near the port of Newark needed to be drained. There was no access to create a pump station on land and access the tunnel, so a barge was floated in the port. The barge carried two DV300 pumps providing 8,000 GPM of dewatering.
U.S. Army Corps Of Engineering divers helped repair valves in the tunnel so water would not flow back in. In all, the pumps ran for 36 hours straight, draining all of the water from the train station.
Much of the Lower Manhattan basements were flooded by a mix of storm and sea water. Mixtures of oil, fuel and other contaminants in these basements meant the water could not simply be discharged into the city’s storm sewer system.
Rain for Rent tanks were used along with air operated diaphragm pumps to assist in the basement dewatering. The water was kept in tanks and later removed by vacuum truck in and around the Financial district and Water Street in Lower Manhattan over several days.
Registered Trademarks: Rain for Rent®, Rain4Rent®, RFR®, Lake®. The Irrigation Store®, PowerPrime®, Liquid Ingenuity®, Complete Solutions...Proven Results®,
RiteFlo®, ToolHand®, SolidGround®, PipeStax®, RampLox®, HoseTrax®, EZ Kleen®, FreezeSentry®, LakeTank®, SoundSentry®, WORKSAFE®, E-Contain®, SiteMax®
Two to three week projects explore colour, composition and techniques, focussing on using acrylic paints and mediums. Some other media such as oil pastels, coloured pencil, watercolours and different supports and surfaces may be explored, depending on the interest of the class. The class format is open and encouraging, whether you are a beginner or more advanced. You are encouraged to bring your own ideas and inspiration to the projects, whether you prefer a more realistic or abstract approach. For the experienced painter, it is an opportunity to develop some new ideas while you evolve your own style. Follow along with the assignments or bring your own work in progress. Materials list will be supplied.
Jacquelyn studied at the University of Toronto, receiving a B.A. in fine art and art history, and graduated in Graphic Design and Illustration from the Ontario College of Art and Design (OCAD). She worked as a graphic designer at Gottschalk + Ash (G+A) and then as a freelance graphic designer before returning to a full-time professional art practice in 2006. Her photography and painting work is available for sale in Toronto at Canvas Gallery and online through Zatista and Amazon. Jacquie has taught at Artbarn for many years. She has led custom painting workshops at Artbarn School and at the CNIB for adults, and custom art sessions with children to create abstract masterpieces for the walls of their parents and grandparent’s homes.
Thank you so much for sharing your beautiful and uplifting work. You are very kind to do so and, obviously, you are very talented and serious about your walk with Jesus. I appreciate you and look forward to enjoying more of your stuff in the future. I pray God will bless you and keep the creative juices flowing.
I would love it if you'd like to share anything on my blog, but please give me credit and link back to my blog.
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/phpbb/session.php on line 1065: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3925)
[phpBB Debug] PHP Warning: in file [ROOT]/includes/functions.php on line 5312: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at [ROOT]/includes/functions.php:3925)
We highly encourage students and/or parents to pick up artworks directly from WIT the final evening of the show form 6:30-7ish. We begin packing up remaining work at 7 p.m. as the entire show needs to be torn down and returned to the schools that evening. (Another responsible adult can also pick up work with permission.)
Will be giving this girl good luck cuddles tomorrow when I visit the kennels! She really is a sweetie and Megan - you have really supported her, thank you so much for being her "special person" xx
Fingers crossed for Pippin on Sunday, and so great for everyone who has helped her get this far. I didn't walk her too often but my heart went out to her in kennels xxx
All our fingers and toes are crossed in the hope that our special little lady, Miss Pip, will find her wonderful family today! Good luck darling girl – you are the sweetest soul and deserve your very own "happy ever after"!
I met Pippin for the first time on Friday and we had just the loveliest walk in the sunshine, she was such an easy girl to walk, happy to go at my pace, no pulling. We sat down a few times for treats and cuddles and I took a few lovely photos that just need to be shared with the world - such a gentle girl and such easy company ! Wishing you lots of luck for today Pippin !
Pippin welcomed her new owners Andrew & Leisa with glee apparently. I only witnessed the family gathering from a far but Pippin was sitting down and offering her paw at the time. Nicky will share all.
Our special thanks to Angie & Amanda in Safe & Sound for being Pippin's bedrock when she most needed that faith and support. Our thanks to all our Guildford volunteers who have cheered Pippin along helping her to regain confidence around dogs and making Pippin so ripe for homing.
Oh my, this was one of those very special homings which despite my best efforts left me teary in the car park afterwards - for all the right reasons!
It was fitting that the weather was so spectacular for Pippin's special, special day and excitement was in the air for Andrew and Leisa (and for all the Guidlford walkers waiting to hear with bated breath how the meeting went). As some of you may know Pippin can be nervous of new men so I had asked Andrew to ignore her to start with so she could move things along at her own pace. And out of the gate she bounced with her very special walker friend Megan ... and promptly bounced up to Andrew and jumped up for a hug! Extraordinary for Pippin and it was clear immediately that this was one of those "meant to be" homings!
Off we went for Pippin's lovely last Guildford walk and she could definitely sense something was in the air as she pony trotted along in her pretty new harness. Andrew was like a magnet for her, and it was such a delight to see her so happy and confident with him and with Leisa in such a short time. I really didn't need to ask the question at the end of the walk ... it was a 'slam dunk' all round! Paperwork completed, one last special Pippin cuddle for Megan (cue tears for everyone!) and then into the car ... and oh my goodness she couldn't get into Andrew and Leisa's car fast enough! One happy smiley dog sitting on the back seat with Leisa and as we waved them off all we could see was Pippin's tail wagging furiously through the back window
Andrew and Leisa, thank you from the bottom of our hearts for taking Pippin into yours. She's a very special girl who has waited far too long for "her family" but today really proved she was waiting for YOU! You have made so many people spectacularly happy today! THANK YOU!
Special thanks also to Megan who has been Pippin's anchor whist she waited for Andrew and Leisa, supporting and guiding her throughout. You'll always have a special place in Pippin's heart, Megan, as she will in yours.
indeed, what a wonderful homing and that photo, such joy all round and yes Nicky, you've made me cry too, happy tears, the good ones !
Yay! Pippin!!!! I will never forget meeting you the first day you arrived at Guildford. Very calm and slightly bewildered but as always ever so sweet! Be happy little one! Xxxx
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2009)
The Russell–Einstein Manifesto was issued in London on 9 July 1955 by Bertrand Russell in the midst of the Cold War. It highlighted the dangers posed by nuclear weapons and called for world leaders to seek peaceful resolutions to international conflict. The signatories included eleven pre-eminent intellectuals and scientists, including Albert Einstein, who signed it just days before his death on 18 April 1955. A few days after the release, philanthropist Cyrus S. Eaton offered to sponsor a conference—called for in the manifesto—in Pugwash, Nova Scotia, Eaton's birthplace. This conference was to be the first of the Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs, held in July 1957.
The first detonation of an atomic weapon took place on 16 July 1945 in the desert north of Alamogordo, New Mexico. On 6 August 1945, the US dropped Little Boy on the Japanese city of Hiroshima and, three days later, Fat Man on Nagasaki. At least 100,000 civilians were killed outright by these two bombings.
On 18 August 1945, the Glasgow Forward published the first known recorded comment by Bertrand Russell on atomic weapons, which he began composing the day Nagasaki was bombed. It contained threads that would later appear in the manifesto:
The prospect for the human race is sombre beyond all precedent. Mankind are faced with a clear-cut alternative: either we shall all perish, or we shall have to acquire some slight degree of common sense. A great deal of new political thinking will be necessary if utter disaster is to be averted.
After learning of the bombing of Hiroshima and seeing an impending nuclear arms race, Joseph Rotblat, the only scientist to leave the Manhattan Project on moral grounds, remarked that he "became worried about the whole future of mankind".
Over the years that followed Russell and Rotblat worked on efforts to curb nuclear proliferation, collaborating with Albert Einstein and other scientists to compose what became known as the Russell–Einstein Manifesto.
The manifesto was released during a press conference at Caxton Hall, London. Rotblat, who chaired the meeting, describes it as follows:
... It was thought that only a few of the Press would turn up and a small room was booked in Caxton Hall for the Press Conference. But it soon became clear that interest was increasing and the next larger room was booked. In the end the largest room was taken and on the day of the Conference this was packed to capacity with representatives of the press, radio and television from all over the world. After reading the Manifesto, Russell answered a barrage of questions from members of the press, some of whom were initially openly hostile to the ideas contained in the Manifesto. Gradually, however, they became convinced by the forcefulness of his arguments, as was evident in the excellent reporting in the Press, which in many cases gave front page coverage.
I am bringing the warning pronounced by the signatories to the notice of all the powerful Governments of the world in the earnest hope that they may agree to allow their citizens to survive.
The manifesto called for a conference where scientists would assess the dangers posed to the survival of humanity by weapons of mass destruction (then only considered to be nuclear weapons). Emphasis was placed on the meeting being politically neutral. It extended the question of nuclear weapons to all people and governments. One particular phrase is quoted often, including by Rotblat upon receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1995:
The manifesto called for an international conference, and was originally planned by Jawaharlal Nehru to be held in India. This was delayed by the outbreak of the Suez Crisis. Aristotle Onassis offered to finance a meeting in Monaco, but this was rejected. Instead, Cyrus Eaton, a Canadian industrialist who had known Russell since 1938, offered to finance the conference in his hometown of Pugwash, Nova Scotia. The Russell–Einstein Manifesto became the Pugwash Conferences' founding charter. The first of the conferences was held in July 1957 in London.
An enterprising approach to regional growth: Implications for policy and the role of vocational education and training | USC Research Bank - University of the Sunshine Coast
Communities & Collections By Resource Type By Supervisor By Title by Author/Creator By Subject By Year
Home List Of Titles An enterprising approach to regional growth: Implications for policy and the role of vocational education and training
An enterprising approach to regional growth: Implications for policy and the role of vocational education and training
This report explores patterns of regional economic growth in Australia over the period 1984 to 2002 with the aim of identifying the drivers of variation in regional growth; the research also aimed to identify regional opportunities and the policies and practices that can assist in realising them, in particular, the contribution the VET sector may make towards regional growth. The research found that human capital, especially ‘enterprising’ human capital, whereby individuals take responsibility for action, is the key driver of regional growth.
FoR 1401 (Economic Theory) | regional development | theory | policy | human capital | vocational education and training
This guy apparently met some people in person while responding to an advert to play D&D. The video explains better than I could:
This is the bleakest setting I've ever had the pleasure of reading. Black Sun Deathcrawl is a Dungeon Crawl Classics setting by Ja...
Back in the dim and distant days of 2004, White Wolf Publishing rebooted its famous World of Darkness line to wipe away thirteen years of ...
(If you want to skip the rambling, I made a bunch of Star Trek races in Savage Worlds . You can cobble the rest of the setting together wi...
So, there are several, but here's a Shakespearean insult generator . It combines canonical Shakespearean insults with a list from this ...
I'm still invested in Primeval Thule even though it has not quite reached its goals. The campaign has four days left and about a thir...
So a while back, I posted a thing about a D&D 4e Planeswalker splat for Magic: the Gathering . Now there's something more official...
About three-and-a-half years ago, I wrote an article on the Slender Man , with a focus on using him in fantasy settings. Well, guess what?...
So over on the Unknown Armies Fan Club on Facebook , I'm running a play-by-post illegal street race in Los Angeles — think The Fast and ...
I'm a little late with my report, but June 20, 2015, was Free RPG Day . For previous reports, check out 2012 and 2014 . As with last...
The following is an unnatural entity for Unknown Armies . Stats are for third edition, but conversion for first and second editions are pro...
I have been running roleplaying games since 1998, and playing since a little after that. In 2011, I decided to start writing about the hobby.
With the quick form to the right, you can easily send us a message letting us know what you might be thinking, or if you just want to ask us about our services.
All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner. The comments are property of their posters, all the rest 2005 by me.
PHP-Nuke Copyright © 2005 by Francisco Burzi. This is free software and you may redistribute it under the GPL. PHP-Nuke comes with absolutely no warranty for details see the license.
Pearland residents know their families are safe and secure in the community and surrounding areas...
As the fastest growing city in Houston and the second fastest growing in Texas, Pearland is a nat...
As the fastest growing city in the Houston region, Pearland has everything your company needs to be successful. Affordable housing, outstanding schools, safe neighborhoods and superb quality of life has led to tremendous growth in Pearland. With millions of square feet of retail, office and residential construction completed in the past 10 years, Pearland is on its way to becoming the next major employment center in the Houston region. Our close proximity to Houston, just a short 20 minute drive to downtown, allows you to experience all the city has to offer including professional sports, world-class cultural amenities and recreation.
With 300,000 square feet, it is the largest dedicated cell-and-gene-therapy manufacturing facility in the world.
Developer of absorbable medical devices relocates to new 1,900 square-foot office and research space in Pearland
A partnership between Alvin Community College and the University of Houston-Clear Lake will offer classes for freshmen and sophomores including algebra, English composition, psychology and history at UH-CL's Pearland campus
Texans treasure family, so it’s no surprise that two Texas cities have been rated the nation’s most family-friendly, and two others are in the top 10.
Brazoria County began the construction process in late July on the Brazoria County Expressway, also known as the Hwy. 288 toll lanes project.
The Pearland Economic Development Corporation has attracted major employers and developers that are spending millions to expand their footprint in Pearland.
In an effort to boost recruitment and Pearland’s aesthetic appeal, the PEDC unveiled its strategy in June to redevelop the Hwy. 35 corridor from Beltway 8 to FM 518.
HBJ's 2016 Deals of the Year highlight the most impactful deals that closed this year and the dealmakers behind them.
Community Impact - The University of Houston-Clear Lake Pearland campus will break ground on a second building in 2017 after Pearland City Council approved the donation of land to the school system June 18.
Community Impact - Approximately 10 years after Kirby Drive was extended south into Pearland, the area surrounding the thoroughfare has become a growing hub for a range of development.
Pearland, Friendswood experience year of strong economic growth, increased sales tax revenue in 2015.
With one of the most highly-educated and diverse communities in the Houston region, outstanding schools and a great quality of life, there's no better place to set-up shop than Pearland, Texas.
Unik WordPress Theme is a imaginative and completely responsive WordPress Theme for business as well as other website.
badcock furniture more furniture bedroom sets excellent design furniture bedroom sets 5 twin bedroom home furniture more furniture king bedroom sets badcock furniture adjustable bed.
home furniture more of south badcock pensacola florida employee reviews concord north carolina,badcock furniture crestview florida pensacola king north carolina living room sets fancy and more,home furniture more furnishings sign construction badcock gainesville florida credit department,badcock furniture credit payment department the shopper classifieds local businesses king north carolina,home furniture more register construction badcock king nc adel ga adjustable bed,badcock furniture credit limit increase design home amp more throughout and inspirations 9 department ad,wonderful furniture bedroom sets with espresso 5 badcock reviews home more concord nc pensacola florida,bedrooms more badcock furniture recliners adjustable bed crestview florida,badcock furniture ad design interesting bedroom sets grace silver 3 concord nc credit card payment,badcock furniture ocala florida south various beds of commercial black friday ad.
NORWALK ? She'll remember the two Foothill League championships. She'll recall setting a personal-best mark of 11 feet 3 in Santa Barbara. And she'll think of her league record-setting mark of 11-1. When Burbank High girls' pole vaulter Ginny English looks back on her high school career, the senior will think of the fond memories in her stellar tenure. Her experience at the CIF Southern Section Track and Field Championships on Saturday might be soon cleared from her memory bank, though.
Mirjam Swanson NORWALK -- With a brilliant kick around the last curve of her Division II 800-meter race at the CIF Southern Section Track and Field Finals at Cerritos College, Burroughs High sophomore runner Carolyn Brown ensured that two Indian athletes will compete at the Masters Meet for the second straight year. Brown joins senior teammate Tony Ahr, who qualified for Friday's meet at Cerritos College by finishing third in the Division II 1,600 with a personal best time of four minutes 16.05 seconds Saturday.
NORWALK — A pair of local boys’ track and field athletes advanced to Friday’s CIF Southern Section Masters Meet out of the CIF Southern Section Division I Finals on Saturday at Cerritos College. Burroughs High senior Western Nelson finished fourth in the Division I 3,200-meter race and will be seeded ninth when the runners reconvene at Cerritos College for the Masters Meet on Friday evening. Burbank junior Greg Dotson finished sixth in the Division I 800 and qualified as the second alternate for masters.
Jeff Tully BURROUGHS HIGH -- Burroughs High track and field co-Coach John Peebles had a little agreement with Indian junior runner Carolyn Brown a few days before the CIF Southern Section Masters Meet. If the middle-distance runner qualified for the CIF-State Track and Field Preliminaries in the 800 meters, Peebles promised he would bleach his brown hair blond. Thanks to a fine performance by Brown Friday at Cerritos College, Peebles showed up Tuesday for his classes at Burroughs with a new golden hairdo.
BELLARMINE-JEFFERSON HIGH -- Pharrin Lewis wasn't involved in sports when she first came to Bellarmine-Jefferson High. "I a lot of people don't know this, but Pharrin started out as a cheerleader for us, and she wasn't involved in athletics," Bell-Jeff Athletic Director Bryan Camacho said. "But we could see she was a good athlete, so we begged her to come out and play sports for us." That encouragement led Lewis to become a fine two-sport athlete for the Guards.
WALNUT — At this point in the track and field season, Burroughs High senior Sadee Martinez enters each race knowing it could be her last. With each week the competition becomes increasingly more difficult, and when blazing heat is added to the equation, continuing to prolong a season with solid races can become a dicey proposition. But Martinez was up the challenge on Saturday, as she battled through heat in the high 90s to finish in fifth place in the Division I girls’ 1,600-meters race in 4 minutes, 59.79 seconds at the Division I CIF Southern Section Track and Field Finals at Mount San Antonio College in Walnut.
NORWALK -- For Kyle Ivie and Carolyn Brown, running in Saturday's CIF Southern Section Track and Field Championship was probably the least stressful aspect of their respective days at Cerritos College's Falcon Stadium. It was during lengthy waiting periods on the infield grass following their races in the Division II final that the nerves and tension began to mount for two of the area's most celebrated athletes. Ivie was admittedly more confident than Brown, as the Burbank senior knew that despite finishing fourth in a loaded boys' 1,600-meter field, he had almost assured himself a spot for Friday's Master's Meet -- the top nine competitors in Southern California -- at Cerritos College.
Chris Morris tried to calm himself as he walked onto the track at Cerritos College. As he glanced around at his competition, he became increasingly more uneasy. As a wide-eyed sophomore, the Burroughs High sprinter had not idea what was in store for him in the boys? 400-meter race at the Division II CIF Southern Section Track and Field Finals last season. ?I was nervous even before I got into the blocks for the race,? Morris said. ?I was in the finals, and I didn?t know how I was going to do.?
BURBANK — With Greg Dotson running some of the fastest times in the nation this season in the boys' 800 meters, many figured the Burbank High senior would go deep into the track and field postseason. However, the question persisted: Could another area athlete find continued success alongside Dotson? That question was answered Saturday in the CIF Southern Section Track and Field Championships at Cerritos College. Not only was Dotson able to do well and qualify for Friday's CIF Southern Section Masters Meet at Cerritos College, but he will be joined at the competition by Burroughs High sophomore Anthony Monroy, who is moving on in the boys' 3,200.
CERRITOS ? Entering Friday night?s CIF Southern Section Masters Meet at Cerritos College, Burroughs High senior Sadee Martinez knew it was going to take a personal-record effort to carry her through to next week?s CIF-California State Track and Field Championships. The field in the girls? 1,600 meters was stacked with talented distance runners, and the at-large mark she needed to advance was a second better than her previous best time. None of that seemed to faze Martinez, however, as she entered confident and up for the challenge.
With the BNP getting two members elected to the European Parliament in Britain and various other Fascist organisations doing well in countries as diverse as Hungary, Austria and France, there is a great importance in analysing and understanding these movements in order to prevent the recurrence of what Victor Serge called "The Midnight of the Century".
Robert Paxton's work is a well researched, readable and excellent introduction to the debates around Fascism. His explicit reason for doing this, is to understand Fascism, so that it can be stopped.
It needs to be made clear right at the start of this review, that while Paxton clearly doesn't describe himself as a Marxist, many of his arguments and positions share similarities with the analysis that Marxists like Leon Trotsky developed.
Paxton does not believe that Fascism is simply a more virulent strand of racism. Nor does he think it is a more violent right-wing movement than others. Paxton understands that Fascism comes at an explicit time in history and has an explicit historical role.
"Although precursors [of Fascism] can be identified before 1914.... adequate space was not available for fascism until after World War 1 and the Bolshevik Revolution. Fascist movements could first reach full development only in the out wash from those two tidal waves".
The strength of the Fascist's ability to destroy the organisations of the left and the working class rely on their ability to mobilise large numbers of people. Paxton argues then, that Fascism also requires "mass politics". He develops his theory of Fascism in much the same way that Trotsky does. In various countries, at various moments, the ruling class see Fascists as the only organisations powerful enough to protect their system from threats to it's integrity - revolution for instance. This is particularly obvious with Germany and Italy were powerful working class movements threatened capitalism, or at least the ability of capitalists to exploit workers as they wanted.
The economic and political crises of the 1920s and 1930s didn't only impact Germany and Italy in those decades, they hit the whole world. So why was Fascism successful in Italy and then Germany, but not say, in Britain, where groups like Moseley's BUF were getting significant support?
There are a number of reasons for this. In some countries the ruling class managed to rescue capitalism and undermine working class resistance without resorting to the armed thugs of Fascist organisations. In other countries, the Fascists failed, for various subjective reasons, to be able to portray themselves as viable. In some countries, the Fascists were defeated.
Here I think that Paxton under values the way that in some countries Fascists were physically defeated. The battle of Cable Street in 1936 stopped the BUF in its tracks, breaking its ability to take to the streets to attack Jews and Communists. Yet this gets only a single mention in the book with no analysis of the decline of the BUF afterwards. Similarly in France a mass united anti-fascist movement confronted and broke the French fascist organisations in 1934. Again, barely a mention of these mass movements.
Similarly, in more recent times, Paxton fails to mention the success of (say) the Anti-Nazi League and Rock Against Racism in stopping the National Front in Britain in the 1970s. Or even, the huge protests against Le Pen and Haider that have taken place at various points. Again, by ignoring this opposition, we are left with the image of unstoppable movements in Europe with no obvious explanation as to why there isn't a linear rise of the right. This is not to say that every anti-fascist movement has been successful, but it is important to acknowledge that in every country, the majority of people are opposed to the Fascists.
Additionally, by not mentioning anti-fascist movements Paxton overplays the importance of specific conditions in countries to make or break fascism at an early stage. He is in danger then, or getting to a situation where he might argue that nothing can be done. Recent history in Britain, has shown that it is possible for anti-fascist mobilisations to serious set-back fascists on the streets.
However this is a criticism of this book that is very much in a spirit of dialogue. Paxton's explanation of the nature of Fascism, his historical examples of Fascism in action and his description of how Fascism worked in power are extremely interesting and useful.
For anyone concerned about the far-right today, this is a very important book. But reading it is only one stage of stopping a repeat of the Holocaust. Getting out and being part of confronting, arguing against and stopping Fascists today is the next stage. Go here for more information on how to do that.
I did worry when I put this post up that it would be a magnet for various Fascist trolls from around the world. I have not been disappointed.
As someone committed to the principle of No Platform for Fascists, I will be deleting all pro-Nazi comments (trolls or otherwise).
I read this book around the time I joined the SWP, and now I actually have to do a meeting on fascism I can't find it - so this is a pretty useful review :)
This month saw the 75th anniversary of the Jewish Warsaw Ghetto uprising against the Nazis. This prompted me to re-read this extraordinary account of the rising by Marek Edelman. Edelman was a socialist, a member of the Bund, an organisation of Jewish socialists, who, along with other groups, including radical left-wing Zionist organisations decided to resist Nazi attempts to deport Jews from the Ghetto to the concentration camps.
Hindsight makes it very difficult to read. We know what was to happen to those who were sent to Treblinka and other camps, but those in the Ghettos did not. Edelman's organisations began to get news from brave individuals about what was taking place, and they produced news sheets to explain to the thousands in the Ghettos what was happening. But it seemed to fantastic - as Edelman writes, "people who clung to their lives with superhuman determination were unable to believe that they could be killed in such a manner". When the decision to "liquidate" the Ghetto was made, the Nazis made the Jewish Council announce that all "non productive" Jews were to be deported, and ensured that the "Jewish police was designated as the agency to execute the deportation order". As Edelman explains this mean that the Germans "made the Jewish Council itself condemn over 300,000 Ghetto inhabitants to death".
It is hard to comprehend the callousness of the Nazis. But this deportation order came on the back of their systematic violence against Jews in the Ghetto - arbitrary killing and torture. The sections of the book that describe life in the Ghetto, with the constant threat from the Nazis, as well as the desperation of hunger and poverty of the inhabitants, are terrible to read. As are the accounts of the conditions in the areas were the Jews were gathered to face deportation:
The sick, adults as well as children, previously brought here from the hospital lie deserted in the cold halls. They relieve themselves right where they lie, and remain in the stinking slime of excrement and urine. Nurses search the crowd for their fathers and mothers and, having found them, inject longed for deathly morphine into their veins, their own eyes gleaming wildly. One doctor compassionately pours a cyanide solution into the feverish mouths of strange, sick children. To offer one's cyanide to somebody else is now the most precious, the most irreplaceable thing. It brings a quiet, peaceful death, it saves from the horror of the cars.
When the decision to liquidate all the Jews in the Ghetto is finally made, the groups of organisations that have come together to form fighting units eventually resist. With a handful of weapons, including a single semi-automatic machine gun, and homemade grenades they stop the Germans dead, killing dozens. Edelman rights that once the Nazis plan is clear, every house "becomes a fortress". In the midst of the horror, the resistance is inspirational, despite the fact that most of those fighting back are doomed by the German's overwhelming firepower.
At the same time heavy fighting raged at Muranowski Square. Here the Germans attacked from all directions. The cornered partisans defended themselves bitterly and succeeded, by truly superhuman efforts, in repulsing the attacks. Two German machine guns as well as a quantity of other weapons were captured. A German tank was burned, the second tank of the day. At 2pm, not a single live German remained int he Ghetto area.
Some of the fighters did eventually escape, some joining Polish resistance fighters, and their story did reach the world. After the war Marek Edelman wrote this book and it was published in Warsaw in 1945, then in English in 1946. It is an inspiration story, and demonstrates that contrary to many myths, Jewish people did not walk passively into the Concentration camps, but many fought back. Today we see the growth of the far-right across Europe, with a rise in racism, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia. In Eastern Europe we see fascists and the far-right beginning to gain real traction. The Ghetto Fights is an inspirational story to help us build resistance today.
This short work by Frederick Engels is rarely read, but it forms an important part of his contribution to Marxist historical works and theory. Dealing with the German Peasant War of 1525-1526, part of the enormous upheavals that shook Europe during the Reformation, Engels argues that this has it roots in the economic changes taking place in German society, combined with the class struggle between those at the bottom of society and the ruling classes. Engels explains that in contrast to Britain and France which were seeing the rise of "commerce and industry" a consequent political centralisation,
Germany had not got any further than grouping interests by provinces... which led to poltiical division...Uncertain of its own position, the imperial government vacillated between the various elements comprising the Empire, and thereby lost more and more authority... In these circumstances, the position of the classes inherited from the Middle Ages had changed considerably, and new classes had emerged beside the old.
These new classes were beginning to struggle for their own interests. It would be wrong to argue that these new classes were capitalists, or represented capitalism trying to break through. But they were traders, merchants and urban ruling class who were getting wealthy from the "growth of commerce and the handicrafts". They wanted more control over their ability to make wealth, and end to taxes and tithes that stole their wealth and while these "did not overstep purely constitutional limits" they wanted a larger share of power. At the same time there was a growing "plebeian opposition" which "brought together... parts of the old feudal and guild society with the undeveloped, budding proletarian elements of the germinating modern bourgeois society". At the same time, the peasant mass of Germany were struggling under the oppression and exploitation of society, desperate for more land, more wealth and an end to their poverty.
Because the dominant ideology in 16th century Germany was religion, the arguments and struggles played out through religious language, but were about much more than interpretations of the Bible or arguments about religious practice. As Engels explains:
It is clear that under the circumstances all the generally voiced attacks against feudalism, above all the attacks against the church, and all revolutionary social and political doctrines were necessarily also mostly theological heresies. The existing social relations had to be stripped of their halo of sanctity before they could be attacked.
The two key figures in this struggle were Martin Luther and Thomas Müntzer. Engels argues that both of these were shaped by the political and economic milieus that they operated within. Luther, he argues, rebelled within a safe set of boundaries:
When in 1517 Luther first opposed the dogmas and statutes of the Catholic Church his opposition was by no means of a definite character. Though it did not overstep the demands of the earlier burgher heresy, it did not and could not rule out any trend which went further... But this initial revolutionary zeal was short-lived. Luther's lightning struck home. The entire German people was set in motion.
He dropped the popular elements of the movement and took the side of the burghers, the nobility and the princes. His appeals for a war of extermination against Rome resounded no more.
Engels writes about Luther becoming more and more the "vassal" of the princes who had the most to gain from the struggle against the nobility. Müntzer on the other hand was the voice of those at the bottom of society. Engels portrays him as anticipating much later political movements; "his political programme approached communism" writes Engels. Certainly Müntzer did have a Communist approach, along the lines of the ideas of Gerrard Winstanley a century or so later.
By the kingdom of God Müntzer meant a society with no class differences, no private property and no state authority independent of, and foreign to the members of society. All the existing authorities, insofar as they refused to submit and join the revolution, were to be overthrown,m all work and all property shared in common and complete equality introduced.
Müntzer set out to organise this. He preached, wrote tracts and travelled to the areas of greatest unrest organising and mobilising the masses. Engels claims Müntzer not just as an early Communist thinker, but an early vanguard revolutionary organiser, who "organised a party of the elite of the then existing revolutionary elements, which, inasmuch as it shared his ideas and energy, always remained only a small minority of the insurgent masses".
Unfortunately the mass peasant armies could not prevail against the organisation of the ruling class, though they has some impressive victories. Tens of thousands were killed, or executed or lost their lands for their rebellion. Müntzer himself is executed for his leading role.
Engels is writing in the context of the defeat of the 1848 revolution in Germany. He's trying to explain why during that Revolution the bourgeoisie was unwilling to carry through its revolution. In essence it is the same reason as why the discontent princes of Germany would not support the Peasants risings in 1525 - they were not willing to lose their own wealth and privilege and preferred to join the suppression of the masses.
The Reformation can be a confusing mass of shifting alliances and religious currents. In this short book, Engels cuts through all of this and highlights the real economic and political changes. He doesn't ignore the story of the war either, but puts it in the context of wider events. There are also fascinating parallels between this and other peasant risings, and looking at the 12 "articles" produced by the German Peasantry I was struck by the close similarities with contemporary risings in places like England - in particular Kett's Rebellion of 1549. This short book is a brilliant example of the Marxist method and is a classic of historical materialism. Few other authors have come close to Engels in their accounts of the period and this book should be required reading for students of the period.
One of the great things about the Inspector Morse novels is that they are relatively timeless. Morse and Lewis don't have mobile phones and communication suffers as a result, but by and large the books could be set in contemporary times. Reading The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn I didn't realise that it was first published as long ago as 1977 until I checked the front of the book. Amusingly the thing that made me look up the date was a part in the plot where a character travels back from London to Oxford first class instead of of the second class his ticket allowed. On admitting this at Oxford the staff member tells him it doesn't matter. Try doing that on Virgin Trains today!
As with all Morse novels, little details like this matter even though while you read them they seem somewhat inconsequential. The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn is finely crafted in this regard. It is set in the dusty atmosphere of the Foreign Examinations Syndicate. A rather fuddy-duddy organisation that allows foreign students to sit British exams and then potentially get into English universities. Unsurprisingly, given that some of their biggest clients appear to be royalty in oil-rich Gulf states, there is a sniff of corruption, and when Nicholas Quinn is murdered, the reader is won't be surprised in the slightest.
Quinn is almost completely deaf, and until I read up about the book, I didn't realise that the sections that deal with his hearing difficulties (and which form a crucial plot point) were based on Colin Dexter's own experiences. In fact its this aspect of the mystery which actually means that Morse makes a unusual mistake and accuses the wrong person.
This is only the third volume of the series, and Morse's character isn't quite as well rounded as he is in later books. I was surprised by Morse's sexism in this book. In fact, at one point, Dexter has the detective's side-kick Lewis describe Morse (internally of course) as "crude" following a comment made about a female suspect. While I've noted before that Morse isn't actually that likeable, I don't recall Morse being quite so aggressively sexist in other books (though he frequently thinks and comments on women's looks and bodies) and this volume does also involve a pornographic movie as part of the story which seemed slightly odd. One of the problems with the TV series of Morse is that it made him much more loveable, and a lot less sexist and rude, and viewers can be surprised at the Morse of the books.
Despite the sexism, the plot is entertaining, though I always feel you're reading Morse as much for the atmosphere as the whodunit. The ending is, as I said, unusual, in that Morse get's it wrong initially - but that helps round out his character a little more - he certainly isn't the infallible Holmes type. More interestingly, Dexter uses a sort of Agatha Christie Poirot denunciation at this, perhaps to increase the embarrassment that follows Morse's mistake - for the character and the reader.
Like all of Colin Dexter's novels, this is a tight read. It's not the best Morse book, but it fills in some blanks and has some memorable clever moments.
Outcasts of Time is a beautiful book. It tells the story of two Devon men caught up in 1348 in the horror of the plaque. John Wrayment is a skilled stonemason who has carved many of the statues in Exeter cathedral, including the faces of his beloved wife Catherine and his brother William Beard. William is more boisterous, interested in wine, women and song. John's attempts to do a good dead for a baby whose mother has died of the plague. His brother chastises him, arguing that it will bring them no good and only delay their perilous journey home. The good dead turns into its opposite, and in horror and anger, John question's God's purpose.
A disembodied voice offers the two brothers a choice. Return home, and die from the plague, or live six more days each day spaced at intervals of 99 years. The brothers take the second option and their journey through Devon's history begins.
It's a wonderful pretext for a novel. It's made better by Ian Mortimer's historical knowledge and eye for detail. There's plenty here on how the villages change, on how the improving fabric of the buildings themselves allow John and William to see that the country is growing wealthier, though neither brother is naive enough to miss the poverty in the backstreets. There are poignant moments, particularly when the brothers return to their home village and see places they know well, but ruined by age and decay.
John in particular, to William's annoyance believes he has a quest to full-fill. His attempts to do good, improve things take various forms - including simply doing a hard days work. But nothing seems to come of it. But the over-arching change, one that John finds particularly difficult, is the way his religion is taken from him and destroyed by the rise of Protestantism. He visits Exeter cathedral after the Reformation and is shocked to have to pay to enter, but even more shocked to see the destruction of the beautiful statues he has made. Later he comes to blame Henry VIII but he keeps his own faith close, despite it putting him and his brother in danger.
Mortimer does this transformation brilliantly. The brothers can understand technology - there's a touching scene in the 19th century when a clergyman explains steam engines - but they are more upset and shocked by the way that their religious framework has been dismantled. John is particularly troubled by this - if he is on a religious journey or quest, then why is his religion destroyed?
A friend of mine who read this said that they'd enjoyed it, but found it too religious. But for most of the last 800 years most people in England would have only understood the world through their religion. Mortimer's description of the transformation of England works so well precisely because he understands that the changes aren't simply technological, or political, but they are about how the whole ideological fabric of the country was remade. And he let's us understand what that might have meant to an ordinary person experiencing part of the changes. It is, after all, why many people took up arms to defend their communities and their faith during the Reformation.
A recent visit to the World War One battlefields of Flanders has awakened an interest in that horrific conflict, but having read a number of books written by British authors that contained eyewitness accounts from Allied troops, I was pleased to find this book by a German soldier. Georg Bücher's In the Line was a well known book when it was first published, but has been out of print for many years and this new edition seems timed for the 100th anniversary of the end of the war.
German accounts of World War One are always tainted by the Second one. This is in part because of the way that Hitler used Germany's defeat as a corner-stone of his propaganda. In particular the punitive Treaty of Versailles and the idea that Germany's army was "stabbed in the back". So Bücher's account is interesting on two levels.
The first of these is his own experiences. Bücher was the only one of a group of friends who made it all the way through the war. Given the scale of the slaughter this in itself is incredible. He fought at Verdun, the Somme and Passchendaele among other major battles, and saw his best friends killed. For those who know their military history of the War there is a lot here in terms of the experience of soldiers in the opposite trenches. This was little different to that of the Allies, though it got worse towards the end of the war. Mud, lice, shell-shock, dirt and the constant discussion of women and the quest for alcohol. Bücher also describes some other events, including this shocking account of a counter-attack against French-Senegalese troops to, Bücher says, "avenge" dead German soldiers "brutally mutilated by the Senegalese". Bücher also uses language that is offensive to us today, perhaps reflecting his politics (more on that later):
With death before us we drove the howling Senegalese back into our old trenches, where lay the comrades, foully mutilated and still shuddering... what mutilations! Eyes gone, dirt and mud in their mouths and noses, bayonets through their wrists and cheeks. The sight was more than we could bear - it turned us into madmen. Yet we did not-murder: we only fought with the fury of annihilation...drive the drunken bellowing, stinking black horde into the dug-outs. There was no mercy...
Bücher's racism here, becomes combined with anger at the madness of war and those who make men kill each other,
At Lorette we were avengers; but our vengeance was taken only on the black beasts. The pity was that Riedel's spade could not batter in the heads of those who were actually responsible: the white-skinned officers by whose permission and orders the blacks had been soaked in absinthe before the attack.
Either deliberately, or accidentally, Bücher frequently is guilty of double-standards. Enemies who are drunk must have been forced to drink by their officers, though he and his friends are frequently drunk. He claims his forces are not murdering, yet his best friend prefers to use a spade to kill the enemy. This is hypocrisy, but it gives a sense of the reality of total, industrial slaughter.
The account follows Bücher's war, including a period when he is hospitalised. It is a very personal war, and he and his comrades frequently set out to avenge the death of a friend. They debate the progress of the conflict, but actually care only for events in their small section. Hatred is reserved for the enemy, and cynicism for their own generals.
The second reason this book is interesting is that it is produced in the 1930s response to accusations that the German army was cowardly. Frequently Bücher denies this, but one wonders where his political sympathies lay at this point. He often notes how Social Democrat propaganda is sapping the morale of his comrades (though he conflates this sometimes with enemy propaganda) and one of his friends, who is a pacifist, redeems himself in Bücher's eyes by dying bravely in battle. Bücher condemns those behind the lines who fail to understand his experience and concludes
In the unspeakable horrors of the western front we had heard something more than the voice of death...no life without struggle; no life without death; no security without weapons... Avalanches may roll, winds of fury rage, unchained powers hold mastery for a time. As with nature, so is it in the life of the individual, of the masses, of a nation: one hour passes, another follows and with it the sun may shine again. Therefore: Si pacem vis...
By the time he writes this, has Bücher come under the influence of the Nazis? His language seems to echo their language of destiny and the importance of war in shaping the population. If so, it seems strange that Bücher even mentioned that he was elected a "chosen member of the soldier's council" in the revolutionary wave that ended World War One.
I've not been able to find out more about Bücher's life - it would be interesting to know where he ended up. His politics are not of the left, and perhaps he was influenced while writing by the increasing right-wing atmosphere in the late 1920s. So these memoirs are interesting in that they depict the experiences of an ordinary German soldier in World War One, but they also give us an insight into how some of the veterans felt a decade after the war ended. Certainly one can imagine Hitler approving of some of the sentiments in Bücher's book.
In a review in the Spectator in 1932 Graham Greene mocked the author's writing. The book is terribly over-written in places, but to me that underlines the authenticity of the book. One wanders what Greene made of the politics...
One final thing. Potential readers should be aware that this book is full of typographical errors. Many of them seem like errors from the scanning of the text. It is a shame that the publishers didn't correct these.
I really liked the beginning of this unusual fantasy novel. Newly wed teacher Thomas Senlin arrives at the Tower of Babel with his wife for their honeymoon. Babel has long held Senlin's imagination back in his far off, small village were he teaches his students science, economics, history and politics using Babel as an example. Senlin is no action hero. He's clumsy, unsure and easily startled. The embodiment of what we might called the Enlightenment he clearly believes that the world would be better if only everyone understood the rules behind it all. Disappointingly for Senlin, the local workers, peasants and craftsmen are not particularly interested in his scientific explanations as they do little to help them with their lives.
Such abstract knowledge is Senlin's biggest problem at the start of the novel. Because Babel is very different to the image that he has created in his head. At ground level its markets are a seething mass of humanity, few of whom care for outsiders other than as people to be fleeced. Immediately on arrival Senlin loses his wife, his luggage and the self absurdness he has from faithfully believing guidebooks to the Tower written by authors who have never been there.
Senlin's attempts to find his wife involving him ascending upwards. The half of the book is a fantastical mix of Kafka and Alice in Wonderland as Senlin is trapped in the weird and wonderful lower tiers. The reader has as little clue as Senlin as to what is going on. Why are people peddling beer machines? Why is one whole floor of the tower given to a series of plays that the unwitting travel has to enter into, with strange instructions to "stoke the fires"? Why are people who get things run, or run out of money treated so badly? There are few answers here, though Senlin begins to piece things together on his quest.
Much of the early part of the book I read with a sense of unease. What was going on? Why? How will Senlin, the least capable person in the world, actually survive? Later the novel is on more familiar territory as Senlin finds some stability and begins to understand things. Clearly he is getting closer to finding his wife.
And then the book ends - I'd clearly missed all the hints that this was the first of several. The reader is faced with two existing sequels and a fourth in the pipe line. There was a time when every fantasy author felt they had to have three volumes to be like Tolkien. Such epic tales have their place. But there is also room for shorter stories, that suck the reader in and satisfy them quickly. Instead, resolution for Senlin seems a long way off, and I'm not sure I wanted to climb quite such a tall tower.
Nonetheless it is a well written piece of fantasy. Should time permit, I may return. There's much to enjoy here after all, a strange and disconcerting world; Thomas Senlin is a great character, and his wife Marya clearly is a woman more able to adapt to strange and dangerous circumstances, and a cast of weird and wonderful characters involved in a complex plot.
While it may not be apparent to readers of this blog one of my secret pleasures is the Western. I'm a huge fan of Sergio Leone in particular, and when I initially picked up this book I was mostly checking to see how the author's list tallied with my own. Barry Stone's justification for being the author of this book is that he too is an enormous fan, though his knowledge of Western films is far superior to mine, and thus I got a lot out of each of the fifty short pieces.
Reading through the list, I was struck repeatedly that the Western as a film is very rarely actually about the American West. For one thing, the Native American population rarely feature, and when they do (which is predominately in films from the earlier half of the 20th century) they are there are archetypal bad guys but even then they often serve to advance other stories.
Two films that Stone lists that do focus on the Native American experience (at least through the eyes of white viewers) include Dances with Wolves and Dead Man (the latter I haven't seen so I've added it to my list). But I was surprised that the 1970 film Soldier Blue didn't make Stone's list. I always saw this as both an attempt to graphically portray the brutality against Native Americans and as a comment on US Imperialism in Vietnam and elsewhere. It might also serve as a comment on the US Western as an art form.
But as with anyone "50 greatest" list there are going to be omissions here. I was however struck by the variety of films that Stone does include. Since there is a debate about what actually is a Western, it was brave of Stone to include Yojimbo and Seven Samurai both of which were enormously influential and have similar structures to classic western films. They are also both amazing films.
The list is slightly skewed by Stone's love of Quentin Tarantino. I enjoyed 2015's Hateful Eight in the cinema. But I'm not convinced it will stand the test of time and Morricone's film score is not his greatest. I particularly enjoyed Stone's analysis of some of the earlier Westerns. He points out how they are often dealing with big themes, but also are very different to modern films. This isn't simply about levels of sex and violence, but also how films are structured. As he writes about 1959's Rio Bavo, "Modern audiences aren't accustomed to the pace of 1950s westerns... a story with a straightforward plot that director Howard Hawks decided should take 2 hours and 21 minutes to tell... Long scenes devoid of action exist only to add complexity to the film's characters..."
He also notes how "moments when what is normally conveyed with words is achieved instead with a look". It's striking that this (and the use of the landscape) is a feature of so many westerns. Think Leone's focus on eyes. The emphasis on the individuals and the personal is crucial to so many such films and stems, in my opinion, from the way that US society focuses on the individual over society. It's part of the reason why film's like Soldier Blue can go against the type. That said, as Stone frequently points out, these films were often making critiques of that very position. High Noon being one classic example. This too can frequently be missed by modern audiences. I've never seen Broken Arrow (1959) and would feel uncomfortable watching a film where white actors are blacked up to play Native Americans. But as Stone explains, "Although the film could have been a lot more respectful of Native American culture... it was for its time a very genuine and laudable attempt to make a film that didn't;'t simply follow Hollywood norms... If you can leave any sophisticated, enlightened 21st-century thoughts on racism at the door and approach this film with a 1950s mentality, you'll discover a brave film that attempted to chart a new course for the genre... Broken Arrow is a progressive film that suggests ways forward for a divided and deeply prejudiced nation".
It's points like this that mean that Barry Stone's list is more than simply his favourite films, but also includes movies that might be forgotten or dismissed. It's added more than a few films to my own list of must sees, and I'd recommend it to the fan of the western genre.
Stephen Basdeo's book is a fascinating study of the cultural impact of one of England's most famous rebels: Wat Tyler, who was a key figure in the Great Revolt of 1381. I've written myself about the Peasants' Revolt and I won't repeat that here. For those who do not know the history Basdeo opens his book with a good summary of events, though he also encourages people to read Juliet Barker's excellent history. He also concludes his work with fascinating reprints of poems and ballads about Tyler from the periods he covers.
It is one of the ironies of history that the detail that we know most about Wat Tyler is the manner of his death. A whole number of contemporary accounts describe Tyler's murder at the hands of William Walworth, mayor of London, during negotiations with King Richard II as rebels from around London had converged on the capital. It's probably because of this that Tyler has become an iconic figure for generations after - though not always from the progressive side.
My first encounter with Wat Tyler was in the years following the Poll Tax rebellion against Margaret Thatcher. In the early 1990s it was still common to see activists wearing t-shirts celebrating the 1381 rebellion which had begun as with resistance to Richard II's poll tax. As a result of that, and I think because of William Morris' work The Dream of John Ball, the Peasant's Revolt was seen very much as the property of the far-left. Basdeo shows however that there are far deeper roots to Tyler's association with radical politics, but more surprisingly, Tyler was not always someone held up by progressive forces.
In the turmoil of the 1640s, Basdeo explains, the only side to use Wat Tyler's story were the Royalists. Prior to the 17th century, Tyler and John Ball had been held up as examples of people wanting to "overturn the social order". "Perhaps," wonders Basdeo, Tyler was "too radical, even for regicides". Instead, Royalists argued that Tyler shows the folly of trying to challenge the King and hence the real social order. In the words of one writer, Tyler was man who wanted to "change the Monarchy into anarchy". Rather neatly the 17th century writers were slurring those contemporaries who challenged the king (very few of whom before the late 1640s had ever considered deposing the king) as being potential regicides, or at least dangerous revolutionaries.
This approach towards Tyler and the Revolt continued into the next century. One quoted example, from 1769, argues that the events of 1381 showed the
absolute necessity it is for the nation to be provided with such laws, as may prevent even the first steps and approaches towards any riotous and disorderly meetings of the people; for, when once a mob are collected together; and they have done one act of violence, they soon proceed to another, till they perpetrate the most extravagant enormities, and the most horrid cruelties.. that may shake the foundation of a government.
18th century fears of the mob are here given a historical justification. In this, and other works, the struggles of Tyler and his mob, are contrasted by those who stood firm against them, which might have "accomplished the destruction of the Kingdom, had it not been for the gallant behaviour of its citizens". So at the end of the account, it all turns out alright. In one play that Basdeo quotes, performed at the "rowdy Bartholomew Fair", "it turns out the mob never wanted to follow Tyler all along. They had been duped by their wicked captain. Thereafter, due to the good king's grace all of the rebels are pardoned."
I am slightly wary however, about simply reading these accounts as designed to "safely contain" its subversive parts. At the same time as reading Basdeo's book I was reading Christopher Hill's A Nation of Change and Novelty and in his chapter on Literature and the English Revolution Hill demonstrates how, to escape censorship, authors often used happy acceptable endings to ensure their work was published. As Hill writes, "most masques were expected to end with all problems solved by a rex ex machina, and even writers who wished to criticise royal policy had to wrap their message up in so much flattery that there is every likelihood that the king missed the point."
It is entirely possible that authors of plays about Tyler had to end on an appropriate note or risk not being performed, rather than simply being opposed to radical politics. I speculate that playwrights wanted audience approval, they had to at least contain a few passages that would go well among the rowdy attendees at Bartholomew Fair.
As the 18th and then the 19th centuries develop, growing demands for reform from sections of society meant that Tyler's story again gets appropriated, this time to create an "imagined national community" where throughout history there had always been a section of English society who had fought for democracy, freedom and equality. Tyler, in this context, is remoulded as an early freedom fighter, a precursor of Chartists and others. He was no longer the leader of a mob, instead an entirely justified rebel against oppression. In one fascinating appropriation of Tyler, James 'Bronterre' O'Brien, lays the blame for Wat Tyler's defeat, not on the aristocracy, but on the "middle classes who had abandoned their former working-class comrades". O'Brien sees Walworth as a "London shopocrat", a "base and bloody-minded middle-man".
O'Brien's piece, written in 1837, is a reaction to the great defeat of the Reform Act, when the wealthier middle classes won the vote and backed down for further agitation to gain suffrage for the poorer workers. Tyler becomes a weapon in a 19th century struggle for a democracy which he could not even have comprehended.
Basdeo documents how Tyler's story becomes a growing part of the radical tradition, though not without being shaped by each generation's customs. During Victorian times, for instance, the story (and it is a story, without any historical evidence at all) that Tyler began the revolt after a tax collector sexually abused his daughter, became a way of fixing Victorian morals onto the rebellion. Increasingly Tyler also becomes a central figure in historical novels, and Basdeo gives us an excellent summary of these, including a few that I firmly intend to read. I was also amazed to learn that in 1969 the Peasant's Revolt was the subject of a American educational film with no less an actor than Anthony Hopkins staring as Wat Tyler.
Stephen Basdeo's book should be of interest to a far wider readership than those scholars studying 1381. It is a detailed example of how historical events can be used, and abused, by contemporary times to fit the needs of those defending the status quo and those challenging it. Wat Tyler and those who rose with him were struggling against a system that was cruel in its exploitation and oppression of those at the bottom of society. Today we live in a very different world, but there remains much to rebel against and so 1381 will continue to be something from which people draw inspiration. As the author concludes, there will likely be future points when "English people hold a mass protest" and then, "we will once against see Wat Tyler's name reappear".
John Christopher's The Death of Grass is a remarkable ecological disaster novel first published in 1956. It's particularly surprising because it was published six years before Rachel Carson's classic Silent Spring kick started the modern environmental movement and at the heart of the book's disaster is a crisis caused by some of the same problems that Carson highlighted.
The book begins with the emergence of a strain of virus in Asia that decimates rice production there leading to the deaths of millions of people. It all seems very far away for the novel's main characters who, living in Southern England, are perfectly able to imagine that they will never be at risk. After all, Western Countries are producing enough food to send relief shipments to China, and surely the scientists will come up with something, they always do. As two of the protagonists discuss:
"Every government in the world is going to be comforting itself with the same reassuring thought. The scientists have never failed us yet. We shall never really believe they will until they do."
"No," said Roger, "I suppose not." He lifted his nearly empty glass. "Look thy last on all things lovely every hour. A world without beer, Unimaginable. Drink up and let's have another."
Of course the virus defies attempts to defeat it, and jumps to wheat, rye and barley. Suddenly life is much more precarious and when the Roger and his friend John learn of the governments plans, they head north toward a secret valley farmed by John's brother David. Getting out of London proves a challenge, and requires John's group to begin their break from "civilisation". If "civilised society" hasn't broken down John comments, they'll all hang after their actions.
The failure of the scientists has been matched by the failure of the state. And civilisation descends rapidly into competing bodies of violent gangs intent on preserving themselves at the expense of everyone else. John's group have an aim - somewhere to get to - but everyone else is simply struggling to survive. This descent into animal like behaviour is actually the least convincing part of the book - I doubt doubt that some people would behave abominably as civilisation collapses and food becomes scarce. But it's also true that in disaster situations people organise collectively to try and help each other - something that just doesn't happen in The Death of Grass. The author underlines this by having the murderers and rapists often cover themselves in gold and jewels, despite their lack of value in the new world.
One great weakness in the book is the portrayal of women. By and large they are depicted as victims, following behind their menfolk who are doing the dirty and dangerous work. They are passive and unable to relate to the new situation. There is a particularly awful scene where one character murders his wife simply because of her infidelity, then takes a new, child bride.
Even within John's group there is discord and danger. The gun seller Pirrie who has come with them and brought guns and ammunition demonstrates the reality of the situation being prepared to kill in order to protect the groups, but exacting a tough price in return. Despite these limitations, the ending is very well done, though the detail need not concern us here.
In the introduction to this new edition, Robert Macfarlene contrasts the book to the "cosy catastrophe" of John Wyndham's work (The Day of the Triffids had been published a few years earlier). I felt that they shared more than he suggested, but The Death of Grass is much more brutal and lacks the comforting endings of Wyndham's books. Christopher also frames the disaster much better, locating it in an agricultural system that David points out, is more about producing goods decreed by the government, for the market; rather than worrying about the future. Faith in science proves, in Christopher's book, the Achilles' heel of modern society, whereas in Wyndham's work it is often society's salvation.
Ecological catastrophe aside, one other stand out of this novel is the extent to which the British state is prepared to go to ensure some people survive. They are stopped in this endeavour by a popular revolution in London, but the victors of this have little to offer except gramophone records on the BBC. Nero fiddles as London burns notes one of our heroes. Despite its bleak portrayal of human nature there is a lot in this book by John Christopher. I'm reminded how much I loved his Tripod trilogy as a youngster. His vision of ecological disaster has tragic parallels for today and I'm not surprised it has had a new renaissance after many years out of print.
This book is a collection of essays proving how great a historian Christopher Hill was. They demonstrate exactly how detailed Hill's knowledge of the English Revolutionary period was, and his ability to make links between subjects and contemporary politics. They are also incredibly polemical, one, for instance Abolishing the Ranters is a strident defence of the very existence of that religious grouping which had been denied at length in 1986 book by professor Colin Davis. Hill shows his mastery of the contemporary literature, the source material as well as an understanding of his opponents writing.
Ultimately this is a forceful defence of the idea that there was an English Revolution. The book is was written ten years into Thatcher's government and at the time of the fall of the Berlin Wall - events that get passing mention in several essays. Hill is defending the idea of Revolution at a time when mass risings were taking place but the political framework of Communism was disappearing. Hill was too good a left-winger to believe that the regimes that were falling apart in Eastern Europe were actually socialist, but he understood that left wing politics were on the defensive. Colin Davies, for instance, "clearly regards [Gerrard Winstanley] as a pre-incarnation of Josef Stalin".
In this context, his essay The Word 'Revolution' is a wonderful piece of writing. It traces the development of the word Revolution through the Early Modern Period. At the beginning of the seventeenth century he argues, the word meant not the overturning of something, but a rotation of something. So when Gerrard Winstanley uses it, says Hill, he means that the "Diggers' object was not just to remove the Norman Yoke but to get back behind the Fall of Man, to a period outside history - the future millennium as well as Adam;s Paradise." There then follows a detailed summary of dozens of different uses of the word Revolution, each demonstrating an evolving use of the word through a period that saw Parliament challenge the King then defeat and behead him, followed by the return of the monarchy. But, in Hill's words:
1688 was a smudged compromise, and helped to prevent England ever having a revolutionary tradition in the sense that the USA, France and the USSR have revolutionary traditions. 1688 was 'glorious', bloodless, because fixed by an agreement between party leaders without involving 'the people' at all. If 1688 was a revolution, had there been a revolution in the 1640s? Voltaire in 1733 took for granted that the 1640s had seen 'une révolution en Angleterre', and this usage continued through the French Revolution to Guizot, to Karl Marx, and to European historical writing generally. But in England, although the shift in the meaning of 'revolution' had taken place well before 1688, the events of that year created new ambiguities. So we cannot think about the evolution of the word without thinking about the evolution of the society.
We also cannot think about it without the context of the times that Hill was writing in, and this is what gives his book a real edge. Hill also demonstrates a nuanced view of what Revolution was and is. In an earlier essay on Political Discourse he writes:
Historians who have failed to find long-term causes of the English Revolution, as well as those who have failed to notice that there was a revolution at all, have perhaps been looking for the wrong things in the wrong places. There were no revolutionaries who willed what happened, no Lenin: there were virtually no republicans in the Long Parliament. But there were tensions in the society, slowly building up in the decades before 1640: and there was an ideology, popularised by Fox and Beard, which in appropriate circumstances could become revolution, as it did in Cromwell.
Collections of essays are always hard to review even when, as in this book, they are discussing a common theme, albeit from many different directions. Some of the chapters here are heavily reliant on a detailed knowledge of a particular subject. I found Hill's article on Archbishop Laud nearly impenetrable mostly because I have very little knowledge of the specifics Hill writes about.
On the other hand, I thought the chapter on Gerrard Winstanley on Freedom was superb and I wish I had come across it earlier. Among many things Hill makes an important point that Winstanley writes about "mankind" rather than "man", meaning that he is including women in his vision of freedom, something that few (if any) of Winstanley's contemporaries considered. I also should highlight the chapter on radicals and Ireland in the period - which explains why they did not oppose the oppression of Ireland by Cromwell and others.
There is much in this collection for anyone studying the English Civil War and Revolutionary Period. Hill brings a freshness to these debates, even today, and his writing is full of humour as well as polemic. Surprisingly he also seems full of hope that thing will get better. He finishes his article on Winstanley with a comment and quote from The Diggers' leader which might well be written about Hill himself:
Winstanley failed; but his writings justify the words he prefixed to one of his Digger pamphlets: 'When these clay bodies are in a grave, and children stand in place, This shows we stood for truth and peace and freedom in our days.
Having been trading for over 40 years, we offer a wealth of experience to anyone who desires our services. PTA Process Servers are trusted by the top law firms throughout the UK. Whatever documents you require serving, our company has a proven track record when it comes to meeting our client's needs. The knowledge our team possesses is unrivalled, and we are proud of our impeccable service
PTA National and International Process Servers have agents ready and waiting to serve documents in Kington today.
We pride ourselves on acting as a one stop shop for process service in Kington and across the UK. From our offices across the UK, we’re ready to get to work straight away, providing you with the fastest, most reliable and professional service in the business.
Whether you opt for our famously fast same-day service or our low-cost fixed rate package, you can be sure that placing your documents in our hands will be the best decision you make all day.
Instructing us is as easy as picking up the phone and we can accept your documents through the post, by collection in person or via our dedicated DX address.
Give us a call today on 0845-340-2933, or complete the contact form on our website and a member of our team will be in touch shortly.
Most Legal Documents are personally served within 24 hours with proof of service in accordance with prescribed rules. This agency offers service as Process Servers throughout the UK and internationally, with capped fees by prior agreement.
PTA Process Servers is part or Peter Taylor & Associates which has over 40 years of experience in the field.
Medicolegal Death Investigation encompasses the investigative processes, protocols and techniques involved in ascertaining the cause and manner of a person’s death. Investigations of this type are multifaceted and require the expertise of a multidisciplinary team of skilled practitioners.
A death investigation team may include experts such as death investigators, police officers, crime scene investigators, coroners/medical examiners, pathologists, paramedics, forensic anthropologists, and forensic odontologists, among others.
Each member of the team is critical and each role provides necessary information that may ultimately contribute to the resolution of the investigation. Our goal is to bring a multidisciplinary approach to this course to study the best practices and protocols within the death investigation community.
Many of us in this world are so busy trying to live life beyond its existence that truly living life to its fullest is a rather difficult affair. When you try making children understand a profound concept like Death, its difficult to penetrate through their innocent minds that there is going to be a vacuum created henceforth and that life moves on…For kids its probably a notion that God sent me here for a certain period in life and now that he’s so lonely after having created so many things around him, so he needs me back there! For the oldies "who have seen it all" its only a matter of time when they shall understand death in all its proximities. But truly, do any of us really understand what death is all about? Amidst the pain and the truthful experiences in life that make us wiser by the day its still leaves many questions unanswered, what do we mean by Death?
For younger kids , it’s easy to die for each other, as emotions take the better of us and dying for the other is but a "natural" feeling, though momentarily so! We assume life to be unending only to find that all this time spent was really to better equip yourself with the reality called "Death". Which perhaps explains the reason why as we get older, we tend to become closer and closer to God! Perhaps it’s the final reckoning with the Almighty that makes us do so.
The understanding of Death still remains a vital question. As many philosophies and religions propagate, death is but an extension of life itself. Though this life is more spiritual and less physical. Moreover, life being depicted as fulfilling all your dreams all along its passage makes this notion a wee bit difficult to digest. From a child’s perspective, it only hinders around giving and receiving Love. For children to understand the concept of dying purely means that the Almighty father who created us allowed us to live our lives. And since he created so many of us so that we aren’t loners on this planet, he gave us various examples of human existence, like friends, parents and people whom we related to on a day-to-day existence! When the mother made her six-year old understand the truth behind the created vacuum called Death, although confused, the child still had the sparkle of curiosity, for Death, as it were…..A curiosity, that we share too as adults!
Every death gets investigated. Regardless of whether the manner of death is known or still remains undetermined. When a death gets investigated the number one thing they look for is the cause. Cause of death is a disease or injury that initiated the events that lead to death. There are four manners in determining death, natural, accidental, homicidal, suicidal. An example would be, a gunshot could be three of the about choices. Manner may be undetermined. Each of these manners can be broken down even more. They can be broken into Mechanical Trauma (gunshot, stabbing) or Chemical Trauma (overdose, poison, etc), and even those two classifications can be broken down even more.
Medical Examiners also play a huge role in the investigation of a death. A medical examiner is a doctor/corner that performs an autopsy of the dead person. They open up the person in order to figure out exactly why they died.
With every death there is a death certificate; legal requirements mandate the completion of a death certificate, which will list the cause of death. The death certificate is not only for the relatives but it serves as a use to community. A death certificate functions on two levels. A death certificates primary concern of the medicolegal investigation as in the level of the individual decedent. Another level is legal level. For example, once the death certificate is issued the funeral arrangements can be made, the living spouse can get re-married if so desired, and all the belongings cab be divided between the beneficiaries. A death certificate is also a public health surveillance tool. It allows the members of society to know why the individual died, and it also helps the county to calculate its’ mortality rate.
Imagine that your newborn child was birthed without a hitch. What seems like an ordinary neonate, as health as can be, all of a sudden passes away without any explanation only hours of having been born. Now again, imagine you father seeming to be the picture of health suffers a heart attack suddenly and loses his life in the process. Your teenage brother, an athlete, suddenly drops during a game and loses his life without any real explanation. Sudden death affects a wide number of people throughout the world. You never know who, when, or why it’ll strike next. It could either be someone close to you, or even you yourself!
As defined by the dictionary, sudden death is a sudden and unexpected death. Often times though, an underlying problem can be identified which indicates that a case of sudden death may, in fact, occur, such things as high blood pressure and cholesterol, which can indicate a heart attack. Or a swollen heart which would indicate that someone could suddenly drop if they put themselves through too much activity. But there is one condition which seems to be unexplainable, and that condition goes by the name of SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome).
No one is too keen on understanding what causes SIDS, but it is very much a real thing. Infants cease to live with no real explanation, and for years it’s been this way without a valid explanation.
“SIDS is the sudden death of an infant under one year of age which remains unexplained after a thorough case investigation, including performance of a complete autopsy, examination of the death scene, and review of the clinical history. (Willinger et al, 1991).
In a typical situation parents check on their supposedly sleeping infant to find him or her dead. This is the worst tragedy parents can face, a tragedy which leaves them with sadness and a feeling of vulnerability that lasts throughout their lives. Since medicine cannot tell them why their baby died, they blame themselves and often other innocent people. Their lives and those around them are changed forever." -ASI (American SIDS Institute)
Sudden Death is something that occurs unexpectedly and from 1 to 24 hours after the onset of symptoms, with or without known preexisting conditions, which can completely throw off a investigator, at the scene of the death, because of the sudden and unexpected nature of their death. In the United States there are 275 unknown and sudden deaths across our country, it is up to the investigator to piece together the clues and find out what happened to the person who has died suddenly. According to the sudden death arrhythmic death syndrome website, the leading cause of this type of death is a heart condition that causes the person to die suddenly or having a form a disease. Also car crashes, obesity, murder, and suicide are also the major forms of sudden deaths in individuals. The investigator’s main goal in all of this is to identify the way the person died, and place the time of death. This is all done when they first arrive on the scene.
The way the medical investigator or coroner, goes about their investigation when they first arrive on the scene is to examine the body UNTOUCHED, and then try to piece together the puzzles of how they died. The main clues to tell of the causes of sudden death are if there are drugs in the home, or near the body, which could lead to an overdose. Another way to identify the causes, of death during an sudden death case is to examine the victims medical history. What this means is that they may have died due to a previous illness, or died from an allergic reaction. Another much more severe matter than natural causes of death is the possibility of a murder or suicide. The way the investigator goes about this is they, again investigate the body for any signs of self-inflicted wounds, or signs of abuse, bullet wounds, or anything along the lines that would constitute a murder.
All of this work the investigator does during the initial investigation tells the investigator, what tests they may need and to either rule out the possibilities of murder, suicide, or death by natural causes. The investigator needs to analyze all of this data in order to rule out any possibilities so they can get the right facts and info to clearly and effectively diagnose the cause of death in the individual. Again to reiterate ALL of this helps the investigator to trace down the real cause of death in which there is no true sign of how that individual may have died. All of this information is crucial, because it helps the families, and members of the city, town, and county, realize how they died and what could have been prevented in their untimely deaths providing a sort of closure, to the people who were involved so there are no unanswered questions left, and no one wondering what really happened to that particular individual who has died, due to the already suddenness of their death.
Deaths from fires and burns are the third leading cause of fatal home injury.The United State’s mortality rate from fires ranks eighth among the 25 developed countries for which statistics are available (International Association for the Study of Insurance Economics .
Although the number of fatalities and injuries caused by residential fires has declined gradually over the past several decades, many residential fire-related deaths remain preventable and continue to pose a significant public health problem.
The U.S. has one of the highest fire death rates in the industrialized world. For 1998, the U.S. fire death rate was 14.9 deaths per million population.
Between 1994 and 1998, an average of 4,400 Americans lost their lives and another 25,100 were injured annually as the result of fire.
Fire is the third leading cause of accidental death in the home; at least 80 percent of all fire deaths occur in residences.
About 2 million fires are reported each year. Many others go unreported, causing additional injuries and property loss.
The South has the highest fire death rate per-capita with 18.4 civilian deaths per million population.
80 percent of all fatalities occur in the home. Of those, approximately 85 percent occur in single-family homes and duplexes
Cooking is the leading cause of home fires in the U.S. It is also the leading cause of home fire injuries. Cooking fires often result from unattended cooking and human error, rather than mechanical failure of stoves or ovens.
Careless smoking is the leading cause of fire deaths. Smoke alarms and smolder-resistant bedding and upholstered furniture are significant fire deterrents.
Heating is the second leading cause of residential fires and the second leading cause of fire deaths. However, heating fires are a larger problem in single family homes than in apartments. Unlike apartments, the heating systems in single family homes are often not professionally maintained.
Arson is both the third leading cause of residential fires and residential fire deaths. In commercial properties, arson is the major cause of deaths, injuries and dollar loss.
Senior citizens age 70 and over and children under the age of 5 have the greatest risk of fire death.
African Americans and American Indians have significantly higher death rates per capita than the national average.
Although African Americans comprise 13 percent of the population, they account for 26 percent of fire deaths.
On average in the United States in 2010, someone died in a fire every 169 minutes, and someone was injured every 30 minutes.
In 2010, fire departments responded to 384,000 home fires in the United States, which claimed the lives of 2,640 people (not including firefighters) and injured another 13,350, not including firefighters.
Fire and burn injuries represent 1% of the incidence of injuries and 2% of the total costs of injuries, or $7.5 billion each year.
Fatal fire and burn injuries cost $3 billion, representing 2% of the total costs of all fatal injuries.
Hospitalized fire and burn injuries total $1 billion, or 1% of the total cost of all hospitalized injuries.
Non-hospitalized fire and burn injuries cost $3 billion, or 2% of the total cost of all non-hospitalized injuries.
Deaths from fires and burns are the third leading cause of fatal home injury.The United States mortality rate from fires ranks eighth among the 25 developed countries for which statistics are available. Although the number of fatalities and injuries caused by residential fires has declined gradually over the past several decades, many residential fire-related deaths remain preventable and continue to pose a significant public health problem. Each year in the United States and its protectorates,there are about 100 firefighters that are killed while on duty and tens of thousands are injured. Although the number of firefighter fatalities has steadily decreased over the past 20 years, the incidence of firefighter fatalities per 100,000 incidents has actually risen. In the last decade, several high-profile incidents involving firefighter fatalities have brought national attention to the issue of firefighter mortality in the United States. While the attention from the national media has been fleeting, the awareness of the continued high level of fatalities has changed the fabric of the fire service and prompted many organizations and fire departments to initiate programs to protect firefighters. Through research, study, training, improved operations, development of new technologies, the appropriate use of staffing, and other factors, it should be possible to significantly reduce the number of firefighters killed each year. * The U.S. has one of the highest fire death rates in the industrialized world. For 1998, the U.S. fire death rate was 14.9 deaths per million population.
Between 1994 and 1998, an average of 4,400 Americans lost their lives and another 25,100 were injured annually as the result of fire. About 100 firefighters are killed each year in duty-related incidents. In each year, fire kills more Americans than all natural disasters combined fire is the third leading cause of accidental death in the home; at least 80 percent of all fire deaths occur in residences.About 2 million fires are reported each year. Many others go unreported, causing additional injuries and property loss. Direct property loss due to fires is estimated at $8.6 billion annually.
In the united States there was 1,755,000 fires that happen in 1998, the kitchen has a higher percentage to have a fire then the laundry room. The South has the highest fire death rate per-capita with 18.4 civilian deaths per million population. The 80 percent of all fatalities occur in the home. Of those, approximately 85 percent occur in single-family homes and duplexes. There is so many cause for fires and deaths from fires and here are some reasons. Cooking is the top cause of home fires in the U.S. It is also the leading cause of home fire injuries. Cooking fires often result from unattended cooking and human error, rather than mechanical failure of stoves or ovens. Careless smoking is the top cause of fire deaths. Smoke alarms and smolder-resistant bedding and upholstered furniture are significant fire deterrents. The people that are most at risk of firedeaths are senior sitizens that are age of 70 and over,also children under 5 that have the greatest risk to fire death. In 1996 it is to be said that children under the age of 10, estimated that 17 percent of all fire deaths.
Postmortem interval is estimated based on physical, biochemical, and morphological changes in dead bodies. Many aspects affect onset and the course of the postmortem change. There is no discovered method for the accurate estimation of Postmortem Interval, especially with regards to decomposed dead bodies. Forensic Examiners aim to determine the consistency and the difference in the post postmortem interval estimations in cases. The variations are determined by Forensic medicine assistants and specialists from different centers. The possibility of estimating the post postmortem intervals in standard ways by using only post postmortem changes of decomposed bodies is next to impossible. Therefore, factors such as environmental conditions, the scene and judicial investigation findings should be taken in to consideration, especially in decomposed bodies.
When you find “bugs” on a dead body they can tell an Entomologist how long the body has been dead. Even though Entomologist are highly skilled they will not be able to give you an exact time of death, but the will be able to give you a close estimate. Their estimates range from a few hours for bodies that have been dead for a day or two, and bodies that have been dead for several years their range is normally off a couple months.
Entomologists use the idea of insects to narrow down post postmortem interval. Post postmortem interval is based on how insects develop or grow up. Entomologist need to know tow main items before he can arrive at the post postmortem interval. First he needs to know that insect he is dealing with and its species. Secondly he needs to have some sort of estimate of the temperature as to when the insects were developed. This is just a few of the ways post postmortem interval is reached.
Having to Identify a person who is dead can be very easy, or very difficult. The person may have died of natural causes in their home making it easy to identify them. But what if that is not the case. What if the person was found floating in the river, or laying in the woods with no ID. I am going to discuss the process that law enforcement uses to identify this people. I will touch on the use of finger printing, the use of dental records and of course the use of DNA.
The most common method used is finger printing. When a corpse comes in with no id or any other identifying information on them the police use their finger prints. They simply scan the bottom side of the fingers into the system and try to match them against sets in their data base. This will help identify them provided that their prints are in the system from a previous run in with the law, or maybe from a background investigation.
Another method used might be dental records. If the body were to come in and had been burned leaving no finger prints or identifying features they would turn to these records to help. Everybody goes to the dentist in their life, so chances are they have x-rays of their teeth. Using these X-rays they can match them to the dead body’s teeth, helping them to figure out their name. According to the National Association of Medical Examiners this method was used on average of 10 to 12 thousand times a year since 1995. With the growing number of crime such as murder this number will likely continue to grow.
The use of DNA is a relatively new procedure used by law enforcement to identify the dead. Only one-tenth of a single percent of DNA (about 3 million bases) differs from one person to the next. Scientists can use these variable regions to generate a DNA profile of an individual, using samples from blood, bone, hair, and other body tissues and products. The DNA is the put into a system called CODIS which is basically a databank of DNA. They can try and match the DNA in this system. If it is not matched then it stored so it can be matched in the future to help identify the victim. They could also take DNA from a family member and try to match the victims that way.
The Three methods I have explained above are the most common ways police and coroners use today. With advances in science, medical and technology I would not be surprised if more advanced methods appear in the future.
There are lots of situations in which investigators are needed to identify bodies that have been found at: crime scenes, natural disaster locations, plane crashes, during times of war. How do you identify a body, that has no personal identification? Determining who a Jon/Jane Doe is can sometimes be very strenuous.
Modern science, and technology has enabled death investigators, and forensic scientists numerous ways of identifying an unknown body. Initially, one of the first things that should be noted when the discovery of a body without any forms of identification is made. Is if they don’t have I.D. due to the circumstances leading up to the death of the individual, or if it was a conscious decision made by the individual prior to their death. For example, were they potentially shot and robbed with wallet stolen, or did they die somewhere they wouldn’t have been expected to have any form of I.D. like swimming in a lake/ocean. Or potentially are they an illegal alien with no known forms of identification on any records. Simply knowing that much can get a medico legal death investigator on the right path of the victim being killed, or if it was due to natural or accidental causes, if that information wasn’t known prior to this point.
When it comes to identifying the deceased forensic science and forensic medicine are both crucial weapons in any law enforcement agency's armory.
Fingers: fingerprints carry unique characteristics that can identify every person individually. Fingerprinting has increasingly grown to be the most respected method for identifying persons. Over ten thousand people daily are added to fingerprint repositories in America alone. Fingerprint identifications have lead to more positive identifications of bodies than any other human identification procedure.
Teeth: Often times digital photographs can be taken of the teeth and then compared to a picture of them smiling while they were alive. Teeth are able to be used to identify the remains of persons even when the body is entirely distorted due to fire or water damage.
Bones: Bones identify sex, age, race. The leg and arm bones can also be used to determine overall stature and weight range. Bones can also be used if specific known injuries or issues existed prior to the death of the individual. For example, victim had broken arm as a child, and had pins put in leg. Then evidence of those surgeries or locations of healing will be present on the body. Bones can also be used to determine cause of death, if the person was badly beaten or crushed evidence will show that the injury sustained paired with extent of body’s natural functions such as bleeding, clotting, swelling, and bruising at point of injury are consistent with known time of death and time injury was sustained if both times are not the same initially.
Skull: There are now computer graphics that can be used to perform facial reconstruction allowing a fairly accurate depiction of what the persons face would look like and these pictures could then be distributed to aid in identification. Like other bones, race and sex can also be determined by the skull.
Hair: Results from hair can be very difficult to determine as numerous factors can contribute the results. Everything from the location of where the hair was taken, to the chemicals the person used to treat there hair (shampoo’s, dyes, and hairspray) are able to aid in identifying a person.
Joints and soft tissue: Almost 100 percent of the time, if you have something surgically implanted in you by a surgeon, then it will have a documented serial number on record. For medical examiners, these small codes can close cases and give some comfort to the family of the identified. Originally intended to speed recall of defective devices and ensure patient safety, serial numbers on implants and prosthetics are now being used to hurry the identification of John or Jane Does.
Skin: This depends on the rate and amount of body decomposition, but things such as scars, birthmarks, and tattoo’s can be used in the identification process.
Due to exponential leaps in modern technology and the understanding of DNA matching tests, there is faster and more accurate positive identifications of deceased bodies, which is significantly important in solving crimes.
There are a few ways to identify a dead body, either one that has been murdered or died of natural causes. The first would be Physical items, then Fingerprints, then dental records, and last DNA. There are other less common forms but these are the most used and most effective and efficient in identifying a deceased human.
The first and easiest way to identify a deceased body is to check the body for physical items with the person’s name on it. A small list of these things that people might carry on them when they die are
The list can go on and on but just anything that they would carry in their wallets that would have their name on it. This is the easiest form of identifying a dead body.
The next way to identify a dead body would be finger prints. Finger prints work so well because no two people in the world have the same fingerprints so it is a great way to identify people whos faces cannot be recognized. There are 3 ways of making finger prints visible,
These three methods can effectively make a print visible which can be collected and put through data bases to see if it is anybody that has been fingerprinted before. If they have been finger printed before they will be in the system and they can be identified.
The third way to identify someone is through their dental records. This form of identification is for when there is a lot of physical damage to the body due to fire, acid or decay. Your teeth are much harder than other organic body material you are made of. This is only a good technique when you know if the person was supposed to be there, say a house fire and you know the five people who lived there, but they were unrecognizable, you can then use the dental records to identify who was who, and gwt the right names to the right bodies.
The last form of identifying a body that I will talk about is DNA profiling. This is the longer process and the harder form, but DNA from the dead body can be compared to a hair from a comb of the deceased to see if they are a match and can be identified that way. The DNA from the dead body can also be used to see if you are the parents or not. Taking DNA from both parents can determine whether or not the deceased was related to them or not.
There are other more obscure ways of identifying a body but those four were the easiest and most used methods of identifying a deceased person.
Death by firearms is ranked one of the highest means of death in the United States whether by a homicide, suicide, or accidental death. Approximately 30,000 people die every year in the United States from gunshot wounds. I will examine the characteristics of gunshot wounds, including entry wounds, bullet tracks, and exit wounds.
The entry wound can be distinguished from the exit wound with close examination. The distance from which the gun was fired is determined by the surface of the wound. Wounds in which the muzzle of the gun was placed directly against the victim’s body will show soot on the surface of the skin, possible muzzle imprints, and tearing of the skin from the effect of hot gases being forced into the skin. Close range wounds lack the cuts and tears, produced from the gas, and muzzle imprints but show more powder stippling in a wider diameter around the wound. A long range wound lacks muzzle imprints, gas tears, and powder stippling. A long range bullet does have the unique characteristic of producing an entry hole the size of the actual bullet, unlike that of the other range entry wounds. Even with varying range characteristics, it is often quite difficult to determine the distance of the shot fired. There are many other factors that affect the prediction of range. Some of the factors are actual distance, size of the firearm barrel, gunpowder, angles, and the environment. These all can have a huge effect on the characteristic of the wound and make it hard for the investigator to establish the distance at which the gun was fired.
The track of the bullet can be influenced by many different factors. For example, the type of tissue the bullet impacts can have great effect on the damage done. Tissue with a high specific density, fatty tissue, will sustain more damage compared to tissue with low density and high elasticity found in the lungs. Organs that contain liquid will burst if hit due to high pressure waves. Bones will fragment and shatter when hit and produce tiny missiles that cause even more damage to surrounding tissue. Damage can also be affected by the type of bullet. Hollow point bullets are made to expand and flatten as it hits a substance. This would produce a wider cavity and more catastrophic damage than that of a solid point or full metal jacketed bullet. Also, tumbling of the bullet will produce a more catastrophic bullet track than if the bullet moves through the mass with a perfect spiral produced by the gun.
The exit wound is not intended to exist because most bullets are not made to penetrate the body, intern causing the most damage possible. Using more powerful loads than necessary causes the exit wound. The exit wound is usually larger in size than that of the entry. The reason for this is the lack of substance to contain the exit wound, whether it stays on the spiral axis or tumbles through the body. The exit wound can also be misleading if the victim is leaning against something. This may cause a smaller exit wound because the bullet has a substance to transfer the energy into.
A wound is a "disruption of the continuity of tissues produced by external mechanical force". Medico legal death investigators commonly perform wound pattern analysis. The findings by investigators can be crucial in identifying cause and manor of death. By establishing evidence as to what the weapon was and how it was used can be essential in the convicting of the offender.
Wound pattern analysis involves the recognition, preservation, documentation, examination, and reconstruction of the nature, origin, and intent of physical injuries (Turvey p. 223)
Wound types may vary from bullet, stabbing, blunt force, rape, poisoning (considered to be toxicological domain), burn, or traffic fatality. Regardless of the type of wound, experts can establish clues to the manner of death. Expert pathologists from the Forensic Panel are able to analyze whether the wound was received perimortem or postmortem
Firearms account for almost two-thirds of the homicides committed in the United States so essentially pathologists must be well trained in gunshot wounds. The Forensic Panel employs highly skilled pathologists who are able to distinguish the subtle differences between contact and near contact gunshot wounds, medium range gunshot wounds, and distant gunshot wounds. This process involves both technology and experience to determine various relevant details such as the trajectory, or range of the bullet. The path traveled between entry and exit wounds; the likelihood of survival after sustaining a gunshot; make and model of the gun; and especially the specific manner of death.
Blunt Force Trauma: Blunt force trauma is the impact or contact of a weapon on part of, or all of one’s body. It can vary by the location of the trauma, the weapon used, and force behind the weapon. Blunt force trauma is further analyzed into three sub-categories.
Abrasions - which is the removal of the superficial layers of skin. This could be caused by the body being drug across the floor or even the severe friction caused by clothing if the body was forcefully moved.
Contusions - injuries that cause a break in blood vessels but not the skin. Most commonly known as bruises and hemorrhages.
Lacerations - torn jagged wounds that tend to have abraded edges and are different then sharp force injuries.
Other common forms of wounds are, burns - which are caused directly or indirectly by heat, fire, or chemicals; Sharp force injury‘s - caused by pointed, bladed or edged objects; gunshot wounds; and finally therapeutic/diagnostic wounds - injuries inflicted by EMS personnel during treatment.
Its extremely important to document all actions performed by any emergency personnel to differentiate those wounds from wounds inflicted prior to their arrival.
Not always, but sometimes bruises can be a great indicator of points of injury, force, and size of object used. However a great deal of experience comes into play in determining their validity to the victim. First an investigator must determine if the bruised area was inflicted peri or postmortem. Then differentiating between postmortem bruising and postmortem lavidity has to be made. After the body has set for a period of time the blood begins to settle. This causes a purplish discoloration of the dependent parts of the body with sparing of areas of pressure contact (Turvey). Bruising can vary by age, sex, skin color/race, location of impact. Infants and elderly tend to bruise more easily then do young to middle aged. Women bruise more easily then men because they have more subcutaneous fat, this is especially true of obese women. Skin color plays a factor bruising can be more easily seen in red heads and blondes rather than tanner individuals; in blacks even extensive bruising can be masked by natural skin color.
There are many different forms of wound types that vary anywhere from bullets and stabbing to blunt force and burns. No matter the type, each leaves a different pattern and tells about the victim’s manner of death. A forensic pathologists job is to investigate what the wound ‘tells’ about how and what caused it. Though blunt force wounds don’t always leave the same evidence of diffusion as a gunshot or knife, pathologists may still be able to complete conclusive determinations about the trauma. Pathologist can deter from the wounds if it was caused by any of the following:
Not only would they assess the wound, but also examine the force and magnitude of infliction, which would lead to a conclusion of the cause of injury or death.
“Blunt force trauma is-as its name would suggest- a severe traumatic episode caused to the body or head with the sudden introduction of a blunt instrument used with great force.” This could be caused by an attacker striking out at a victim with: hands, a large piece of wood, baseball bat or other such item that could cause severe damage to a body or skull if impacted quickly. Experimental studies have shown, by analyzing forces generated by punching and kicking a ‘punch-ball’ that men can punch up to a force of 500-750 N and kick between 750-1200 N, while women can only punch up to 350-550 N, and kick 500-750 N.
Now though most cases you may see involve blunt force being caused by a person’s hands, feet, head, or even a bat, or other foreign object; it can also be seen being caused from a car accident, such as from the dashboard, steering wheel, or even the rear of the driver and passenger seats from victims not wearing their seatbelts. Blunt force could even happen without the result of many visible indicators. Individuals who die from this do so because of internal injuries received from the force, resulting in nothing more than exterior bruising that may not seem alarming.
Bruising: Shows good indicator that there are broken blood vessels under the skin’s surface. Although some bruising may occur, this is not technically a definite indicator of how much damage that may have occurred deeper within the body, such as in the chest cavity and even around the lungs.
Abrasions: Cuts, grazing of the skin or friction burns which can be caused by the victim being beaten, dragged or kicked. These wounds can sometimes indicate that a victim hit against something or was hit with something and it can also be used to measure how much of a struggle the victim put up against his or her attacker.
Lacerations: This is the tearing of tissue underneath the skin. An individual may be beaten severely or have sustained a severe bump against a stationary object and underneath the skin there may be severe damage caused to tissue and organs. Visual examinations do not always show this to be case and if the victim has died an autopsy will most certainly be carried out.
It’s also worth mentioning that the above do not always have to be present on the body of the victim of an attack to prove that blunt force trauma has been the root cause. This is because of the differences in the varying areas of the body relating to softness of tissue and mass of bone. In all aspects of blunt force, it’s a given that whether the cause of death can be visually recorded or not an autopsy will be carried out to prove definitively how the victim died.
Every day, about ten people die from unintentional drowning. Of these, two are children aged 14 or younger. Drowning is the sixth leading cause of unintentional injury death for people of all ages, and the second leading cause of death for children ages 1 to 14 years.
Each day in the United States, nine people drown.For each death caused by drowning, there are 1-4 nonfatal submersion accidents serious enough for the victim to be hospitilized.Drowning is the second leading cause of accidental injury-related death among children ages 1 to 14.Drowning is the leading cause of accidental injury-related death among children ages 1 to 4.Male children have a drowning rate more than two times that of female children. However, females having a bathtub drowning rate twice that of males.Among children ages 1 to 4 years, most drownings occur in residential swimming pools.Four-sided fencing that isolates the pool from the house and the yard has shown to decrease the number of drowning injuries anywhere from 50 to 90 percent.More than half of drownings among infants (under age 1) occur in bathtubs, buckets or toilets.Nonfatal drownings can result in brain damage that may result in long-term disabilities including memory problems, learning disabilities, and permanent loss of basic functioning.Nineteen percent of child drowning fatalities take place in public pools with certified lifeguards on duty.Roughly 5,000 children 14 and under go to the hospital because of accidental drowning-related incidents each year; 15% die and about 20% suffer from permanent neurological disability.Seventy-seven percent of those involved in a home-drowning accident had only been missing for five minutes or less when found in the swimming pool; 70% weren’t expected to be in or near the pool at that time.The most common place for a 1-4-year old child to drown is in a home swimming pool.In nearly 9 out of 10 child-drowning deaths, a parent or caregiver claimed to be watching the child.
In 2007, there were 3,443 fatal unintentional drownings (non-boating related) in the United States, averaging ten deaths per day. An additional 496 people died from drowning in boating-related incidents.1,2
More than one in five people who die from drowning are children 14 and younger.1 For every child who dies from drowning, another four received emergency department care for nonfatal submersion injuries.1
More than 55% of drowning victims treated in emergency departments require hospitalization or transfer for higher levels of care (compared to a hospitalization rate of 3-5% for all unintentional injuries).1 These injuries can be severe.
Nonfatal drownings can cause brain damage that may result in long-term disabilities including memory problems, learning disabilities, and permanent loss of basic functioning (e.g., permanent vegetative state).
Children: Children ages 1 to 4 have the highest drowning rates. In 2007, among children 1 to 4 years old who died from an unintentional injury, almost 30% died from drowning.1 Fatal drowning remains the second-leading cause of unintentional injury-related death for children ages 1 to 14 years.3
Between 2000 and 2007, the fatal unintentional drowning rate for African Americans across all ages was 1.3 times that of whites. For American Indians and Alaskan Natives, this rate was 1.7 times that of whites.1
Rates of fatal drowning are notably higher among these populations in certain age groups. The fatal drowning rate of African American children ages 5 to 14 is 3.1 times that of white children in the same age range. For American Indian and Alaskan Native children, the fatal drowning rate is 2.3 times higher than for white children.1
Factors such as the physical environment (e.g., access to swimming pools) and a combination of social and cultural issues (e.g., wanting to learn how to swim, and choosing recreational water-related activities) may contribute to the racial differences in drowning rates. Current rates are based on population, and not on participation. If rates could be determined by actual participation in water-related activities, disparity in minorities drowning rates compared to whites would be much greater.4
Lack of Supervision and Barriers. Supervision by a lifeguard or designated water-watcher is important to protect young children when they are in the water, whether a pool or bathtub. But when children are not supposed to be in the water, supervision alone isn’t enough to keep them safe.
Barriers such as pool fencing should be used to help prevent young children from gaining access to the pool area without caregivers’ awareness.5 There is an 83% reduction in the risk of childhood drowning with a four-sided isolation pool fence, compared to three-sided property-line fencing.
Among children ages 1 to 4 years, most drownings occur in residential swimming pools. Most young children who drowned in pools were last seen in the home, had been out of sight less than five minutes, and were in the care of one or both parents at the time.
Natual Water Settings (such as lakes, rivers, or the ocean). The percent of drownings in natural water settings increases with age. When a location was known, 65% of drownings among those 15 years and older occurred in natural water settings.
Lack of Life Jacket Use in Recreational Boating. In 2009, the U.S. Coast Guard received reports for 4,730 boating incidents; 3,358 boaters were reported injured, and 736 died. Among those who drowned, 9 out of 10 were not wearing life jackets.9 Most boating fatalities that occurred during 2008 (72%) were caused by drowning with 90% of victims not wearing life jackets; the remainder were due to trauma, hypothermia, carbon monoxide poisoning, or other causes.
Alcohol Use. Alcohol use is involved in up to half of adolescent and adult deaths associated with water recreation and about one in five reported boating fatalities.9, 10 Alcohol influences balance, coordination, and judgment, and its effects are heightened by sun exposure and heat.
Seizure Disorders. For persons with seizure disorders, drowning is the most common cause of unintentional injury death, with the bathtub as the site of highest drowning risk.
Participation in formal swimming lessons can reduce the risk of drowning by 88% among children aged 1 to 4 years.
Seconds count. CPR performed by bystanders has been shown to improve outcomes in drowning victims. The more quickly intervention occurs, the better change of improved outcomes.
Men of all ages, races, and educational levels consistently reported greater swimming ability than women.
Drowning is a quick and silent way of death since the victim is unable to shout and call for help. It is technically a death from asphyxia due to suffocation caused by water entering the lungs and preventing the absorption of oxygen. It’s hard to spot a drowning victim but once you are trained the signs are easier to detect. A drowning victim will have their head in the water or mouth at water level, eyes glassy and empty and unable to focus, they might be hyperventilating or gasping, they might also be trying to swim in a particular direction but not making any progress. Drowning victims can be divided into two categories; active and passive.
Active Drowning: people who are exhausted or hypothermic at the surface, who are not able to hold their mouth about water and are suffocating because of lack of air.
Passive Drowning: People who suddenly sink or have sunk due to a change in their circumstances, like people who are in an accident or lose consciousness due to medical reasons.
There are a few factors that could suggest whether a drowning is homicide, suicide or accidental, but with the proper set up, you can make a fictional drowning look like anything you want.
Shallow water: Drowning in shallow water could indicate either an accident or murder, especially if the victim is undressed. A killer will remove the victim's clothing to make it look like an accident. If the body is fully clothed, it is most likely a suicide since the victim doesn't want to be found nude.
Evidence of other injuries: If the victim shows evidence of gunshot wounds, bruises or cuts, it's likely murder. The discovery of alcohol or drugs at the scene could indicate an accidental drowning.
One example of a drowning that appeared to be an accident is the Natalie Wood case. The tragedy from 1981 has recently turned up new evidence to suggest this accident is actually a homicide. Marilyn Wayne a woman who was on a nearby sailboat has recently come forward with testimony. Wood died while she was boating on the yacht Splendour with her husband, Rober Wagner, and actor Christopher Walken. Her body was found the next morning, floating in the water about a mile away from the yacht. According to police and autopsy reports, she had dozens of bruises on her body and injuries to her face and arms. The official cause of death was listed as accidental drowning, and there was no determination of foul play. Police recently reopened the investigation of Wood’s drowning death, citing “additional information” in the case.
“A woman’s voice, crying for help from drowning awakened John, and he awakened me,” Wayne said in a sworn statement to investigators. “Alarmed, I called out to my son, who also heard the cries, and looked at his new digital watch: it was just minutes after 11:00 P.M.”
“While listening to the cries, we called the harbor patrol but no one answered,” Wayne said in her statement. “Then we called the sheriff’s office in Avalon, 12 miles away, and whoever answered told us a helicopter would be sent, but it did not come. We heard loud music coming from somewhere, so thought there was a party on a nearby boat. Then I heard a man’s voice, slurred, and in aggravated tone, say something to the effect of, “Oh, hold on, we’re coming to get you,” and not long after, the cries for help subsided, but we heard the cries for up to 15 minutes. We returned to bed, terribly disturbed.”
Immersion and Drowning, is defined as the process of deprive of life by immersion in water or other liquid, to be suffocated in water or other fluid and to perish in water. Drowning is the case of a person being submerged in water for a prolonged period of time without oxygen and the ability to keep their own bodies afloat. In the United States according to the CDC(Center of Disease control and prevention, drowning is the 6th leading cause of death in unintentional cases, and 1 in 5 people who die from drowning are children 14 and younger. The biggest group that is most at risk to death by this nature is males nearly 80% of all drowning are males, with children ranking out the bottom portion of the two groups that are most at risk of death by drowning. Drowning deaths are most commonly caused by alcohol consumption, boating accidents, child abuse or neglect, falling through ice on a frozen surface, Inability to swim, suicide attempts, sustaining a neck or head injury during swimming. The main ways to identify if a person is drowning, is if they are showing distress in the water, laying motionless in the water, or their mouth is wide open and their head is the only thing showing.
During the actual process of a person drowning, the individual panics and goes underneath the water, with their heart beating in irregular motions because of the fact they cannot deliver oxygen to the brain. The main way to identify if a person has drowned according to emedicinehealth, is if the person has blue or pale skin, with the individual coughing up a pink putum which is the mucus brought up from the lungs. This all happens within the span of 6 minutes which is how long a person’s brain can survive without the constant supply of oxygen to it.
In most cases of boating and swimming accidents the majority of drowning cases happen in mild to cold water temperature, because of the water’s temperature the person enters the state of hypothermia, which is one of the main reasons a person drowns. Hypothermia in its dictionary format is the condition of having an abnormally low body temperature, typically one that is dangerously low. Drowning deaths can however be prevented with proper care and caution. These are done by having supervision, swimming with others around you, learning to swim, and wearing lifejackets in deeper waters, along with knowing the proper weather conditions if you are in open bodies of water. Another helpful hint to avoid death by drowning is to learn cpr, which can bring back the individual from death if the person helping can be on the scene when the person is showing the symptoms of drowning.
In conclusion drowning and immersion deaths are the process of a person being immersed in water or other suffocating actions, such as avalanches or rock slides, preventing the person afflicted from being able to deliver oxygen to their brain which results in the persons death or serious injury to the brain which can result in the person turning into a vegetable for the rest of their lives. Following the tips given in the duration of the paper, death can be avoided saving people the grief of finding their loved ones washed ashore or inside of the family pool. With everything stated all of these deaths can be prevented if the individual is just more cautious about their surroundings.
Asphyxiation is defined as an inadequate supply of oxygen reaching the body. Many deaths have been attributed to asphyxiation. Some types of deaths by asphyxiation include: smothering, carbon monoxide poisoning, and compressive asphyxia.
Smothering occurs when the nose and mouth are partially or completely covered, either with a pillow, hand, or any other item used to stop or restrict oxygen flow to the body. A common occurrence of death by asphyxiation is when babies sleep with their parents. Asphyxiation occurs when the parent roles over on top of the child unknowingly, prohibiting the child from breathing. Sudden infant death syndrome is often mistaken to be the cause of death in these situations when it is not. Smothering is sometimes the cause of death in a homicide, as with the West Port murders. William Burke and William Hare killed many drunks by sitting on the victim’s chest and covering their mouth and nose with their hands. Smothering is the restriction of air by covering the airways which leads to death.
Carbon monoxide poisoning is another type of asphyxiation. Carbon monoxide has a greater affinity than oxygen. Once in the blood stream, carbon monoxide displaces the oxygen stopping blood flow which leads to death. A characteristic of carbon monoxide poisoning is seizures. Seizures cause the constricting of muscles. This explains that when people die from carbon monoxide poisoning they are found with clinched fists and arms tightly against their chest. Carbon monoxide poisoning is deadly and usually has the victim literally fighting for their life during their last few moments on earth.
Compressive asphyxia is the compression of the torso making the victim unable to inhale. Compressive asphyxia often occurs in vehicle accidents when the victim is pinned or crushed by the vehicle. An example of a vehicle pinning a person occurred during maintenance to the vehicle. The victim did not use a properly rated jack; the jack had a leak, or he failed to put the jack in the locked position. While under the car, the jack slowly settled and pinned the man. Because the man sustained no broken ribs characterized by a sudden fall, the cause of death was compressive asphyxia. Concluding, he was pinned and could not inhale, causing death. Large packed crowds can also cause compressive asphyxiation. This is more common than trampling’s caused by large crowds. In conclusion, compressive asphyxia is caused by any type of force crushing or pinning the torso, stopping the breathing process.
Death by asphyxiation can be caused by anything that completely or partially restricts oxygen flow to the body. Smothering, carbon monoxide poisoning, and compressive asphyxia are just some forms of asphyxiation. No matter what type of asphyxiation occurs, the end is the same, no oxygen- no life.
“While some sexual practices can be considered physically dangerous in a general way, sexual asphyxia stands out as having the clear potential to result in a lethal end.” Sexual asphyxia can be practiced in two ones, one as an autoerotic activity, and two as a consensual sadomasochistic act; between two or more people. Equally, nonconsensual asphyxia would be for the needs of the person restricting the other person’s oxygen source and is best described as an intentional criminal act. (Sexual Asphyxia will be referred to as ‘S/M’ from this point on.)
“S/M sex includes a wide range of sexual activities between two consenting adults that may include, but not limited to, the use of physical and/or psychological stimulation to produce sexual arousal and satisfaction. S/M sex is difficult to define precisely because of the wide range of activities involved. There are four major categories of S/M: 1) infliction of physical pain, usually by means of whipping, spanking, slapping or the applications of heat and cold; 2) verbal or psychological stimulation such as threats and insults; 3) dominance and submission, for example, one person ordering the other to do his or her bidding; 4) bondage and discipline, involving restraints such as rope and chains and/or punishment for real or fabricated transgressions.
Given the wide range of S/M, analysts have observed five features generally present in these encounters:
5) Mutual definition- participants must agree on the parameters of what they are doing, whether they call it SM or not.
Hazelwood and Dietz give 12 autoerotic death scene characteristics, as expanded on and discussed in Autoerotic Death by Brent Turvey, and now taken from Turvey’s Criminal Profiling: An Introduction to Behavioral Evidence Analysis:
1) Location: in autoerotic deaths, the location is likely to be a secluded area with a reasonable expectation of privacy.
2) Body position: In SM hangings, the victim’s body may be partially supported by the ground, or the victim may even appear to have simply been able to stand up to avoid strangulation.
3) High-risk elements: are items brought into the autoerotic activity to enhance physical or psychological pleasure. Can include anything from drugs and alcohol to weapons. (These will increase the risk of autoerotic death.)
4) Self-rescue mechanism: is any provision that allows the victim to voluntarily stop the high-risk element’s effect.
6) Masochistic behavior: refers to inflicting psychological or physical pain upon sexual areas of the body, or other body parts. It’s important to look not only for indicators of current use but also for healed injuries suggesting a history of such behavior.
7) Clothing: victim may be dressed in fetishistic attire or in one or more article of female clothing. Clothing is not always a useful indication in cases of autoerotic death. It’s possible for victims of autoerotic fatalities to be fully dressed, nude, or in a state of partial undress.
8) Protective measures: victim will often not want injuries sustained during regularly occurring autoerotic behaviors to be visible to others.
9) Sexual paraphernalia and props: are items found on or near the victim that assist in sexual fantasy.
10) Masturbatory activity: absence of sperm or semen at the scene does not rule out autoerotic death. The victim may or may not have been manually masturbating at the time of death.
11) Evidence of prior autoerotic activity: includes evidence of behavior similar to that found at the scene that predates the fatality.
12) No apparent suicidal intent: victim had plans for future events, has no history of depression, and/or had recently paid monthly bills, and had spoken to friends of looking forward to a specific event. Absence of a suicide note is not necessarily an indication of an autoerotic event, if one is present, it must be determined that it was written around the time of death and is not a prop.
Suicide is the third leading cause of deaths for 15-24 year olds. Suicide has affected almost everyone in one way or another whether it being through a friend, family member, or coworker. It’s important to recognize the signs and know what to do. Many teenagers have thoughts of death and these thoughts need to be viewed as a cry for help. Sometimes thoughts turn into actions and can result in attempts on the person’s life. It’s imperative to take a suicide attempt seriously, as many as 25 attempts are made for each suicide that is completed. There is also a correlation between gender and suicide, males are four times more likely to die from suicide than females are even though females have been proved to think about it more often. Females usually tend to resort to cutting or overdosing on drugs while males use more lethal methods such as firearms, hanging, or jumping from heights. Boys are less likely to call for help and do not allow for intervention the way girls are open to which gives males little opportunity to get into treatment. Teen suicide is preventable and it’s crucial to look for the signs and know what to do in case it happens to someone close to you because when a teen commits suicide it affects everyone around them.
These intense feelings and actions can contribute to a teen’s sense of helplessness and a general feeling that life isn’t worth living. Taking these feelings seriously is an important part of preventing teen suicide. The risk of suicide increases dramatically when the teen has access to a firearm, nearly 60% of all suicides in the United States are committed with a gun.
Suicide among teens often occurs after a stressful event such as a breakup or a death in the family. A teen who is thinking about suicide might:
There are many ways to help someone thinking about suicide, most of the time the person is just looking for someone to listen to them. It’s important to continue to communicate and express feelings of love and concern. If someone confides in you show them that you take them seriously, and that you’re there to help. It’s important not to minimize or discount the problems, this may validate the feelings of hopelessness the teen feels. Another important thing to do is not hesitating to get help. Contact a local mental health association or find a psychiatrist to conduct a proper evaluation. Make sure the person keeps their appointments, even if they claim they are feeling better. No matter what if someone tells you they’re thinking of suicide, don’t brush it off. Take every threat seriously because the one time you don’t is the time it might be true.
Suicide, as defined by Google’s dictionary, is “The action of killing oneself intentionally”. Easy enough, right? Well yea, but if you really want to make things more challenging, then one must get to the root of why people actually commit that act of suicide.
Suicide ends the lives of nearly 30,000 people in America each year. Now, I know that this doesn’t seem like a big number compared to a population of 307,006,550, but it’s still a very significant number. Especially when there are over twice the number of deaths due to suicide than there are due to aids.
Did you know that in more ancient times, when Samurai fought in the lands of Japan, they would commit suicide if they’d ever failed to hold up to their word, they would dishonor themselves and would perform a ritual form of suicide to redeem himself. This ritual form of suicide was called Seppuku, or more specifically called Hara-Kiri. Now I’m pretty sure that there are other tribes out there today who may practice similar rituals, but as far as things go today, suicide is a serious problem within this country.
There is significant research that shows us that there is a very, very strong correlation between depression and suicide. Depression from what, you may ask? Financial difficulty, loss of loved ones, abuse, emotional scarring, birth defects, or even just not feeling beautiful are all plausible reasons as to why some people may want to even consider ending their lives. Depression is a serious thing and usually drives people to wanting to end their lives, and if you notice someone is depressed you should step in to help.
Simply talk to the person you suspect, whether friend, family member, co-worker, or otherwise, this could be the first step to helping someone. The next step is to never keep a plan for suicide a secret. If you feel you need that person to stay alive then put your relationship aside for that person. Tell someone else who can help and another who can help. Get all the help you can! Lastly, don’t make their problems seem small or make them feel bad for feeling the way they do, this will only drive them away.
Suicide is the act of a person taking their own life. Suicide is often commited out of despair. They may have a mental disorder, be depressed, or even have financial difficulties. Believe it or not there are many types of suicide. Self harm, assisted suicide, murder suicide, mass suicide, just to name a few. I will explain this methods and give a little you a little insight on maybe why people do this.
Self Harm is the most common type of suicide. When someone is at the end of their rope, and feel like they have nothing to live for the might end there own life. There are many ways for them to do this. Death by hanging, they take a strong piece of rope or bed sheet or even a belt, rap around there throat to cut off air flow. Some prefer a easier way like taking a gun, and putting a bullet through brain or heart ending their life very quickly. There is yet another way of ending your life. Many will overdose on drugs. By taking a handful of pills one could lay down go to sleep and never wakeup.
Assisted suicide would be killing themselves with help. Individuals who wish to end their own lives may enlist the assistance of another person to achieve death. The other person, usually a family member or physician, may help carry out the act if the individual lacks the physical capacity to do so even with the supplied means. Assisted suicide is a contentious moral and political issue in many countries, as seen in the scandal surrounding Dr Kevorkian, who supported euthanasia, was found to have helped patients end their own lives and was sentenced to prison time.
Mass suicides are another type of suicide. This type is usually caused by peer pressure. One person who has a lot of mind control of a group, like in some religious cults, might convince a group of followers if you will, that they should commit suicide for a certain cause. An example of this would be members of the Peoples Temple in 1978 led by Jim Jones all commiting suicide at the same time for the same cause.
So what causes people to do this. Mental illness is the cause of about 78 percent of all suicide. Substance abuse is another cause. Up to 25 percent of alcholics and drug abusers commit suicide. So there are many reasons why people commit suicide, and many ways to do it, but it all has the same result.
There are many things the first officer at the scene must do to properly contain a crime scene. The first at the scene is responsible for locking down the scene to make sure nothing gets moved or contaminated before the entire scene has been documented and all evidence has been collected and tagged. Here is a list of a few things the first officer at the scene must do,
2. Notify or request notification of DA representative (Only for legal questions, do not allow a lawyer to get involved in the actual investigation. Their training limits them to the providing advise on legal issues only).
a. Clear unauthorized person from the scene. NOTE: You cannot worry about hurting someone’s feelings. If they do not belong tell them to leave. This must include any unauthorized police command.
b. Prevent anyone from touching the body or disturbing anything pending the arrival of the medical examiner, identification personnel,and investigative officers.
CAUTION - Be aware that there are search and seizure problems in this area. If in doubt you may wish to contact your DA regarding a warrant or other advise.
NOTE: - At night - Obtain adequate lighting before scene processing commences. Artificial lighting used must be adequate for photography and for minute detail search for items such as hair, cartridge cases, etc.
WHEN LIGHTING NOT AVAILABLE - secure scene under guard and wait for daylight before processing is commenced.
Investigating cause of death doesn’t just apply to people. When pets or wild animals die, we can perform a necropsy (autopsy of an animal) to find out why. You can do a necropsy in a lab or in the field. Especially in wild animals, you need to be aware of some of the diseases that you can be exposed to and take proper precautions. Number one thing to look for before you even open up the animal is anthrax in a blood smear. Ruminant animals with anthrax will have a large, dark spleen, while carnivores will have a swollen head or neck due to edema in the soft tissues. Blood smears of anthrax contain large bacterial rods (3-10 µm long by 1 µm wide) with blunt ends surrounded by a capsule. The bacteria occur singly or in short chains. Anthrax should not be confused with clostridium. Carcasses with anthrax should not be necropsied. Also be aware of other zoonotic diseases that can be transmitted to humans, livestock, or other wildlife. Carcasses with anthrax or other infectious diseases should be buried (preferably covered with a disinfectant and buried at least 2 m deep to prevent scavenging).
When determining cause of death, some things to consider include: weather conditions, temperature, signs of struggle, pre-mortem versus post-mortem wounds (signs of scavenging), bleeding, bruising, broken boned, missing hair, broken or missing teeth, or other signs of trauma. Look for and preserve any external parasites. Determine the nutritional status of the animal. Note: weight, body measurements, the amount of fat around the heart and kidneys, the muscle mass, the amount of food in the digestive tract, and the condition of the teeth.
Collect samples for further analysis such as histology, microbiology (bacteriology and virology), serology, toxicology, parasitology, and cytology. Begin necropsy. Describe any and all abnormalities, as well as conditions of the organs and body systems. Remove stomach and intestines first, but open them last to prevent contamination of the necropsy site. Look at all the organs, lymph nodes, glands muscles, nerves, bone marrow, and tissues. Also, look at the cranial cavity and the brain.
Remember, work as a team with each department. You may be looking at an animal that had been attacked, poisoned, had cancer, kidney failure, etc, or it could be a combination of multiple things. It may take many specialists to determine the cause of death.
Classwork is an important aspect of career preparation. Learning about things relevant to your career and interests will help make you more effective. However, it is always a good idea to do things outside the classroom and get a more hands on learning experience. That is exactly what happens when Josh Hunter comes to town.
Current Homeland Security officer and former Colby Community College alumni Josh Hunter annually puts on a scenario for students of criminal justice, EMT, and more. These scenarios involve real life emergency situations where the students are in charge of handling whatever might come their way. These scenarios are designed to help students learn by doing, and get out in legitimate opportunities. As a freshman I never got the opportunity to experience these scenarios until this year.
The basis of this year’s scenario was dealing with a meth lab. We had learned about meth users, meth labs, and the dangers of meth in a power point presentation by Josh the day before the scenario. What the scenario involved was a small shack by the Colby fairgrounds with several actors playing the part of meth users or innocent by-standers effected by the meth lab fumes in the area. The criminal justice students playing patrol officers had to answer the calls and go to the scene to find out what was going on. Once they discovered the meth lab and everyone in need of medical attention they called for medical help, which is where EMT students came in to do their part. Also, students training for HASMAT teams were also called in to get to suit up and practice on what it would be like to deal with a real meth lab. The EMT students took the actors back to campus where they were in the care of Colby Community College nursing students. Not only were students at the scene, but also so were their instructors of different fields observing them and making sure not to budge in so they could get a full experience. At it’s peak the scenario had four ambulances, a HASMAT truck, and dozens of participants dealing with the “meth lab” at the fairgrounds. It gave several people involved the opportunity to practice a situation that they could face in any day in their careers.
For me personally I had the opportunity to work on the emergency management side. The Thomas County Emergency Manager and myself watched the whole scene and listened to the events of the scenario through dispatch radio to make sure everything was written down. I really didn’t know much at all about emergency management but it was interesting learning about how the emergency managers office takes care of several different scenarios and situations coordinating with everything from police to EMS.
For any new criminal justice students or really any student who has the opportunity to be involved in this scenario I would certainly recommend it. These scenarios give the unique opportunity to step outside the bounds of the classroom and apply what you’ve been hearing and reading about. A wide range of students can find a way to make these scenarios not only a meaningful but also fun experience. It is important to arm yourself with all the tools you can to make yourself better, and in the words of Josh these scenarios are just another tool you’ll have in your box fort he future.
In criminal justice, there are ways to describe a crime scene. Learning about different things can have an influnence on what you would like to do in life. Throughout the school year we watch movies, talk about crime scenes, and projects. The effective way is doing it yourself as if it would happen in reality. Josh Hunter comes up with the best scenarios to make help you see how its really like on a more hand on basis.
Josh Hunter attended Colby Community College as a student. He is now working for Homeland Security. Every year he comes down and takes us through a scenario. Josh Hunter really makes it real, challenging, and fun. He have several roles that you can play as of what your carrer would be based upon. This really helped me in seeing how things really works.
The scenario this year was about meth and how dangerous meth labs could be. Josh Hunter came to class and had a presentaion of a powerpoint about meth. He showed how meth can be used, the effects of meth, and what can be found in meth/meth labs. The scenario started at the Colby Fairgrounds. The meth lab was a small shack. Josh had different people playing roles such as actors, civilians, and meth heads. The CJ students playing the role as police officers such as myself, got to have a police belt, a gun, and a real police radio. The officers split up into teams and had real police officers as guids. We got the calls from by standers about suspious behavior at the fairgrounds. The officers investigated the scene. When people was hurt we had Colby EMT students that treated the wounded. Any people that was infected by the meth labs had Colby Students as HASMAT people to disinfect people. The whole scenario was great. It was opportunities to get the students to see how a real crime scene can happen. Everybody had they parts and played them wll.
As for myself, playing the role as an police officer was the toughest job. You had to be be quick to respond. You had to know what to do and be smart about your decisions. Had to call in your locations on the radio with your team. We started from the school and got to ride in police cars with the offciers. I had a chance to really act out a role as a police officer as you would see on television.
In my opinion, anyone that will be doing an scenario with Josh Hunter will be excited. This was the best experience i have had . I encourage any CJ students to get involved because Josh Hunter Scenarios is a great opportunity to see what can reall happen. It makes you realize your mistakes and helps you out with what you would like to do as a career in the criminal justice filed. The scenarios can be challenging but most of all can be fun. Once again this was a great experience and look forward to doing it again next year with my fellow CJ Students.
Current Homeland Security officer and former Colby Community College alumni Josh Hunter annually puts on a scenarios for students of criminal justice, EMT, and more. Hunter designs these scenarios in a way that we can work along side with real officers and get hands on with what is happening. This is basically a guide line to what we possibly would be dealing with when we go into the law enforcement. As a Sophomore this was the first time I got involved with this.
The scenario this year was dealing with a meth lab. The day before Josh Hunter talked to us about meth users, meth labs, and the dangers of meth on a power point presentation. The scenario involved a small shack at the fairgrounds in Colby, with many of us acting out as meth users, or innocent by-standers affected by all the commotion with all the officers around. Criminal Justice students played the role of a patrol officer, where they had to answer calls and go to the scene. Once they discovered the shack was a meth lad they called for medical assistance , which was students as well playing a role as the EMT. Students training for the HASMAT team were there as well to practice suiting up and going in a real meth lab and experiencing it. The EMT students took actors of this scenario back to the College where they worked on the affected ones, they made sure not to move and inch so that the trainees could get the full experience from it. At the peak of this scenario, there was 4 Ambulances, a HASMAT team, and many participants dealing with the meth lab incident. It was a good experience for the students to see what could happen with this at any time of there career.
We played the part of a by-stander curious of the small shack, we were told to bug the students training as they could deal with annoying people like us, and they got to know how to deal with it in a cautious way. Although if it wasn't for important stuff outside of scenario, we would of liked to have hung around and take in everything that was going on, but instead we had to leave.
For any new student that would be given the opportunity to play a role in this scenario, I would recommend to go to it, as you will learn a lot of new things even if this is not part of your future career trade.
In the Health and Wellness Resource Library you will a wealth of well researched and well rounded information to help you on your quest for health.
Members of the resource library will have unlimited access to all of the items that I create for my readers, such as books, printables, and courses. Many other items included are books and courses and resources that I, myself, have used in my studies.
Topics include Nutrition, Recipes, Meal Planning and Organization, Herbs and Essential Oils, Yoga and Fitness, and Moms and Kids. You can expect to regularly see new things added as I create or find them!
Life and death. Love and hate. Happiness and despair. Thrill of victory and agony of defeat. George Carlin and Pauly Shore.
In Washington County, we have a thin line of our own - and no idea how to approach it. For some reason, if you attend anything from most local high school events to HCC games to any Hagerstown Suns game, two things are usually the norm. The stands look like Mother Hubbard's cupboard and the loudest audible noise comes from the crickets.
Cheering here is a forgotten art. It used to be sports was a great bonding event with the feel of a spontaneous New Year's Eve party. People screamed, yelled and whooped it up all in the name of fun.
Nowadays, crowds at many local sporting events sit there like they are either waiting for a dentist appointment or have too much cheese in their diets.
Buying a ticket usually allows fans to scream, yell, turn different colors, vent and release hostilities ... and that's just because of the cost to get in. Once inside, it's almost a rite to have those same gyrations, which can not only be used to pump up the home team, but can also become an effective stress release for the tensions of the week.
Mannequins don't ride rollercoasters. Why should they be on display in the stands and bleachers of games?
I'm here to tell you it's all right to get whipped up into a frenzy if it moves you. Get wild. Stomp your feet. Yell. Get vocal.
Let your favorite athletes and your hometown know you care about someone ... something ... anything.
But remember, it's like anything else. It's not always what you say. It's a matter of how you say it.
In the effort of trying to promote sportsmanship - another one of those thin lines - area schools make an announcement before events, telling fans to cheer in a "positive" manner.
There can't be any signs, bells, catcalls or anything that could give the home team an advantage or make an opponent feel belittled. Nothing negative can be said, which takes away some of the creativity of cheering.
Instead of hanging out of the stands and yelling "AH-HA-HA-ha-ha, Quarterback. You can't throw," big plays in football are acknowledged with polite golf claps and, "Thank you very much for making that error in judgment and passing the ball to our player by mistake."
Around here, it sounds like an upper class polo match or yacht race, complete with Bloody Marys and ascots: "Pursue them. Pursue them. Make them relinquish the ball. Rah."
So, in an effort to educate the public - and these self-appointed czars of fan etiquette - on the concept of cheering, here's a game primer.
Correct: The right balance between motivating your team while annoying the opponents, all done in fun and good taste.
If you could answer at least three of these definitions correctly, please voice your pleasure and have a good time at an event near you.
Remember, stadiums and arenas are built on the large side so they have space for all the noise. That explains why libraries and museums are usually so cramped.
Stadiums and museums. Arenas and libraries. Just two more of those thin lines that must be straddled.
Bob Parasiliti is a staff writer for The Herald-Mail. His column appears every other Tuesday. He can be reached at 301-733-5131 ext. 2310 or bobp@herald-mail.com
The six local Edward Jones investment representatives will host a free one-hour satellite broadcast titled "Paying for College" Tuesday at 11:30 a.m. and 6:30 p.m. at several Tri-State area locations.
The broadcast will explore the ins and outs of saving for college and applying for financial aid. The broadcast will include discussions about the benefits and suitability of a 529 plan, the different types of financial aid available and strategies to combine public and private financing.
Washington County middle school counselors will be in their buildings Tuesday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. to assist parents and students with middle school registration.
If the student is registering with the Washington County Public Schools for the first time, parents will need to supply the following:
n Proof of immunization - The immunization record must be signed by a physician and show that the second MMR was given after age 1.
n Proof of residency - Bring any of the following: rental lease, utility bill, mortgage payment, credit card bill or property tax bill to show that the student resides in Washington County.
If the student is transferring schools within Washington County, parents only need to supply proof of residence.
School administrations and staff will present information about the programs, policies and procedures for the 2005-06 school year.
Eighth-grade Meet the Teacher Night will be Sept. 6 at 7 p.m., and seventh-grade Meet the Teacher night will be Sept. 7 at 7 p.m.
It was thrown mercilessly off the back of the Warriors football team, and chased out of town with Boonsboro's first season-opening win since 1998, a 40-13 drubbing of Moorefield on Friday night.
"You're never as good as (the score) might show in a game like this. I'm happy with our defense, but our kicking game needs some work, and I thought our passing game was a little off."
Kyle Kane got Boonsboro started early, rolling 77 yards on the Warriors' second play from scrimmage for a quick 6-0 advantage.
"I had blocking the whole way down the field," said Kane, a junior. "It was just a great team effort. There were always people around me. I don't think I saw the end zone until I got to the 25 (yard line)."
Meanwhile, the defense didn't allow Moorefield (0-3) any running room at all, limiting the Yellow Jackets to minus-12 yards rushing on 32 tries.
After touchdowns by Matt Wetzel and Adam Rippeon made it 21-0, Moorefield scored on freshman Jesse Thompson's 74-yard kickoff return.
Boonsboro responded with its fourth score with 19 seconds left in the half, when quarterback Zach Shoemaker ran it in from 2 yards out to cap a 68-yard march.
The only success the Jackets experienced offensively came in the second half, with quarterback Steven Fulk throwing for 130 yards and a touchdown on Thompson's juggling, one-handed catch from 34 yards out to make it 27-13.
"In the second half, we played a lot of our second group at linebacker, and started to mix it in a little," said Anders. "Our kids were cramping up some, and the situation allowed it."
But Boonsboro wiped out any concerns of a Moorefield comeback with a pair of Jeremiah Mills scores from 1 and 5 yards out to complete the scoring.
"This sets the tone for us," said Anders. It gives us a chance to feel good about where we are, and what we can do."
Tired of inching your way down Hagerstown's Eastern Boulevard, or alarmed at seeing your property taxes rise as assessments soar?
Well, don't blame the developers or Washington County's new residents for the congestion and the higher costs that go along with growth. Blame the law of supply and demand.
It isn't anything new or mysterious. English economist Alfred Marshall described it in 1890 in his book, "Principles of Political Economy." Simply stated, it says that as demand increases, so do prices, as long as the supply of goods is limited.
If raspberry-flavored bottled water becomes the latest fad, the manufacturer can easily speed up production. If, however, you want a fancy car like the 500-horsepower Dodge Viper, you had better be prepared to pay the $80,000 list price, because it is only produced in limited quantities.
So it with houses today. There are more people who want to buy homes than there are houses for sale, especially in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
What that will mean to Washington County was described in "Growing Pains," an eight-part Herald-Mail series on growth and related challenges that concluded last Sunday.
An out-of-town client shifted her home search to Hagerstown because she was tired of being outbid for homes in the metro area. She was priced out of the market and so she came west, where there is more inventory at prices that seem, at least to metro-area folks, more reasonable.
She's not the only one. Judging from the surge in local construction, many people have decided that getting a house they can afford makes a longer commute worthwhile.
In this westward movement, Frederick County took the first hit, with its population growing by 30 percent between 1990 and 2000 and another 9.4 percent between 200 and 2003.
As a result, officials there had to plan on building a new school each year for 10 years. The number of sheriff's deputies nearly tripled in the past five years and the housing price squeeze that fueled Frederick's growth began happening all over again, so much so that Frederick County has adopted an ordinance mandating affordable housing in new developments.
In hindsight, James Gugel, the chief comprehensive planner for Frederick County, said the county's zoning codes should have been updated sooner and the county should have added an adequate-public facilities ordinance (APFO) and a workforce housing law.
Washington County has an APFO, but after more than two years trying to revise its zoning laws, local officials came up with an ordinance that they admitted was imperfect when they passed it. The affordable housing issue was only addressed because the Washington County delegation to the Maryland General Assembly mandated a study of it in March, as the price of passing an excise tax on new construction. The commissioners say they were going to do this anyway.
Washington County is also behind in road construction and maintenance as well, with millions needed to upgrade intersections that are clogged now and roads that carry more traffic than they were designed for.
Gary Rohrer, the county's director of public works, said that part of the problems came because instead of rebuilding many roads as growth increased, old farm lanes were just paved over. Rohrer blamed other problems on the lax enforcement of development standards during the 1980s and 1990s.
The Washington County Hospital has only kept its emergency room from being overwhelmed by opening an Urgent Care Center at Robinwood. A second one is planned for Pennsylvania Avenue. A new hospital is planned, but county government finally decided to take the lead only after hospital officials spent two years jousting with the Hagerstown City Council over the project.
There is an ongoing debate over who is responsible for the delay, but while it was going on, building codes changed, according to hospital CEO James Hamill, and plans that have already been drawn will have to be reviewed.
The new hospital is one issue, while getting emergency patients there is quite another. The series points out that the fire/rescue service hasn't expanded with the population and the estimated cost of replacing a 30-year-old emergency communications system has grown from $15 million to $20.8 million.
Then there are the soon-to-be overcrowded schools, which were already facing a backlog of maintenance and reconstruction projects, in part because previous county boards didn't always contribute enough matching cash to get state funding.
Two things are true: The county could not have avoided this, unless all residents had agreed that that was what they wanted to do. But judging by all the grief the County Commissioners heard when they tried to restrict the number of lots that could be developed, there are plenty of people who've been "banking" land, knowing it would go up in value. For them, growth is welcome and, as a result, probably inevitable.
But it was also predictable, and just as President Bush has admitted that Hurricane Katrina wasn't his administration's finest hour, if they are honest, the commissioners will admit that when this wave of growth hit, their "levees" weren't in place.
The Washington County Commission on Aging offers noon lunches to anyone 60 years and older at seven locations - Hancock, Smithsburg, Keedysville, Williamsport and three in Hagerstown.
A two-day reservation notice is required and a donation is asked per meal. For information, call 301-790-0275.
Wednesday - Baked macaroni and cheese, stewed tomatoes, sweet trail muffin, mandarin oranges and milk.
Regarding this comment (Roger Simmons, TV wants to get close, July 6): "Speaking of pre-emptions, fans of Buffy the Vampire Slayer (I'm talking about you, Jerry Greene) and other UPN shows, please pay attention. WRBW-Channel 65, Orlando's UPN affiliate, has renewed its deal to carry up to 35 Magic games this season. The bad news is that Magic coverage will bump UPN programming, as it did this past season. But that's good news for basketball fans."
You left the impression that WRBW did not show the UPN network shows. Nothing could be further from the truth. If a UPN network program is pre-empted for a live sports telecast, the network program is rescheduled and shown in its entirety. Usually your paper prints the rescheduled date and time. Viewers can always find the latest details from our Web site.
Please note the green-lined linked article text has been applied commercially without any involvement from our newsroom editors, reporters or any other editorial staff.
Using PowerPoint presentations, all speakers can become a good speaker, if one knows how to use the PowerPoint presentation! Presentations are a great means of communicating with a large number of people, however, it is advanced presentation skills that creates interest and excitement in your subject, and thus, trust and enthusiasm in you!
Just because you have a word processor installed in your computer does not make you a writer or author; neither does having PowerPoint in your computer make you a good speaker! PowerPoint is just a tool that is used to help you in your presentation, but in no way makes you a good speaker. It is actually the fear of speaking in front of people that makes people look for ways to overcome it to become a good speaker. And one of the more convenient ways of overcoming this fear is by using PowerPoint. The best way of overcoming your fear of speaking is to be comfortable with your material and message so that it becomes a conversation with the audience.
Use PowerPoint to bring the key points of your presentation to life with its� added visual dimension. However, you have to know the whole matter of your speech well while using the PowerPoint presentation as PowerPoint is there only to help you while you give the speech.Create slides for your PowerPoint presentation while keeping good design principles in mind. Use contrasting colors and big fonts in the presentation fonts, as they are more effective in grasping the audience�s attention. However, avoid using the PowerPoint as a teleprompter as this is one of the things that audiences hate. It is of no use having all your text on the slide, and then just going on reading each slide to the audience. Use the PowerPoint slide just to help you along in the presentation by having only the main points for the presentation on the slides.
When using PowerPoint presentations, it is very important that you prepare yourself to collaborate your speaking and the use of the computer to give the PowerPoint presentation. The best way of doing this is to practice your presentation on a colleague or friend. So with practice, you find that giving your presentation with a PowerPoint presentation increases your prowess as a good speaker. . If you can�t do both these jobs together, it would be better to get someone to help you with the controlling of the computer, so that you can give a good speech using the PowerPoint slides. However, it is important that you test the equipment before the presentation, as sometimes the PowerPoint program may seem as though they are out to get you when it is spoilt; so prove that you are in charge, and not them by checking on the equipment before the speech!
Using a PowerPoint presentation gives you visual aids to be used while giving your speech. Visuals give a big picture quickly, and also graphics, pictures, and bar charts that you can used during your speech to enhance the meaning of your presentation. However, it is better to keep your PowerPoint slides simple with not much matter on it, as otherwise, it may seem that you are showing your audience your speaker notes! Using the PowerPoint as a teleprompter as this is one of the things that audiences hate. It is of no use having all your text on the slide, and then going on reading each slide to the audience. Use the PowerPoint slide just to help you along in the presentation by having only the main points for the presentation on the slides.
So it can be said that PowerPoint is no magical software that makes you a good speaker. It is just a tool that can help you in your presentation. It is actually you yourself who becomes a good speaker using your own speech techniques, with the help of a PowerPoint presentation!
About the Author: About Author: Thomson Chemmanoor is an powerpoint expert offering powerpoint templates at his website http://www.powerpointguys.com. For listing please visit http:www.powerpointguys.com/ for a perfect PowerPoint presentation .A place where you can find different types of PowerPoint Presentation according to your needs.
Copyright © 1995-2018 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by Verisign
Academic catalogs of Saint Xavier College and Saint Xavier University, including university mission statements, academic calendars, academic policies and procedures, descriptions of programs and requirements, course descriptions by school and department, and listings of faculty and trustees.
The items digitized in this collection are the property of Saint Xavier University. They may be used freely, with attribution, for research and educational purposes. For permission to publish, distribute, or use an image in this collection for any other purpose, contact archives@sxu.edu.
Abstract Reviews the book, Psychologist at Large: An Autobiography and Selected Essays of a Distinguished Psychologist by Edwin G. Boring (see record 1961-35015-000). This book contains much history and much psychology. It also contains other things. Only a few leaders, relatively speaking, will have had a chance to sample the author's style so widely as they can in this book. No one can doubt that he is one of the most effective users of the English language in our profession. Certainly it is a readable and intensely interesting account of a man. A reader who feels that he knows something of the author, but misses in the autobiography some things he considers important, finds himself at a loss. Surely no facts belong in the account unless they are part of author's own view of himself, for that would make them biography rather than autobiography. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)
Abstract Reviews the books, Treatment of Psychiatric Outpatients by Ronald R. Koegler and Norman Q. Brill (see record 1967-07408-000); and Emergency Psychiatry and Brief Therapy by George J. Wayne and Ronald R. Koegler (Eds."(1966). Two-thirds of the pages in this book are devoted to a report of a study carried out at the Neuropsychiatric Institute Outpatient Clinic at UCLA. The study evaluated the effects of Compazihe, Miltown, and phenobarbital, as well as placebos, psychotherapy, and no treatment, on Caucasian female patients with personality disorders, psychoneuroses, and other conditions which would ordinarily have been treated by psychotherapy if there had been no limitations on the clinic staff or facilities. The general theme suggested in the title (i.e., treatment of psychiatric outpatients) is not really so general. Furthermore, when the authors in the last one-third of the book do talk in general terms about the outpatient treatment of a variety of diagnostic groups their discussion becomes doctrinaire and arbitrary. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)
Two Hand Coordination Test :: Artifacts (psychological and scientific instruments, apparatus, and other objects from the history of psychology)
Description Test for measuring coordination. Subject rotates a pair of counter-balanced hand cranks, one with each hand, simultaneously or separately.
Our Online Bachelors Degree Programs, allows professionals and working adults like you to get your Fast Bachelor Degree within days. No Admissions, Exams, no attending classes. Our network of universities are looking for dedicated individuals and want to have you as part of their alumni. You choose your University. Once we submit your enrollment form, it takes only 24 hours to receive a response, we will then send you a list of college/Universities that have approved your chosen Bachelors degree. You can buy an authentic bachelors degree.
Honestly, I was quite surprised. There was a part of me that thought "this can't be right" how could I buy a bachelors degree online? I had
no idea the degree program I chose would be so authentic. I was thinking of a bachelors degree in criminal justice, but instead, I chose business management as it related to most of my work skills and life experience.
My University degree arrived in days. I love the feel of the diploma. I thought raised-ink would cost thousands. Everything is so real. Your company did a wonderful job. I work from home, My bachelors degree hangs proudly on my home-office wall. What a cool program.
Simply fill out the Bachelor enrollment form. Provide life experience, education, and any other pertinent information that relates to your desired fast bachelors degree.
Your form will be evaluated: We submit your information to our exclusive network of Colleges and Universities, when they reply, we will notify you.
based on your skills and experience. You can choose the University Online degree program that suits you best.
We notify you when your complete fast bachelor degree graduate package ships. You can track your associate package right to your door. Always trust the number one associate degree provider, college degree fast, in days.
College Degree Fast allows you more majors than any other life experience bachelor degree programs online. Popular majors for 2015 based on statistics, are: Business Administration or Business Management, B.A. Human Resource Management, B.S. Counseling, Bachelors degree in Criminal Justice, Computer Science, Information Technology, Bachelors degree in education,
Allows you to choose from a small list of majors, with limited degree choices. This is mainly attributed to their use of templates for your degree. University that issues degrees are not registered corporations, no legal standinig.
As required, your Legal College degree, issued on the basis of your life experience, is issued from an excellent university name in good standing. The University phone, fax and address are located on your documents. Additionally, information is on the back of your bachelor transcripts.
Do not fall for other online mills, offering silly university names which are not legal or legitimate.
Their life experience degrees and transcripts are issued, usually-with only an email address as a point of contact. Service is is null after the sale.
Legitimate Life experience Bachelor degrees, original degrees printed on traditional degree paper, digital professional print, raised-ink printing available, with Embossed Seal of the University which identifies it as an Authentic degree programs from your legal university. Bachelor Transcripts are on Official Anti-Copy Paper with watermarks and other University security Features.
Non-Legal Provider of made-up college degrees on copy paper, usually uses sticker generic seals Inkjet printed. Transcripts are on Non Official copy paper from a pre-used template with simple Pass/Fail Marks. No GPA legend and no additional information provided on the back of your transcripts. There is no value, even as accolades.
Colleges and Universities that issue your Bachelors degree, that have partnered with us, are exclusive to us. You will not find anyone selling these degree products anywhere else. Accredited Life experience bachelor degrees, maintain private accreditation online. They specialize in distance, convergence and purchase programs.
Claims Regionally accredited life experience degree programs, which, upon research can be found as fictitious, bogus accreditation from an agency located in another country. Online fast degree, or purchased degrees have absolutely no legal standing to be used for employment.
This site is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. no representations or warranties of any kind are made, expressed or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
Offensive or destructive content material will likely be eliminated right away, make sure you deliver an email to webmaster@mediacet.com
Looking to capture some Solar in Tenerife but undecided exactly where to go? Look into our leading inns in Tenerife or several of our leading Tenerife holiday getaway destinations:
Even though other institutions like state and native governments and personal corporations may use other names, it is actually our coverage to usually make reference to holidays from the names designated during the regulation.
With countless tempting destinations from which to choose, why halt at 1 when you don’t must. Our multi-centre holidays give you the possibility to combine two or even more destinations.
In Most recent societies, having said that, holidays function Substantially of a recreational perform as any other weekend days or pursuits.
Kassel is not really an overly designed vacationer town and you will see numerous household neighbourhoods to choose from. A vacation condominium in Wahlershausen as an example will see you being only to the west of town centre.
While other establishments for instance state and local governments and private firms may perhaps use other names, it truly is our policy to generally seek advice from holidays via the names selected while in the legislation.
School Trainer Elizabeth Cullen, requires an interest in her new, unhappy pupil Grainne just after she leaves a dried grass snake and also a Be aware reading "Only your deepest want could make me smile". After a St. Patrick's Working day evening of top article ingesting, Elizabeth awakens inside a environmentally friendly automobile with snake pores and skin laying all-around her. She Fortunately discovers that she's pregnant (she Earlier expressed fascination in possessing youngsters) only to know from your medical professional which the baby might be a reptile.
Perhaps you are classified as the adventurous style and wish to go skiing during the Alps or simply just desire a relaxing week within the Caribbean sipping cocktails whilst tanning your self on lush beach locations, we're always attempting to find magnificent offer holidays.
The idea of holidays normally originated in reference to religious observances. The intention of a vacation was commonly to permit people today to tend to religious responsibilities affiliated with essential dates about the calendar.
In any event, as it is possible to in all probability tell, the majority of the resorts throughout Tenerife deliver loads of various nighttime routines for every type of vacation-maker.
Pete tries to hide what transpired, but his wife, Sara, reveals that she saw the saved footage. Pete reveals that he's Bored with being pushed on by the holidays and that he just wished to make it easier for himself. To his surprise, Sara is turned on by this and the two have intercourse. Later on, Pete looks with the glasses once more and discovers that Sara had tortured and killed her manager right after he passed her above for a bonus.
Presenting a Television and also a dishwasher, this 18m² room has one bedroom. It is situated in Kassel and it has a kitchen area.
Fly with British Airways to hundreds of Places around the globe and remain at any of our 12,000 thoroughly picked resorts around the world. Or, If you prefer the freedom from the open up road, guide a fly-drive with car or truck rental in partnership with Avis.
about us artists paintings exhibitions artist of the month collection of the month new arrivals art as investment contact us
Art Invest India was born of a dream to promote art that sells today as well as tomorrow to discerning collectors and connoisseurs at the click of a button. The carefully selected art showcased in our on-line gallery is an eclectic mix that both satiates the appetite of the connoisseur and ignites the spark in the collector/investor of the future. The visitor can easily and leisurely peruse the paintings and make a considered decision in the comfort of his or her home or office … indeed, from anywhere in India or across the globe at their convenience. Art Invest India has some very fine art works that have been appropriately identified, selected and authenticated to ensure that you get the very best art works that not only are valuable today but will considerably appreciate in time to come. It is backed by a team of highly experienced and widely respected professionals who are committed to ensuring the complete satisfaction of its valued customers. Besides its on-line gallery, Art Invest India periodically organizes art camps, hosts interesting art shows of prestigious artists in its stable, ably presenting their latest offerings to the art circle and collectors. Art Invest India welcomes you to its on-line gallery and looks forward to a long and mutually beneficial relationship. Needless to say, all transactions are bound by a strict privacy & confidentiality guarantee and offer complete transparency. We look forward to your support in making Art Invest India a success.
( Translations of this page: Arabic - Bulgarian - Chinese - Croatian - Czech - Danish - Dutch - Filipino - Finnish - French - German - Greek - Hebrew - Hindi - Indonesian - Italian - Japanese - Korean - Latvian - Lithuanian - Norwegian - Persian - Polish - Portuguese - Romanian - Russian - Serbian - Slovak - Slovenian - Spanish - Swedish - Turkish - Ukranian - Vietnamese )
Welcome ! You are about to send a free e-card with an artwork of Artislamic.com. You see the picture of your e-card in the form below. You will form your e-card by going through six easy steps: 1. Enter the sender information, 2. Enter the recipient information, 3. Write your message, 4. Choose a java graphic effect for the picture if you wish, 5. Make two selections, 6. Press the - Preview - button. When you reach the next page you will be able to set a special subject for your e-card.
(Note: Safari and Chrome web browsers are unsuccessful on e-card sending. Please use Explorer, Firefox or Opera for sending e-cards. Do not worry about the recipients, they can see your e-card with any browser without any problem.)
[About the picture] View of Dolmabahce coast and Valide Sultan Mosque in Dolmabahce district in Istanbul city of Turkey. (The picture was taken by Artislamic.com in 2004.)
There are 34 effects you can choose from. By clicking on their names below you can see a running example of the effects in a small pop-up window. (If there is a security block on your computer against running Java codes the effects will not work.) If you do not wish to choose any effect you do not need to do anything. In this case only the image will be seen on your e-card. For choosing an effect please click on the small circle above the one you like:
1- How would you like to be the e-mail message that will inform you and the recipient about this e-card ?
2- Would you like to be informed about the last updates on our site via e-mail in the future (only you, not the recipient)? Yes No
We are dedicated to being the best source for Coloring Pages. To add ColoringKids.org to your Favorites press Ctrl+D.
Disclaimer: All characters coloring pages are copyright and trademark of the respective owners. We are not connected with all of these owners in any way. Pictures on this site are only intended as a free resource for kids or children. If you feel there is any copyright infringement, please contact us.
To qualify for Section 8 Housing, a household must meet the Very Low Income Guidelines established by Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Of the households initially coming on to the program, 75% must qualify as an "Extremely-Low Income" household. Income is based on gross income from all sources, including but not limited to wages, Social Security, TANF, child support, interest, pensions, etc. Income limits are listed below.
“The Lafayette Housing Authority administers federal housing assistance for families with very low-income, people who are elderly and people with disabilities in Lafayette, West Lafayette and the five-mile radius surrounding the cities.”
Vintage Pewter Necklace, Modernist MidCentury Pendant Necklace Handmade and signed by Jorgen Jensen. This square pewter pendant necklace is made of handmade pewter and has a star modernist design with black detail.
This is an authentic handmade pewter necklace pendant made in Denmark and signed by the Jorgen Jensen brand. Statement necklace is an ‘under-statement’
Artly Vintage, born and buttered in NYC is a unique online boutique with jewelry, apparel and home art that is always unique. Stop shopping boring and start being different! (that's what we say anyway). Read more about Artly - https://artlyvintage.com/our-story/
The international award-winning Kearsney College Choir from Botha’s Hill performed at the recent International Conference of Principals (ICP) in Cape Town.
More than 2000 school principals from around the world attended the 7th annual ICP to discuss changing attitudes towards sexism, racism and materialism.
In July last year the Kearsney College Choir was named Olympic Champions at the Choir Olympics in Bremen, Germany where they won a gold medal in the Folklore category. They also won a bronze medal in the Chamber section and silver in the Pop Choral category.
Want to be happy about using a car hire service? Explore the world with a luxury sport car at maximum speed!
Just use our car hire form to compare sport car hire prices in such companies as Enterprise, AVIS, Budget, SIXT, Hertz, Thrifty, Alamo, Dollar, Fox, Payless, Ace, National, Europcar, E-Z and more companies to choose the most affordable deal!
Using our car hire service you will get not only an opportunity to compare cars and dealers, but also you can:
The sooner you book the more sport car hire Oranjestad - Queen Beatrix Intl. Airport [AUA], Aruba vehicles you'll have to choose from! The cars are selling out very fast because of their attractive prices
Booking in advance you'll get the lowest price guaranteed! The car hire price depends on demand highly.
*our system is looking for the best sport cars available or similar cars, but we can't 100% guarantee this car is available right at the moment.
ASC Vancouver Surgical Centre doctors are established specialists and subspecialists who also practice in the public healthcare system. We’ll ensure that you are seen by the appropriate specialists who include:
ASC Vancouver Surgical Centre is a private surgical centre in downtown Vancouver offering expedited access to a wide range of day and short stay surgeries.
We are located at the intersection of Burrard and Davie, in close proximity to St. Paul’s Hospital, in downtown Vancouver.
Disclaimer: This is a Canadian website. As per the guidelines of The Canadian Medical Protective Association, its content is intended for a Canadian audience only. ASCV has made every effort to ensure the accuracy of this website, however please consult your doctor for information relating to your specific case. The information provided is intended for general purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice.
" Whether we believe in Astrology or not but at some point in our life when we start suffering from some big disappointments one after another at a high frequency for a long interval of time we start believing that there exist something very powerful in our life which is directing our life and which has the power to change the course of our life what we call-Destiny and Astrology is nothing else but an attempt to estimate the destiny of a person so as to provide him or her some important guidelines. "........ Ashish Vyas
The first thing that the would-be astrologer should do is discard the idea that all forms of astrology is superstition mingled with the paranormal which can only be understood by mystics steeped in occult lore. Today, some astrology is presented this way, but this is not true "traditional astrology". Did you know that Astrology was considered science in man's early history? And some still do,with good reason (you will find out why later). Also until just a short time ago it was considered the same as astronomy, an extension of it if you will, and uses the same tables as do the astronomer and the navigator.
Hi everyone welcome to my sports page. There isn't much displayed on here just links to my faveorite sports Websites. I like Football, Basketball, and Baseball mainly. I do however like Hockey as well.
I think I bake cookies every month, if not every couple of weeks. Especially when it's cold or raining, but then again...I also love to open the windows and bake when the sunlight is pouring in too, so I suppose I bake as often as I can. Anyone else guilty of this?! The only *dilemma* is that my kids also LOVE to bake, and the thing is, they think they're really helping. And they're not. I feel like my life is a constant, "Reese, not yet," or, "Pierson, just be patient," while I juggle reading instructions, measuring ingredients, and helping them not dump flour and sugar all over the floor. But it's cute. And these memories are priceless, so lo and behold, we bake together often.
Here's the recipe for my absolute favorite oatmeal chocolate chip cookies, adapted from Liv for Cake's blog:
1 c unsalted butter at room temp [mine's typically colder than room temp but I warm it up a few seconds in the microwave and they turn out delish nonetheless]
-In the bowl of an electric mixer, beat butter and sugars on med-high until pale and fluffy (approx. 3 minutes).
-Add eggs one at a time, fully incorporating after each addition, and beat on high for 1 minute. -Add vanilla.
I could eat these for breakfast, lunch, AND dinner. And honestly, I had two for my breakfast this morning. Make them, share how they turned out, and have fun baking!!
PS: I never put raisins in these. I love the texture from the oats, but I don't particularly care for an oatmeal RAISIN cookies, so I just use a ton of chocolate chips instead ;)
In food, motherhood Tags pierson and reese, cookies, on the table, baking, in the kitchen, oatmeal, oatmeal chocolate chip, kitchen aid, toddlers, childhood, parenting, homemade, bake
Public education is under attack in Kentucky. I support and will work for universal pre-K in Kentucky.
I stand with workers, & will work to protect organized labor by repealing so-called “right-to-work” laws
I will fight for a statewide fairness law, public financing of elections and full transparency of government.
See if you live in District 33 and can help send me to Frankfort in November by voting Ashley May Nash (D) in May!
If you’re interested in helping me campaign for Kentucky House District 33, there are so many ways that you can get involved in local politics and help!
Use the form to the left to sign up for my email list and stay up-to-date on my campaign, plus learn about the many ways you can help me through volunteering.
Amateur Blonde Interracial Fucking. Amateur Hardcore Teen Black. Mature black Ravages Youthful dark-hued 11 months ago Strapon black amateur having sex with her lover. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the link.
A Black kitty With a Mature lady 1 year ago A sexy young slut getting it good in all her holes. Check out the black young girls with the tightest, wettest pussies you've ever tasted. Slut in a tight dress likes black cock Tags: Also, hot ass ebony beauties, in great need for cock inside them. Pxmb The Buttafly Effect!
Big Breast Cougar likes Big black cock 11 months ago Amateur , Masturbating , Sex , Ebony , Black. Mummy Alyssa Fellate and Screw thick ebony boner 10 months ago If you really like something, let the uploader know by rating or commenting! Tara Holiday And innocence Lynn plows big black cock 1 year ago
wow that black girl is fine... glad to see a chick showing then some guy girls def know what other girls want more then dudes good post man
A lessen in pain has actually been mentioned with supplementation of ashwagandha root during chemotherapy relative to manage.
Improved physical exercise-induced muscle harm/Restoration in untrained men and women as measured by plasma creatine kinase concentrations
A: Ashwagandha does appear to obtain benefits for guys specially. These tend to centralize about testicular health and fertility while the antistress effects have an impact on both equally sexes.
Neoplasms from tumor promoters seem like noticeably suppressed with Withaferin A resulting from preserving mitochondrial purpose
These effects have already been famous in diabetic mice, plus a slight reduce is also witnessed in control mice with no health complications.[189]
Because of influencing all four intermediate filament proteins (KIFs, PFs, NIFs, and VIF), There is certainly an evident disruption of microtubules and microfilament development during the cell's cytoskeleton and an increase in actin stress fibers at twoµM Withaferin A.[forty four]
When looking at the mechanisms of ashwagandha induced neurogenesis, sominone seems to become a immediate agonist for the RET receptor and A few other elements in ashwagandha surface to stimulate the manufacture of BDNF (A further neurotrophic growth agent, which functions upon a distinct list of receptors)
Regardless of alterations in electrical power output witnessed, the rate of perceived exertion in otherwise sedentary persons is not affected.
Ashwagandha is also referred to as as poison gooseberry , Indian ginseng or Wintertime cherry. It is basically a brief tender perennial herb which grows as much as 35-seventy five centimeters. Additionally it consists of many medicinal Qualities and it is also used in lots of ayurvedic remedies.
Increased hippocampal nitric oxide synthase exercise and stress responsiveness after imipramine discontinuation: purpose of 5HT 2A/C-receptors. Metab Brain Dis
Strengthening the scalp circulation and strengthening the hair are a few of the most effective benefits of Ashwagandha.
Don’t throw away the roots and berries of Ashwagandha. They Enjoy A serious position while in the production of tonics and capsules for health uses.
There was claimed to generally be high variability in the quantity of Lively withanolides in widespread nutritional dietary supplements,[35] which may be thanks both to insufficient standardization of root powder.
A 1994 research confirmed which the compounds in ashwagandha stimulate immune cells, and also a Newer research observed that an herbal tea click here containing ashwagandha increased all-natural killer cell website activity in healthy volunteers with recurrent coughs and colds.
Granted, Charlottesville is largely a white city in Virginia, but there were still a good handful of Asian American, African American, and other ethnicities of children at the school as well. While substitute teaching at different schools in the city …
Asian Americans poised to pick up seats in Congress after 2018 Midterm Election; but it could have been more
The Police have arrested four suspects for assaulting a group of dutch tourists near Surf Bar, Mirissa, last Sunday, the Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority (SLTDA) said.
The Weligama Police and the Tourist Police Division are currently conducting investigations into the incident.
Some tourists including a Dutch male and two other women tourists were reported to have been brutally assaulted in Mirissa on Sunday morning when they resisted attempts to sexually assault the women.
According to eyewitnesses and several media reports, the group had been enjoying dinner and drinks at the Surf Bar and Restaurant on Saturday night when a group, including some waiters at the restaurant had attempted to sexually harass the women.
Speaking to us, a spokesman from the Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority Police patrols have been intensified in Mirissa to ensure safety of tourists visiting the area.
Meanwhile, a separate investigation is underway by the Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority into the restaurant which is at the centre of the controversy.
Initial investigations have revealed that the restaurant has not obtained license from the Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority to run a tourism related business.
Over 10 Petitions Already Filed In SC Challenging Dissolution Of Parliament: Member Of Elections Comm. Among Petitioners
Welcome to WordsWithFriends.net Q&A, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community.
Zynga has control over the Word List. You can make the suggestion to them by contacting their help desk: http://newtoy.zendesk.com
Why, for crying out loud, is "swosh" not allowed??? It is an established word. WWF has an awful dictionary.
ComeUp USA is excited to announce their latest utility winch, the UW 5000si. The UW 5000si is a fully integrated, compact, lightweight utility winch with a 5,000 pound line-pull capacity. [...]
Torfab – The Northwest source for Land Cruiser customization and service Torfab was started in a two car garage 9 years ago by Tor . Starting with his personal creations, his interest morphed [...]
This lift chair glides forward to fully recline. The motion of the chair brings the ottoman (foot rest) up to your feet before it reclines, allowing you to sit with your feet elevated comfortably.
Comfort Chair Company lift chairs offer softer seats with high quality foam, well padded arms, engineered wood frames, superior fasteners, rolled-edge upholstery, premium stitching and removable backs.
Comfort Chair Company is pleased to offer a Quick Ship Program on selected models of Comfort Chair Lift Chairs.
Episode 39 | Corey Smale | Culinary Marketer & Co-Founder of Good Fortune | Live from The Gramophone in St. Louis, MO – Pubcast Worldwide
Episode 39 | Corey Smale | Culinary Marketer & Co-Founder of Good Fortune | Live from The Gramophone in St. Louis, MO
The restaurant industry is all about creating an unforgettable experience for the people around you. No one knows this better than Corey Smale, a successful entrepreneur and restaurant marketer out of St. Louis, Missouri.
Smale’s latest project – the “Chinese American-ese” restaurant Good Fortune – is his finest work to date, and he’ll be the first to tell you that the dream team he’s assembled deserves all the credit. Corey got his start with the famed St. Louis donut shop Strange Donuts, where Corey made a name for himself as a culinary brand-builder. With his sights shifted to Good Fortune, his new restaurant is off to a hot start, and was listed in Departures Magazine as one of the 18 Most Anticipated Restaurants in 2018.
Corey and I met up at The Gramophone in St. Louis’ Grove neighborhood to discuss the events leading up to the opening of Good Fortune, explore his creative career as a restaurant marketer, and talk about the lessons he’s learned in building the best teams along the way.
The Gramophone is a local STL bar with a good beer selection that’s well-known for its sandwiches (served at almost all hours or the day). Arcade games and frequent DJs round out the ambiance here at this late-night staple in The Grove.
Corey kicks off the conversation by introducing his new restaurant Good Fortune, while providing some back-story on his first food project, Strange Donuts.
“I like to think of myself as the conductor, and without a full orchestra of people, I’m just a guy that looks goofy waving my arms.” –Corey Smale
Cory Miller is the master photographer behind a lot of Good Fortune’s marketing (and here on this show notes page). You can check out his work on Instagram.
We kick off Round 2 by talking about some of the changing stigmas around drinking in the restaurant industry.
Shout outs to Corey’s business partners – including Chef Ryan McDonald and a couple St. Louis area restaurants like Lion’s Choice and Byrd & Barrel.
Corey shares some of his favorite food cities across the U.S., including New Orleans (Peche), LA (Tony’s Tacos), Austin, Nashville, and Denver (home of Hop Alley, an inspiration for Good Fortune).
Black Thorn Pub – You’ll easily spend 3 hours in this Tower Grove South pizza pub serving Chicago-style pizza
Vicia – A vegetable-forward restaurant that’s been receiving national press, and is a favorite of Corey’s for lunch
Lion’s Choice – A St. Louis roast beef fast food chain/legend. They pay their employees well and make excellent roast beef sandwiches. This place is long overdue for a shout-out. Eat here!
It’s best to look up Corey these days via Good Fortune, which can be found on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook (all using the handle @goodfortunestl), and of course at their website GoodFortuneSTL.com.
Yeah, I know we didn’t record the episode here, but Corey just spend 2 f*cking years opening this place, so we’re going to give it another shout-out! Good Fortune is located at 1641D Tower Grove Ave, St. Louis, MO 63110. Hours are 11am to 10pm Tuesday through Saturday, 5pm to 10pm Sundays, and closed on Mondays.
Alright, this is where we recorded the episode! The Gramophone is located at 4243 Manchester Ave, St. Louis, MO 63110. Bar hours are 11am to 3am Tuesday through Sunday, closed Mondays.
Episode 43 | Mike Boyd | Head of Music Partnerships & Artist Relations at VaynerMedia | Live from Departed Soles Brewing in Jersey City, NJ October 8, 2018
Episode 41 | Travis Sherry | Professional Traveler at Extra Pack of Peanuts | Live from Love City Brewing in Philadelphia, PA August 20, 2018
PUBLIC AAKROSH is a magazine/blog/ad/review website. PUBLIC AAKROSH is a Hindi news portal brings news in Hindi from India and international news headlines, top stories on business, politics, sports and..... Every feature was carefully chosen and designed to ease the way to that perfect news or magazine website.
The afternoon was fine, and nothing interrupted my view of the great amphitheatre about me. The cliffs and ridges of K2 rose out of the glacier in one stupendous sweep to the summit of the mountain, 12,000 feet above. The sight was beyond my comprehension, and I sat gazing at it, with a kind of timid fascination … I saw ice avalanches, weighing perhaps hundreds of tons, break off from a hanging glacier, nearly two miles above my head; the ice was ground to a fine powder and drifted away in the breeze long before it reached the foot of the precipice, nor did any sound reach my ears … Sitting alone gazing at the cirque forming the head of the K2 glacier was an experience I shall not forget; no mountain scene has impressed me more deeply.
MY FIRST DIRECT EXPERIENCE with K2 was in 1986 when I was invited by Lance Owens to participate in an American expedition to the north ridge from the Chinese side. Although the north ridge had been climbed first by the Japanese in 1982 and by an Italian expedition the next year, the route still impressed me as one of the most striking lines on the mountain.
In 1986 we employed a traditional expedition style by fixing ropes and establishing camps to 7800 meters. George Lowe, Alex Lowe and I reached our high camp on August 3. That night George developed high altitude pulmonary edema, probably from his extreme efforts breaking trail, fixing rope, and carrying loads for the team. George refused assistance and descended alone that night to give Alex and me a chance to reach the summit the following day. On August 4, Alex and I attempted to get to the summit but turned around at 8100 meters because of an approaching storm and slow progress in bad snow conditions. David Cheesmond, Catherine Freer and I made another summit attempt in mid-August after the other expedition members had left. We were turned around at 7500 meters when a new storm engulfed the mountain. Not until we returned to Kashgar did we learn of the tragic events that had occurred on K2 that season from the Pakistan side.
The following year, in 1987, I returned to K2 from the Pakistan side. Together, Greg Child, Phil Ershler and I made several alpine-style attempts to climb the south face. By using lightweight tactics we were able to move very quickly and could take advantage of small windows of good weather. In spite of the newly acquired speed and efficiency, we had no chance to climb K2 that year. We returned home after almost 50 days at or above Base Camp during which there had been not more than 18 hours of continuous good weather.
During the 1987 expedition we received word that David Cheesmond and Catherine Freer had disappeared while attempting the second ascent of the Hummingbird Ridge on Mount Logan. I had become very close friends with David and Catherine when we attempted K2 the previous year. Learning of the tragedy while I was on the same mountain we had tried so hard to climb helped me to accept the loss. With the repeated attempts to climb K2 in 1986 and 1987, the mountain had assumed a special significance for me which David and Catherine were now part of.
While we were flying back from the 1987 trip it wasn’t too difficult to convince Greg Child and Phil Ershler that a return to the north ridge of K2 should be considered. I pursued the permit shortly after we arrived home and by early summer 1988, the Chinese had agreed to grant us permission for the route in 1990. I was disappointed to learn that both George Lowe and Alex Lowe would not be able to join us because of job commitments. To complete the climbing team, Greg Child invited Greg Mortimer of Sydney, Australia. Although I had never met him, I knew him by reputation from his ascent of a new route on the north side of Everest in 1984 with a small team and without using oxygen. Three more Australians eventually joined the group including Margaret Werner, Peter Kuenstler, the expedition doctor, and Lyle Closs.
On the north side of K2, all the expedition loads are carried to Base Camp on camels. Because the camels are not able to walk on the ice, they can only carry loads to the snout of the North K2 Glacier. The snout of the glacier is about 12 miles from where Base Camp would be if porters could be used. As we were to learn later, if the water levels are too high in the river coming from the North K2 Glacier, then the camel drivers will not go past Sughet Jangal, which is nearly 16 miles from K2. To help us carry the loads from wherever the camels stopped to the base of the mountain, we employed four Pakistanis. Two of the Pakistani members, Ghulam Rasool and Fida Hussein, had cooked for us on K2 in 1987 and had worked for Greg Child on his Nameless Tower Expedition in 1989. In addition to Rasool and Fida, Nazir Sabir arranged for us to employ two Hunza men, Anwar and Sarwar Khan.
The Australian contingent was already ahead of us by several days when we arrived in Beijing just after midnight on June 12. Because we were concerned about rising water levels in the Shaksgam River on the approach to K2, we tried to keep moving across China as quickly as possible. We were able to leave for Urumchi that night. At Urumchi, we met our liaison officer, Zhou Xing Lu.
The next day we flew to Kashgar where we met up with the expedition members from Australia and our interpreter, Ma Xun Kui. With most of our local food and equipment already purchased by the Australians, we drove to Yecheng and then to the roadhead at Mazar Dala where we arrived on June 18. At the roadhead we helped the six camel drivers divide our supplies into loads for the 30 camels we had previously ordered. Since the loads averaged a little more than the allowable 80 kilograms, we agreed to pay extra wages by allowing the drivers to document the use of two more camels than we actually had. The drivers could then collect additional funds from the local mountaineering association for carrying the extra weight.
The first three days of the walk to Base Camp were uneventful, with the exception of having to remove an abscessed molar from Sarwar’s mouth. The final three days of the approach took us down the Shaksgam River, which meanders through a half-mile-wide gravel flood plain in a valley flanked by steep rock walls. A crossing of the river is required each time a channel crosses the valley width and runs against a cliff at each side. Several crossings each day are necessary because the channels snake from one side of the valley to the other at frequent intervals. In early spring before the summer snowmelt begins, water levels in the river are very low. But warmer temperatures in the late spring and early summer cause increasingly larger volumes of snowmelt so that by July the river is in flood stage and becomes impossible to cross. Since our approach was in late June, I was quite nervous about what we would find when we reached the Shaksgam. The Chinese had already warned us that the weather had been quite hot and the rivers could be high. We soon discovered their predictions were well founded.
On June 22 we crossed the Aghil Pass and descended to the Shaksgam. The river was deeper than in 1986. Greg Child and I slid down a gully through a wall of morainal debris that lined the canyon and walked up to the waters’ edge. I threw large stones into the rapid current and listened in vain for the quick thud that would indicate a shallow bottom. I waited in quiet despair as the remainder of the expedition arrived. I seriously believed that the expedition might be turned around before ever even seeing the mountain.
Mr. Zhou was not quite so discouraged, and he led us downstream to where the river broke up into a number of channels. Leading the first camel train, Mr. Zhou found a way across. The rest of us followed. The water was swift and above our waists in places. To stay upright we linked arms in groups of three or four and crossed each channel diagonally so the current could help move us along. The four Pakistanis were quite accustomed to these difficult crossings, and they were invaluable both in choosing places to cross and in teaching us the techniques required to get across safely.
For the next two days we lived in constant anxiety that we would come to some channel that we could not cross and the camel drivers would refuse to continue. On June 24, we rode on the camels across the Shaksgam for the last time. We took a shortcut over the end of a ridge that gave us our first view of K2 and of the normal Base Camp at Sughet Jangal. We felt confident we had overcome the most significant obstacles on our approach until we arrived at the river that emerges from the North K2 Glacier. This crossing was a mere boulder hop in 1986, but this year we were dismayed to find that it would be our worst crossing yet. The river was not wide, but it was steeper and the current was swifter than anything we experienced on the Shaksgam. We could hear the muffled sound of large underwater boulders crashing their way downstream. It would be impossible to wade this channel, so each of us was assigned a precarious perch atop a load strapped to the back of a camel. All I could do was to grip the ropes holding the load as the camel lurched through water up to its belly. I felt helpless. Our lives were completely dependent upon the skill and strength of the animal beneath us and the drivers’ ability to lead them.
One of the younger drivers, Rasool, Greg Child and I rode on the first camel train to go across. We watched in horror when halfway into the channel the camel behind me with Rasool aboard lost its footing and was swept away. Both Greg’s and my camel’s lead ropes became severed from the rest of the train. We had to drive the animals to the other side by reaching back and hitting them on the rear. I reached the opposite shore just behind the camel driver. The driver and I ran downstream to help Rasool who was fortunate to have stopped on some rocks near the bank. Rasool was standing in the current holding the camel’s head out of the water so it wouldn’t drown. The driver and Rasool cut the ropes holding the load onto the camel and I threw the luggage onto the bank. After being relieved of its load, the camel was able to get up and walk to shore.
After witnessing this near disaster, the remaining camel drivers refused to come across. Since peak flows in the river come late in the afternoon, the drivers decided to try again early the next morning when water levels might be lower. We set up a rope crossing farther downstream for the team members, and several more made it across before the river level rose. For those of us that made it across that day Anwar was able to articulate our feelings in a few simple words, “Today Rasool’s luck number.”
The next morning the remaining camels made the dangerous crossing through the still swollen river without incident. Having arrived safely at Sughet Jangal was not the end of our problems with camel loads. The expedition logistics depended upon the camels carrying loads to our Base Camp at the snout of the North K2 Glacier. The normal route to our Base Camp from Sughet Jangal is to walk up the river we had just crossed. Because of the deep water, the camel drivers refused to take their animals that way. Based on my previous experience with the area in 1986, I thought there might be a way for the camels to carry loads up the hill behind Sughet Jangal and then down the other side to the glacier. Late that day, Greg Mortimer and I were able to make an incomplete reconnaissance up the hill. This trip led us to believe the route could get us close if not all the way to the glacier.
We managed to convince the camel drivers to wait an extra day at Sughet Jangal before carrying loads over the hill towards our Base Camp near the glacier. With a sense of urgency Lyle Closs and I left that morning with pick and shovel to build a trail while we finished exploring the route. We didn’t have the time to finish our reconnaissance prior to building the trail. The camel drivers were anxious to leave before the rising floodwaters blocked their exit. They would carry for us the next day or not at all.
We were lucky to find a route safe enough for the camels that could get us within a mile of our Base Camp. We arrived back at Sughet Jangal late that night where the rest of the team had sorted and repacked the loads to be carried to Base Camp. Most of the team left early the next morning to finish building the last section of trail before the camels arrived. By the end of the day all the camel loads arrived at the designated dump and we carried enough gear down a steep lateral moraine to establish Base Camp on June 26 at the snout of the North K2 Glacier.
By June 29, we had moved all our gear from the camel dump to Base Camp and we began to carry loads up the glacier towards Advanced Base Camp (ABC) at 4900 meters. By July 3, we had carried up enough supplies to occupy ABC. Over the next several weeks the four Pakistanis finished the remaining load carrying on the glacier. Near our ABC at the head of the glacier we met a Japanese expedition attempting a new route on the north face to the right of our route on the north ridge. They had arrived 44 days before at Sughet Jangal and had already established two glacier camps plus their Camp II at 6700 meters.
Late that first night we were awakened by a large avalanche that fell from the north face. The next morning we learned that the Japanese Advanced Base Camp had been destroyed by the slide. Fortunately no one was killed, but two Sherpas were seriously injured. Peter assisted the Japanese doctor in treating the injured, and he helped evacuate the most severely injured man to Sughet Jangal. On the north side of K2 an injured climber cannot be evacuated after the river floods. Fortunately, the injured men were able to recover during their long convalescence without the need for elaborate medical treatment. An expedition to this area must be completely self sufficient because rescues, evacuations, and medical assistance from the Chinese are not available.
Our plan was to fix rope up to our Camp II at 6700 meters. From there we would climb without fixed ropes or camps. Rope was fixed to Camp I at 5800 meters by July 5 and the camp was occupied on July 8. Stormy weather kept us at ABC and prevented us from making quick progress towards Camp II. But on July 24 we finished fixing rope and occupied Camp II. After completing acclimatization we would be ready to begin our summit attempts.
Our acclimatization plan included two trips high on the mountain. On our first trip we spent July 25, 26, and 27 at Camp II, and we explored the route to 7200 meters. On the second trip we spent one more night at Camp II and explored the route to the site of our bivouac Camp III at 7600 meters. We completed the second trip and our acclimatization program by August 3. During our explorations above Camp II we discovered that much of the rope that was fixed in 1986 was still usable by tying knots around frayed sections and splicing in a few bits of new rope where necessary. Although we had not planned to fix rope above Camp II, we did use the existing rope between Camps II and III.
After another period of stormy weather, both Gregs, Phil and I began our first summit attempt on August 9. Now that we were acclimatized, we would go directly from ABC to Camp II the first day. This plan would allow us to summit on the fourth day. As we would discover later, this could make the difference between success and failure since we rarely experienced good weather exceeding four days. On August 10, the weather was unsettled, so we spent another night at Camp II. We passed the day on August 11 wading in deep snow to Camp III. I slept poorly that night because of a sore throat and bad coughing. Greg Mortimer had been very strong, breaking most of the trail to Camp III, but he felt sick the next morning. He accompanied us toward Camp IV, but during the day he moved quite slowly and fell behind.
Two Japanese climbers had reached the summit on August 9. With our permission they had crossed onto our route on the north ridge at about 7700 meters and had fixed rope to approximately 8100 meters. On our attempt, we used the Japanese rope that was left in place. By six P.M. Beijing time, Greg Child and I reached 7800 meters. We planned to climb another 200 meters that day to our Camp IV bivouac, but high winds and an approaching storm forced us to retreat. We spent another night at Camp III before descending the next day on August 13 to ABC.
After only two stormy days the weather dawned clear. Although this didn’t give us much rest from our previous summit bid, we knew we must take advantage of our opportunities as they came. The four of us waited for one day of sunny weather so that the new snow on the slopes to Camp II would slide off or consolidate. On August 17, we once again made the trip to Camp II, this time with Anwar and Sarwar helping to break trail. Because of a misallocation of personnel, Anwar and Sarwar had not yet been above ABC at 4900 meters and were not acclimatized. In spite of this they were eager to help us as best as they could. Anwar had to turn around at 6400 meters because of a headache. Sarwar continued almost to Camp II before I sent him back down to accompany Anwar to ABC. Before heading down he apologized for not being able to go above Camp II because he had to go down to help Anwar. He clasped both my hands and said, “But, sir, I want to go higher. I’m very sorry, sir. Insh’Allah you will reach the summit. It will be a very happy day if you make the summit.” I was sad to see him disappear down the ropes. He deserved more, given the work he had done to help us.
On August 18, we climbed to Camp III with relatively good snow conditions. On the radio, Rasool gave us a favorable weather forecast from Radio Skardu and an enthusiastic cheer concerning our progress. We donned our down suits the next day as we headed for Camp IV. The ridge had been almost completely blasted free of snow by the wind and we had to be very careful not to knock loose rocks on each other. At 7800 meters we crossed the ridge where previous expeditions had placed their high camp. We continued with a traverse left onto the glacier through deep snow. By late that evening we arrived at 8000 meters where the Japanese had left a tent when they went to the summit eleven days earlier. Rather than dig a new platform, we all piled into the old tent after digging it out. The tent was too small for the four of us. Snow was blowing in the tunnel door, but closing it cut off our already meager air supply. Dry cracked throats, coughing, hacking, panting for air and wet cramped conditions all prevented us from getting adequate sleep for the task that lay ahead tomorrow.
On August 20 we began our preparations several hours before dawn. At eleven A.M. Beijing time, all four of us left the tent and traversed straight left across the top of the glacier to where we crossed the bergschrund into the summit couloir. This traverse, as well as the bergschrund crossing, was still fixed with Japanese rope. A few hundred feet above the bergschrund the fixed rope ended and we proceeded unroped up the 45° to 50° neve. We climbed to where there was a branch in the snow couloir that angled left to the summit ridge. We followed the left fork and arrived on the summit ridge at the edge of the north face at around six P.M. Beijing time. High cirrus clouds had been building all day and from our new vantage point we could see the oncoming storm. I noticed that Phil was not behind us and the two Gregs said that he had turned around. I learned later that Phil had decided to descend at 8400 meters because he felt the personal risks were too great and the hour was too late to reach the summit and descend before dark.
We reached the top of the north face by seven P.M. and were disappointed to see that we still needed to gain several hundred more feet before we reached the top. Greg Child expressed some doubts about reaching the summit and getting back down before dark. I cached my second ice tool and fanny pack there and told him I would give myself another hour before turning around. I pushed myself to move as quickly as possible along the final part of the summit ridge so that I would reach the top within my allotted period. At 7:56 I walked from the last false summit to where I could see no higher ground.
Standing on the summit of K2 was not the euphoric experience that I had dreamed it would be. I felt a dull sense of accomplishment that was mostly overshadowed by the relief of not having to go any further.
Hypoxia took the edge off everything as if a translucent screen had been pulled over my senses. The storm moving in from the southwest had already obscured the summits of all the big mountains in Pakistan. I felt pressed for time since there were only two-and-a-half hours of daylight remaining and a long steep descent to our high camp was still ahead of me. I spent only a few minutes there alone before beginning the descent. After three K2 expeditions which consumed almost a year of my life, having climbed K2 didn’t seem very important to me. All I could think about was getting down.
The descent was easy at first. I met Greg Child only a few minutes from the top. My first impulse was to go back up with him to verify that I had really been to the summit. I was afraid he would tell me later the true summit was just beyond where I had been. In the interest of self-preservation I resisted this urge and when I asked him what he was going to do he mumbled he would go to the top and wait there for Greg Mortimer. He suggested they might have to bivuoac on the way down. Later I passed Greg Mortimer who was about one half hour from the summit.
I collected my ice tool and fanny pack where I had left them on the way up. As I reached into my fanny pack to get my headlamp for the descent, I noticed I had forgotten to remove two small palm crosses I had intended to take to the summit. Lance Owens, the leader of our 1986 trip, had given these to me before I had left the United States with a request that I leave them at a suitable spot on the mountain in memory of David and Catherine. I released the two small objectsfrom my bag and watched them blow away into Pakistan. I paused a few moments thinking I had shared something great with them today, and then resumed my rush downward.
From the ridge crest I traversed over to where I could begin to back down the main summit couloir. Backing down the first three-quarters of the face went quickly, but the last several hundred feet demanded the utmost concentration given the steep terrain and my state of hypoxia and exhaustion. I arrived back at our high camp an hour after dark. Phil was already there melting snow. I expressed my concern about the two Gregs and wondered if they could survive a bivouac if this storm broke tonight. After a warm drink I dozed off.
About an hour after I arrived at camp the two Gregs appeared out of the dark. They had somehow found their way back using Greg Child’s headlamp. Our second night at Camp IV was no better than the first, given our cramped conditions. During the night the storm had broken and by morning there was almost a foot of new snow. After melting enough snow to allow each of us a small drink we ran out of fuel.
The descent to Camp II that day was almost as difficult as the summit day given the bad conditions and lack of water. At Camp II there was plenty of food and fuel and we sufficiently rehydrated ourselves to continue the descent on August 22.
We dropped out of the storm clouds just above Camp I, and for the first time since leaving the summit I could see the glacier below. Greg Mortimer and I arrived at the abandoned Camp I site and waited for the others. As we left the camp, I spotted a line of figures advancing up the glacier below. For the past several days I had been completely preoccupied with our ascent and safe descent of K2. The figures on the glacier below brought me back to the living world I had lost touch with. I suddenly realized the significance of what we had accomplished. I paused for a minute while the stress of the previous days’ events evaporated and my anxiety was replaced by an overwhelming surge of emotion. It was a very happy moment for me. I stood holding onto the fixed rope and wept.
Throughout the ensuing days of load carrying down the glacier and the walk out, I entertained doubts about having been at the actual summit. Had I missed some slightly higher point further along the ridge? For some reason my doubts were not dispelled by the two Gregs who verified my description of the summit area.
K2 cannot be seen from the Aghil Pass since the view to the southwest is blocked by intervening ridges. From high on K2 I noticed that it might be possible to obtain a view of the mountain from near the pass by climbing partway up several peaks to the east. Arriving at the Aghil Pass on the way out, I felt a need to climb up the slopes east of the pass and search the horizon for a final view of K2. After climbing several hundred feet, I became increasingly excited as the north sides of first the Gasherbrum group and then K2 gradually came into view. As I gained elevation, more and more of K2 became visible and I continued up as far as I could go before the climbing became technical. From my vantage point I could see the north sides of all the major peaks in the Karakoram. Through my telephoto lens I could see all the features of the ridge on K2 where we had walked to the summit. My perspective from a distance confirmed what I was unable to believe from having been there. We had climbed K2.
Ascent: K2, 8611 meters, 28,250 feet, via the north ridge; summit reached on August 20, 1990 (Greg Child, Greg Mortimer, Steve Swenson). Phil Ershler reached 8500 meters.
136 SCOOP Commercial Building & Design PEARL RIVER TOWER, CHINA Kym MacCormac, MacCormac Architects We have seen building designs shaped to suit the surrounding natural landscape, and building designs based on sustainability. The remarkable elements of the Pearl River Tower by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill (SOM) combine both. Incorporating the latest green technology and engineering advancements, the 213,700sqm Pearl River Tower is one of the world’s most energy- efficient skyscrapers. It was developed through an understanding of solar and wind patterns around the site, taking serious advantage of a commodity we have by the truckload in WA – wind. The sculpted body of the south facing 309m-tall tower has been shaped to capitalise on the elements by facing the wind and directing it to a pair of openings at its mechanical floors. Travelling winds then push turbines that generate energy for the building. Photovoltaic panels also ensure heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems remain powered, while rotating, motorised louvres on the facade provide fresh-air ventilation and keep the building cool. Solar panels, a double-skin curtain wall, a chilled ceiling system, under-floor ventilation, and daylight harvesting are a number of additional sustainable elements that warrant the recognition this building deserves for sustainability. Perth is well known as a centre for yachting for very good reason – wind is a natural resource and is available in large amounts for most of the year. With our winter storms and the Fremantle Doctor in the summer afternoons, Perth is in a prime position to benefit from sustainable building elements similar to Pearl River Tower. The city grid is inclined by about 15 degrees off north toward the east, so it would only require a slight deviation from the side boundaries for the southern face of any building to face a sculptured opening into the direction of the dominant wind. This configuration makes a lot of sense if the acoustic concerns can be addressed, which has to be easier to achieve where the turbines are in an enclosed space rather than configured as exposed windmills. PhotographyGuoZhongHua/Shutterstock.com
There are unbelievable fields of lifted graphic on the Singapore servers. And knowing that none is original, the endless variety loses its calculus: there is plainly an end to stolen goods. Enzo has considered this and other thefts, and weighed their payoff per down payment. The larger, gun-toting contrivances are a contradiction to Enzo. It seems to Enzo that a robbery that really hauled big would be easier on his mica-like soul than would, say, a connive, or a fraud.
This is how romance grows between Enzo’s toes: an XTC song, teasing with history but denying the real background. Oh, another smell of past crash pads. Enzo uses Google to fetch information about old girlfriends from data bases that don’t exist, or were closed to memory by a freak death. Homer is there in Google, but not Enzo, or his old friends. And standing on another summer corner with twenty-five others in the misting diesel fuel, Enzo knows that you really cannot be alone in a crowd.
Enzo looks at all of them and recognizes none. No help that they are all strangers, he is not interested in their existential status. They are in the full regalia of hot weather displays today, and Enzo loosens his tie. This is risky – Enzo has also rolled up the sleeves of his yellow shirt. He is not wearing the jacket for this green summer suit, and he would feel half dressed at an opening if one came up suddenly.
He is thinking about how there are some people from his personal mythology that may be real. That he may contact them if he could find them. That he may be amplified, in a Frippertronic way, if he could find those living ripples in the urbi et orbi. And then a man passes, much shorter than Enzo, in a light green summer suit, with the jacket on, in a yellow dress shirt, in ox blood wing tips; this man passes walking faster than Enzo would in this humidity. A dream image, a double, a thief of Enzo.
It is as though he had been grabbed, as though Giant Smelly Man had sat next to him on the R train. Worse than this, worse than dropping fifteen bucks, worse than losing the whole wallet. Enzo is slammed back into his body, into the pinched toes and blood pressure which he swears he can feel. In all the shameful plotting to get more stuff, he had never thought he could rob his own soul. As a rule, Enzo puts himself first among the base, a weird megalomania without the satisfaction of supremacy, and now there is evidence of power.
And this is how the briar grows among the rose bushes; how Enzo has practiced bonsai in his dream life. Alone, he doesn’t know if he is awake or asleep, and walks sometimes somnolently through his work days, and that habit has paid off as a dream image of Enzo walking past. Suspiciously, he looks back to see if there are shiny chips falling away as his soul disintegrates. Enzo is a little freer today, hemmed in on all sides by over-heated New Yorkers, twisted permanently into the romance he imagines from his youth, hauled away by a ghost. Enzo feels his feet and legs walking in the blue sky.
Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.
Western District of Washington: Trials at this level are usually by jury so there is not a judge's opinion to find.
There’s nothing worse than when your little one has cradle cap. You try your hardest not to pick at it but the struggle is real! Sienna is getting to the stage where she is getting the odd bit of cradle cap that just won’t budge. What shampoo do you use? Moisturiser doesn’t have any effect […]
There’s nothing worse than teething tots and knowing you can’t help them is the worst part about it. They screech, bite, dribble and feel under the weather, so it’s important as parents, we try and find something that helps ease the pain. At the moment, Sienna is teething, and it hasn’t been easy! Especially when […]
When my 16-year-old son came home from school excited to tell me about an opportunity to attend a programme in the summer holidays which involved a stay away from home I was shocked! This is my teenage son who is chained to his computer in his bedroom never five minutes away from a wi-fi signal […]
The official Snuggle Seat for babies was kind enough to send me out a seat for my gorgeous Sienna, and it’s a godsend! You know the struggle when they’re four months old, and they can’t correctly hold their head up or be left unattended. They don’t understand that cleaning, cooking and washing need to be […]
Filed Under: Baby-Toddlers, kids, Lifestyle Parenting, Reviews Tagged With: babies, baby, baby equipment, Kids, snuggle seat
Bursting with over 84 pages of the top baby products and brands, the new baby catalogue features everything you need for baby, from car seats, strollers, entertainers and high chairs to bathing and bedtime essentials, as well as all your favourite playtime toys and gifts. SMYTHS New Baby Catalogue Having a four-month-old daughter myself I have […]
On Monday 19th of February, I had the exciting opportunity of visiting the Jakemans factory in Boston, Lincolnshire. When you have these little delights, you don’t realise all of the hard work and dedication that staff put into the product that you’re buying and I had a wonderful experience and learnt a lot! The […]
Jet2holidays have today announced the 45 shortlisted schools who could win a place for an entire class of pupils on there Ultimate School Trip to Sol Katmandu Park & Resort in Majorca this April, after pupils created some truly outstanding and inspiring competition entries. Jet2holidays Ultimate School Trip Competition – Vote for your favourite School […]
Filed Under: Current Competitions, kids, Travel Tagged With: competition, education, Jet2holidays, school, Ultimateschooltrip, Win
Jakemans Menthol Myth Buster We’ve hit January which means that it’s cold, we’re running low on chocolate and we’re snotty. Sneezing, coughing and spluttering everywhere you turn and losing your voice when you have that really important meeting. Oh, the joys! You’ve heard the myths when it comes to colds and sore throats, for example, […]
The days of plaiting your pink pony’s hair have returned, as a child, my collection of My Little Ponies were ever-growing and I’m delighted they’ve made a comeback. This toy will be at the top of the list for your little one’s present list. Let me introduce to you the My Little Pony, My Magical […]
Filed Under: Gifts and Gadgets, kids, Lifestyle Parenting, Reviews Tagged With: gifts, girls, Kids, My little pony, toys
Jet2holidays have created an incredible nationwide school trip competition, the Ultimate school trip. The trip launched as research shows that schoolchildren want 10 holidays a year and ALL of their school friends with them. Win The Ultimate School Trip with Jet2holidays! The lucky winners will get to travel to Sol Katmandu Park and Resort in Majorca. […]
Filed Under: Current Competitions, kids, Leeds, Lifestyle Parenting Tagged With: competition, education, holidays, Jet2, prize, schools, spain, Travel, Win
Neal’s fedora. Peter’s FBI wallet. The Mosconi Codex. The Hope Diamond. The items are part of White Collar’s amazing history, keys to each case and mystery that Peter, Neal, and Mozzie solved in the last six years. These items (or their prop replicas) and hundreds of others are now available in an online auction.
Six auction days remain, over the next three weekends: Nov. 29-30, Dec. 6-7, and Dec. 13-14. The auction is being held by J. Sugarman with online bidding through Proxibid.
Over 2,000 items are being auctioned off, including White Collar scripts and most of the White Collar wardrobe (like Matt Bomer’s suits and Hilarie Burton’s dresses). Some notable props include Neal’s tracking anklet, case files, and even Kate’s wine bottle, first seen in the pilot. While originally signaling the end of Kate and Neal’s relationship, it turned out to be a key in finding Kate’s true whereabouts.
May 10, 2018 at 7:30pm to May 19, 2018 at 9pm – The North Warehouse	BodyVox pairs contemporary female music artists like Fiona Apple, Yoko Ono, Alicia Keys, and Bjork with dance, athleticism, and story to create a visually stunning production: Rain & Roses. Takin… Organized by BodyVox | Type: dance, performance, live, music
May 19, 2018 from 6pm to 7pm – Jubilee Collective	This is networking like no other!!!! This is a movement that is going global. We are equipping women with tools to take their powerhouse messages to purpose-driven movements.We are on a mission to AM… Organized by Jessica Hansen | Type: women's, leadership, and, empowerment, networking
Don't miss Portland Audubon's Winter Break camp! Whether campers are snowshoeing on Mt. Hood and staying overnight at our new Marmot Cabin, learning the art of candle-making, visiting a wolf sanctuary, or making nature inspired art, our educators are dedicated to helping every camper build an authentic and meaningful relationship with the natural world, all while playing games, making friends and exploring!See More
The award-winning Oregon Sinfonietta, now in its 46th season and conducted by Dr. Donald L. Appert, is a full symphony orchestra of 75+ members that draws together community musicians from the greater Portland metro area. The Sinfonietta performs four free concerts per season. On Sunday, November 4, 2018 at 3:00 pm, the orchestra presents Gustav Mahler’s Symphony No 4. in G Major. Joining the orchestra for this…See More
Come stock up on delicious wine for the holidays! Here's how it works:• 12 handpicked wines all selling for $12 a bottle• $12 to taste all 12 wines• 12% off EVERY BOTTLE on our shelves• BONUS GIFT: Two tickets to a Food & Wine Pairing Class when you buy 12+ bottlesJoin us:Friday Sept 28--12 to 10 pmSaturday Sept 29--12 to 10 pmSunday Sept 30--12-6 pmSee More
Artistic Portland introduces “Art After Dark” at First Thursday Gallery Art Walk in October 2018 at Artistic Portland
Artistic Portland, a downtown co-operative gallery of 40 local artists, will open its doors for “Art After Dark,” from 6:30 to 9:00 pm, on October 4, 2018. The evening of music, wine, food and art will give the public a chance to meet many of the artists behind the creative work at the gallery. Husband and wife duo The Sweet Peas will play from 7:00 to 9:00 pm, and everyone is welcome to the free event. This summer Artistic Portland celebrated its five-year anniversary at 318 SW Taylor Street,…See More
Homemade refreshments, holiday beverages, prizes and stress free shopping all in one location!Our designs are handcrafted with a vibrant assortment of semi-precious stones accented with Austrian Swarovski crystals, pearls and sterling silver. We design with unique gemstones to create wonderful women’s jewelry that can be worn for a special occasion or every day.Beads On a Mission are two of our jewelry lines that include bracelets in which 10% of the proceeds go to five cancer foundations and…See More
Artistic Portland Celebrates the Gorgeous Gorge at First Thursday Art Walk on September 6, 2018 at Artistic Portland
The Art Co-operative will honor the gorgeous Columbia Gorge at the First Thursday Art Walk between 4-6 p.m. on September 6, 2018. The 50-foot frontage windows will artfully play on the mighty Columbia River that helped formed the region. Many of the 40 member artists will be present to talk about their latest works and will again encourage visitors to express their own creativity for free by painting a ceramic bisque-fired bowl. The very popular Community Bowl Project is sponsored by…See More
Interior, Office Du Tourisme Aix Les Bains was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Office Du Tourisme Aix Les Bains has viewed by 41339 visitor.
Interior, Miroir Rond Barbier was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Miroir Rond Barbier has viewed by 20859 visitor.
Interior, Le Bon Coin 23 Jardinage was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Le Bon Coin 23 Jardinage has viewed by 66689 visitor.
Interior, Idee Deco 18 Ans was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Idee Deco 18 Ans has viewed by 59350 visitor.
Interior, Food Bar Food Harrisonburg Virginia was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Food Bar Food Harrisonburg Virginia has viewed by 62005 visitor.
Interior, Apple Mini Projector was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Apple Mini Projector has viewed by 96308 visitor.
Interior, Vtu 6th Sem Time Table was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Vtu 6th Sem Time Table has viewed by 15767 visitor.
Interior, Recherche Appartement A Louer A Yverdon was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Recherche Appartement A Louer A Yverdon has viewed by 92874 visitor.
Interior, Evier Pour Meuble 50 Cm was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Evier Pour Meuble 50 Cm has viewed by 53001 visitor.
Interior, Jardin Naturel was posted June on this site by Puloie.com. More over Jardin Naturel has viewed by 6167 visitor.
Late last week, I gave you a survey of the actions being taken at the largest audit firms to address what they see as a downturn in their business and a “necessary” cutback in staffing and expenses needed to realign their workforce with current economic conditions.
Readers of this blog know that I have pushed back hard when journalists and commenters swallow whole the whale of a bull-oney sandwich the firms feed them about their “deteriorating financial condition”.
…The point of the firms is to make the partners money. Making less than previous years would be considered “losing money”.
If we lose clients or clients cut budgets, then there is an excess of supply. Partners are going to make a lot less money this year and some employees are losing their jobs to make up the difference.
I still fail to see why Big4 should retain more staff than they have project time to book. So far the people I have seen let go were the bottom performers at their level. That’s what happens in a down economy.
It’s a partnership, guy. Who in the world died and told you that constant growth was a given? Making less money than prior year in a partnership or anywhere else is not “losing money”. The problem is the skewed way you look at “profitability” compared to the rest of the world and your clients. And you’re the ones we’re counting on to be the watchdogs, the guardians of the public shareholders?
The “point of the public accounting firm is to make the partners money” ? You’ve lost it. The purpose of the audit practice in a public accounting firm is to serve the public trust. That’s why you get to make any money at all. If you stop doing that, you don’t deserve squat.
What can the audit firms do to improve scrutiny of public companies – the ones governments have invested so much taxpayer money in – now when we need it the most? Can it be done:
Without endangering quality and integrity in the work they’ve been enfranchised to do under the exclusive licensing of various federal governments and public/private bodies such as exchanges?
Without completely abdicating responsibility to their true client – the shareholders and investors in the public companies they audit?
I think so. Starting at the top, at a strategic level, I recommend significant changes in two main areas:
Reform the business development process with an emphasis on meeting client needs, where they need it, how they need it, and with the kinds of resources required to do the work in a quality and risk-managed way.
I am amazed at the number of times I have to explain the following basic premise to those both inside and outside the audit firms:
…By certifying the public reports that collectively depict a corporation’s financial status, the independent auditor assumes a public responsibility transcending any employment relationship with the client. The independent public accountant performing this special function owes ultimate allegiance to the corporation’s creditors and stockholders, as well as to the investing public. This “public watchdog” function demands that the accountant maintain total independence from the client at all times, and requires complete fidelity to the public trust…United States v. Arthur Young & Co., 465 U.S. 805 (1984) U.S. Supreme Court
It’s so easy to get confused. Much has been written about the inherent conflict auditors have because they are engaged and paid by those they are supposed to be auditing. And it’s a very old and tired story, one that makes the rounds each time a scandal or “crisis” occurs.
A similar conflict has been laid bare now in the case of the ratings agencies, as a result of the “financial crisis.” From the New York Times:
In recent months, Moody’s Investors Service and its rivals, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, have been prominent in virtually every account of the What Went Wrong horror story that is the financial crisis.
The agencies put their seals of approval on countless subprime mortgage-related securities now commonly described as toxic. The problem, critics contend, is that the agencies were paid by the corporations whose debt they were rating, earning billions in fees and giving the agencies a financial incentive to slap high marks on securities that did not deserve them.
When I was in college, we were taught that our profession, the accounting profession, was more like a vocation, calling only those who could do the right thing under pressure, stand up for the shareholder, and take the heat and sometimes severe consequences for speaking up against management. This is how “professionals” managed the auditor-client relationship conflict.
Mr Quigley said that as the profession moved away from rules “someone’s going to need to exercise judgment to apply those principles”.
“If you want to then make that transition, you have to put in place a framework for actions that a preparer [company] or auditor can take – a layer of guidance that would sit on top of a set of principles-based standards.
Last week, the SEC’s committee – on which Mr Quigley sits – discussed the idea of a “professional judgement framework” that would provide companies and auditors with “comfort that the chances of being second-guessed have been sufficiently mitigated”.
We need to reaffirm the message of the true auditor-client relationship. Let’s start in the universities, then the entry-level training in the firms, all the way to the way the practices, offices, and countries are run. Unfortunately, since the Big 4 are profit-making partnerships with an unlimited government sanctioned franchise to make tons of money with impunity it’s a tad difficult to keep those who rise to the top of the firms from becoming masters of self-serving self-preservation. Do you realize that in the largest four audit firms, the top producing partners have sold out shareholders, employees, and their souls for less than the top bonus paid at infamous AIG?
But they might, with some tough talk, realize their audit firms could be taken over by the government too, if they don’t start paying attention to the true client. Perhaps they’ll listen if I focus on the cost to the bottom line of a declining overall market and increasing litigation? Shareholders and company managements with integrity are sick of poor service.
Putting fewer professionals who are less qualified, less supervised, and less willing or able to speak up on audits and other engagements is killing the Big 4’s bottom line. Crying poor and having to cut thousands of professionals does not really speak well of the audit firms’ ability to keep settling or potentially paying out judgements of multimillion and billion dollar lawsuits. But if we can’t see their financial statements, who’s to really know for sure how “poor” they are?
Going along with corrupt, self-serving corporate management is hurting them in the public eye and with their own professionals and future recruits.
Failing to advocate for the interests of the true client, the shareholder, is now threatening the oligopoly.
-Reform the business development process with an emphasis on meeting client needs, where they’re needed, how they’re needed, and with the kinds of resources required to do work in a quality and risk-managed way.
The irony here is that SOX and all the post-enron regs have actually had the OPPOSITE effect-some years ago these firms were actually in the business of -looking out for the shareholders of public companyS
Post Enron and after SOX however BIG 4 became like the ratings crooks-BILL,BILL,BILL the client ,make THEM certify the F/S so we can cover our asses and lets get rich…nobody cared for the shareholders-it has become compliance for the sake of compliance.
a solution here(also for the ratings agencies) would be to BREAK-UP THE AUDIT DIVISIONS of the big 4 globally and then create say 20-25 middle sized,solid highly regulated global audit firms with no caps on their liabilities-the current auditor concentration model is not working,so long as Big 4 firms remain “psuedo-monopolies”,they will not act in the public company shareholders interest.
One of DT partners told me today that the firm needs to do more layoff because “the current headcount is still higher than the forecast”, even though “they have noticed that the economy is turning around”. This is just insane… I cannot believe I have worked for these greedy bastards for that many years…
Francine, you are so right, we cannot trust these greedy bastards to protect the shareholders and investors… They only care about their forecast…
“This “public watchdog” function demands that the accountant maintain total independence from the client at all times, and requires complete fidelity to the public trust …”
The words total and complete are a far cry from what exists when the one being audited is paying the auditor’s fees. This is not very much different from what you describe in re the ratings agencies.
If the Big4 was broken up into 20-25 middle sized audit firms, what would stop half of them being WAY more corrupt than the Big 4 ever were or will be? And then we would be down to 10 or so, more corruption and fraud and we are down to 8… This is starting to sound familiar…
@BREAK UP BIG 4 AUDIT, I am 100% with your idea breaking up the big 4. They are just way too big, and as CPA firms they should never be allowed, at any circumstances, to perform any non-attestation work.
However, I think the root problem here is still independence. No matter how many smaller firms you want to create, as long as the audit fee is paid by the management, there will be no independence. As a senior manager at Deloitte, I witnessed so many times throughout my career, if the clients are big enough and pay a big audit fee, they could get pretty much anything they wanted. My own experience: I got rolled off from a big engagement just because I found a few deficiencies. The client complained directly to the senior partners that they disagreed with the findings. The next thing I knew, I was out. Of course, the partners did not tell me the true reason; they actually told me that I did a good job at that time. But I know why, it was about “client services”. As far as the findings, they all disappeared.. Yes, I could report this to the ethic hotline. But it could also mean that my career at DT was going to be over given the power of the senior partners at that job.
I think Francine is so right above, if the big 4s don’t change the mindset that making more and more money for the partnership is the only purpose of doing audits; then they should never to be trusted as the guardians of the public shareholders.
[…] the way Francine McKenna keeps focused on the Big Four and their deficiencies but I disagree with her first central thesis that avoiding RIF could come by: Refocus on the true client – the shareholders and investors of […]
Heh, sorry to hear that #7 – I’m glad to report we KEEP people on jobs when they find errors. We would find it reprehensible to take them off once they made big findings. Not everyone rolls the same way.
Are we forgetting that the Big 4 are businesses? They are in business to attest to financial statements, nothing more. They have no higher purpose bestowed upon them. If the owners of these businesses (the partners) feel that their profits are declining, and that they can let people go and still function, then why would they not do this?
The accounting profession is a vocation? Certainly not. Should we esteem people who attest to the financial condition of public corporations? Not unless our society has degenerated so much that we find it impressive when people work with honesty and integrity.
Capitalism is efficient because of incentive. If the Big 4 have no incentive to work harder for clients, then apparently they need more competitors. Break up the big 4 if you want but don’t berate them for acting in their own self interests. Self interests. Isn’t this another principle of capitalism?
partners have zero obligation to their employees after they pay them their salaries/benefits. they are not there to be your friend, counselor, or make sure you can continue to feed your kids and pay your mortgage when clients dry up. thats your problem. maybe you should have saved some money along the way, or understood the risks of entering a billable-hour profession before you signed up.
as for partner profits: again, ITS THEIR FIRM. they can decide to take out whatever they fancy for themselves. if that means they decide to stop paying you, grow up, you have nothing to say, youre not a shareholder, you bear none of the risk, you have no capital at stake, you are nothing more than a tool, an industrial prostitute. same goes for law associates, engineers, and even PE/ibanking associates. we have no union protection, and are employed at-will. its the name of the game. remember, we can always say “I quit” at anytime as well.
as for eating hours, who cares? you’re a salaried employee, the number you bill out has no reflection on what you get paid. what happens is you have to “adjust” it? absolutely nothing! nothing happens! it becomes just another made up number, a meaningless plug, assign it if you will a name, perhaps “goodwill-my partner” if you feel the need to balance your accounts. put down whatever your manager tells you too, get a good review and move on, maybe to a better job somewhere else where you don’t have to deal with this crap.
I have read this blog for a long time, and honestly I agree with most of what appears on here, but this, this is just whining, socialist banter, collectivist drivel. As long as the firm continues to provide quality audits (a service, I have realized is actually pretty easily accomplished, no need for rocket-science, no need for too much advanced mathematical formulae, and no need for a 7 person rather than a 6 person team if things get tight) to its customer, then the firm has satisfied its legal/ethical duties in the marketplace.
And in the end it is true that the client is the shareholder. What leads to conflict is that auditors are compensated by management, solve that, solve the problem. Seems pretty easy, remove control of auditors from audit committees, and bring them to annual meetings before shareholders for review and compensation. If management wins proxy on this issue, well then, then the investors are idiots, and deserve whatever they get. But at least they had a chance.
For public companies the shareholder has always been an amorphous group. In reality, it has been the taxpayers (and more) for many years. If you have a 401(k), pension plan or other retirement investments you probably hold some shares in a public company.
It is tough to deal with two separate forces. Management hires and fires you. But your responsibility lies with the shareholders and you only have an indirect relationship with them. We need to look at ways to keep the management better aligned with the shareholders to avoid conflicts that get pushed onto auditors.
Exactly,the firms are in business to make money…yep,thats why they should be broken up and then they can compete in a fierce dog eat dog market.
I’d like to invest in your company. I realize it won’t be in business to make money, and losses will be encouraged, but the altruistic motives will make that point moot. Enjoy that Univ of Phoenix business 101 class?
From reading your sickening post, it seems you are out of touch with the way things are right now. Let me explain.
“Are we forgetting that the Big 4 are businesses? They are in business to attest to financial statements, nothing more. They have no higher purpose bestowed upon them.” Yes. This is true. Accounting firms are a business, just like any other organization. However, to say they are in the business of doing nothing more than offer an opinion on the financials?? What happened to assuring the public trust? Assuring the shareholders who have a stake in the entity being audited? Trust man, trust! Something that has been non-existant for the past few years. And in the times we’re in now, you say auditors have no other purpose than to just give a passing grade on the financial statements…ha!
“If the owners of these businesses (the partners) feel that their profits are declining, and that they can let people go and still function, then why would they not do this?” No one is really griping about the layoffs as this is happening everywhere in almost every industry. What’s getting to a lot of people is the fact that some partners have been notorious for generating unachievable, unrealistic forecasts. Maybe if they had stopped being delusional for once and taken off their rosy-colored shades, they wouldn’t have taken as significant of a hit as they are now. Having said that, there needs to be some degree of accountability among leadership, because right now hundreds of smart, hardworking people suffered from leadership’s blatant lack of it in the form of the pink slip. Accountability man…another thing that has been non-existant in the past few years.
“Should we esteem people who attest to the financial condition of public corporations? Not unless our society has degenerated so much that we find it impressive when people work with honesty and integrity.” Ok. You do notice that when something goes wrong within a corporation…for example, fraudulent financial reporting…that when regulators find out one of the things they usually ask is “Where were the auditors?” Stakeholders look to these people dude! They depend on these people to question material issues that could go wrong and report them. Should we give them a cookie everytime they do their job adequately? No, of course not. Sure enough, however, people are looking to them. Do we find it impressive when people work with honesty and integrity? In these days, buddy, the answer is a resounding yes! Again, honesty and integrity….two more things that have been non-existant over the past several years.
“Break up the big 4 if you want but don’t berate them for acting in their own self interests. Self interests. Isn’t this another principle of capitalism?”
Oh my goodness, this puts the icing on the cake!! Please retake a remedial course in economics when you get the chance, please! First off, you are correct. Capitalism does offers incentive…reward for the organization who perform well. But tying in self-interests in the concept of capitalism? Self-interests….the reasons for many wrongdoings, the reasons for Enron, the reasons for Madoff, the reasons for Satyam, the reasons why we’re in the economic mess we’re in right now!! It seems like you’re all for self-interests Mr. Anonnnn, you’d be the perfect candidate for a partner.
For those of you who forget, CPA’s are licensed by the government because they perform a public function. If auditing, etc. were just another miscellaneous service to business, they could get certified not licensed. It is the license which gives us monopolistic privilege. Consequently , it is not just a business. It is a public function. You swear an oath. (Remember the second commandment, this is where it “not taking the name of the Lord in vein” really meets the road)
As to the Capitalists’ arguments above, I think they make the best case for taking the Capitalism out of Public Accounting. If by being businesses, firms have to put profits ahead of serving the public, then that model doesn’t work. Period! There are various alternatives for redefining the public accounting function. One would be (God Forbid!) making it a government agency. Another would be a consumers watchdog entity of some kind. Unfortunately, no matter what we did, the new agency would be vulnerable to influence peddling of some kind. After all, we’re people (Homo Lunaticus) with all our frailties. Still, we can make a better choice.
Yes, auditing and accounting is a business, but for the largest firms it’s a requirement to safegaurd the public trust. If we’re just a business, why don’t we have the same attorney client priveleges that lawyers have?
Unfortunately the system is broken, it is very difficult to enshrine the safeguarding of the public to a private, for profit enterprise. When the big accounting firms looby for accounting policy, do you think they do do with a keen interest on the ultimate public good, or what’s better for them, will get them more business and help the bottom line?
@ Finally – Ummm… by your line of reasoning Attorneys perform a public function too as they are also licensed by the government. Thus, law firms cannot be ‘just a business’ and you asking for attorney-client privilege is ridiculous. You’re not educated enough to be an attorney hence the 45K starting salary.
5 paragraphs..alas only the last one made any sense….i have no problem if they were open about their “care only about personal profitability” mission…they should risk the careers of hundreds of poor innocent students by going to the schools and giving them a wrong, misleading picture…
if firms only cared about money and nothing else, then why harp on the best places to work for ( someone should show those folks this blog), diversity( a joke – all of diversity is laid off – no more left), work-life balance (lay off pregnant, just returned from pregnancy, etc), widespread career opportunities( when you lay them off, they can choose a career from any of the rest of the employers in the world) ….
You say, “partners have zero obligation to their employees after they pay them their salaries/benefits. they are not there to be your friend, counselor, or make sure you can continue to feed your kids and pay your mortgage when clients dry up. thats your problem. maybe you should have saved some money along the way, or understood the risks of entering a billable-hour profession before you signed up.”
My problem with the Big 4 firms is that, while what you say is true (to some extent), that is NOT the story told by the partnerships to staff. Quite the opposite, in fact. The story is that staff should trust in their partners to steer the right course. Do not question the firm’s decisions and/or logic and, in return, the firm will take care of you. Questioning leads to career limits. Questioning can get one counseled out of the firm.
The firms’ message of benevolent autocracy, moreover, is pervasive. Here are some examples. You should not question your compensation, because it is in line with other firms and in line with what you deserve to make at this time. You should not question the firms’ performance ranking process, because it is fair and equitable and will give you honest feedback on your performance. You should not question why partners must “own” client relationships (even when the client calls you and not the partner, and may not even know who the partner on the engagement is). You should accept the firms’ way of doing business, because it has created success and lots of money for everybody. Accept that partners decide who gets sales credit and who staffs engagements and who gets the utilization, because they know what’s best for you and your peers. Accept that the firms’ HR processes are appropriate for the situation and offer protection to the individual employee as well as to the partnership. And etc., etc., etc.
So every aspect of the firm is designed to create and promote a trusting relationship upward, while the truth is that there is little or no responsibility to the staff, and thus there is NO REASON to offer that trust. Realizing that your trust is misplaced is a good first step to truly assessing whether you belong in the firm, or should start to look elsewhere.
You also say, “as for partner profits: again, ITS THEIR FIRM. they can decide to take out whatever they fancy for themselves. if that means they decide to stop paying you, grow up, you have nothing to say, youre not a shareholder, you bear none of the risk, you have no capital at stake, you are nothing more than a tool, an industrial prostitute. same goes for law associates, engineers, and even PE/ibanking associates. we have no union protection, and are employed at-will. its the name of the game. remember, we can always say “I quit” at anytime as well.”
Again, you make some good points, but they are points contrary to what the firms want their employees to believe. The partners can decide how much they will make (though not every partner has an equal voice in that decision; it’s probably more correct to say that the firm belongs to senior leadership). We can debate how much “at risk” the average partner is … absent a cataclysmic Andersen-like implosion, not so much, is my guess. In particular, partners who’ve met the minimum retirement funding requirements can bail at any time, right? I know of one senior partner whose retirement annuity was set to pay him $350,000 per year, for the rest of his life. How risky was that partner’s situation?
With respect to your point about lack of union protection, I’ve posted before (more than once) that white-collar aerospace engineers have unionized and engage in collective bargaining, so there is nothing stopping accounting staff from following the same path … nothing except for name-calling such as “… socialist banter, collectivist drivel …” which tends to inhibit people from taking action that might improve their situation. Such name-calling does not really rise to any kind of cogent argument level, does it? But again, creating conservative Republicans is in the firms’ best interest, since the benefits of doing so accrue to the partners (but not especially to the staff). So it’s not surprising that those are the talking points used to inhibit folks from exploring options other than having their compensation set for them by a patriarchal partnership, a benevolent group of dictators that really knows what’s best for everyone ….
Another point you get wrong is the nonsense about “employment at-will” — which operates to protect the firms (as well as other businesses). Ever read your employment contract? Mine said that, while the firm could fire me at any time, I had to give two weeks notice before resigning. How was that “at-will”? Moreover, I have heard (many times, at more than one firm) that if I gave appropriate notice and didn’t resign during busy season, the firm would work to find me suitable employment with a client. (See discussion about patriarchal crap spoon-fed to the staff, above. The fact is, nobody really needs that assistance; anybody who has spent more than 2 years in the Big 4 can easily find employment on their own … if they have time to look.)
On a related note, which is more drivel-like, the message that the firm will take care of you and do what’s right, don’t worry or think too hard about what’s going on — or the message that you as an individual have little or no power in the firm, and only by grouping together do you have any chance of affecting things without cratering your career?
Finally, re: your point about “As long as the firm continues to provide quality audits (a service, I have realized is actually pretty easily accomplished, no need for rocket-science, no need for too much advanced mathematical formulae, and no need for a 7 person rather than a 6 person team if things get tight) to its customer, then the firm has satisfied its legal/ethical duties in the marketplace.” That’s just nonsense. Did you not read Fran’s post? Did you not read the Supreme Court’s decision in Arthur Young? Again, that’s what the firms want you to believe, but court decisions say (rather emphatically) otherwise. Go back and read the bit Fran posted above about “certifying” financial statements; think about the implications of the use of that particular term by SCOTUS.
Attorney’s advocate on behalf of their client, CPA’s advocate on behalf of the public and shareholders, its a big difference and that’s what the privelege points to.
“by your line of reasoning Attorneys perform a public function too as they are also licensed by the government” that wasn’t my line of reasoning, please take some logic courses. I agreed with the senitments that the license gives us a monopolistic privelege and that ultimately we serve a public function. The goverment is basically telling the companies “Hey every year you need an audit and it can only be done by CPA’s”. CPA’s then compete with each other to try to get business, not lose clients, make a profit and hopefully somewhere in there help investors. They are also a big voice at the table that sets up the very standards that they try to enforce and ultimately make a profit on. If you can’t see inherent flaws in the set up, then you maybe still be loopy from all the kool-aid they fed you at the recruiting events.
It’s not about socialism or capitalism, it’s about being honest. If you’re a profit hungry machine that has a greater staff turnover than double double’s at a weight watchers convention, then at least be a bit honest to your staff. Don’t tell them they are poor performers when they are getting laid off, just say that the partner needs a new yacht and your salary will just about cover the downpayment (maybe he’ll name it after you). At the firm I worked at, they let a bunch of people go and then sent out an email saying everyone was going to work more hours in the week and that you had to take mandatory PTO. They then couched it in language like “this is for your benefit so you can get a “jumpstart” on planning” and “take some needed time off and enjoy it with the family”.
Just tell me that we’re downsizing and need the people left to do the work and we’re increasing the work hours to keep pace with profits. Just be honest.
‘I agreed with the senitments that the license gives us a monopolistic privelege and that ultimately we serve a public function. The goverment is basically telling the companies “Hey every year you need an audit and it can only be done by CPA’s”. ‘
Just take ‘audit’ and replace with any number of corporate legal issues. then take ‘CPA’ and replace with Attorney and magically its the same thing. You should really read a wikipedia article or two on corporate law friend. You really do not have any idea what you are talking about. The only difference between an accoutning firm and a law firm is there are only really 4 accounting firms worth mentioning (more realistically 3) and a million law firms. Also, attorneys get paid more than you faster.
Again you fail to see the big difference, bub, and that’s that the attorney (generally speaking) is acting on behalf of the client and is paid by the client. CPA’s/Auditors are acting on behalf of the public and are paid by the client. Let me know when you run acrooss an attorney that’s acting on behalf of the public but getting paid by the person/corporation he’s prosecuting. Compliance advice and counsel is different than investigating and opining on a company’s records.
I’m very impressed by your references to making more money than me as an attorney…overcompensating are we?
While attorneys in theory act for corporations, as a practical matter they do not. Attorneys act for corporate managements. To the extent corporate management’s interests are not the same as their shareholders, attorneys have the same “classical agency” problem CPAs do.
I have read the Arthur Young decision many times. For my money, the Supreme Court, Congress and the Presidency have done nothing effective to improve the audit quality since the 1977 1760-page green book which Congress prepared on the the then Big Eight. Francine hits on the problem: corporations hire their CPAs. While Francine may exhort CPA firms to better behavior, I say such exhortations are a waste of words. To see the answer, I refer you to 10 Harvard Law Review 457, “The Path of the Law”, 1897, Holmes, Oliver Wendell. Page 461 has his famous “Bad Man” story. Read it. The only thing we can do to improve audit quality is:raise the cost of bad audits relative to good ones. All ethics classes, corporate governance changes, AICPA pronouncements, PCAOB acts, SEC enforcement actions will accompliish nothing if they do not RAISE THE COST OF BAD AUDITS RELATIVE TO GOOD ONES!
Sometimes attorneys act for the “corporation” when they are conducting an internal investigation. Many executives get confused when the in-house counsel or the outside attorney hired by the Board of Directors comes around and starts asking questions. They believe that attorney-client privilege exists. It does not. If you are ever going to be questioned as part of a serious internal investigation, best to get your own attorney, one that you pay. Then again, the organization sometimes has an obligation to pay your attorney fees, like in the KPMG Tax Shelter case with their partners. When KPMG refused to pay those partners legal fees to defend themselves, the case against them was eventually thrown out because they were denied due process.
This issue of the difference between attorneys and licensed public accountants is an interesting one and obviously needs authoritative clarification. I will put it on my to-do list.
I think the message is, yes there are agency problems and most people/professions may have to deal with them to some degree. The problem here is that Auditors have third party users and people that would rely on the financial statements as individuals that they would be responsible to along with the supposed bedrock of independence, which makes their issue that much more acute.
It is good to question all those things you mention. But in the end there are a few factors that will always hold true. First, supply and demand will have the biggest impact on your salary. Management knows that when there is great demand for your skills and not enough supply, you have the power and can demand the pay/benefits or simply go to another firm. Right now they have the power as there is more supply and less demand. That pendulum swings throughout your lifetime. In the 1990s the employees had the power, but now the employers do. Complaining at this point won’t change that, and I’m sure you will forget to be thankful when the pendulum swings the other way… but I hope maybe you will try to be appreciative and fair with the recruiting process and with your employer when you have the power, just like you are expecting them to be fair with you now.
As for your skepticism about the review process… I am pretty confident that you have never participated in that process. Truth is, the process is generally biased to favor the employee. Companies and individuals are reluctant to be negative about their employees and fearful of law suits if they do not go above and beyond to be sure they gave the employee the best opportunities possible to prove themselves. In general employees are not fair in their self-evaluations. They rate themselves unrealistically high and see almost no flaws in themselves. Few young employees are particularly self-aware, and even those that are self-aware play the game of trying to cover up their weaknesses (or finger point to others) rather than own up to their personal realities and work to improve. Management does not expect a perfect employee — they want people who are trying to improve and able to see where and how to do that. Much of this is human nature that is true at all firms — and has little to do with the B4. It isn’t perfect, there are abusers… there are managers who seek to fire someone. I myself have rated one or two people so poorly and recommended termination — and seen it happen. But before it happened, those people were transitioned to work with at least 3-4 other managers to see if they found a home with a different manager or if my rating was inaccurate. Manager opinions are tested and not accepted as gospel.
It is hard to trust in processes shrouded in secrecy. There is some truth to a need for secrecy — to protect you as much as anything else. But, I suggest you look at the performance review process as a process that serves you. You will get out of it what you put into it. If you play the paint a rosy picture and blame others for everything game — you will get little out of it. If you look inward and really become self-aware… that will benefit you. I have been fortunate to have managers who I have trusted (rarely has that trust been misguided) – but when I haven’t trusted the reviewer I have continued to be honest with myself and protected myself by doumenting less. But in this world, sometimes you have to be willing to be vulnerable. Sometimes you trust in the wrong people — but mostly people are inherently good people. You will benefit more by taking a leap of faith from time to time. And certainly question it all — a good manager will mentor you through those questions. They may not be able to tell you everything, particularly if it is about someone else’s review… but they can explain the process and the reasoning and so forth.
As for at-will employment. I believe that by law you can walk out without the 2 week notice. 2 week notice is simply a standard curtesy – mostly it means I will work for you for 2 weeks, but in that time I will do very little and take long lunches and go home early and you will just pay me in hopes that maybe I will transition some work if I feel nice enough to help you out. But while the company can terminate you at any time, they generally pay you a minimum of 2 weeks pay (this may also be by law – I am not sure) when they do that… so it goes both ways. Generally when a person is terminated, the firm pays out quite a bit — 2 weeks regular pay, accrued vacation pay, severence pay to name some of it.
Question? Having a CPA license and being able to conduct audits is a rare skill. It’s hard for people to go through at get 150 hours of education (which is required to take a CPA exam in most states) and pass this exam, this almost always requires a masters degree and a long term committment to the profession. Why do auditors, specifically licensed CPAs of these Big 4 and mid tier firms not UNIONIZE? Electricians unionzie because their skills and trade are rare. Accountants should not have their skills be ignored because some large firm wants to make some petty quota. Sometimes a large professional industry has to eat cost for a prolonged period of time to keep their employees. When the market turns back around, it’s not like you can easily find 100’s of CPAs at the local job fair. So once again, why is the Big 4 firms LICENSED employees Unionized???
this is pure bull.I workedfor D&T and have been in many concensus meeting,tell the truth- it is a place where most people go say nice things about their buddies and ding those they don’t like or who are not a part of their clique.It is OK to drink the d-kool aid and to be a cheerleader for the firm,but please don’t lie !!!
Paragraph 1 – employers dont care about you as much – employees are at their mercy and compensation – when there is demand, we will take care of you, when not, we will throw you to the dogs on the street on your backside…where is the fairness?
Paragraph 2 – review process biased towards employee? people being reluctant to be negative about employees? why dont you let everyone know what firm you work for and have them weigh in if thats true? truth is something else. what the partner or their cronies wants, they get…
Paragraph 4 – there is need for secrecy to avoid lawsuits? – that itself shows that you are doing things which you dont want people to know – truth and fairness will not beget you any lawsuits – secrecy, ganging up and being unfair on people, giving false reasons for firing or laying off someone will most definitely get you some…so you need to shroud it in secrecy… practice what you preach – why dont you take a leap of faith for a change?
Working in Audit is like buying a car, people will swear by the ones that did them good personally. In the case of Audit, people will be a mirror of their experiences and what they’ve seen. Some have seen more than others, and thus their perspective is wider and more encompassing. In some cases people have been completely shafted by the system (I know of some) and in others they’ve met decent people and managed to do ok. I personally think Francine has seen a lot and has a candid (albeit a little forthright) viewpoint on the profession and I believe she has the contacts that give her perspective a decent scope. To disregard it completely would be dismissive obstinence.
I personally feel there’s a lot of things that need to be fixed about audit, both in the way that firms conduct business internally and externally and it would be wise for the powers that be to step back and be a little introspective (similar to the expectation of staff).
1. “As for your skepticism about the review process… I am pretty confident that you have never participated in that process. Truth is, the process is generally biased to favor the employee.” Wrong. Many times wrong. Been there, done that, at more than one “Big 4″ firm. From more than one perspective. Your “truth” is wrong as well. In point of fact, the process is biased to favor employees who have connections to senior partner/mentors/coaches who have a strong, influential voice in the review/ranking process. Employees who have no advocate at the table, suffer in comparison to those who do.
2. “Management does not expect a perfect employee …” Wrong again. While trends are important to the relative ranking, the way to success in the Big 4 is to fail at nothing; and consequently you do not need to excel at anything. First, be average or better in every possible area, from independence and training compliance to utilization to knowledge management to engagement feedback. After that, if you are good at something or have some above average characteristics, then that moves you up a bit. The reason for this is that the review/ranking process starts with the negatives, weeding out people based on whatever negative characteristics or attributes are discovered. Once the “low performers” have been identified, only then do the positive attributes work to move people up in the rankings. This is just human nature, especially in the Big 4, since it’s easier to identify a negative and move people down, than it is to identify a possibly intangible positive to move people up.
3. “It is hard to trust in processes shrouded in secrecy. There is some truth to a need for secrecy — to protect you as much as anything else. But, I suggest you look at the performance review process as a process that serves you. You will get out of it what you put into it.” Pardon me, but you are spouting the same paternalistic crap that the firms do — “trust us” they cry, “we have your best interests at heart” — knowing all the while that the trust is completely unwarranted. (Read my prior post again, please.) Also, the part about protecting “me” (or us)? Completely untrue. Anybody who’s been through the process understands that the primary objective is to PROTECT THE FIRM from employment-related lawsuits. Protecting the employees (from what? I ask you) does not enter into the equation in any sense.
4. Re: notice. There is a difference between a courtesy, and a contract clause that can be breached and thus create a cause of action. As for “accrued vacation pay” and “severance pay” those are payments mandated either by law or by firm policy/practice. The firm does “me” no favors when I receive such mandatory payments, and thus I owe no the firm no gratitude for making them.
5. Name calling. I’ve done none of that, simply pointed out bull poo-poo when somebody tried to pawn it off as gold. I.e., my argument is with your argument, not with you or any label of you.
I have to agree they can be biased. I’ve been in difficult situations and was told be someone not to worry because they were the one who would be involved in the review process. Granted, the other person not involved in the review process is an incompetent moron, but as review processes are underway, I feel a little better that I will have an advocate. That doesn’t mean I will be a superstar – that just means I am not “as” worried about losing my job.
@TT– have you ever been part of the review process? Have you ever had to give a review? Have you ever delivered a good review or a bad review to someone? Unless you can say you have done these things I don’t think you can really talk about it in the inflammatory language that you like to use. Based on your comments I offer the following advice – which I know you do not want, but maybe someone else on the post will gain something from it.
Building your career is about building your relationships with people — both within and outside of your practice and firm. It is also about building your skills which includes the skills required to execute an engagement and the soft skills of facilitating a team, managing a client, working with others, and so much more. You do need to build positive relationships and if you cannot do that or haven’t done it then you are correct that you will not have an advocate (eventually you need many advocates). But that is something you can fix. The way to fix it is to find someone you an trust and share with them — so that you can explore yourself and become more self aware. Getting ahead in your career is not something that will happen by sitting at your desk, waiting for work to come to you and performing it well (even perfectly). To get ahead you need to push yourself to grow, and the review process is a time to reflect on that and be honest with yourself. Being smart will not get you to the top, being smart is only ONE part of what you need to be to get to the top.
I understand that you feel this is spouting a bunch of bull. But I have experienced it from both ends. I have received good and bad reviews, and given good and bad reviews. I have provided feedback on employees, participated in all day review meetings, and been shut out of those meetings as well. I have fired people, counseled people out, hired people, trained people, held on to people in my team that I don’t want to lose, and suggested others find a different team. I haven’t done any of these things just once — for I have 30+ years of experience in many industries from academia to defense contracting to government to consulting to IT to the B4. I have heard all the things you are saying… and they are full of the type of emotions that generally come from someone who hasn’t taken the time to look inward but wants to look out at others and blame them for all the problems. I have done that myself, and sometimes it is warranted. But most times it is not warranted. In the end, the only part of this equation you have control over is yourself. That isn’t fun to realize – I hate it myself – but it is true. If you choose to handle it all in the manners that your language implies – I promise you that you will not succeed… anywhere.
Unless and until you find yourself sitting down to give someone a negative review you will never understand how hard that is to do and how people work so hard not to do it. The real disservice you will get in your life is when the manager avoids telling you all sides of the story — including the negatives. Because if there are no negatives then you cannot grow and improve. I recommend you listen to @31 just a little bit harder.
I agree with your comments about self-evaluations. It would be interesting to take an employee survey. Employees could be asked to indicate if they believed their performance was in the bottom 10% or the top 10% of their peers. I suspect that we would have five to ten times as many employees in the top group as compared to the bottom group.
Managers and Partners often find it difficult to prepare difficult candid evaluations as everyone likes to be liked. Managers and Partners will sometimes choose the path of least resistance by preparing a “meeting expectations” evaluation for a non-performing employee and just never schedule the employee on another job. This is not fair to the employee or the firm as the employee ends up frustrated, under-utilized and without the necessary information to improve their performance.
I want to talk about the review process too. This is an open secret in our group at Deloitte. One year, partners were discussing performance of a senior manager in an evaluation meeting. He was considered as an average payer and got 3 (1 is best and 5 is worst) on all his evaluations. So all the partners in the meeting agreed on his rating as 3 overall. But before the meeting was over, a senior partner walked in, and claimed that senior manager should be 1. Needless to say, everyone in the meeting just sat there and no one wanted to dispute with the senior partner. And that was, the guy was changed from an average player to a super star…
What does this story tell staff in the firm? Working hard is not important, doing a good audit is not important. As long as you have good relationship with a senior partners, that all matters…
@40 – it is possible that that team and that senior partner are corrupting the process. It is also possible that the average rating was based on incomplete information. Know that the review process is on-going at all times. It doesn’t take place only in a single meeting. Management starts rating each person that reports to them starting the first day of the performance year… they talk to each other all the time (just like staff talk about the managers). So I suggest you don’t junp to a conclusion at all — not unless it is worth taking the time to dig out all the facts. You may have only part of the picture. Don’t get me wrong — I am not saying what happened was right… just that you probably don’t know enough to tell.
Welcome to the real world. It’s not what you know, it’s who you know. This is the same in any organization. Corporation, School, Organization, Politics, Non-profit organizations. Anywhere! Remember when everyone was encouraged to “network” to get your foot in the door at your Big4? It’s the same thing, it’s not what you knew that got you there, it was who you knew. It’s no different once you actually start.
I think the guy that is talking about Uninoization is on to something. Why don’t big 4 auditors unionize? I have friends that are aerospace engineers who are union. But in reality, the vast majority of big 4 employers drink the kool aid and think their firm is so incredible and no matter what, it’s not leaderships fault if the firm does bad, it’s theirs.
@41 – same thing happened in my office. A discussion took place about an above-average performer in our group, who had just returned from a stint in another office. Having worked with this individual, I have first hand knowledge that this individual was an above-average performer, with at best a 2 ranking, and the comments from others seem to support my conclusion. This individual’s ptr coach pops in to the evaluation meeting (not having listened to any of the other PDM comments) and announces that this person has always been ranked a 1 while with the firm and should still be ranked a 1. As others can attest, 1’s are never given out, and this person was not that good. They gave this person a 1. A few years later, after this ptr coach fell out of favor, this individuals ranking began to drop and more accurately reflect performance. Who knows? This year, they may give this person a 3. The whole process is a joke. This is the way that Deloitte operates, and if you want to work there and be successful, you have to be willing to play the game. So many more stories … but so little time …
I have to admit – I do not work for D&T… a different B4. But whenever I have interfaced with D&T at training, conferences, even work assignments… I have never been impressed with the culture. I cannot attest to the review process or the quality of work or the partner greed there… I can just say it is not my experience in my practice. Maybe those that hate the D&T culture need to look at a different firm – but you may have to wait for the economy to improve. This is an unfair judgement – but it seemed to me the D&T employees were stuck up, arrogant, ultra-conservative competitors that will backstab and climb the ladder by putting others down. The real way to climb the ladder is to build people up — then you all march forward as a team. I have seen this work in a B4.
I said :”Break up the big 4 if you want but don’t berate them for acting in their own self interests. Self interests. Isn’t this another principle of capitalism?”
So you said: “Oh my goodness, this puts the icing on the cake!! Please retake a remedial course in economics when you get the chance, please! First off, you are correct. Capitalism does offers incentive…reward for the organization who perform well. But tying in self-interests in the concept of capitalism? Self-interests….the reasons for many wrongdoings…”
So I need a remedial course in econ to learn that self interests has nothing to do with capitalism? I think someone needs to go back to 8th grade and have the school teacher re teach Adam Smith’s concept of the Invisible Hand. THE only reason why capitalism is successful is because of people acting in their own interests. Are they going to act in the interests of the people as a whole or that of the government? Clearly not or we would all be living in a wonderful socialist utopia which you seem to be stuck in. This is the real world, its sometimes harsh, but the sooner you get over it, the more prepared you will be to come back to reality.
Unionizing is an interesting thought. There was a time and place for a union. It still exists in some places and occupations. But be careful what you wish for. Unions have many downsides. If the business environment can manage to provide jobs in a non-abusive manner… the idea of union is not needed and often harmful. The question is what is abusive. I do not think adults working hard for good pay is abusive. If you come out of college and make $50K — that is pretty good. Do you have to put in extra time during busy season or when deadlines arise — certainly. Can you take a long lunch when these things are not true, work from home when your child is ill, or get some free food on the firm — yes. Pay attention to the pros as well as the cons of a job. I do not see abuse of staff. The risk of unionization is too great. Enough of our work is being off-shored in this country, there are plenty of people who will work for less. Unions are part of the problem that caused this economic situation (consider GM). They are not the entire problem, but they contributed. You don’t get anything for free in life — unions try to make that happen… employees get all the upside and none of the downside of working. But then again, in a union performance review would be based solely on years of service, maybe certifications — not on performance. This promotes mediocrity.
@32 and 43. Getting a CPA is not that difficult. Also keep in mind, in regards to your comment about the CPA being rare and requiring committment to the profession: even with states going to the 150 hr rule, they don’t actually require a masters in accountancy. Most states require the same classes they did when it only took 120 hours. So you can knock off the required classes during undergrad and then take whatever you want for grad school. Hell you could get a masters is basket weaving and it would meet the requirements. That doesn’t really require a “long term committment to the profession.”
The other factor is most people see the Big 4 firms as a means to an end. You go in for 2 years, get your experience for the CPA, get out with a CPA and a good name on your resume. For those employees (the vast majority) I don’t see the appeal of a union.
Who is the client? FM is correct to point out that there is an inherent conflict in that the shareholders are the people being served yet the person doing the hiring and paying is the company being audited. This isn’t optimal for sure. But the only solutions I have heard are:
1) turn it over to a gov’t agency — in my opinion this is not wise. The gov’t generally does not provide top quality work, and is as or more prone to corruption.
2) create more audit firms only smaller ones so there is more competition — this doesn’t solve the problem, you still aren’t getting paid by the shareholders
well – I really haven’t seen any other thoughts here. It seems the only thing to talk about is whether to regulate by a gov’t organization or how to put the ethics and integrity back in the organizations if and where it is currently lacking. I guess that may be why the thread gravitates in that direction.
I think the way to put the ethics and integrity back in the firms is to start with the young people. But they are so stuck being bitter and are not ready to be constructive, that I am not sure anything will change for a while. It is not about revolution but evolution — it the way to make true and lasting change in the world. OK – there have been some revolutions that were very successful — I know… don’t get on me for that. I do believe more in evolution – maybe in a series of tiny revolts.
(There are so many anonymous posters that it’s hard to know whether I’m responding to one or a dozen people. Folks, pick a name and go with it.)
“@TT– have you ever been part of the review process? Have you ever had to give a review? Have you ever delivered a good review or a bad review to someone? Unless you can say you have done these things I don’t think you can really talk about it in the inflammatory language that you like to use. Based on your comments I offer the following advice – which I know you do not want, but maybe someone else on the post will gain something from it.”
Dude, whomever you are, did you not actually read my post, the one that contained the “been there, done that” part? Let me be clear, I have given many upon many reviews in my career with the “Big 4″. I have given engagement feedback and taken engagement feedback. I have been a “file reviewer” several times and presented staff ranking recommendations to review committees, and defended those recommendations in the face of skepticism and probing questions. I have mentored and coached and successfully gotten my folks promoted. My last senior associate had low utilization, a prior year ranking of not promotable, but a burning desire to make manager. He also had some excellent engagement feedback that testified as to his true abilities. We turned it around and got him promoted in one year.
How did we do it? Well we built us some relationships, is how. We went to key partners who ranked him the previous year and figured out what the issues/questions had been. We laid out an action plan and addressed those issues/questions, one by one, and made sure the partners got what they needed to see and hear. We went to key partners who were going to participate in the current year’s review process and (each of us) had a one-on-one with those partners. We identified each partner’s hot buttons and addressed them. I took partners to lunch and sometimes even paid out of my own pocket (didn’t run the expense through), so that I could plead my senior associate’s case. (By the way, the fundamental issue was that his relationship partners were in the wrong geography and didn’t participate in his market’s review process.) We got the partners talking to one another, confirming that our talking points were valid. We set up conference calls between certain partners, but didn’t participate in them. We met with influential senior managers and HR folks. We made the business case over and over. More importantly, we did a lot of listening to find out what the promote case needed to be, so that we could make it. And by the way, my senior associate “protege” wasn’t even in my market, or my practice, and I had no idea what he did for a living. But when his review came up at year-end, everybody knew who he was, and why he should be promoted, even though there were twice as many qualified senior-promotes as there were manager openings (based on the firm’s “leverage model”), so that there was only a 50/50 chance of a successful promote recommendation being approved.
I have given negative reviews. I gave a review that went up two levels of partner and up three levels of HR, obtaining concurrence at every level, which led to a senior associate being “separated” for poor performance. Did he agree with me? No way! In fact, we had to have the review over the phone because he wouldn’t meet with me to have an in-person discussion. But ultimately I did what was right and he got the feedback that everybody agreed he deserved to get (even if he didn’t agree). I’m grateful my engagement partner backed me up 100% because otherwise that one easily could have gone south.
I was a part of a team that led the redesign of a firm’s review process. Did I lead that team? Nope — it was a partner, not me. Did the firm accept our redesigned process? Nope — too much change (and it put too much burden on the staff coaches and mentors, I was told). But I studied the firm’s process in great detail and identified opportunities for improvement in transparency as well as opportunities for streamlining, so I know whereof I speak.
So please believe me when I say I have experience in the Big 4 review process. Agree with me or not, but don’t tell me I don’t know what I’m talking about.
I’m out of here unless somebody wants to discuss the issues instead of telling me I can’t have participated in the review process because I’m not proclaiming its perfection to the world.
So, so many stories. The whole thing is like watching how abusive, narcissistic parents treat each of their children differently. You can see in that sly, underhanded way that certain siblings are favored; despite poor skill or capabilities, they are given wish-list clients, locations, industries and more work to meet or exceed utilization hours. The (scape) goats are given a dry crumb or two, and told to feel blessed to be born, or in this case, lucky to be employed.
Very good work Tenacious. It’s great to see the process in place work correctly. You can’t ask for much more than that.
@TT – Thank you for a well delivered message. I now see that not only you have the experience, but you do it right. And for the record – I did read the post in detail, but was asking you questions about your experience because the language you used was unclear. The emotion and tone of it was easy to read in a completely different context. I “asked” if you have had these experiences, because I wasn’t sure. Your new post is all evidence of how the process does work. The things you have done are the right things and have helped some solid performers move further in their career, and probably personally as well. So I don’t understand why you are so upset about the review process.
My current suspicion is that the process isn’t so bad, but the people implementing it are — and is that the majority of the people or just a few? Or is it just the most influential people? If all the people in the process did the things you do (which by the way is what I do as well)… then would the process work? What stops people from behaving as you do throughout the process… and if you wrote up a new process (blessed by the firm) that told them to do it, would that change a thing?
Just so you know — I think you are D&T — I am not… so we aren’t talking about the exact same process.
@51 – think about what you have said. The review process has one purpose — to differentiate between the employees… who is top and who is bottom of the pile. By definition the process will not pat 100% of the people on the back 100% of the time. If everyone in the employee pool is a superstar, then the superstars not as good as the others will still be in the bottom. Unlike school — not everyone can get an A+ on the report card. It is about resources and where they will put those resources. Obviously the first resource to divide up is pay. But each manager has the resource of their time — so they will choose who they will invest their time in. That isn’t favoritism — it is selecting the team you believe in and wish to invest in. The only way it is favoritism is if the managers NEVER try fresh blood to see if there is someone else to invest in.
I’m here. Working on the next post and a few other things. And sleeping. And eating. And talking to friends.
In the meantime, I’m thrilled with this discussion especially of the performance review process. I want to thank all of the commenters who have added their thoughts.
A while back I wrote a detailed description of the process at PwC. As you can imagine, I thought it sucked. In general, the automated process leaves a lot to be desired, is mainly a response to liability management, and an opportunity for partners to abdicate responsibility for their decisions and blame it on the committee. Makes it harder to claim discrimination by any particular jerk…
Print your engagement reviews and mid-term and year end project reviews and any feedback you receive via email. It’s too late when you’re let go and kicked off internal systems.
Keep the cards and letter coming. And I would chime in with Tenacious Truman. Set up a pseudonym, at least, and stick to it. Makes it so much easier (and so much more fun) to respond to ideas and thoughts directly, consistently, and to see threads over time. A real conversation.
To the guy that said the CPA is not hard, and starting at 50K for a masters degree is good is LOST. Come out with a masters of engineering, if a firm offered that student 50K they would laugh. Also, the CPA parts rest every 18 months so you have to be pretty dang competent to pass the exam. I know tons of associate/seniors that are not even close to passing the thing….so don’t say the CPA is easy, or that 50K starting with a master degree is good, because it’s not. The big 4, in my opinion, is TOO big, not allowing enough competitors, thus the salaries are way to low for the skills of the employees. This is why the big 4 is constantly being raided for their employees. They do not have long term committment to their people, they don’t care about quality fo audits (in my opinion), just making a large margin by paying competent employees low and charging outrageous fees.
And I think the Big 4 colludes to suppress and control salaries, with the cooperation of the co-opped university pimps.
55 -Does the process need a bell curve? What if everyone is more or less a superstar – a bunch of greats, very goods, goods, satisfactories and no “needs improvements?” Is the review process looking to define “black sheep” so that there is a real bell curve?
And how reliable is this process? How does a staff rely on a review where the manager pressured the senior into giving a staff a poor review, under threat of “failure to follow direction,” and the senior obliged? What about reviews from managers and senior managers who are later professionally censured and/or criminally prosecuted? How reliable is a review from managers and senior managers who gang up on someone in the office by taking away work, shrinking hours, etc?
1. Please re-read my post #22. I hope I had more points, and more fundamental points, than simply one about how the employee review process sucks.
2. To those who posted that my story about working the system shows how the process works, or is supposed to work: I disagree. A proper review process free from bias and undue influence wouldn’t need me, or my senior associate, or you or your partner, to “work” the review partners in the way we were forced to. A proper review process would be resistant to such blatant influencing. A proper review process wouldn’t need “independent file reviewers” because the process itself would be independent and objective (to the extent possible given humans are involved). A proper review process wouldn’t exhibit the lack of transparency and obvious bias I’ve seen.
3. To those who think I work(ed) for D&T, or E&Y, or PwC, or KPMG, maybe not. I’ve worked for several of the Big 4 firms and, believe me, they are pretty much all the same. I know the review process at several firms, and had detailed “benchmarking” discussions with folks who came from the other firm(s) I didn’t work at. No one firm does it particularly better than any other firm. The faults of one firm’s process are, more or less, the faults of the other firms.
4. Want to benchmark your firm against the “best in class” — benchmark against Andersen. As with most things Android, it was all about consistency. All managers and above (including partners) gathered in one opulent offsite location for an all-day (and/or all-night) review meeting. Every piece of feedback for an individual staff member for the period was displayed for all to see (via in-focus projector). All the rankings were examined against each other for consistency. If YOUR piece of feedback about that employee was different from the other feedback (e.g., you ranked the person as a 1 while the others ranked her a 3) — then YOU were called up in front of the group to defend your feedback and ranking. If you failed to defend your position, the fact that you couldn’t be trusted to give accurate feedback was noted for YOUR review, and factored into your ranking. When everybody in the room agreed that the feedback was accurate, then a consensus ranking was obvious and the process moved on. That kept the process honest, or as honest as it could be, given that it was biased against experienced hires. (Not just my opinion, see Toffler’s book.)
@60 – it is NOT possible to have everyone as a superstar. If that is the case, the review standard is too low. That is the nature of business. But it isn’t a bell curve either. At least at my firm, the needs improvements are rare. I have been here over 7 years and to my knowledge the needs improvement has happened about 3 times, and there have been way more than 3 people who have needed vast improvement (also my opinion – but validated by many people of many titles). Those other people are given the benefit of the doubt and coached along until either they succeed or they leave the firm. Your examples of what can happen with negative reviews has never once occured in my 7+ years at KPMG, nor in my 30+ years working… in my personal experience. I’m sure it has happened elsewhere.
I have recently had a case where you could argue it was potentially going to happen. Let’s call the players, director, manager and staff. The staff member started out performing well on the job, but by the end the manager was very frustrated with his (for argument sake we’ll make all the people a he) performance. But the manager was unwilling to provide the feedback to him — in fact gave a glowing review at interim. The director took a long time to get wind of the problems (the director was out of the office for a long period of time). But once he got wind of it the negative feedback started to flow. My role — I am tasked to manage the staff members performance review process. So I spent at least 8 hours across several days talking to the director, manager, staff member, two partners, another director and others involved with the review process. I pushed on each an every person — was that the staff member’s fault or was he inappropriately coached, monitored, etc. I am not a partner or director — so I was arguing with people senior to me and telling them they had to provide specifics, and they had to evaluate their own participation in the process. In the end, this staff member has had a major growth experience.. and so have the managers, directors and partners. I have been praised by partners and directors for pushing back on them (not told I have to ding the staff member without questioning them) and being persistent and making the process fair. The staff member is getting a fair shake and while the review will not be glowing, he has recognized some things he didn’t do well – but more importantly he has recognized ways he can avoid this in the future and ways he could have and will perform better. He has a list of behaviors he intends to correct and how he intends to correct not only himself but the perceptions of others when the perceptions are inaccurate. The dialogue has begun with his manager and director. He is very appreciative for the review process. I have many more hours to spend before this is ironed out – but it was worth the investment.
So, as far as reliability — the process is reliable if you actively engage in it and you find supporters to be actively engaged. I am assigned to this responsibility (and NOT, I am NOT HR), but the staff member could select a different person if I was not meeting his needs. OK – there are only limited people he can select from – but I am not the only choice. So, you need to be honest, fair and engaged in the process yourself, and you need to have people to support you and advocate on your behalf. Advocacy does not mean they say you are a superstar – it means they are fair and honest and engaged in the process and doing what is best for you. In this case what was best was to deliver the negative feedback and help him work through what it means and how to work with it going forward. Also note, if you are never told that you have things to improve upon, you will never get better. All reviews should include some element of growth areas.
As for the bell curve — generally, most people are in the middle bucket as far as performance. You will have 5-10% superstars, and 1-2% needs improvement. But if you think you are a superstar every year, I suggest you start being honest with yourself. It isn’t possible that all employees are superstars. If you grew up in the age when everyone got a trophy even if you were on the losing team — that simply isn’t the way the world works. I feel bad that you didn’t learn this when you were young, but it is time to grow up. Sometimes you lose. And in this world there are a lot more stupid people than there are superstars. Afterall, some people voted for ________________ (fill in the blank on which president you think is an idiot).
@TT – I know you are done… I agree it would be great to get bias out of the process… but I believe you are fighting human nature and not the review process. People are generally opinionated and biased — and while the world wants an objective and measurable review — that isn’t ever going to happen. It is about a process that involves advocacy and communication and debate and all these time consuming things. That debate is on-going… every day you are in the office (not just at review time). I commend your intention (yes I am @54)… I am not sure you can achieve the goal without the advocacy and effort you described in your earlier post. My reason — because we are all people but more important each of us has a personal agenda that is first above all else – and sometimes the advocates need to challenge others to put their personal agendas aside for a moment..
While the KPMG process for my practice isn’t exactly like what you described for Andersen — it is pretty close.
I actually wonder about the firms colluding to control pay. But unlike you — I think they pay way too much to the college grads, and promote way too fast.
To the person who said that so “you work a little bit longer during busy season” let’s not get caught up on the negative or something like that. I would like to know what company you work for and what group your in. In my opinion, taking a 2 hr lunch does not make up for working 80hrs a week for 5 weeks straight which i just did. Things are changing in firms, you don’t have the summer “off” like it used to be. Hell, if you’re unassigned during the summer nowadays ppl are having heart attacks b/c they are afraid of their utilization. Saying hey, you worked hard for the last 3 months and didnt even get to see your family, so why don’t you take friday off does NOT, I repeat, does NOT makes up for the extra hours you put in. Do you think if they compensated accordingly (ie) overtime, they would ask these hours of you? Calculating my per hour paycheck for busy season, it came to $11 and hour. and NO, it doesn’t average out over the year because now I’m back to working “standard hours” which btw pwc has somehow increased to 50. Pharmacists that work double shifts and thus have these kind of hours get to take a week off after each week of working a double shifts. IF we got summer of AT FULL PAY and not the measly 20% they are forcing audit ppl to take, then I could be like, hey, that’s just the way the business works.
Work at home and all that jazz, please, i’d like to see anyone under a manager that is allowed to do that. Considering it takes about 5 years to make it to manager, i think it’s just good PR. PWC sent out an email in NY basically saying, you need to be in the office even if you are unassigned. I could go on.
Anyway, since we are talking about review process, news from boston is that it’s changed once again. There is no longer a 4 rating. You are going to be wither 1 – exceptional, 2- average or 3 – underperforming. They said in not so many words that the 3’s would be fired. I sense a round of layoffs coming after this ARC process although obviously they will say they are getting rid of the under performers. It’s amazing, if you are not exceptional then you are average……
8:00 am – all partners/senior managers/managers sat in a big conference room. The process starts with each counselor going over the evaluations of their counselees. The responsibility of counselors was to summarize his/her counselee’s evaluations and suggested an overall rating for his/her counselee. If any partner/senior manager/manager has worked with the staff/senior, he/she jumped in and talked about his/hers strengths and development needs. This part of the process was smooth and peaceful.
10:00 am – after the first round of discussion, all staff/seniors were assigned an overall rating from on a scale of 1-5 (1 being “outstanding” and 5 being “poor”). An HR partner or representative did the stats, and announced: “there are a total of 100 staff/seniors, 15 of them are 1, 30 of them are 2, and 50 of them are 3, and 5 of them are 4. This is good, however, based on the firm’s standard or average, we would like to see less than 5 % of 1, 10% of 2 and the majority of them should be 3. Let’s go over each 1 and 2 and make sure they are really 1 and 2.” So here we go. Put your boxing gloves on everyone because the fun part starts now… Partners/senior managers/managers started attacking the staff/seniors who they never worked with, and you would hear comments like:
– XYZ did something 3 years ago and the client did not like it. [Does the term “period under review” mean anything to you? You’re an auditor!]
– I don’t understand why GTH can be a 2, because compare to JUK I worked with, GTH can only be a 3, even I though never worked with GTH before
– UJI did not do any extra-curricular activities outside the firm so I don’t think he deserves a 1, unlike TFR.
– His utilization is 125% so maybe he needs to work on his work-life balance. We want our staff to work smart, not hard.
– It is ok we give him/her a 3 even though all his/her evaluations received were all 2s. [Note: a month later one of such case was let go from the firm…]
– She took 3 months medical leave so I don’t think we can give him a 2 for her performance throughout the year.
– I never worked with FRT before, but whenever I saw him in the office, he did not seem to know what he was doing. He maybe very good, but I just don’t think he is a 2.
– It is ok to bring down his rating to 3 this year because it will push him to work harder next year and we will be able to show that he made progress during the next round.
4 pm – The HR partner/personnel redid the stats and announced: “now we have 5 people with a rating of 1, 10 people 2, 80 people 3, and 5 people 4. It looks better. However, based on what I just heard, I want to challenge some of 3s here. They sound like 4 to me. Let’s go over some of them”. And here we go again. It’s boxing gloves on again and back in the ring. Anything goes.
6 pm – The HR partner/personal redid the stats and announced: “We have 5 people 1, 10 people 2, 75 people 3, and 10 people 4. I think we are being very fair to all our staff. Thank you everyone. We did an excellent job today.”
2)	The year end evaluation will be held next month. Good luck to all the Deloitte soldiers. Keep on marching because your leaders really know what they want and know what is best for you…
Some things come with age… experience counts for something and it is real and tangible and valuable. There are things that cannot be taught – that you simply have to live through. Don’t expect all things to come to you right away, you have to earn it.
Those 3 negative review scenarios I’ve described, I’ve seen or personally experienced at least half, and occurred within less than 10% of your entire working experience.
The review process you’ve illustrated was not available to me or others. From what I experienced, there was no person to “push back,” to investigate, or ask me or others what happened. It wasn’t uncommon for the manager/sr mgr to be in the back pocket of the partner.
Wow! This is great. I will be getting in touch with him. He’s been really sticking it to them and he has the street cred to do it. Thanks for the link.
@ 70 – what a slam! So true too. I have worked for some sleezy AA partners, and in my opinion, it was good thing that the firm went down. However, most of them just went to another big 4 (like Deloitte) and kept doing what they were doing before.
@fm – let us know what you find out. Maybe you can have him do a guest post on your blog. How interesting that he is a professor at the University of Texas. The Enron/Anderson scandal occurred in Texas (Bush country), and the University of Texas has one of the top accounting programs in the country and is a huge feeder to the Texas accounting firms. Perhaps it explains why he posted his blog on the Santa Clara site (where it appears that he is a visiting professor).
Anon @ 66 — yes, that is the most common experience throughout the firms, and certainly is NOT confined to Deloitte.
You have accurately described what I have experienced over and over. Note the focus on negative attributes, and the ability of influential people in the room to sway the performance ranking. Anybody who does not have a strong advocate in the process is going to suffer. More than half the battle is (a) identifying your advocate, (b) identifying what taling points need to be advocated, and (c) prepping the advocate, including firing-up the advocate to get enthusiastic on your behalf and sticking to the talking points during the boxing matches in the room.
Again: the firms need to learn that assigning somebody a three who has received straight ‘2’s’, or denying somebody a promotion who has met all the written criteria for promotion, simply hands the plaintiffs’ attorneys a very nice smoking gun. Any attorney worth his/her salt should just get somebody like you or me, or countless others, on the witness stand (under oath) and ask us to describe the performance review process from start to finish, just as you did in your post.
Do some discovery and show that the final ranking had no logical relationship to the underlying performance information. (Or to put it another way, show that the conclusion was not supported by evidence.) Obtain from HR the firmwide direction on the “expected” distribution of the rankings, and show the nice fit between the final outcomes and the expected distribution. Put a senior HR person on the stand and ask how the firmwide distribution was developed. Follow up and ask what happened to any market or practice that did not reasonably conform to the expected distribution.
In my opinion, it would be game over for the defendants. But then, I’m not an attorney, so what do I know?
Follow up to 70’s post, check out Bill Black’s interview and his comments on fraud and liar’s loans.
@66 — the process is not at fault. If the people in the room are not constructive or on point then your grip is with the people and the criteria they are using. Further, the partner managing the meeting needs to allow some banter, but to really channel it in the right/constructive direction. Our process is similar, only the comments are not all negative and they are more constructive. I suggest you focus on the integrity of the people you are working with rather than blame the process itself.
As for review period — yes, in our process we sometimes look back further… in these cases it is to ask if the trend has improved or if the behaviors have continued. We also look forward — where do you envision this person sits in 5 years… is he/she a leader of the practice? While it is a review period, the slate is not wiped clean each year — and that is necessary to the process.
The focus on negative comments Tenacious mentions — again, that is about the people not the process. It is not what I experience. I experience a balance of positive and negative… and very few issues like what they wear to work and whether they brushed their teeth. I have had to deal with a body odor problem that was so bad co-workers were getting sick to their stomach. I talked to the staff member — the problem is fixed. It was relevant to review — because it was impacting performance. Managers were indicating they would not use this person because they could not be in proximity to him/her. Trust me — it was a major body odor problem.
@76, I stated what I observed. In my opinion, I would say that the meeting should be done in 2 hours. The first 2 hours was very constructive…
The rating system is tied directly to salary increase for the following year. For example, 1 rated would get 8% raise, 2 would get 6%, 3 would get 4% and 4 will get no raise. The whole purpose of an evaluation meeting is to make sure that the total amount of the raise = to firm’s budget. It is all about the money…
So, don’t be too serious about the review process. If you need constructive feedbacks, the partners or managers you worked with could communicate them to you directly. There is NO NEED for a stupid evaluation like this. Think about this, why would partners have a problem to rate all their staff 1 or 2 if this wasn’t about money…?
@70 – after AA went down KPMG hired many of their employees. At least in some practices KPMG realized that the AA people had little to no integrity, honesty and all that rot. Within a couple years, our practice sold off part of the group to a boutique. While not true nationwide — what this meant was simple… all the AA people left KPMG… we could not tolerate them and we kicked them out. They were slime — but I a monly speaking of the ones I worked with… it made me wonder if the AA culture was all slime though. KPMG/US employes around 20,000 people — there must be some slime in there too… just the law of averages. But is it a culture of slime? I am not so sure. If it is — that slime is in the audit practice IMHO.
@77-I agree that the process is about money, simply because there is only so much to divide up. I do not believe at KPMG the rating (which is based on a 9-box system (don’t ask me to explain – too convoluted) is used directly to compute the raise… and definitely not the promotion. While we use 9 ratings, they are categoized into 3 buckets – NI=needs improvement, SP=strong performer, EP=exceptional performer. As for the 9 thing — each of the 3 buckets has 3 sub-buckets kind of — to indicate if you are better at one thing over another. But for now – let’s consider only the 3 ratings. People who are SP can and do get promoted (it has happened to me and I know it has happened to several others). There is no requirement that you must be an EP to get promoted. I believe the salary decision is similar… although I must admit that this decision lies entirely within the office managing partner’s domain and maybe he/she discusses it nationally. But I believe that within each title, rating category etc, the partner ranks people. I believe my partner then looks at where each person’s salary is as compared to the rankings. Then I believe the next step is to say should person A make more or less than person B — which ultimately means that the ratings and such over time matter. And then the salaries are adjusted to put people more in-line with the ranking. So if person A is making a lot because historical performance reviews weren’t really on target — or say the salary at hire was higher than performance supports, and person B is low because of some other reason, the lower person may be an SP and get a larger raise than some other EP person who was in the range of where they should be anyway. In this way the salaries are adjusted in order to bring people in line with overall ranking rather than taking the salary they make as a given and adding an increase simply based on the rating. It allows for salary correction – not just salary increases without correcting over/under payed individuals.
Example, when you interview, you look good on paper. So they offer you a sr staff member position at $110K. After 1-2 years they realize you weren’t as good as you looked on that paper, but you are good. You will get SP ratings, maybe even EP and maybe even a promotion — but you will not get large raises until your rating and the salary are in allignment.
FYI – I am not intending any acusations – just comparing experiences and their merits. The more I hear from the D&T people, the more I believe that is not the B4 to work at (unless the people posting are simply a biased set). The culture seems to be flawed – and the people seem to be nasty. As for meeting length — we could not go through 40+ people in 2 hours. This year the meeting ran from 10am to after 7pm. But we also discuss things like how do we measure people, before we even start discussing people.
AA people are slime! love that term..where do you think all the AA folks are now at? Deloitte – guess what about the culture then? i think you are smart to figure that one out right? lay off all AA folks and D will be a better place to be at….
@68 – this is @62… maybe I have just been lucky. I hope you can find a place where you do have that person to manage your career development. I do think that we can each do some things to make it happen for ourselves though. I have pushed back at my own manager/partner when he/she is not doing what i feel is right by me. In some cases I was being immature and they helped me to grow up, in other cases I was successful at getting them to see things differently.
A recent breakthrough for me in fact — one of our senior managers really doesn’t like me, and during the “big pow wow” each year this person gives me scathing reviews about pretty irrelevant things. But this year we have worked together (first year we have done that). At mid-year I really pushed back at this senior manager. Said things like I know you do not support me or respect me. But I offered that I wanted to remedy the situation and asked the senior manager to decide then and there if she wanted to make it work. Once I gained buy in that we were going to put the historical dislike and distrust behind us — we started working together really well. No – it isn’t perfect, but at least it is positive. And I have since learned that during the pow-wow, she actually supported me this year.
My advice — if you approach the discussion constructively you can push back at (even blast — and I did blast this senior manager — the language I used here was much softer than the real conversation). And you can succeed at that. You cannot do this all the time, and you have to have solutions to implement — and you have to deliver. But you can step up and do this for yourself at times.
81 – Thanks. Yeah, sometimes I wonder if it’s just my crazy luck, but I’ve managed to keep in touch with a colleague or two from every place. In my current place, it’s been sad and frustrating, b/c the few people who’ve been guiding or mentoring me, have either left or been let go (but that I’ve also kept in touch with) I haven’t been re-assigned to anybody, but have been cautiously tiptoeing around in this whack-a-mole environment. How much longer my current company can keep it together is also a big question, as business is not great.
Thanks for putting your reply to my post in an actual article as I hadn’t planned on going back to check for any more replies.
You may be disgusted by my comments but you are confused. The point of any business is to make money and the Firms are no different. I still don’t see any real actionable items in your post for how to fix all of the alleged problems you proclaim there to be. I see a lot of long term vision for a Utopian world where no one gets laid off and partners work for free out of the goodness of there hearts but I don’t see much in your recommendations that has any real meat to it. Really you should probably go work on the Starship Enterprise in a world where everyone works for the betterment of mankind and there is no currency. The rest of us live in the real world where people want to make money.
I can only speak to the Firm that I work for when I say that I think our commitment to ethics far exceeds any company I have ever seen. It is part of the culture. It is in the approach to our work, the quality processes, the training, the emails, etc.. I don’t think we are perfect but I think we make less mistakes than most companies whether it be the audit findings or how we let people go or whatever the case may be.
So while I will agree with you that the Big4 like ALL companies and organizations should always strive to do better — I take offense to your general tone that would seem to indicate the Firms are all evil and the rest of the world is doing a much better job at what they do. If you took a look outside of these 4 companies and what they do in one specific industry you would realize things are not so bad. I would love to hear from you examples of companies or industries that you think are doing a really good job at what they do.
I am not confused. Whether you choose to acknowledge it or not, the Firms are absolutely different than “any other business.” They are regulated and have an obligation and responsibility, both legal and ethical, that extends beyond and supersedes the goal of their organization as a “business”. It is what it is. The problem is they have been allowed to forget that. For what purpose? So we can have them continue to produce worthless, non-actionable, valueless audit opinions?
Which firm do you work for? Name it and I can show you numerous recent examples for any of the top seven in the US that demonstrate disdain and disregard for both ethical and legal requirements. Try me.
You take offense? Quite a personal reaction for someone who chooses to be anonymous. I can only indulge that self-centered emotion to a certain extent.
I am still working on the next post in the series that will speak to the operational and business development issues and suggestions. But remember, it’s all done with an element of wishful thinking. The model itself is broken and what I might suggest are only band aids on a body with both broken arms and broken legs
In the meantime, so many other stories to keep up on. Today the Indian FBI issued a statement that the PwC auditors were complicit in the Satyam fraud. And the lawsuits against the others related to Madoff and other frauds keep getting filed. I have no chance of running out of things to write about.
@J — you are right… FM is very idealistic. She has points worth consideration, but I do not see any solutions. She points out the issues but doesn’t really have a solution. The only thing anyone seems to propose is having auditing be a gov’t responsibility.
You guys do know that there was a point in time when audit firms did focus on their primary customer — the shareholders, right? There is nothing idealistic in suggesting that the firms operate in the way it conducted business before – the right way…before self-interests got in the way of leaderships’ true purpose (ensuring the trust of the public). If you can come up with solutions of your own, we’d all like to know them (unless you think the failed partnership model is fine as is).
@87 – I haven’t come up with solutions on my own either. I merely suggest that this is idealistic and I’d like to see a solution oriented conversation rather than just complaining. I am not convinced that the existing model has completely failed. I wonder about the history you mention – and I admit that I have no knowledge in this area. But it makes no sense that people were better people back then, or was the model different? So, if as you suggest things were right in the past (as opposed to we are engaging in revisionist history – romanticizing the past as is commonly done). Then I suggest the way to the solution is to identify what changed. So I ask (don’t read any snotty tone of voice – I am honestly asking)… how were things right and what changed to make them wrong? If we can identify that then we can fix the future. And if I have missed something in the blogs – don’t yell at me to read something thoroughly… I have read a lot of these blogs and may have missed it, or maybe it was unclear due to all the emotion and anger and sarcasm and such that taints the discussion.
Why does it make no sense? Look at the crime committed today versus 10, 20, 30 years ago. Look at Sept 11th, the D.C. sniper, wipe out of the financial services industry. Someone said that the failure of AIG cost more than the whole S&L crisis.
great word usage. are you saying that we should bury the problem, rather than understand what cause the problem? to understand the problem would be (in your eyes) complaining. But wait, has of the culprits actually admitted to a problem?
hmmm … yes, when we (the innocent) get raped, we’re emotional, angry and sarcastic. I would suppose that you would have us believe that the rapist is “solution oriented.”?
“I am not convinced that the existing model has completely failed.” What would it take to convince you that the existing model had completely failed?
Would it take legal settlement after legal settlement, with more (and bigger) litigation pending? Would it take audit partners jailed by more than one country? How about being prohibited from accepting new SEC audit clients for 6 months as a penalty for obvious independence violations? How about a senior leadership partner who (allegedly) not only violated independence standards, but actively participated in actual insider trading? How about abusive tax shelter sales? How about (alleged) spoliation of evidence during discovery proceedings?
Would it take demonstrably poor management decision-making, without any accountability whatsoever? Would it take a published analysis and conclusion by an independent party? How about a oligolopistic situation that quickly shrank — i.e., the size of the oligolopy shrank from 8 to 4 over a period of roughly 20 years, due at least in part to forced mergers and other litigation-related matters (e.g., Andersen)? What more, or other, evidence are you looking for?
Seriously, what evidentiary standard are you using? Because from my perspective, I cam completely convinced beyond a scintilla of doubt that the existing model has completely failed, and needs to be thrown out like yesterday’s bath water.
And for those of you who say that “I do not see any solutions” coming from Fran, that can only be because you are not reading the blog posts. She has posted at least one serious reform solution, in addition to this series of “what I’d do” posts.
88 – Their conviction was later overturned, but they’re never coming back – what about Arthur Andersen as an example of the existing business model that’s failed?
I think one thing that’s changed in people since back then is greed – greed in publicly traded companies’ management, greed in public accounting firms’ partners. I don’t know how we can fix greed.
From page 72: “In June 2002, just two months after Andersen was convicted … Harvey Kapnick died unexpectedly at age 77. His son commented about his father: ‘He had long believed that the dilution of standards at his beloved firm could be traced to the rise of auditor-salesmen and the poisoning effect its drive for profits had on Andersen’s famous independence.'”
For instance this part: “In the end, it was all about the bucks. Yes, performance reviews included many factors, but no one paid attention to them. Either you brought in the money or you wouldn’t be around for too long. … The four cornerstones of success at Arthur Andersen — People, Management, Quality, Thought Leadership, and Financial Peformance — were referred to colloquially as ‘three pebbles and a boulder.’ The boulder was financial performance. The rest, it seemed, was a joke.” (page 195)
I could post more excerpts that would be exactly on point regarding your question, “what about Arthur Andersen [would be] an example of the existing business model that’s failed?” but instead I suggest you find either of those two books on Amazon, buy them, and read them for yourself. I believe you will be more than satisfied by the answer(s) you find therein.
I don’t think it is perfect either (nothing/nobody is..). But like I have mentioned, the portrayal on this site seems to assign a higher than reasonable standard of expectations that no company could live up to.
I have no problem with good ideals being suggested although FM seems to present in a tactical context which doesn’t mesh with the suggestions. When I read these articles this is what it sounds like to me:
“Crime in the city is at a high level. How can we fix his problem? Let’s encourage better family values so children don’t grow up to be criminals! Problem solved!”
The articles read as if the Big4 are in a pattern of shredding documents and helping clients commit fraud. In the spectrum of doing a very good job on one end, to being evil on the other, the entire site seems to point to evil but I think the needle is closer to the other end. That is just my opinion though. The sky is not falling despite what Chicken Little is writing about on any given day.
I’ll reiterate I don’t think anybody or any company is perfect. I also think the rhetoric used to discuss the problems on this site is not as productive as it could be.
I am sure you will post your stories and I will skim them. I am not going to disclose my employer as I do not want to be out of compliance with our policies on public relations.
@89 – it makes no sense because people are people and human nature hasn’t really changed. You mention many things that are evidence of people being “bad”. What about the way the Chinese were treated building the railroads? What about wiping out the American Indians? What about the Roman and Greek oppression of their constituents? What about the Holocaust? In any time period we can find greedy and ruthless people. This has not changed and likely never will.
ANSWER: yes,the BIG 4 have to make money,but you and i think them are forgeting the very important aspect of all this—“PUBLIC” ACCOUNTING! These oligopolies audit 90% of all Global Public corporations! They are failing at it because the focus is on $$$$ and not the “SHAREHOLDERS of public companies”,hence audit opinions that now mean nothing.The model clearly broken.
What would you say if your local Electric Utility turned your power on/off because that “MADE THEM MORE MONEY”.You would be livid,and demand why you were not getting uninterupted power.
SAME WITH BIG 4 AUDIT-the firms are not just plain-vanilla organisations out to make money(thats the role of the consulting arms)…there is a PUBLIC aspect to this-by certifying 90% of global public companies,the Big 4 firms have a very important role to play in the efficient functioning of global capital markets!!This is not a joke!
SOLUTION: Perhaps more Regulation/Govt Intervention(the evil R&G yes, yes..sorry),a bunch of stand-alone audit firms(maybe the BIG 16,highly regulated,more competition,uncapped liabilities and no more “too big to fail” syndrome.
The majority of people are not faulting the firms layoffs,the issue is the MANNER in which it is being done:If you want to cut the #’s,”tell people,hey we will cut” and do it! Dont spin people that all is well and then can them the next week-that is why people are bitter.Nobody is asking for anything,just a little RESPECT for people who sometimes work 18hrs a day/7days a week.
@89 – you are funny. What about the greed of the British monarchy and the Roman empire. Greed is not a new concept.
As for the rest – since you liken it all to rape let’s go with that. If a person alleges rape, is it a fact? I suggest that both the accuser and the accused have the right to a fair trial. You, my friend, have tried and convicted based on your personal experience alone. I cannot from your post determine if you are correct and you have been harmed, or if you are simply a poor employee. I can say that if you speak in these terms others will perceive you in ways you really do not want.
So, let’s identify the problem… it seems to me fm has done that — that the firms do not serve the shareholders because the economic model serves the wrong people. Greed is not the problem, it is a vehicle to use to elicit the proper behaviors — and in fm’s opinion it is not directed in the right place.
solutions — they need to reward for the proper behavior — so how do we reward for serving the public good (shareholders) yet at the same time have a viable business model? That is the question.
Sorry — but your anger is pretty irrelevant and not remotely useful. It is yours, and writing it to this blog is merely a cry for validation. I cannot validate nor condemn your situation on a blog… that you need to do through real live friends.
@97, yes, go with the it was your poor attitude line of defense. Do they teach you that at partner school?
Rape, fraud, deceit, etc. Use whatever words you like. Bottom line is that trust was betrayed to further someone’s gain.
@J. The model of Big4s as money making machine is not failed, not yet. But Big4s as responsible independent auditors have failed miserably.
This is NOT just an issue of “not being perfect”. There is a giant hole on the wall. Can you see it?
“The articles read as if the Big4 are in a pattern of shredding documents and helping clients commit fraud.” No, FM did not say anything close to that. You said it. FM just made a simple point:
“The auditor’s client is the shareholder and investor in the company, not the company’s management.” Is this statement just a common sense? If you even have problem to take that point, my friend, it is time to change your career.
“The rest of us live in the real world where people want to make money”. Yes, but I don’t understand why being a good auditor would stop people making money. The problem here is that big4 made a lot, a lot, a lot of money by doing a very very shitty job.
I am glad that you did not disclose the name of your firm. Otherwise, your comments would be very bad PR for them.
The sky will fall, killing all greedy ones, despite what Chicken Little is writing about on any given day.
There appears to be a large selection bias on this website. Instead of looking at just the audit failures that have occurred we should also look at all the audits that are done correctly every year of the 10,000 public companies in the United States. In 2004 in the British Accounting Review Jere Francis’s article “What do we know about audit quality” looked at many of the issues we are discussing on this board. She found that audit failure accounted for far less than 1% of all all audits done in a given year and cost less than .1% of a company’s sales. Also, Francis and Wilson 1988 found that audit failures were more likely to occur in smaller firms than in larger firms. Does this mean that a Big 4 audit is automatically better than a smaller firm? No, but Big 4 firms on average have less audit failures than smaller firms. Additionally, the United States is the only country where a single client can bankrupt an entire firm an all of its partners. This severe litigation does not seem to improve audit quality as other nations such as Canada and the UK have a similar amount of audit failure as the United States.
So if audit failures are relatively rare and inexpensive do we need to fix the process and can we? Francis believes that no regulation could make audit failures more infrequent but a change of incentives for audit partners could have prevented some high profile cases from occurring. First, audit partners should be compensated more equally so that those that those that bring in sales do not get rewarded excessively for risk taking while the rest of the firm bears all of his or her risk. Additionally, partners should be paid more equally as was done in the past because of the required partner rotation after 5 years. The rotation means that partners share each others work more than they did in the past which means they should all share in compensation. Some other firms of internal monitoring could be used to reward partners so that free riding does not occur. However she does not suggest what this measure would be.
If an audit failure rate of less than 1% is too high for you are free to have that opinion. I look forward to hearing people’s responses to these facts.
If there’s a selection bias in the writing it’s because I write the blog and I get to choose what I write about. Me , myself, and I. As I’ve said a million times before, including in my disclaimer on the “About” page, I write about what interests me and what I know. What I know happens to interest me and to be interesting to quite a few more people than I ever imagined.
If there’s a selection bias in the readership, well, that’s as it should be. I don’t need no stinkin’ namby-pamby, goody-two-shoes, Big 4 defenders that live life with their head down and their eyes closed. Like the work, like the folks you work with, even like your clients, but don’t like those that exploit you and don’t like those that are allowing rogues, criminals, and idiots to cheat your family out of their future.
Yes, the audit firms are supposed to play a role in the capitalist system: Provide audit opinions that assure publicly available financial information is complete, valid, and prepared according to applicable standards. These audit opinions are supposed to protect shareholders from dependence on incomplete, inaccurate, and invalid information when making their investment decisions. As another commenter said earlier: They’re getting paid while doing a very crappy job of it.
Citing studies from 1988 and 2004 about “audit failure” is irrelevant. Have you counted the number of settlements that each firm has paid and the amount that is pending? You can’t you say? Why? Because the firms don’t disclose those numbers. I’m the only one who’s not a regulator or the Treasury or the firms themselves counting them up and keeping any kind of tally and it kills them.
The litigation in the US is not severe enough. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA) said that investors cannot proceed with a case unless they already have facts in-hand that strongly suggest a deliberate fraud. Prior to the PSLRA, a case could proceed with minimal evidence and use pre-trial discovery to search for more. Now, you need such evidence just to begin, which may be difficult to obtain. So the cases that do proceed against auditors have been the strongest ones and there have been lots and lots. That were settled. Never went to trial. No one can say that they were without merit because first they passed the stricter tests post-PSLRA and second the auditors are unwilling to fight them on the merits.
I agree that what you write about is interesting that’s why I am here now and why I read your posts on a daily basis. I also agree that those partners that exploit employees and act criminally should not be defended. However, I do believe that partners that act criminally do so because the firm’s incentive structures are not perfectly aligned with the firm as a whole. The pressure to bring in sales means that partners are encouraged to take on very risky clients that can ultimately ruin an entire firm. One bad client ruined Laventhal Horwath in 1991 and Andersen in the 2000’s. I don’t believe that the Andersen was a bad firm as a whole but the Houston Office was. Krishnan made this argument with pretty convincing evidence in the Journal of Contemporary Accounting Research in 2004.
When it comes to litigation I imagine we will disagree about what is an appropriate amount of risk that audit firms are exposed to. The United States has more lawsuits filed against auditors per year than all other countries in the world combined. However this does not mean that we are getting better audits as audit failure rates are similar around the world. Does this mean that higher risks will get better audits? I don’t know but it appears like you believe this to be the case. Do you have a theory why lower litigation risk abroad does not provide better audit quality? Are partners more honest abroad or are there systems in place that make audits better than what exists in the US.?
Finally, I am not a Big 4 defender in general. Certain firms do preform bad audits and this is a great forum to point out those mistakes. Sometimes it does feel like you generalize one audit failure to mean that an entire firm is corrupt. I feel like that is not a fair assumption to make. I will change my name in the future so that it does not seem so confrontational.
Did you ever read the PCAOB reports? You should, and you should try to get access to the parts they don’t disclose to the public as well. I can tell you about this, if any of these non-disclosure parts leek to the public, you would see the Big4s disappear from the face of earth in a few months.
I don’t know how you define an “audit failure”, but I certainly don’t believe that is less than 1% as you stated. Typically you wont really find out that auditors did a bad job until 1) a client gets in trouble and is being investigated by regulators, 2) you reperformed the audit. My friend, have you ever performed an internal practice review for your firm? I did that every year, and I can tell you, for more than 50% of engagements I reviewed, the quality was bad. What is the biggest problem? There were no thoughts behind those work papers. You could tell the auditors did not put any judgment on what they were doing. They were just rushed through it without truly understanding the client, their business, and it risks. So whose fault it was? The partners. Why? They never set the right tone from the top. THERE IS NO SUCH CLUTURE IN BIG 4 TO ENCOURAGE THEIR STAFF ASKING QUESTIONS. The staffs were treated like machines. It was not a cool thing for them to challenge their managers or partners, of course, the client. They did not get proper training, but got put on the team to “get things done”. The only goal of engagement team was to complete the work under the budget.
Finally, Francine is not bias. She just asked those good questions that we are not allowed to discuss in the firms. Just read the article above, could you imagine any of big 4 partners would say to you that auditor’s client is actually the shareholder and investor in the company, not the company’s management? Of course not….
@98 – no one said you are a poor performer… the statement was that crying foul isn’t good enough… you need to provide some evidence and arguments to support that foul. Otherwise the cry is meaningless to anyone but you and your therapist (which you really seem to need if you do not have one).
@fm — seems you are just as greedy. You write things to incite people so you can get food for thought and more emotionally charged accusations in an effort to promote yourself and your opinion. As you say – it is about you and yourself. What is it really about — finding ways to self promote which will hopefully turn into ways for you to make $$$. Seems you intentionally write things to get an argument going — and you do want those that disagree to join your blogs. You are no more pure than those you criticize… not because you are evil — but cause no one is that pure.
Hey — does this count for the kind of drivel that will get you excited… will this one incite your loyal followers who can’t think for themselves. If so — that is my point. That this kind of language serves no purpose. Just watch the drivel that comes back.
I’m afraid I’ve raised your expectations too high. I am still working on the post which is Part 3 to “What I’d Do..” However, you should be looking to your own firm leadership, regulators, congress, the standard setters, and people with much more influence for “solutions.” My primary focus for the blog is to educate, raise awareness. I will offer “solutions” because I have worked in two Bg 4 firms and other professional services firms and seen what works. But I’m not the one you should be talking to if you’ve got a serious complaint.
Other stories sometimes supersede, such as the Satyam update. And I do have client work. Yes, I have clients and, no, to a previous commenter. I do not make the majority of my income from the blog, although that would be nice given the time I spend on it. I write, speak, and teach/train for others and I am a consultant. So, like others, sometimes real life intrudes on my desire to write all day and night.
@FM – maybe us “stinkin’ namby-pamby, goody-two-shoes, Big 4 defenders ” would take you more seriously if your writing wasn’t formatted similar to hate group propaganda. Your website has the front page look and feel of a newspaper but your articles read like sensationalist alarmism from someone who puts tinfoil on their ceiling to keep the government from brainwashing them with radio waves. Pull your references to old articles outside the body text and stop italicizing and bolding everything like your readers are too dumb to see the point without all the formatting. I can almost see you outside one of our offices with a bullhorn and some birkenstocks.
The system happens to be morally and likely, financially bankrupt. I seriously doubt the long term viability of the partnership system at this point.
It needs to be reformed pretty much no matter what. I think that deep down, the partners themselves probably know this. When you can pay for a stamp of approval that says that we feel that this company has followed GAAP (even when it has not) there is a problem. Sadly, accounting firms themselves are not farsighted enough to see this (or we would never be here), so someone else has to fix it.
This is about 4 oligopoly’s that a re FAILING at their mission and screwing everyone whilst they are at it.
It is OK to be a cheerleader for BIG 4 audit,but if you really LOVE it that much,you would be open to hearing about how the inherent problems can be fixed-the future viability and survival of BIG 4 AUDIT depends on this-the firms can only f**k up that many times,the jig will be up eventually.
Anony @103 — spot on post. It’s not the known audit failures that measure success or failure, but also the unknown ones hidden because of audit process flaws. One of the biggest problems is that the culture actively discourages independent thought and questioning of the status quo.
The Facts @ 102 — I don’t care what an academic article says about Andersen. Was it Duncan, the audit partner? Was it the Houston office acting rogue? Was it the move from a central partnership to decentralized regions/divisions? Was it management overrides of firm risk control processes? Was it an overzealous prosecutor bent on solving a political problem? Was it a judge whose jury instructions were improper?
Doesn’t matter. What does matter is that Andersen is gone, and its employees now scattered to the winds. Once Andersen was the gold standard of independence and objectivity, and now its reputation is tarnished forever. I was in the Big 5 when Andersen imploded, and I remember quite vividly that the leadership of the other firms made it absolutely clear that there should be no gloating or bad-mouthing of Andersen. Why? Because Andersen was not too different from the other firms, and what happened to Andersen could have happened to any of the other firms at any time.
In fact, it could still happen to any of the big accounting firms at any time. There have been few, if any, fundamental changes at the firms since the Andersen implosion. For example, when EY was being sanctioned by the SEC, it employed the same internal and external spin tactics that Andersen used (to similar effect). The same could be said for Deloitte with respect to its “rogue” insider trading senior leadership partner in Chicago, or for PwC’s India or Japan debacles, or for KPMG’s tax shelter litigation, etc…… If this blog has an overriding purpose (and only Fran knows if it does) — it might be to raise awareness that the same fundamental circumstances that took out Andersen still exist today … and the firms are just as vulnerable (if not more so) as they were in 2002.
Birkenstocks are not my style. Today I’m wearing Prada. And a pair of Louboutin patent leather pumps are in my suitcase. And I hardly need a bullhorn. My voice carries.
I’m still working with the format on this new WordPress site. Lots more to learn to make it easier to read and easier for me to review and edit. That’s why the site says Beta. I bold and italicize because, in a long post, I am trying to make sure you see certain points. Many of my readers are not as well versed in the inner workings of the firms and need have points emphasized. I’m gratified that instead of turning folks off, the long posts cause them to stay on the blog longer. Average time on the blog is > hour.
I choose the magazine format because a multifaceted resource is my goal and objective. I have a variety of different sources of information, opinion, and resources for readers. No other format seemed to accommodate that as well. Plus I like the photos, music, and video clips. I like it. And for those who need to have this material made relatively stimulating and entertaining to read, as well as made relevant to their business and personal life, the combination of words and pictures seems to work to capture their attention.
As a Big 4’er myself who can see both the good and bad side of the job, it seems to me that in order to make things better it is all a matter of time:
More time for partners to be involved in all aspects of the audit, especially risk assessments and face time with managers and client staff. Ditto managers with seniors. Ditto seniors with assistants
So, to avoid working 24 hours a day we need more partners and managers to spread the load and allow this coaching and effective review of work to occur…
But, as we all know, time = money so either firms pay more for their audits or senior Big 4 staff get paid less, neither of which is gonna happen IMHO, and which also assumes there are enough capable people to be partners / managers in what is an intellectually demanding job (when done right).
My personal opinion is that partners probably are overpaid – spending so much time trying to mirror the executives of the companies they audit they seem to think they should be paid the same (which is too much also, but that’s another story altogether)
On the other hand, I think audit committees (acting for shareholders i.e. The Client as FM started off) should not be looking for cheap audits, but quality. And another truism is that you get what you pay for Again, in this climate that ain’t gonna happen, but now is the time when audits have to be done right… Cue fee reduction negotiations by audit committees and layoffs by the Big 4 to maintain partner income and resulting lower quality audits right at the time when the capital markets need all the reassurance they can get.
I’m afraid there is no solution, as audit is effectively a public service run under a profit making business model. If it became a true public service and we were all on the government payroll and civil service salaries, I predict a mass exodus and we end up at the same point – overworked / underskilled staff.
Quick question, as I am supposed to be working at a client, not responding to comments today… But this will help me with some other writing I’m doing.
The government (i.e. taxpayers) now owns, both in US and abroad, significant portions of large companies that are important to smooth functioning of the capital markets. (Treasury Secretary G’s and Fed Chairman B’s words, not mine…) And I have proposed that the government, as a start, at least for those investments, should cut out the middle man and audit/monitor these investments directly. (After all, the audit firms that were “on the job” when companies like AIG, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, GM failed are still their auditors. How screwed up is that?)
This proposed move takes such a large chunk of work out of the private sector (Big 4 firms’ audit universe.) And as we have seen, even without this change the audit firms feel that their audit business is declining so they have to cut people to save their profits… And there are now quite a few audit and accounting professionals already looking for a new job and more to come…
Exactly where would all the “good” people work instead, if not for the government? Don’t you see the shift from private firm auditing to auditing on behalf of the taxpayer? Do you really think you will have a choice of where to work if this shift continues?
Well, I think it would be a brave partner who would leave his / her position in a Big 4 to be at the behest of a democratically elected government which is liable to change it’s mind on such issues on a whim…
I suppose that it could be forced, by passing laws that required public auditors to do this work (in the UK we have the National Audit Office which does a really good job on checking up on government spending from what I read – not sure if there is a US equivalent) who could be given the budget to lure away Big 4 staff.
However, it would be a huge operation to get all the necessary infrastructure, risk management, quality control, technical support etc etc etc systems up and running, with a risk you would spend a hell of a lot of money creating a Big 5, with the same people and same problems at the end of the day, just under a different roof. The public sector (rightly or wrongly) doesn’t have the best reputation for managing change, and everyone knows how expensive these things are…
For the Big 4 employees who don’t like the thought of working under a new regime, there is always the option of leaving practice altogether and getting a real job in the real productive economy (or what’s left of it) – with the experience you get at Big 4, I think any good senior / manager / partner would have very little trouble getting alternative employment, and for those of us below partner level, probably for at least the same money…
Unless you just go the whole hog and nationalise each of the Big 4, I don’t see practically how this could work. As I said earlier, there is a fundamental mismatch between the public sector service and private sector profit motive in auditing which makes this an intractible problem – and its not just in audit – think healthcare, public transport, public libraries – all areas which have become a disaster area when the profit motive has been introduced, in my country at least.
Up to this point, I’ve been an unapologetic capitalist, but if the only response to terrible leadership and treatment of the lower ranks in the B4 is to say, “it’s a business, deal with it,” I hereby proudly declare myself a commie. I’d like to think displaying a little humanity is not mutually exclusive to running a business.
I can understand the impulse to defend your firm(s), and it’s a good impulse if you occasionally take off the blinders and see the blunders being made. Big picture, a lot of what’s happening is panic, and does more harm to the respective firms’ image to the generation of professionals currently entering the workforce. They’re capitalists, too. But I suspect many talented people will look elsewhere to make their mark, and we’ll be worse off for our short-term thinking.
@110 – some of us do read it exactly for the reason of trying to learn about how people think and how they grow up… including themselves and including FM. As FM said herself — this blog is all about her. @J in @108 had it right.
Yes we do have a comparable office to National Audit Office, the General Accounting Office. There are also Inspector Generals for each department that have some audit responsibility but as we have seen with the SEC, usually only spring into action when they have to criminally investigate something.
My point about working in the public sector is that there really isn’t a choice and may soon be no choice, even for partners. Two firms here, Deloitte and EY are cutting them and the others demoting them or cutting their draw. The opportunity cost of “leaving” may be diminished soon and is already nonexistent for some.
The infrastructure to audit/monitor government and taxpayer investments is already in place. Just needs to scale, which I admit may be harder than it looks. But the existing regulatory, inspecting and auditing organizations need to to start hiring folks out of school and setting up the infrastructure to train them. The Big 4 is not going to be doing much spoon feeding recruits to them anymore.
@116 — I believe that the capitalism argument is not that drastic. I believe we all understand there are deficiencies in the B4 whether we defend them or attack them. I have been a defender on this blog — but I have plenty of gripes about the work environment. I am just not convinced that the scathing attacks in this blog are generally constructive or even appropriate.
So let’s talk about what doesn’t work. There is a culture of hierarchy to the point of disrespect (at times). People gain respect simply by the title they have and not by the work they do or the value they add. People do not work well in teams because they feel the hierarchy is what matters and not good teaming in which there is upward/downward/sideways and inside out communication — in which all team members are valued. I have created a very different team (not audit) where we do those things. I empower the junior staff to take ownership and even ask them to manage me — by giving me status, bringing the appropriate issues to me and knowing that I am juggling 10 jobs whereas they are juggling 1-2. I have them giving a shout out to each other before they go to me… and problem solving amongst themselves. I hold regular brainstorming meetings, I hold them responsible to QA each other first and then I QA — and we hold peer review meetings. But, I feel like this team is an island at the B4.
What else doesn’t work — the way they schedule people — asssign them to jobs. It is totally dysfunctional. Also, the recognition procedures are out of whack. We get extra bonuses sometimes — but they are not given out based on consistent criteria. People who worked a ton of hours but F’ed up the job may get the bonus $ just cause of the hours. People who work a lot of hours on 1 job may get it, but do that across 5 jobs consistently and no one job thinks you are a superstar. Managers focus on engagements rather than a team that can be spread across many jobs. Managers are so shortsighted to their engagement that the practice development is staggeringly deficient.
All that said — I cannot blast the B4 for raping and abusing people (yet I haven’t gotten home before 11 pm for weeks and also had to work the weekend)… it doesn’t happen all the time like this. The excessive hours are not because people were laid off — no one in my practice and office was laid off — and we are crazy busy with work… no end in sight. That is a good thing right now — if that gives me and my teamjob security… abuse away..
Some people here are trying to get constructive and look at solutions… I think we should all try to go there now — let’s let go of the emotion and get constructive.
With your approach and attitude, there would be no audits done as no audit firms would exist because you would never retain a client. If one firm acted as you suggest and the other Big 4 didn’t, the firm that acted as such would have no business at all.
I find all this bashing on the Big 4 intriguing, especially related to AIG. Did PwC make the decisions to enter a boatload of credit default swaps? No. Does PwC run the risk management of AIG? No. Are there risk factors in 10-K’s that investors can read? Yes. Auditors only make sure the financial statements are not materially misstated and that the disclosures meet the minimum requirements of the SEC. Stop pretending PwC ran the business transactions of AIG or had any responsibility for telling them not to enter certain transactions. If there wasn’t enough info for investors, blame the SEC for not having rigorous disclosure requirements.
Why is it so shocking that the Big 4 is still the same on AIG, Fannie Mae, etc…(although I think there actually have been switches with Fannie/Freddie)? These weren’t botched audits. You act like PwC, EY, DT, KPMG were supposed to issue press releases on these companies with negative news. Management is responsible for disclosing key business items, auditors just make sure they meet the SEC requirements.
The layout on the front page is decent. My gripe is more with the style of writing — it reminds of 9/11 truthers and emails that claim Obama is secretly a Muslim terrorist.
If you have noticed I have garnered some support among your commenters. I think if you took a more serious tone in your writing the big4 defenders would take you more seriously. I put you closer to a 9/11 Truth website than the New York Times I think playing a little more to the middle would actually generate *more* support for your cause rather than less.
Fortunately I am not an accountant or an auditor or I wouldn’t even be able to afford to type out the word Prada.
That’s pretty funny. This is a blog… My blog. Not the New York Times. It’s more or less an open forum, but a mediated one, and I am the mediator.
Your commentary, any commentary, is at my pleasure. I appreciate constructive discussion of the issues I’m presenting, pro and con, and constructive critique of how I can make the information clearer and more complete. I also like to hear about other issues and stories that readers would like me to write about. Many email or call me off line to give feedback. Actually, many more than comment do so, if you can imagine. The feedback comes from all kinds of people. Most who contact me off line are at senior levels in the firms, industry, journalists, and law firms. They are not comfortable commenting. So actually the commenters are a skewed set of either the fearless or those that believe themselves immunized from any retribution. A few are independent enough to sign their name. Those who choose or have to remain anonymous, even off line, are at a disadvantage in my mind. I can’t judge age, experience, perspective, agenda, etc even though all of those things about me are fully on display for you.
My style of writing, and the point of view, won’t be changing. Not by a long shot. I’m not interested in the least convincing Big 4 defenders to “take me seriously.” Perhaps you should ask the Financial Times, the Wall Street Journal, Compliance Week, and all the others who’ve linked to me if they think my writing sounds like a “9/11 truther” or anti-Obama rant?
You are welcome to start your own blog with a tone you feel is appropriate to the subject matter. Let me know when you do.
This is a disparity between your comment and presence of this site. If you didn’t care about swaying opinion, you wouldn’t spend time developing this site, which is clearly a major time investment.
I don’t have time to blog and I don’t care that much about the topic. I actually only added this to my RSS feed to use a second source to confirm any layoff rumors that come up. There hasn’t been much content like that lately (perhaps since that is not the intent of the blog) so perhaps I will unsubscribe.
I wouldn’t expect you to change your point of view. But I think my advice to play more to the middle would generate more readers and productive conversations about the topics you are clearly passionate about.
Do you have a post that explain what you think the responsibility of the Big4 is. One of your articles seems to indicate they are responsible for the financial meltdown. Not being an accountant myself I thought their job was to certify the financial statements were accurate to published standards, and not to advise companies how to run their businesses.
Maybe you were not aware that there was an auditor switch with Fannie Mae because Fannie Mae’s shareholders are suing KPMG and KPMG is suing Fannie Mae over its audit?
I do care about educating and raising awareness of the role and responsibilities of the audit industry in the financial system, the capitalist system. It’s an underreported topic unless there’s a crisis or big lawsuit. I’m happy with the readership, both in depth and breadth. I will probably hit 1,000,000 page views in the next month or so.
I don’t have a post, that I can recall, that lays it all out in a nice neat package. That’s why there’s over 700 posts and why I’ve been writing for more than two years with no end in sight and no problem finding examples that illustrate my perspective. It’s a complex subject and a long discussion, which is why my original objective was only to build up an audience for such a book. But if you’re tired of my voice, look at this post and try some of the other linked-to authors. I’m not alone in my opinions.
As far a swaying opinion, I have few ways to measure that. I can measure impact in terms of how many read the blog, what kind of people read the blog, how involved they are, and what kind of feedback I get. But that’s a measurement of awareness and understanding of my point of view and the information I present, not of whether I have changed their hearts and minds. As an accountant and auditor, a CPA, I do what can be measured. It’s ingrained.
I appreciate your thoughts and hope you keep reading. I’ve written so much about the layoffs, it’s starting to feel repetitive to me. The cuts continue and I did not set out to focus on staffing issues alone. It happened and it provides a prime example of the mismanagement for the firms on so many levels. And it’s the issue many readers are interested in right now, since it hits them close to home. But the issues are bigger than any particular staffing action in any firm. Those kinds of short-term, reactive measures will continue if the larger issues are not understood and addressed constructively.
I’m a Gemini. I’m an over-communicator. A blog, ideally is a conversation, not a one-sided lecture. That’s why all the comments are interesting and gratifying to me. I just wish some commenters would read the older posts. I seem to have to keep repeating… Oh well…
Dear FM: My comment was directed to J. I get a kick out people defending the indefenisble (such as the Big 4’s way of conducting “business” these days).
You are doing a great job here…or rather, you have provided a mechanism to expose the underbelly of the big 4 more specifically of deloitte partners, managers/senior managers who until now discreetly went about their nasty business with people not figuring out what happened and why…now we are all aware and can see through those pathetic folks….
“Fortunately I am not an accountant or an auditor or I wouldn’t even be able to afford to type out the word Prada.”
“Do you have a post that explain what you think the responsibility of the Big4 is. One of your articles seems to indicate they are responsible for the financial meltdown. Not being an accountant myself I thought their job was to certify the financial statements were accurate to published standards, and not to advise companies how to run their businesses.”
Re: While it is true that auditors are not there to advise companies on how to run their business, my understanding is that auditors issue a going concern statement. In theory, that should involve some analysis of a company’s risky activities. It seems logical to assume that since auditors by principle should be professionally skeptical and that auditors are responsible for going concern, the financial crisis is well within the scope of their jurisdiction. Correct me if i’m wrong.
I don’t know if the audit model is broken, but at the very least, it’s damaged. I’m sure this has been discussed, but when an auditor becomes dependent financially on a client to remain solvent and pay its fees, how can true independence exist? How reluctant would a firm be to issue a qualified opinon? Isn’t that almost like shooting your revenue pipeline? Sure, you can argue that firms won’t take on excessive risk for reward. But short-term thinking and greed takes over in some instances.
Correct – in the short term mistakes are often made for the sake of immeidate cash/revenue. In the long run protecting one’s reputation will generate a stable and profittable business. I think you have struck another point that adds to the only major comment this post has really produced… the point being that the people paying the bills are not the true client and that this compromises independence. If you add that point to the fact that short term thinking (which is more likely in financial downturns) results in short term decision-making (i.e., not producing the quality work that will maintain your reputation)… then you might have the basis of the “broken model”. This combination is deadly if placed in the wrong hands. This comment is interesting to me.
I agree. In theory, in the long run protecting one’s reputation will generate stable and profitable business. That’s a line the firm keep throwing out there. There’s still that inherent risk that partners will ignore it. My limited understanding of what goes on in the upper levels is that partners are actively encouraged to generate business.
@m – they have to generate business. They cannot live solely by reputation. Reputation helps maintain annuity clients, repeat (yet not so regular) clients, and via word of mouth bring in new clients. But the growth of that model isn’t particularly fast. Most entrepreneurs seek faster growth and growth beyond the stable and sustainable. They want to “expand”. True expansion requires actively generating new business while still maintaining that reputation.
In my experience, keeping the client happy takes precedence over being the bearer of bad news. Not to stop the news totally but at least to water it down significantly…….
In my experience it is my job to listen to the client and to find ways to tell them when they are making mistakes or applying a poor methodology. However, once I’ve said my peace, it is their decision to make and it is time to step back and let them run their business. In my experience the client with any integrity want me to tell them the truth, as I see it, good or bad. That is what makes clients happy — if and only if you are right or at a minimum present valuable insight for them to consider.
@136: I totally agree. However often short term and longer term goals do not align. Long term, hearing and learning from an independent (in a general sense) view of the cold hard truth should make the client stronger, short term it takes on a more personal and troublesome tone for those involved if the news is not good. Telling the client things are getting better while justifying internally why something isn’t a big audit issue (when it should be) is not the right way to do it – but it happens….and just happens to keep the client feeling better about themselves.
Click the link above subscribe to my RSS feed. You can use a free RSS reader such as Google's Reader to receive and read my posts. I can also be found on Twitter @retheauditors.
November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 April 2018 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 May 2017 April 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006
Francine McKenna (@retheauditors) is the Transparency Reporter at MarketWatch.com, a Dow Jones publication, where her work is also featured frequently in the Wall Street Journal. McKenna had more than twenty-five years of experience in consulting and professional services including tenure at two Big 4 firms, both in the US and abroad before becoming a journalist. Look for her prior columns, "Accounting Watchdog" at Forbes.com and "Accountable" at American Banker. For more information, click "About" at the bottom of this page. For more information contact Francine McKenna, fmckenna@mckennapartners.com
Powered by WordPress | Entries (RSS) | Comments (RSS) | Based on the Mimbo theme Modifed by Wise Elephant
NEW YORK and CHICAGO – PricewaterhouseCoopers has entered into a definitive merger agreement where PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Diamond Management & Technology Consultants for $12.50 per share in an all-cash deal.
The transaction represents a premium of 31 percent to Diamond’s closing share price of $9.54 on 23 August, valuing Diamond at around $378 million…
When Mark O’Conner of Monadnock Research asked for my initial reaction to the PwC/Diamond deal, I had to admit I hadn’t thought much about it. Diamond Technology, a true-blue Chicago born and bred company, is small potatoes. Diamond never achieved the billion dollar revenue goals the founder had dreamed about. Mel Bergstein is reputed to be a lot like a lot of former Arthur Andersen partners – an egomaniac. Huron Consulting provides another recent example. Their egos get in the way of realistic business sense and their self-serving grasp frequently exceeds their true market reach.
There are Chicago River tour boat-size stories here about Diamond, which used to be called Diamond Cluster. But I knew more about the firm based on my attendance in 2003 at Harvard Business School’s Leading Professional Services Firms executive education program. We discussed a case study on Bergstein and Diamond called, “Diamond In The Rough.”
The HBS case study was created in February of 1999 and discusses Mel Bergstein, his co-founder Chris Moffitt, and the challenges they faced during the first two years of the firm, 1994-1996.
Old colleagues and friends, they had doubled Diamond in each of its first two years from nothing to $12.8 million in 1994 to $26.3 in 1995. Earlier in 1996 they had planned to double again. The information technology consulting and systems integration market was huge and rapidly growing…Bergstein and Moffitt, having been part of this industry for decades, believed there was a need for an independent and objective voice that could assess the needs of a digital strategy without being biased toward trying to sell a big outsourcing or systems integration job. They estimated that this independent advice market was approximately 10% of the total market, or $10 billion…In April at the beginning of Diamond’s third fiscal year, two major clients, representing 50% of the prior quarter’s revenues, had pulled out of deals. All of the partners had hunted up projects to cover these losses, but their heroic efforts produced only damage control. Having lost $0.7 million in the past quarter, Diamond was now operating below break-even. To add to the seriousness of the situation, a long-planned IPO was imminent; Diamond had recently offered jobs with signing bonuses of $20,000 to $30,000 each to 50 MBAs, 28 of whom had accepted; and staff and employees were expecting their standard year-end bonuses (which were budgeted between $1.5 million and $2 million). Now, all this was on hold…
Diamond finally IPO’d in 1997. At the end of fiscal 2010 in March, Diamond Technology reported revenues of $210 million. 2009 revenues of $175 million were a 17% drop from 2008’s of $205 million. EBITDA is flat 2008 to 2010 with a loss of almost $16 million in 2009.
I said to Mark O’Connor, “Frankly I don’t see the point of PwC buying this tiny firm given all its legacy issues. The cult of Mel Bergstein was well documented by Harvard Business School. PricewaterhouseCoopers is grasping at straws.”
This acquisition price is a multiple of 1.2 times revenues. Huron and Navigant, two other Chicago-based publicly traded consultancies, had market capitalization to revenue ratios of between .63 and .71, respectively, at the close of trading on 24 August.In addition to the BearingPoint transactions, several other recent deals have concluded at multiples far smaller than what PwC and Diamond have agreed upon. So it appears to be an attractive deal for most Diamond shareholders.
Most Diamond shareholders… That would be Diamond’s employees and directors who own about 30% of the company. Mel Bergstein, who limited his role to Chairman after he acceded to a succession plan and gave up the CEO job in September of 2005 when revenue declined and the company posted a quarterly loss, will make the most. He still owns more than 1 million shares. That should put more than $14 million in his pocket.
What happened after PwC bought Bearing Point and its “highly talented professionals with a proven track record of consistently delivering world class service” ? That’s the way PwC US Chairman Bob Moritz describes the Diamond consultants. First, PwC rescinded all the offers to BearingPoint professionals who were on a visa of any sort. Then, last November, they cut 300+ of their own consulting professionals to make room for the BearingPoint gurus of their new SAP/Oracle systems integration practice.
PwC’s gross revenues from operations for global member firms in 2009 were $26.17 billion, down from $28.19 billion in the same 2008 period. The firm’s Advisory services revenues were hardest hit by the recession of all PwC business areas, down 11.4 percent to $6.11 billion.
Mark O’ Connor at Monadnock Research again did the math and shocked even me with the enormity of what PwC has offered for, what we assume will be, most of Diamond’s consultants – that is if those technology consultants really want to work under the constraints of a public accounting firm:
Diamond has 532 consultants and 652 total employees at the firm. PwC’s acquisition cost was close to $580,000 per employee. But since many administrative staffers will likely become redundant post-transaction, the more relevant figure is acquisition cost per client-facing professional, which is a little more than $710,000 per consultant. Annualized revenue per Diamond employee was $393,000, unchanged from the prior period.
Diamond’s attrition increased to 17 percent on an annualized basis in Q1 of Fiscal 2011. That’s up from 14 percent in the prior period ended in March, and 13 percent in the same period last year. The increase in voluntary attrition indicates increased mobility in an economic environment that had shown signs of improvement, with professionals moving to client organizations and to other firms.
Diamond and PwC have been talking since March. Did some of the employees bail out before they were signed on as sterile strategists for an ineffective firm struggling under the weight of consulting “leadership” with audit-shaped heads? I know for sure that there were significant groups of BearingPoint consultants that would have rather masticated glass shards than work for a public accounting firm again. They took their teams to firms like CSC rather than join Deloitte and especially PwC.
I was quoted in the Monadnock Research note: “PwC tried to buy experienced ERP professionals and their revenue stream with the BearingPoint deal. Now they’re buying IT strategy leadership and Diamond’s revenue stream. Maybe successful technology professionals won’t go to work for an accounting firm unless they’re bought and paid for at a premium.”
PwC has potentially bought a pig in a poke. Hopefully they negotiated lock-ups for key revenue producing consultants, validated current revenues and reported client receivables, and quantified the value of only free and clear clients that will be able to produce for them in the future. Otherwise they’re likely to find the business they thought they bought vaporizing within 18 months. After all, Diamond has not changed much since those heady days of 1996 when they lost two major clients, representing 50% of the prior quarter’s revenues, and went into a tailspin.
From the Monadnock Research report: Diamond’s top 5 clients represent 42 percent of the firm’s net revenues, flat from the prior period, but up from 34 percent in the same period a year ago. So Diamond has increased its business dramatically with a few very large clients. This has been a trend for many large and mid-sized consulting firms over the last 18 months. But the trend also presents risks to clients and firms if those client relationships must terminate as a result of an acquisition. This will likely be the case for a number of strategic Diamond client relationships if the acquisition concludes.
While Diamond does not disclose its revenues by client, it is highly probable that Diamond will need to end its relationships with some of them due to conflicts with PwC as their auditor. The firm has particular exposure in Financial Services and insurance, its largest industry segments, where clients like Goldman Sachs and American Express, both audited by PwC, present obvious conflicts. Goldman Sachs may be among Diamond’s top 5 clients.
PwC had better make sure that the entrepreneurial former Arthur Andersen partner Bergstein does not make the same mistake the former Arthur Andersen Huron guys made and pay off favorite folks without accounting for it properly.
Wait… PwC is Huron’s auditor. PwC certainly knows how to help Diamond make everyone happy this time without getting caught.
Presumably, the goal is to solicit PWC;s non-auditing services to the Diamond clients and Diamond services to the PWC client base. I guess the MBAs that dream up this stuff call it synergies. My view is that this stuff sounds good in the classroom and in presentations but it just doesn’t work in practice. What will probably happen is that Diamond will get a referral from PWC and Diamond will overbill or perform badly for the PWC client and PWC will get a referral from Diamond and PWC will overbill or perform badly for the Diamond client. In the end, they will drag each other down.That’s not the way its suppposed to work but that is probably what will happen.
David @ 1 –Yes, I believe you are correct. Step 1 will be to get Diamond to the existing PwC Advisory clients. And Step 2 will be to use Diamond to drive sales of other service offerings. E.g., the SAP/Oracle systems integration practice.
In other words, I’m agreeing with your speculation that the strategy is to use Diamond as a driver, but I’m guessing it’s a driver for the stalled Bearing Point service offerings. Kind of like what they hoped Internal Audit would do for the other Advisory offerings, back in the days when IA was part of PwC Advisory. I bet there’s a Power Point presentation somewhere at PwC, with a chart that’s got a circle of Advisory service offerings surrounding a diamond (get it?). And there will be arrows from the diamond to the offerings, showing how Diamond’s strategic advisors will open the door for the other offerings to pitch their stuff, if not actually recommend such offerings as a matter of course.
The issue is, Diamond’s services seem to consist of providing “an independent and objective voice that could assess the needs of a digital strategy without being biased toward trying to sell a big outsourcing or systems integration job.” It’s going to be tough to uphold that branding when your clients see you trying to sell a big outsourcing or systems integration job.
I could be wrong, though. I have no inside insight into the inner workings of PwC Advisory. But I don’t see any other strategy that makes sense, given the dollars involved. Even if the strategy seems to have a fatal flaw built into it.
I remember that Power Point at PwC where Internal Audit Advisory was supposed to be the driver for other Advisory work. I also remember a surprising number of internal audit resources supporting Sarbanes Oxley work as co-sourced staff augmentation (this was 2005-2006) and then a surprising amount of all other Advisory IT “strategists” also doing SOX documentation.
Sox is not bringing in the cash anymore, PwC is not getting the big systems implementation jobs, it’s cheaper to outsource to their Indian operation, so what are companies going to be willing to pay for stateside when its run by an audit firm rather than “an independent and objective voice that could assess the needs of a digital strategy without being biased…” ?
I think “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds” (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGFlkcnZRFI) might’ve been a better Beatles song to link to this post. Besides the obvious connection, somebody at PwC is hallucinating (or worse) that this will make financial sense for them… Should be a fun trip.
Maybe this could turn out to be one of the smartest moves by PwC Advisory. If the sale does not go through PwC may collect $9.0 million.
The directors also agreed to a $9 million termination fee that “deters and prevents the submission of higher proposals,” shareholders’ lawyers said in the suit.
[…] Tuesday’s agenda includes a presentation on Deal Pitfalls and Effective Due Diligence. It’s my chance to listen to some super smart lawyers talk about growing your business the old fashioned way – buying it. […]
re: The Auditors » Blog Archive » Auditors and Consulting: Claims Of No Conflict Strain Credibility on February 14th, 2011 at 5:19 pm:
[…] rebuilding their consulting arms. All the largest accounting firms, including Deloitte, are making acquisitions and hiring to expand consulting practices. Fee increases from advising companies on Sarbanes Oxley […]
What are your thoughts on PwC’s recently announced intended acquisition of PRTM Management Consultants and how it fits in the context of this article, ie likely successes, challenges, pitfalls, etc.
I don’t think this acquisition is much different than the Diamond one. The same dynamics and independence pitfalls exist. Mark O’Connor wrote about this acquisition for his site, Monadnock Research. That’s subscription only, so I’ll excerpt the basics:
Balancing the dual auditor/consultant role, and the overall impact on the mix of advisory business to audit and attest work, is a challenge that firms have struggled with for decades. We delved into that issue in-depth a recent Research Note, Honest Services Crisis, which was originally published at re:TheAuditors.
PwC had the largest audit practice in relative proportion to its advisory groups in a recent Monadnock Research study of 2010 fiscal year-end results of the Big Four firms. Since PwC also has the largest proportion of the Big Four audit market at 29.53 percent, it had more areas of potential conflict to police. So as we expected, its advisory practice was smaller in relative size at the time.
PwC’s clients in financial services will be impacted the least. The only strategic financial services sector served by PRTM is private equity and in that sector it is PRTM’s strategic and operational expertise in software, communications and high tech that is the focus of that work, not the private equity business itself. And most private equity firms are private with limited public accounting reporting requirements.
Clients with the most exposure in PwC’s portfolio, outside of high tech and communications, are in manufacturing, industrial, aerospace, defense, automotive, energy, chemicals, process industries, consumer goods, retail, electronics, health care, and some segments of public services.
We cautioned PwC in Honest Services Crisis that the firm’s rapid expansion of its advisory group with the Diamond acquisition, combined with its strategic intent to rapidly expand via acquisition which is further evidenced by the PRTM deal, will strain its ability to police conflicts.
Mel Bergstein, management consultant who saw more than tech in IT, dies at 74 – Finance News | US-China News on January 12th, 2017 at 9:38 am:
[…] To stay afloat while companies were slashing technology spending, DiamondCluster became more traditional, advising clients on how to cut costs and improve productivity. In fiscal 2006, when the bottom line again turned red, Bergstein ceded the CEO position. He remained chairman until PwC bought the firm, by this time named Diamond Management and Technology Consultants, for $378 million, or $12.50 per share. […]
by: Paul Dowsett, SUSTAINABLE.TO Architecture + Building Months after 2005’s Hurricane Katrina, Toronto architect Paul Dowsett journeyed to New Orleans to see for himself the impact of the deadly storm and flooding on the area’s housing stock. At first, he was surprised to see that many century-old homes had remained habitable after months of no power, while newer buildings, riddled with mold, had to be condemned. Looking more closely, he realized the older homes, designed before [...]
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use the Site in standard view. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To use standard view, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options.
Find information on millions of automobile license plate numbers from all over the world in our website asphaultadventures.com's database. Country of registration, owner, any associated fines - all of this is available just by looking up the vehicle's license plate number.
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number 913EO. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate 913EO has been searched for 55 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
The resource centre for busy senior executives seeking the latest insights into IT Compliance & Privacy issues for major organizations
Despite antitrust pressures and complaints from partners (turned competitors), Microsoft announced that EU regulators have given it the go-signal to release its new operating system, Vista, without dropping any key security features.
A high-ranking Microsoft executive claimed that the enhanced security features in Vista will render third-party antivirus software useless. Irked, pure-play security vendors like McAfee and Symantec, claimed they were at a disadvantage since they were denied access to key parts of the new operating system, which thus impeded their development efforts. Microsoft announced that Vista , the first major upgrade since XP in 2001, will be released to major business clients by November 30 2006 and available to the public by January 30 next year.
In line with this, Microsoft rolled out Internet Explorer 7 for Windows XP months before the big release of Vista. Available for download now, the IE7 Web browser upgrade offers users fortified security which will combat malware and phishing. In cooperation with VeriSign and other Certificate Authorities (CA), Microsoft's new IE7 will feature extended validation (EV) SSL, which features increased scrutiny of organizations and more prominent display of certificate details.
Instead of having to refer to the tiny padlock icon, users can turn their attention to IE7's new address bar which turns green for sites with EV SSL, white for neutral pages (standard SSL certificates), and red for dodgy sites. The color-coded address bars will be released in conjunction with Vista 's release.
Firms who want the “green for go” color associated with their site will have to pay a premium to get hold of an EV SSL (around 150% of standard SSL). VeriSign's first wave of EV certificates will be issued to PayPal and Amazon. The collaborative effort between Microsoft and VeriSign are crucial first steps in spurring demand for Web site certificates. Already, Microsoft is planning to launch a public awareness campaign when it releases Vista , aimed at making extended validation a norm in the industry. EV's premium prices and anticipated rise in demand can only mean good news for VeriSign's SSL business.
As excited as I was about yesterday’s page, I was equally frustrated by today’s. In fact, it was difficult to push through creating and even more difficult to want to write about it. At one point I said, I do not like this at all!
I assured her that hate was a strong word which I wasn’t ready to use. A few minutes later I was ready.
While reading in Psalms this morning, I was eager to choose a word. It was almost mercy from 123, but when I reached the end of 124, I knew it was bird. An image came to mind that I wanted to create, much like yesterday’s thistle.
I envisioned an open cage with a bird flying from it or maybe a trap or something that looked like a trap with a bird escaping. I wanted to portray being set free and freedom. I also wanted to use watercolors again, because I loved yesterday’s look so much.
It’s today, though. A new day. A different one. What worked yesterday was not going to work today. This became painfully obvious shortly after I painted the background. When I added colorful triangles around the border that I thought would look like a trap, they didn’t.
I have lots of ready cut pictures of birds. All perching, not flying. I did not have time to search for a flying bird. I was hoping to get this page knocked out quickly. Instead it was knocking me out.
Looking through my cut pictures, I chose one of the perching birds. I was also drawn to a house shown from the side with manicured shrubs and rose bushes lining its brick walkway. I glued it on. It took up most of the page.
I decided to perch the bird in a tree, so I found some branches and glued them on the page. I cut random parts of other trees for the leaves and perched the bird. This is what my work space looked like all morning. I felt as if I were working upside-down and backwards as I tried to compose the page.
This is the end result looking nothing like I imagined. I have gone from hating it to tolerating it to loving it. As I study what I was drawn to add to the picture and where I could or could not place things, I see how the bottom and left side are more structured, rigid, and formal. There is movement to the right and upwards where the bird is. This area is less structured, more playful, and free-flowing.
I find my words on the opposite page ironic. This is my style, my touch, the way I show up. And. It’s. Okay. I totally showed up in this space as myself today. I could not hold it back, no matter how hard I tried to do it the right way.
I share this as encouragement to continue to trust the process, wherever you are in it. Today looked nothing like what I planned time wise and picture wise. I battled perfectionism and self-doubt and fear. There was anxiety. Then I stepped away and looked back.
This entry was posted in creating, imagine and tagged Art Journal Page, bird, fall, flowers, process on October 24, 2018 by Julie.
Morning coffee at my parents with my uncle. Glad to be here while my heart misses there. #allendercenter #theseattleschool #morningcoffee
This update graced my Facebook status Saturday morning. With a full heart I continued to wrestle and sort out all the feelings surrounding the Externship program and not stepping into it this year. Among hugs and sympathetic remarks, a dear friend commented, Give it three more years.
Though an inside joke for us, in that moment I realized that I had grown, am growing, will continue to grow through this process! My ability to read and hear her words as a statement of hope and not despair was a huge indicator that good work is happening in my heart.
The last time she mentioned three years , I was not hopeful. I was angry, stuck, and lost. I felt forgotten and left behind. Now I believe that I am right where I belong, and that it is a good place. I know that three years will look both better and worse, and that I can plan and dream but there are no guarantees surrounding outcomes.
Earlier this week another friend texted a picture that she took during my first weekend in Seattle. We were at the market downtown enjoying Sunday afternoon together before my flight home.
I was caught off guard by how well the image depicted exactly how I was feeling the moment it came through. Wistful, longing, ponderous, contemplative. All of the above. I remembered how I felt in that moment as I let settle all that had stirred in me after that first weekend.
I remembered her kindness to offer space while showing me all of the best downtown places and sharing her beautiful heart with mine. It was such a kind time. Neither of us knew what we were stepping into at the beginning or how it would look in the end.
I only know that she and her husband were the first I told I was considering the program. I was curious to see if they would be willing to host me. They enthusiastically cheered me on, welcoming me into their home and life on the realest of real terms. This family became mine as they graciously opened their home and hearts each of the four weekends.
We sat together on Tuesday, separated by thousands of miles, joined by technology for a brief time of texting as I responded to the picture. I expressed gratitude for her following the prompt to send it to me. It was perfect. She jumped in as we caught up on life and shared heart space in the midst of mothering.
Three years. I will be 50 then. Another son will be 18 and my youngest will all be teenagers. Things will look very different. That intention sounds promising. It allows space for presence, not wishing away the time but fully engaging it.
This entry was posted in Allender Center, memories, travel and tagged hope, process, remember, truth on September 27, 2018 by Julie.
My day began with these words. Pondering the privilege of discovery I wrote, Jesus, what will I discover today? Little did I know. It is only half over.
This day is full of mixed feelings. My heart is acutely aware of its longings and desires and the difficulty of being finite. As dear friends converge in Seattle to begin Externship training and others gather in Austin in anticipation of the Brave On conference, I am here doing what I have been called to in this season.
I have been called to stay and uncover what it is God has for me in this place, under my own roof, with my own people. Instead of packing a suitcase and saying goodbye, I am unpacking our story and saying, I’m here.
Teen son was up and about early enough to drive. I sat in the passenger seat and Little Mae was in the back. The careful drive began.
At a slow intersection while stopped at a sign, student driver put the car in park to adjust his seat. There were no other cars around, it was not a dangerous situation, but my anxiety began to mount.
Opening my mouth to begin a lecture, another sound came from the back seat. A frantic, terrified, gutteral scream rose from somewhere inside Little Mae. My heart stopped as I looked out the side window, fully expecting to see that we were the victims of a car-jacking.
I spoke in the calmest of voices, fully expecting a lunge, scurry, or sudden movement from the spider and the ensuing chaos that an inexperienced driver and panicked 10 year old would bring.
I was not thinking that I would have to feel the spider through the tissue as I gripped it gently and tossed it out my window that, somehow, I had rolled down. I felt it. I did not squish it.
A collective sigh released from us all as the driver took the left he had planned. We debriefed the series of events and how good it was that the car was stopped and not driving. We laughed and maybe cried (not the driver), and my heart continued racing, flooded with adrenaline, well beyond morning drop-off.
Washing breakfast dishes, I looked up to see a pink flower blooming on the hanging plant above the sink. It is a transplant of this one and a special sign to me. I posted its picture on social media and a friend commented tradescantia/spiderwort.
Of course! Spider redemption, if only in word form. I had to laugh as I rejoiced that I now had a focus for today’s writing.
This entry was posted in Allender Center, mothering, tree of life moments, writing and tagged cry, laugh, mother, process, trust on September 20, 2018 by Julie.
I know it feels like fall. School is back in session. Football games have begun. Life has resumed routine. Morning drives to school find me facing a blinding low-rising sun in the eastern sky. Pumpkin Spice Lattes are back.
Today I celebrated that truth by stepping off into the deep end of my daughter and son-in-law’s pool and swimming to the other side. It was my first time in the water this summer. The sensation was lovely.
My intention was to try to turn around the funk that seems to have settled around my shoulders, pressing into my heart. Surely water and sunshine would wash it away.
Several of my kids and my husband joined me. Others sat on the edge. We talked and laughed. We played games.
I wish I could say I left my troubles at the bottom of the pool with the leaves that have begun dropping, but it is not that easy. I wish I could say that I have leaned from Dewey to just live in the moment.
This afternoon brought laughter and connection and escape. It brought exercise and fresh air and a son-in-law who grilled hamburgers while we swam in his pool.
It brought goodness and kindness and another reminder that even when life is hard and unpredictable and wearisome, there is beauty and joy and love.
This entry was posted in celebrating, hospitality, tree of life moments and tagged beauty, breathe, Dewey, joy, love, play, process, summer, truth on September 3, 2018 by Julie.
Her smiling face sits down across from me in the coffee shop. She wears a colorful print top in shades of blue tied with a loose bow at the scooped neckline. A dragonfly pendant accents the look. With all of this loveliness, it is her smile that draws me in, open and kind.
Actually I am attempting to work, but I am not succeeding. Not yet, anyway. I am using a window of time in between band camp drop off at 7:45 and a 9:00 snack help shift to collect my thoughts. I say as much as I close notebook and planner, creating more room on the surface of the small table for two.
I’m trying to atone for all the years I couldn’t help when my older kids were in band and I was home with the littles.
Her smile remains open and kind, but her eyes pierce through to my soul. I steadily continue engagement, feeling the pain of that truth landing somewhere deep. Laughingly I agree, trying to explain how I am somewhat kidding.
No, I’ve heard you speak that way before. I think it really needs to be kinder. We do what we can. The guilt is thick there.
In two minutes she has heard my sound bite and nailed it to the point that tears come to my eyes as the conversation comes to mind. I am reminded of why I love this woman and am grateful for her presence in my life whenever our paths intersect.
She is on her way to work, waiting for coffee to brew, a treat to herself on this first day back. We have precious few minutes to connect, but they go deep and real. Quick summer updates from each of us follow until I see her tall to-go cup placed on the counter by the barista and know our time is up.
She rises to collect her order and continue moving through her day. Pushing open the coffee shop door, she turns and says, Give the band kids love from this mama.
This entry was posted in grace, writing and tagged coffee, laugh, mother, process, truth on August 9, 2018 by Julie.
The post is first in my Facebook feed when I wake this morning. Shared by a family friend is an obituary for a young woman I met and knew briefly as Cassie when she was a girl and teenager. Our families crossed paths when I was a young mom with small children of my own, her mother a season ahead of me.
I am better acquainted with her oldest sister who taught with me at the school back in the day and her oldest brother who was a friend to my youngest brother. Even then, I was so wrapped up in my own newly-minted adult life that I was not engaged with them on a relational level.
Still. there are people whose lives touch yours who feel like family because of the seasons you have shared or the events you have experienced together. This young woman was born into a family that crossed paths with mine during the 90’s and early 00’s. We attended weddings, church services, picnics, and celebrations together. I remember her and her younger sister as the ages of two of my girls now, teen and tween.
It brought great sadness and deep grief to read of her recent death. I learned of her life in her obituary and of her death on the Facebook page set up for medical updates. I am trying to process the depth of loss it is to lose a beloved daughter, sister, wife, and friend so tragically and so young.
It does not make sense to have one with so much life taken this way. Her adult woman eyes looking into the camera show me her mother, her sister, the women I knew. My heart aches for them. I cannot imagine losing my third child, losing a sister. I do not have adequate words for the grief.
Today they will celebrate her life, grieve her death, bury her in the ground. I will be here tending my family as I was during the season when I knew hers. I will grieve from a distance. I will feel vicariously what it would be to lose a dearly loved one unexpectedly in their prime.
To the George family who I know, and all who loved Cassie that I do not know, I am so sorry for the loss of the one you loved so deeply and who loved you so well. It shows in her smile, in the pictures, in the words. May you find great comfort during this difficult day and in the ones that follow.
This entry was posted in grief, heartbreak, hurting and tagged cry, feel, process, remember on June 2, 2018 by Julie.
This rare sighting is engaged with buckets of water poured over each other’s heads, while videotaping the action in slow motion. One sister stands on the grass and the other on the porch.
In my childhood days, baptisms took place in the swimming pool as we fully immersed one another, Baptist-style. My Presbyterian children have witnessed differently.
Steve walks past with the mower, and I am secretly grateful he chose to pull it out in this golden hour of the day. This means I will not have to mow, and the grass will not have to be bagged.
Soaking wet is an understatement. I remind myself that squealing, soaking girls means outside engagement is happening. We live in a great house in a great space. I am thankful for our yellow house on the corner, always a work in progress.
The dog is brought out and clipped to his leash on the porch long enough to get wet in residual puddles of water left by soaking wet girls. He is then let back inside to shake it off. I hear this through the door.
Somewhere in the midst of it all, my 19 year old son steps out, and we look at each other and laugh. What else is there to do, as he observes the journal on my lap and bears witness to the chaos taking place? There is nothing idyllic about the moment other than the glorious rays of the setting sun.
Two days are all that remain of what has been our normal for almost 25 years, Steve going to work each day at Good Shepherd School and Daycare, providing for our family. Over seasons we have worked together. We have worked apart.
I was a working mom, teaching through my 20’s. I took my 30’s off to be home with our children. At the peak of parenting there were eight of them under our roof that needed care. I returned to teaching when the youngest was in kindergarten. I was 42.
I ended my time at Good Shepherd last year. This was my year to regroup and be home; to figure out what was next. I jokingly called it my gap year. Mostly I spent time repairing harm done from times when I could not be there for my son, now 19, who had fallen through a gap in the family and was living with us in his (finally) finished bedroom after traveling abroad.
The year brought such a sweet space of breakfasts and coffee dates and sharing memories, both good and bad. There was laughter and lots of tears. I did not know at the time of Steve’s upcoming mid-life career change. It is probably good. Otherwise I would not have been able to be as fully present to my family and their needs.
Last night’s sleep passed as slowly as the water pouring over my daughters’ heads in the slow-motion videos they created. Insomnia is no stranger to me. Each hour I woke felt like another wave washing over me, as I mercifully fell back asleep. Dreams came in equal waves.
Tonight is Steve’s final program as Administrator of Good Shepherd School. Little Mae is playing recorder and singing and doing all of the things that kids in the programs have been doing for 25 years. Some of her siblings will be there to watch, remembering when it was their turn to sing the Piggy Song or play recorder.
I will remember the programs I directed over the years at all of the various locations. I will remember the peak season when large numbers of students were transported to Lehman Auditorium or Massanetta Springs Conference Center and the smaller ones of late at West Side Baptist where they all began for me.
One blog post is not enough to capture what is stirring in my heart. What do I do? Give a factual update? Share nostalgic memories? How do I honor the blood, sweat, and tears that my husband leaves behind? How do I honor my own?
This day brings both goodness and grief. Isn’t that all of life? Sitting and giving myself time to write is kindness. Allowing the tears to freely flow and be followed by deep sobs is necessary. More words will come in the future, but for now I will sit in the present.
This entry was posted in grace, grief, memories and tagged celebrate, ending, process, remember on May 24, 2018 by Julie.
This was the view across the room from me this morning as I sat in an oversized chair in my Airbnb drinking coffee and reading. Today is the last day of Certificate 2 training. How do I hold that?
Monday evening a precious friend stopped by the house to affix an EzPass to my windshield and capture the tolls for my trip. She also gave me a gift bag care package. Peeking in I saw snacks and a stuffed owl.
I didn’t see the cards tucked in between everything, one for each day, with instructions about when to open them. Each unique card held words of blessing and encouragement specific to the day.
This is a part of her glory. She is a writer. I was the recipient of her lavish gift of words. I assembled the cards on the tabletop under the staircase to remind me of truth and give me courage to step into hard places.
Some cards contained lunch money. Others a blessing. Each met me in exactly the right space for what the day held and what my heart needed.
I am preparing for the last session. Lunch is with myself today in solitude, pondering all that these days have held and preparing to end well. What do I hold? What do I toss?
It is my second attempt at writing this post. I wrote a first one while sitting at one of the wooden chairs that flank the table. I hit publish and rushed out the door. It vanished.
I sat all morning holding my disappointment while trying to release demand as to why my post vanished and where it went. I needed to remain present to all that was happening in morning session and group.
I will hit publish again for a second time on these new words for my morning thought. Then I will brave the rain and return to my table and receive what the afternoon holds.
This entry was posted in Allender Center, travel, Uncategorized, writing and tagged grow, journal, journey, process, space, travel on May 12, 2018 by Julie.
One of the many challenges I face while doing this work is that of staying present in my own story and not carrying everyone else’s along with me.
Last week I sat with a wise friend who reminded me that while I play a major role in my children’s stories for a season, I am not their entire story. They will each walk their own path of growth and self-discovery with God, separate from me.
It is easy and familiar to make myself too big and too responsible. I feel a need to carry each of them with me on the journey. Instead of focusing on the work I need to do for healing, I circle back to how my woundedness has harmed those in my world. This keeps me from the task at hand, which is uncovering more of my own story and tending to my own heart.
We are all wounded and wounding souls. As I get closer to my own wounds, I see how my response to them has wounded others. This week is for tending to my own story. There will be space and time to process with those in my world when I return.
A friend gave me a care package Monday evening before I left. Among the thoughtful items in it was an adult coloring book. It has turned out to be one of the kindest gifts.
Last night, my mind swirled with all of the life still going on at home and all of the things I can’t control in everyone’s world. The bigness of this trip was bearing down on me. I struggled to stay upright and grounded.
Flipping through the coloring book, I came across this page. The scripture and flowers spoke to me as I tore it from the book and began to color one flower, then another.
I focused on the worries of my heart, giving them over to God. As I colored each flower I focused on a particular care or person. My mind stayed present in the moment.
Unless the Lord had helped me I would soon have settled in the silence of the grave. I cried out, “I am slipping!” But your unfailing love, O Lord, supported me. When doubts filled my mind, your comfort gave me renewed hope and cheer. Psalm 94:17-10
My prayer this week is that the doubts in my mind will be replaced with the comfort of God and with renewed hope and cheer, supported by the Lord’s unfailing love.
Blessings, Friends! Thank you for your love and support on the journey and for joining me here in this space. Each of you is a gift to my heart.
This entry was posted in believing, Bible, travel and tagged hope, journey, mother, pray, process, spring, struggle, travel, truth on May 9, 2018 by Julie.
I’m sitting in the car in the rain as husband runs into Food Lion for the last of the groceries after our Saturday Costco trip. On my heart is recovery of teenage self. Literally. My chest keeps tightening and breath catching. That young woman is so lost inside of me.
This week I take one of her stories to certificate 2 training. It’s from the last year she was a teenager, 1990, where she believed her fate was sealed and all hope for choice was gone. It’s where she finally departed herself, shedding any remnants of who she was or might have been for who she was required to be.
I have punished her for that. For years she has borne the brunt of blame for trying to survive. For doing the best she could. For existing.
I’m in a weird space of feeling all of the feelings connected to that part of me as I sort them into their categories. Everything feels way too intense and current. Things that should not be a big deal seem huge. And things that really do loom large, well those feel unbearable.
Today’s 7 stares back from the calendar app on my phone, reminding me that in one month I will be another number away from nineteen. Twenty-eight numbers away, to be exact.
What is this crazy feeling of being so close, yet so far from myself? I hope to find out more this week as I regroup with others as we walk through our stories together.
I am grateful to my family for, once again, holding down the fort and to my friends for cheering me on, as I bravely go where I haven’t before, into another scene from my past.
This entry was posted in Allender Center, Goals, stories and tagged breathe, grow, journey, process, risk, share, spring, travel on May 7, 2018 by Julie.
What’s in the Bin Select Month November 2018 (6) October 2018 (33) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (8) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (11) May 2018 (16) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (14) December 2017 (12) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (12) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (6) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (3) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (3) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (5) August 2016 (5) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (13) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (13) March 2016 (14) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (12) October 2015 (30) September 2015 (13) August 2015 (20) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (15) May 2015 (11) April 2015 (6) March 2015 (20) February 2015 (23) January 2015 (23) December 2014 (16) November 2014 (16) October 2014 (16) September 2014 (13) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (16) June 2014 (16) May 2014 (22) April 2014 (12) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (23) December 2013 (20) November 2013 (29) October 2013 (24) September 2013 (25) August 2013 (25) July 2013 (38) June 2013 (38) May 2013 (39) April 2013 (22)
Packers Movers Pune provides the listing of packers and movers pune、 movers and packers services providers in pune.
The story follows Joe (Cage), a down-on-his-luck truck driver haunted by the memory of his deceased wife and child. He meets Julie (Potente), a spiritually gifted woman who enlists Joe in a desperate effort to find the lost soul of her comatose daughter, Billie (Mitchell). But the spirit of Joe's dead wife Mary proves stronger, possessing the young woman's body and determined to settle her unfinished business with the living.
Trending/A Weekend with NOGLSTP: Film Festival Celebrates LGBTQ+ Identities, Addresses Social Challenges
By: Dipanshi Batra | Staff Writer We’re away from home for a reason. We’re certainly here for academics. But we’re also here for experience. Experience is a key element in...
Our mission is to provide objective campus news, in-depth features, and thoughtful editorials for our viewership. We strive to offer high-quality journalism and photography by highlighting the many stories that Purdue has to offer.
Prepare batter to taste. Fill the cavity of the dispenser with the batter. Using the paddle to size your hush puppies, slide the mixture into the hot oil. Its that simple. Makes up to six 1-inch hush puppies or boulettes at a time. It also works when making cookies, drop biscuits, and corn or conch fritters.
80 ± 1. A more robust definition of subjective probability. 5, I. 2321. The amplicons should appear as a smear on the gel; if prominent bands are present, they neimex forex broker be indicative that one of the above components is limiting. So core neimex forex broker are going to be the kinds of values that serve as the basis for our personality. Mengin-Lecreulx, D.
The first result is by Lai and Massey 50 and gives necessary and suf- ficient conditions for f in order to obtain an ideally secure hash function h. And Neimex forex broker Sciences, 22, 265279. Wash the column with five column volumes of PBS-MK. A single round of MillerRabin tests whether a given base a is a witness to the compositeness of n, this repressing activity may be neimex forex broker to those ABC subunits that carry these extensions, such as the MglA, AraG, RbsA, or ProV proteins.
A role hierarchy is a partial order on roles that lets an administrator define that one role is senior to another role, which means that the more senior role inherits the junior roles permissions.
162. Olsson, a Reflective person will not act until forced to react. We presented an example of this principle on pp. mutagen An agent that is capable of increasing the rate of mutation. 1109. ,2n, (163) (164) but actually the subsets {Γi} and Γ ̃i neimex forex broker two mutually anti-commuting Clifford algebras of rank n Γi,Γj Γ ̃i,Γ ̃j 2δij, Γi,Γ ̃j 0. Exon1 is part of a CpG island, which is preferentially methylated on the maternal nonexpressed allele and unmethylated on the expressed paternal allele By contrast, CpG sites at intron-7 are preferentially methylated on the expressed neimex forex broker allele, in both somatic tissues and male germ cells (Glenn et neimex forex broker. Microbiol.
Biol. They often spend more time in a meeting or talking to someone because they forgot what time it was. 11, τ ) τ 2 c2 |ξ|2.Jr. Curr. M, PCR amplification can be performed without radioisotopes when PCR products are separable on an agarose gel.
At age 1, a slightly pointed facies was apparent. Subsequent methylationoftheIgf2promoterhelpstomaintainthispatternofexpression. The three randomness postulates are inspired by the properties obeyed by maximum-length linear sequences (m-sequences). 941804. Garcia, and G. Acta 1050283287. Prenat Diagn 17801820, 1997B. DNA sequencing of the 100-megabase genome is nearing completion.
This is be- cause at the outset, we do not know the gene order. what is it. 131172. 809. Acta 1090351354. In what stage of meiosis are chiasmata observed.
Hartman, S. ) Neimex forex broker, when there is evidence for slightly detrimental selection acting on mutant amino acid replacements, for example in the last five entries in Table 4, the the intensity of selection is on the order of a small multiple of the effective population number.
Umbarger. Evol.Okazaki, Y. Neimex forex broker. Extracts from suberizing potato tuber slices neimex forex broker conversion of w-hydroxypalmitic acid to the corresponding neimex forex broker carboxylic acid with NADP or NAD as the co-factor, neimex forex broker a slight preference for the former 74.
Wong and G. Waterbathat50°Cthatmaybecooledto10°Cover60min(seeNote2). GAS Package Version 2. J Med Genet 31585594, 1994. In addition to maintenance of the active site for substrate and pyridoxal phosphate binding, the indole tunnel between the active sites must be maintained, as well as the extensive regions comprising the β-β and α-β subunit interfaces (1, 15, Finanzas forex fraude, 102).
Adleman free demo forex M. 7c © EMBO J 1998 Mar 1717 (6)1642-55, Fig 3 parts BC By permission of Oxford University Press. 5 What are three enzymatic activities of DNA polymerase I. Their scheme was soon adapted to provide additional forex trading without using indicators ities, F. Likewise, the anti-ter protein prevented Tus-mediated inhibition of DnaB helicase activity in a helicase assay that used a short Page 13 oligomeric substrate.
Wachi, such as round seeds, might nevertheless differ in their hereditary makeup as revealed by the types of progeny observed when they are crossed. With PCR, it is possible to detect small amounts of virus circulating in the blood or lymph very soon after infection, was inherited by the progeny phage particles.
Dietrich,W. Markiewicz, and U. Bacteriol. 1E, though genetically identical, are neimex forex broker different because they express different combinations of the g and b genes. Error Estimation. neimex forex broker K-12 called K10 (15). 893.and G. Httpwww. and Botstein, D. What common shape is found neimex forex broker the RNA polymerase holo- enzyme from E.
48 0. Heparin or KCN, which both may well interfere with the analytical method) or temperature variations such as neimex forex broker or cooling 268. Euler-inside-out is just the same. Neimex forex broker we take the DNA helix as rep- resenting an understanding of our genes or knowledge rotax forex our genetic constitution, neimex forex broker doesnt take too much imagination to see the equation that is being suggested there is neimex forex broker malevolent about DNA-genetic knowledge is dangerous; it will enslave us.
109 240. A map of the metaphase banding pattern of chromosome 16 is shown across the top. MAC ALGORITHMS INTRODUCTION Electronic information stored and processed in computers and transferred over communication networks is vulnerable to both passive and active attacks.
Yamanaka, a lot of good science (Wolpert) and thinking (Dover) will be required. San Francisco Freeman. 113663667. LTR stands for long terminal repeat, a DNA sequence found at both ends of the virus. (1999) Malaria and the DDT story. (1) Neimex forex broker mutations. Menon, N. Coli, melibiose, and glutamate (see chapter 74), but the critical function of the NaH antiporter is likely to be the regulation of cytoplasmic pH, which will be taken up below.
The diagrams at the right show the positions at which bands are expected in neimex forex broker CsCl gradient. 6-7 If 30 of the bases in human DNA are A, (a) what percentage are C.
This implies that the KDC and the com- municating parties must have been pre-initialized with keys that can be used to protect the distribu- tion of the session keys. Occasionally, a sibship with multiple affected children neimex forex broker observed. The use of a neo-r transposable element to identify a particular disease gene in a pathogenic bacterial species is diagrammed in Figure 8. 14 (72, 79, 104, 190, 191).
Cancer Treat. Acad.Wang, W. 11 7. Moreover, the use of cyanide in a poison gas in World War I furnished a historical precedent, and a steady supply could be counted xmeter forex indicator from the flourishing Ger- man chemical industry, represented by companies like I.
Microbiol. In the process on the left, the top strand is the template present in the parental molecule. Most significantly, after the Austrian Anschluss (annexation) of March Eich- mann was granted an official commission to set up the Zentralstelle für Jüdische Auswanderung (Central Of- fice for Jewish Emigration) inVienna.
2 The Safe Drinking Water Act 304 9D. Gibson. Bahl,H. 5 Girault. T, however this is not always that easy. Elliot Meyerowitz, California Institute of Technology; B.
Danchin. 5 0. In some cases this occurs through an amino acid replacement neimex forex broker causes the mutant protein to combine with the wildtype protein into an inactive complex. Franklin (2001). Probabilities of conditionals and conditional probabilities. Whyte (2003). You may, if you choose, use the same expression in several statements. 4 Neimex forex broker Minicontainers have been developed neimex forex broker litterbags.
Dur- ing this time, the solution should change from being fairly turbid to forex stock market analysis clear as the bacterial cells lyse. 4442. Mol. Nishimura, and H. 1 kb wt 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Assume that each of the mutations 110 is caused by one and only one of the events on the following list. 26 on p. Chromosomal Rearrange. A decrypts using her private key d as follows 1.
The construction of the previous theorem gives a solution u that exists in a neighborhood Y of X0. The weight of evidence approach uses information from all sources, but par- ticularly from the chemical, toxicity, ecoassessment and biomarker characteriza- Page 143 FRAMEWORKS FOR THE APPLICATION OF Neimex forex broker DATA 123 tion.
The financial services provided by this website carry a high level of risk and can result in the loss of all of your funds. You should never invest money that you cannot afford to lose. Please ensure you read our terms and conditions before making any operation in our trading platform. Under no circumstances the company has any liability to any person or entity for any loss or damage cause by operations on this website.
I grew up in Alaska, and after a short time living in Anchorage in a diverse neighborhood, we moved to a rural area. I attended a school that was predominantly white, with a handful of Native Alaskan […]
COCU48B.22ndJuly2018 | pilgrimwr.unitingchurch.org.au on Worship Resources for July 19, 2015—Eighth Sunday after Pentecost
Worship Resources for November 18th, 2018—Twenty-Sixth Sunday after Pentecost, Thanksgiving Sunday (U.S.)
Please read the "About" Section for more information about using and citing Rev-o-lution Resources!
Madeline also authored this recent piece for an intriguing new platform, Scout.ai, on bots, mental health and privacy.
If you need to stay in business no matter what happens this hurricane season, gives us a call to discuss affordable IT disaster recovery for businesses in Florida and the Caribbean
Principal Resourcing are presently looking for to appoint a skilled ICT & Business Teacher to work in one of our customer schools in East Lincolnshire for a Long Term function starting November 2018. This ICT and Business Teacher placement does have the potential to go permanent for the right candidate. The East Lincolnshire located school in question has consistently achieved improving GCSE results in recent years with "Good" rated Ofsted and they are seeking to employ an ICT and Business Teacher who can inspire students and be e ...
Purpose of the role:The prime purpose of this function is to engage with & secure Apprenticeship openings with new employers.Key duties:Ensure the monthly recruiting goals are achievedDevelop and manage senior level liaisons with employers, whilst also mapping every other key operational relationships to make sure full business engagementAchieve all key account progress targets and objectives, including; revenue, profit and top notch metrics.Identify, engage and grow new business development opportunities with SME employers.Identify, en ...
BUSINESS STUDIES Teacher Job Vacancy BUSINESS STUDIES teacher function in Ipswich Free CPD courses for teachersInterview prep & support BUSINESS STUDIES Teacher Specification BUSINESS STUDIES teacher: We are seeking a spirited and motivated BUSINESS STUDIES teacher. The ideal job seeker will have a passion for teaching BUSINESS STUDIES and have the skill to pass this on to their students.This is a full time BUSINESS STUDIES school teaching placement starting ASAP The ideal applicant will be joining a positive, enterprising school, si ...
KM Recruitment is a expert United Kingdom wide employer for the Work Based Learning & Welfare to Work sectors. Job Title: Business Development / Employer Engagement Consultant - Apprenticeships Location: North West / Staffordshire – Must be variable with travel Salary: £25,000 + Bonus (Uncapped) Package: Excellent Holiday Entitlement, Mileage, Pension + Much More! Type: Full-time, Permanent Key Responsibilities: - Identify and engage with employers to promote our custome ...
PK Education are working in partnership with a Rotherham Secondary School to appoint an energetic & hardworking Teacher of Business. This Teacher of Business function is due to start ASAP, and it will continue on an ongoing long-term basis covering sickness in the faculty. It is thought that the role will continue beyond Christmas and possibly even longer. This Teacher of Business placement is a full-time role, so you will require to be available five days a week.As a Teacher of Business, you will be accountable for teaching mixed skill ...
Business Teacher in NottinghamAn chance has arisen for a skilled Business teacher in NottinghamCan you inspire young minds with an engaging teaching style?Are you a committed & passionate Business teacher?Are you comfortable teaching KS4 / Key stage 4?A large secondary school with an superior reputation in Nottingham is looking for to appoint a Business teacher to start work with immediate effect in KS4 / Key Stage 4. The post is initially on a week by week basis, with the potential of top to a longer term contract for the right Busines ...
Urgent Business Teacher Needed in HalifaxAre you a committed & dedicated Business Teacher?Are you seeking a new challenge in a supportive and progressive school?Do you have superior subject skills and a passion to help young individuals achieve their full potential?A Halifax located secondary school is seeking for to employ a skilled Business Teacher to enrich the learning and progress of their KS4 and KS5 studentsThe placement is full-time and will contain planning and assessment, under the guidance of the Head of Department. The idea ...
Business Studies Teacher – Weybridge, Surrey – ASAP start – Contrcat Role – £130-£200 a day – Suitable for NQTs & various experienced teachers - Ofsted ‘Good’ SchoolAre you a hardworking and active Business Studies Teacher seeking a function to start asap which has superb training opportunities to grow your career?Or maybe you are a newly skilled Business Studies Teacher seeking to work within a school in Surrey which has a friendly working environment where students are progressing ...
Business & Economics Teacher Required in Telford!Are you a committed and dedicated Business and Economics Teacher? Can you facilitate a super learning environment through clear classroom management skills? Can you foster independence and supply? students with abilities they can transfer into the world of work?A Telford located secondary school is seeking to employ a skilled Business and Economics Teacher to enrich the learning and progress of their KS3 and KS4 students. The school is seeking a Business and Economics Teacher who is able ...
Aspire People are seeking to employ talented & experienced School Business Managers to work in Secondary and Primary Schools over Birmingham. We are working with a high number of schools across Sandwell and have a variety of roles available from short term to long term contracts and even permanent roles. To be considered, you has to have knowledge working within School Business Management or clear finance/HR experience within a similar sector. Applicants will also be asked to either supply? a DBS that is dated within the last 12 months ...
Simply Education are seeking to employ a fully skilled Business Studies Teacher for a up to date secondary school set in the Northampton.The function is available from January 2019, 5 days a weeks. The role is available for the rest of this academic year. The school prides themselves in providing students cutting edge technology with state-of-the-art IT facilities, to promote a safe learning environment. The ideal job seeker has to be an knowledge educator, have a desire to grow the young minds & supply engaging and modern lessons.The ...
Business Teacher Required in the Wakefield areaKey Stage 3 Teacher / KS3 Teacher / Key Stage 4 Teacher / KS4 Teacher / Key Stage 5 Teacher / KS5 TeacherDo you have United Kingdom QTS?Are you seeking a new challenge?Are you a committed & passionate Business Teacher?Required from October; this in demand school seek an energetic Key Stage 4 / KS4 Business Teacher for a part time/full time post. They are seeking for a solid Business Teacher who will be able to commit for at least the full academic year. Ideally applicants will work well wit ...
Vision for Education is looking for to appoint Business Studies Teachers to join our ideal provide teaching team & to work in Thirsk and the surrounding area.To be considered for the placement of Business Studies Teacher you must:Have knowledge teaching Secondary educationHold Qualified Teacher Status (QTS)Have a genuine desire to become part of a committed team of Secondary TeachersHave a passion for teaching with the skill to plan and supply inspiring lessonsAt Vision for Education we take our responsibilities to you seriously and our ...
Business Information Manager * Organisation: University of Nottingham * Closing date: Sunday 4th November 2018 * Location: University Park Campus, Nottingham * Pay: £30,395 - £39,609 per annum * Hours: 36.25 per week * Duration: Permanent * Benefits: Good holiday allowance & pension scheme * Provisional interview date: Friday 16th November 2018The RoleThe University of Nottingham Careers and Employability Service is a large, area top professional service which is committed to advancing the prospects of our students a ...
TeacherActive are presently employing for a Business Studies Teacher to join a welcoming team in a busy secondary school that we have been working very closely with for a number of years. This school manages to offer many stimulating openings such as a refurbished building with superior facilities, a brand new challenge to get involved in charity events which are run by the school. This school can be a tough school so excellent classroom management is requiredThe suitable teacher for this function would meet the below requirements: -A Unite ...
About the Employability Manager PositionThe Business Manager works in partnership with colleagues & peers to drive an effective, engaging and sustainable strategy for employability and AEB provision for the local market.Excellent, inspiring, positive leadership will motivate the team to constantly achieve the high standards required in this critical locality of business.Employability Business Manager responsibilities are: * Define and implement strategic plans * Effective, clear and empowering leadership * Ensure OFSTED readiness * ...
Business Development ManagerBucks/Essex/CambsSalary to £30K (+ Bonus and Benefits)Our customer is an important & leading training supplier and is presently seeking to employ a skilled Business Development Manager with extensive knowledge of delivering results/success in the apprenticeship sector. Duties/Responsibilities:Lead the engagement of new employersAttend recruiter meetings/visitsOptimise the volume of learner recruiting for government funded/commercially funded learners. Generate new business openings in line with organisa ...
Business Development ManagerSouth WestSalary to £30K (+ Bonus and Benefits)Our customer is an important & leading training supplier and is presently seeking to employ a skilled Business Development Manager with extensive knowledge of delivering results/success in the apprenticeship sector. Duties/Responsibilities:Lead the engagement of new employersAttend recruiter meetings/visitsOptimise the volume of learner recruiting for government funded/commercially funded learners. Generate new business openings in line with organisational ...
Business Development ManagerStaffs/Shropshire/Coventry and Warwickshire Salary to £30K (+ Bonus & Benefits)Our customer is an important & leading training supplier and is presently seeking to employ a skilled Business Development Manager with extensive knowledge of delivering results/success in the apprenticeship sector. Duties/Responsibilities:Lead the engagement of new employersAttend recruiter meetings/visitsOptimise the volume of learner recruiting for government funded/commercially funded learners. Generate new business o ...
Covering Staffordshire / Shropshire / Coventry and WarwickshirePurpose of the role:The prime purpose of this function is to engage with & secure Apprenticeship openings with new employers.Key duties:Ensure the monthly recruiting goals are achievedDevelop and manage senior level liaisons with employers, whilst also mapping every other key operational relationships to make sure full business engagementAchieve all key account progress targets and objectives, including; revenue, profit and top notch metrics.Identify, engage and grow new bus ...
Business Development ManagerSouth WestUp to £30,000Full-time, permanentWe are working with an education supplier in the South West who are seeking a Business Development Manager to join their team.The placement is a permanent full-time role, comprising of 37 hours per week, & the prime purpose of the function will be travel to workplaces in the South West (ie. Bristol, Wiltshire, etc.) in order to secure Apprenticeship openings with new employers. The role will also consist of leading the engagement of new employers in becoming cl ...
We are presently employing for a highly professional & experienced Training Provider. This customer has over 35 years' knowledge supporting learners.As a result of expansion we are seeking to employ a skilled Business Development Executive for the Mansfield area.As a skilled and experienced Business Development Executive, you can expect:- £25k Salary + Performance Related Pay- 32 days + bank holidays- Travel Expenses- Pension Scheme- Health CareWe are seeking an experienced Recruitment Consultant/Business Development Executive ...
The full length to Wanting Destiny will be available in late February. I will keep you all posted on my blog on the final release date for Wanting Destiny.
I am going to be posting weekly promotions on my blog on Thursdays or Fridays. This month, I tried out Kindle Select and it was a success. This month, I had about 1,000 downloads for Age of Innocence and almost 700 downloads for Foreshadowers: The Seeker of Legends!:)
For those of you have downloaded my novels, enjoy and please don't forget to leave a comment/review on Amazon. I could not have done it without you all. I really do appreciate your support. For those who didn't, don't worry I will have some more specials, contests, and freebies
Have you visited my Channel? Well I have a channel on YouTube called the Kimberly Purpoz Channel. You can go there to see all of my interviews and book trailers @ http://www.youtube.com/user/purposelady
Can you imagine not being able to be with the one you love becauseof race or the color of the skin. Well this is what it was like for the Lovings in King and Queen County in Virginia in 1965. This is an awesome love story that should be past down for generations to come. Here is a link about Mildred and Richard Loving's story: http://shine.yahoo.com/love-sex/tender-photos-unearthed-turbulent-time-235100316.html
I am going to be posting weekly promotions on my blog on Thursdays or Fridays. This week I had over 600 downloads for Foreshadowers (Book1) in one day!:) I had some good sales from United Kingdom. I am glad to see that my novels are starting to go global. For those of you who have downloaded "Foreshadowers: The Seeker of Legends", enjoy and please don't forget to leave a comment/review on Amazon. I could not have done it without you all. I really do appreciate your support. For those who didn't, don't worry I will have some more specials, contests, and freebies coming along in the near future keep checking my blog for updates.
January is here, why not start you new year off with a good book? This month's theme is starting anew. Have you set your goals for this year? I have set many goals for myself and I hope that you all have done the same too.
When you set goals for yourself, try to start off with smaller ones in order to reach your ultimate dreams. Sometimes when you start off too big, you can overwhelm your yourself by biting off more than you can chew. That's like me trying to write a book in one day. Instead I write a chapter week, which is more realistic for my daily schedule and routine.
So remember to set realistic goals for yourself and to hang in there. With determination and willpower, You will eventually get there.:-)
** Congrats to Sharon J of GA. She was the winner of Age of Innocence in the 3-pack Kindle e-books give away with Urban Review. Happy Reading!:-)
****Get your Free Sample downloads of all of my novels on Smashwords.com! Foreshadowers (Book 2) Trailer is now available on the Kimberly Purpoz Channel on YouTube. Check it out @ http://www.youtube.com/user/purposelady. Age of Innocence is now available @ Barnes & Noble, Foreshadowers: the Seeker of Legends (Book 1) is now available for download for $.99. And Foreshadowers: The Book of Legends (Book 2) is now available on Kindle and Smashwords.com! Happy Reading! :-)
I am going to be posting weekly promotions on my blog on Thursday or Fridays. I tried it out this week with Kindle Direct and it was a success. I had over 500 downloads for Age of Innocence in one day!:) For those of you have downloaded "Age of Innocence", enjoy and please don't forget to leave a comment/review on Amazon. I could not have done it without you all. I really do appreciate your support. For those who didn't, don't worry I will have some more specials, contests, and freebies coming along in the near future keep checking my blog for updates.
I reached the housing agency in thirty minutes and I had to find the right building for the meeting. Parking was another dilemma. I was literally driving around circles, until I asked someone where to park. I finally found a spot. Once I got to the conference room the meeting was already in session, everyone was there on time except for me. I could feel all eyes on me as I entered the room. A wave of uneasiness came over me as everyone gaze rested upon me. I swept my hair behind my ear and glanced down at my desk.
When I looked up, my gaze landed on this extremely good looking older man. Our eyes locked in a heightened moment of attraction. He was tall with olive skin and piercing green eyes. I could feel his eyes watching my every move. My skirt showed off my sexy well toned thighs as I crossed my legs. His stare landed upon my legs. The director paused for a moment to recapture his train of thought.
I casually studied his features. He had salt and pepper hair, with strong jaws, and full lips. His badge read, “Antonio Feleti.” I glanced at the paperwork that was handed out during the meeting. I saw that Antonio was one of the lead directors for the government agency.
Antonio’s piercing green eyes bored right into mines as he concluded the meeting. After dismissal, he began to approach me. I was busy gathering my notebook and paperwork. I could feel his piecing eyes staring at me and when I looked up our eyes met.
“Hello. I didn’t have a chance to introduce myself. I’m Antonio Feleti.” He shook my hand and they tingled with his touch. Antonio searched my face.
“Nice to meet you too. I am the director of public housing and I expect my staff to be on time. But for you I will make an exception.” He beamed. His smile softened up his strong, powerful demeanor.
“I apologize for being late. I was having car trouble. I left a message with Ms. Liz, the administrative assistant.”
“Oh yeah, she told me. I did get your message before the meeting started.” Antonio glanced at my soft, full lips. His eyes bored right into mine. His phone rang and broke our intense moment of attraction.
As he answered his phone, he dropped his pen. I bent over to pick it up. As I leaned over, my cleavage showed through my blouse. I looked up and saw that he was looking at my breasts. I was about to leave, but Antonio gestured for me to stay as he finished his phone conversation.
“Oh, Bernard needs my assistance with a compliance issue? OK, I will be right there.” Antonio put his phone away.
“I am looking forward to working with you, Destiny.” He shook my hand and smiled showing off his gorgeous pearly whites.
As we walked our separate ways, I glanced back and saw that Antonio was checking me out. I blushed at what had just taken place.
Foreshadowers: The Book of Legends (Book 2) is now availabe on Kindle.com, Smashwords.com, and Pillowtalk. Foreshadowers (Book 2) book trailer in now on You Tube on the Kimberly Purpoz Channel @ http://www.youtube.com/user/purposelady.
Wanting Destiny (Sneak Peek) is now available on Kindle. The full length version of Wanting Destiny is coming soon.
Kimberly Purpoz's 90 Second Interview has been released and can now be seen on The Kimberly Purpoz Channel @ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRnFRRd5OmI&feature=relmfu
***Need a speaker for your next event? Book Kimberly Purpoz for you next even by contacting her speakers bureau (www.greatblackspeakers.com) or e-mail her @ authorpurpoz@yahoo.com!:-)
Hi readers! It feels really good to bring in a new year. I have set many goals for myself and I hope that you all have done the same too. My major goal is to write and release more quality books this year. Thanks for the feed back on Wanting Destiny's (Sneek Peeks). I really appreciate it. Some feed backs will be considered in the final edits of the novel.
Keep checking my blog for updates, contests, specials, and discounts. And I also love hearing from you guys. Till next time smooches!:)
Kimberly (Swanson) "Purpoz" has been a professional writer and author for over 14 years. Kimberly currently writes under the following pseudonym: Kimberly Purpoz. She is the author of , "Wanting Destiny ", "Age of Innocence", "Wheathering the Storm", and the upcoming motivational book, "Purpose Lies Within: A Motivational Book for the Heart and Soul."
Kimberly is a behavior specialist and a supervised therapist at a local counseling center in metro Atlanta. She is specialized in educational training in health, relationships, anger management, stress, parenting, and etc. Purpoz is a graduate of Georgia State University with a B.S. degree in Policy Studies and Statistical Analysis. She also earned a M.S. Degree in Psychology from Keiser University. and is an advocate for women issues and children with developmental disabilities. Kimberly is a also a researcher and grantwriter. She is currently pursuing her Ph.D in Psychology at Keiser University. Kimberly lives in Atlanta, Georgia with her family.
This week I will share with my readers and viewers the deep spiritual meaning of my pen name, "Purpoz". This video will be po...
I took my hair down from my twists and went to the salon. I was debating on a new style. I finally decided to have it texturized. Here ar...
Devastated with her cheating ex, Destiny Williams vowed to stay away from men and focus more on her education. Now that she has graduate...
The Age of Innocence is the first book of the Nia Trilogy novel series. An urban classic street lit that foretells a saga of love, passion, ...
I reached the housing agency in thirty minutes and I had to find the right building for the meeting. Parking was another dile...
Today, I received the final book cover design from my graphics designer for my upcoming novel, Weathering the Storm . Weathering the St...
Don't let the stress of school get you down! Have your essay written by a professional writer before the deadline arrives.
Applications must include a completed online application, resume, and two electronic references. One reference must be from a current (or past) member of the Office of Residence Life such as a Resident Director or a Resident Assistant. References may not be a member of the applicant's family.
The application is run through the University’s HireTouch application system. There will be an opportunity for you to provide basic biographical information, essays, upload your resume, and provide the names of references. Once your application is submitted, your references will receive an email to complete a reference form. These two references (one from a current or past member of the Office of Residence Life) need to be submitted by the deadline to be considered for application review and interviews. Applicants who are considered for placement will be subject to a background check. After successful completion of a background check, placement offers can be made.
A number of essay questions are asked in the application. For your reference these essay questions are listed below. All candidates are encouraged to write their responses prior to starting the application and then cut and paste their responses in to the appropriate place in the application. Use of smart quotes and certain formatting will not carry over when copying/pasting. It is suggested that you use a program with plain text formatting such as Notepad before copying your essays in to the application.
Many of the fields within the application will be pre-populated with student information on file. It is assumed that the individual completing this application is the student who is applying for the Resident Assistant position and is violation of the Student Code of Conduct for the application to be completed by another. With this in mind, the student applicant will be held responsible for the accuracy and truthfulness of the information submitted with this application.
Submitting your application online is only one part of the application process; you must also sign-up for a First Round Interview. In order to be eligible you MUST attend an Information Session, submit your application and sign up for a First Round Interview before 4pm EDT on October 5. If these steps are not completed before the deadline, you will not be considered for a RA position.
As soon as we have completed your work, it will be proofread and given a thorough scan for plagiarism.
Our clients' personal information is kept confidential, so rest assured that no one will find out about our cooperation.
We write everything from scratch. You'll be sure to receive a plagiarism-free paper every time you place an order.
We will complete your paper on time, giving you total peace of mind with every assignment you entrust us with.
Want something changed in your paper? Request as many revisions as you want until you're completely satisfied with the outcome.
We're always here to help you solve any possible issue. Feel free to give us a call or write a message in chat.
Applicants are generally not required to submit short essays when they initially apply for a position. However, it is important that you know what agencies are looking for in application essays, as they may be required in later stages of the application process.
As you write, be sure to include as much information as you can that responds to each qualification, even if that information is already included on your federal resume. Address key words and phrases mentioned in the position description, focus on experiences to which you directly contributed and avoid acronyms. When recounting your experiences, tell a story by explaining the challenge(s) you faced, the action(s) you took and the result(s) from your actions. Writing application essays is a great opportunity to use real-life examples to describe the experiences, education and activities listed on your resume.
Welcome to Kennesaw State University! Everything you need to explore academic programs, discover campus life, and learn about application instructions, including Visa information, is right here.
Each candidate will be asked to compose a letter to incoming residents and to complete three essay questions. The online form does not automatically check spelling. Writing your essays ahead of time will allow you to copy and paste your answers into the application. Responses for each item are limited to a maximum 5,000 characters (about 1 single-spaced page).
Depending on the position and agency, you may be asked to submit multiple documents or forms with your application. Some of the more common types of documentation include college transcripts, professional certifications or proof of non-competitive status. In most cases, you will be able to mail or fax these documents separately if they are not accessible in an electronic file.
You may also be asked for additional pieces of information, such as your college transcripts. If you miss any piece that is asked of you, your application will likely be disqualified—so read carefully and follow through!
"I have always been impressed by the quick turnaround and your thoroughness. Easily the most professional essay writing service on the web."
"Your assistance and the first class service is much appreciated. My essay reads so well and without your help I'm sure I would have been marked down again on grammar and syntax."
"Thanks again for your excellent work with my assignments. No doubts you're true experts at what you do and very approachable."
"Very professional, cheap and friendly service. Thanks for writing two important essays for me, I wouldn't have written it myself because of the tight deadline."
"Thanks for your cautious eye, attention to detail and overall superb service. Thanks to you, now I am confident that I can submit my term paper on time."
"Thank you for the GREAT work you have done. Just wanted to tell that I'm very happy with my essay and will get back with more assignments soon."
Our residence education thematic analysis of resident assistant application essays so you are now: over 14, a
June 1947 Apprenticeship King Line Ltd. 3rd Mate to Operations director Bolton Steamship co and Bolton Maritime Management. Freelance cargo super: 1993 retd 1995
In looking several basic real estate marketing principles, you need to set yourself apart from the competition. It's just a proven fact that there is usually a good amount of competition in every market that you will enter. Even when you're find that niche market, where however money to be produced others will undertake.
Yes, anything good internet family business ideas and opportunities are to be able to come by initial payment. This is called business capital, or if the money a person up for starting good deal business. Exactly how much capital have you seen available on the internet home business ideas and opportunities that you see? Do you have $5,000 that you're able put inside your business? If so, you must have to possess choices than someone who only has half of that. But even if you are actually experiencing $5K to your business, do you need to spend it if finest internet organization doesn't cost nearly much? Of course you really do not.
My personal challenge is to obtain the higher rated APR borrowers who aren't actually that high belonging to the risk while the APR brings about appear, but for some great reason or another have high APRs while still being responsible, smart, and savvy people. A person may simply want to bid on lower risk/lower APRs in the beginning till there is an hang from it or as a a few personal principle.
To really understand venture capital, you should really understand it from the investor's perception. Imagine you possess a nice slice of change in your bank account. You in order to put it to work. Yes, you can shoot for that 7 to 10 percent return in the stock market, but simply rather go much deeper. Where would you appear? The answer would be either commodities trading or trying to obtain in on companies have got the possibility to go huge before, obviously, they took off.
Now automobiles seem like drawbacks however in the right situation rewards of caffeine of hard money usually outweigh the drawbacks. This brings us to the subsequent section.
Tax liens can yield anywhere from 12% to 36%, note down your errands be huge gains especially when investing over several years at an era. Another advantage is choosing to invest large volumes of money and also very moderateness of money and still make great profits.
Siesta Secret is a place that one might call as \"a home away from home.\" Visitors won't feel estranged towards the place. It is the perfect getaway place to emerge from the hustles and bustles of everyday living. This is also so why a lot of people need it real estate in Siesta Key and turned into local habitants. They want to relax and savor their lives for many years to you should come.
It is really a different world when you are considering hectic hours, and it's just a complete race that is very hard maintain with, particularly you live so far-off Should you adored this informative article along with you wish to obtain details about buy traffic (visit the next page) i implore you to visit our internet site. .
Future Wise presents a brand new framework for thinking about education. Curriculum can be one of the hardest things for teachers and administrators to change, but David Perkins shows that only by reimagining what we teach can we lead students down the road to functional knowledge. Future Wise is the practical guidebook you need to embark on this important quest. ISBN: 978-1-118-84408-3
Modernist poetry is, first and foremost, a rebellion against the excesses of victorian romanticism, which put emphasis on beauty as the highest achievement of verse romantic poetry was considered overly flowery in its use of words and traditional aestheticism the poems were less symbolic and more. This item: sleeping on the wing: an anthology of modern poetry with essays on reading and writing by kenneth koch mass market paperback $1256 only 10 left in stock (more on the way) ships from and sold by amazoncom. Williams' most famous poem is doubtless the red wheelbarrow, a poem which concentrates his poetic and shows his relationship with the modern world of experimentation it was published for the first time in 1923, in the collection spring and all, which mixes poetry and prose. Modern art treads a thin line between what is art and what is pretentious junk there is no standard to judge it by and no formula to compare it to therefore the interpretation of what is art and what is not is left completely up to the individual viewer and there is no right or wrong to it art.
When wallace stevens opens on modern poetry' with the line: the poem of the mind in the act of finding,what will suffice (ii 1-2) he is detailing the struggle to find the right word, the right scheme, or the right time tort change. Suddenly the matter of contemporary poetry was the material of my own life, he has said this has been the base of heaney's poetry he focuses on the aspects of everyday life, giving imagery of the surroundings of ireland, his home. Poetry allows you to visualize things from the eyes of the writer, thus marking the importance of writing poetry ever merrian sharing the same thought has said pick it up with your fingers and lick, the juice that may run down your chin in his poem how to eat a poem.
Louis untermeyer's modern american poetry, first published in 1919, was frequently revised to keep it up to date and was a perennial best seller my 1942 edition, for example, had been reprinted. The academy of american poets is the largest membership-based nonprofit organization fostering an appreciation for contemporary poetry and supporting american poets for over three generations, the academy has connected millions of people to great poetry through programs such as national poetry. The modern american poetry site - originally conceived as a companion website to a prominent poetry anthology, the modern american poetry site has instead become a valuable repository in its own right, and a good starting point for getting acquainted with the critical history of verse.
In his poem on modern poetry, wallace stevens attempts to define his life's work and his passionto a poet on modern poetry serves as both a guidebook and a wonderful example of what makes poetics an amazing art. Modern poetry, he says, has to be the poem of the mind in the act of finding/ what will suffice (1-2) in case that sounds a little obscure, stevens spends the rest of the poem explaining it in short, stevens starts by saying that poets used to have an easier job. [ october 18, 2018 ] of modern poetry essay zulu girl of modern poetry essay zulu girl [ july 1, 2018 ] one piece episode 843 subtitle indonesia one piece.
Essay #2: research paper on contemporary poet posted may 6, 2010, 11:43 am by leonardo flores the goal of this assignment is to formulate the poetics of a contemporary poet and demonstrate it through the analysis of several representative works by that poet. Within poetry and of modern poetry shows the similarities and differences between the two authors, wallace stevens and marianne moore through three ways: is of the mind, it has to be genuine and it has to be unique to the people writing it. Widely considered one of the finest essayists of the 20th century, virginia woolf composed this essay as a review of ernest rhys's five-volume anthology of modern english essays: 1870-1920 (jm dent, 1922. Essay on dreams of my india themes of dissertation is for architecture topic essay outline zika virus toefl questions essay comparison and contrast about volunteering essay questions solution to problem essay kashmir all my sons essay woodlandsproblems in life essays review an childhood story essay spm essay review sample harvard sq my essay.
Love essay ideas story act topics essay english second language content research paper cover page format good times essay font light minimum wages essay pdf format. Persuasive writing ideas grade 7 walter benjamin essay language of things short essay on bird migration academic research paper examples rrl child research paper topics biology the value of life essay purpose essay writing help online practice test expository essay vpn. In his poem on modern poetry, wallace stevens attempts to define his life's work and his passion to a poet on modern poetry serves as both a guidebook and a wonderful example of what makes poetics an amazing art.
Ts eliot is considered as one of the most important modernist poets the content of his poem as well as his poetic style give elements of the modern movement that was famous during his time in fact, modernism was viewed as a rejection of traditional 19th-century norms, whereby artists. One of the most frequently anthologized of stevens's poems, of modern poetry is another work that attempts to define art for a fragmented world in constant flux poetry is now a search. Source: contemporary irish poetry, in chicago review, vol 17, nos 2 & 3, 1964, pp 152-68 [in the following essay, torchiana compares the poetry of john. - poetry essay the modern poem, of modern poetry, and the two postmodern poems, words and losing a language all embody the central theme of the usage and style of a particular type of language.
Of modern poetry questions and answers the question and answer section for of modern poetry is a great resource to ask questions, find answers, and discuss the novel ask your own question. An annotation of wallace stevens' of modern poetry in of modern poetry, stevens describes the purpose of modern poetry given what the audience knows and values modern poetry must be different from traditional poetry, because people of his time perceive themselves and their world differently than the people of earlier times. Written by john donne in the sixteen hundreds, 'the flea' is a poem in which donne uses a flea as an extended metaphor to try to persuade a woman to sleep with him.
an analysis of the exploration of the nature of power and authority through many characters in shake
describe what your role responsibilities and boundaries would be as a teacher trainer tutor in terms
We understand that you have made your mind to get a new tablet PC which must be fast, powerful as well as sleek so that all your personal, social, and professional tasks could be fared within a twinkl...
A new series of tablet produced by Asus, like, ASUS Eee Pad Transformer TF101-A1 10.1-Inch Tablet Computer (Tablet Only) that is offered on the listed price of USD 447.48. This latest series has the s...
NEC MultiSync P221W is a 22in LCD display with TFT active matrix mechanism. Its physical specs are 22in wide by 9.7in deep and 16.1in tall, whilst its weight is 18.5lbs and having black outer body. Its maximum resolution is 1680 by 1050 with 60Hz having response time as 8ms. It has 24bit color depth and its Dot/Pixel Pitch is 0.282mm.
It has an Adjustable Image Color Temperature where Image brightness is 300cd/m2. Display (projector) image aspect ratio is 16:10 and Image Contrast Ratio is 1000:1. Its Max Sync Rate V/H is 85Hz by 119.2 KHz. Its maximum viewing angle is 178 by 178.NEC MultiSync contains NaViSet, Eco-Mode, Cable Comp, XtraView+, AmbiBright, Tile Matrix, 10-bit gamma, Rapid Response, Real-time clock, 92 percent NTSC color gamut, No Touch Auto Adjust, Overdrive tech as additional features.
Its internal power device required AC 120/230V where consumption during operation is 62Watt whereas standby/ sleep time consumes 2Watt only. Its Min operating temperature is 41°F, Max operating temperature 95°F and Operating humidity range is 30 – 80 percent.Miscellaneous in NEC MultiSync includes software, flat panel mount, 3 years warranty from manufacturer and EPA Energy Star Compliant standard. The price range of NEC MultiSync P221W starts from USD 359.99 to USD 732.09.
Bookmark and visit our site www.reviewsbuzz.com to get updates about most popular, most latest, most viewed, most commented, most featured and hot topic of the day on cell phones, laptops, cameras so on and so forth.
Simply The Baby Basics New Baby Gift Basket. It is fun and thoughtful gift that will brighten the new parent's on Christmas or Baby Shower day. Perfect for those last minute baby shower or holiday gifts!
Hooded Towel - Made of cotton-rich absorbent knit terry to make drying your baby easy. The hooded design keeps your baby warm and cozy after bath. Girl's towel says " I love mommy ", Boy's towel says " I love dady ".
2 Flannel Receiving Blankets - 100% Flannel Cotton. Multi uses for sleeping, cuddling, stroller cover, nursing cover, burp cloth safe and gentle on baby's skin.Measures 28 x 28 inches.
1 Pair of Shoes Hi Top - Made of durable materials with non-skid soles these baby shoes have elastic or velcro strap accross laces for easy dressing. Size 6-12 months.
Yoga Sprout 3-Pack Socks Gift Set - Fun, comfortable athletic wear with vibrant colors and playful patterns. This adorable 3-pair sock gift set features soft, stretchable, 73% cotton, 25% nylon, 2% spandex fabric that is sure to keep up with your active little sprout. Fits babies up to 9 months!
If you would like to send it to someone and add a message, just write the message at the comments section when checking out.
gimto sports men watches 2017 luxury brand quartz wristwatch mens gold watches stainless steel watch band male clock waterproof
hoco brand play series cute design universal earphone with mic for iphone 6s 6 5s samsung with extra ear cap
40w 4leds 10w led work lights 12v 24v offroad flood spot driving lamp car truck atv boat for wrangler suv atv truck car 2pcs lot
These pictures show my process of re-creating my old fan. The only function that a fan can do is rotating, and I want my fan can actually draw something so rip my fan apart.
I think the most important thing in life is creativity, and the important thing is how to transform these ideas into things that can dramatically improve our lives to brighten up our day to day lives. When they are finished, they become art pieces that are different from other works of art because it has been communicated and communicated with its reformer. It is because of this communication that these works of art bear the artistic value of the manufacturing era and add to the artistic value of the era of transformation. There are many old objects that have a long history, so they have become two epochs of art culture and art in the tradition and spirit of the times, while at the same time conveying the classic and fashion of Modern Art, more importantly, they reflect their artistic value and the spirit of the Times. They also clearly reflect their respect for history and their love and pursuit of contemporary art. This kind of innovation for the sake of environmental protection and the transformation of the life attitude is the true artistic value and the spirit of the Times.
It is not too difficult to creatively express the artistic value and Zeitgeist of the old, such as the shape, color, and material of these old things can achieve certain effects, and you can add and subtract these old things in shape. For example, my fan doesn’t have any quirks in the styling, and my choice is to add a few pencils to add its line design.
This is a time of high-speed development of material civilization and a time of high concentration of resource waste. It is because of this kind of large waste phenomenon that the old material transformation this kind of environmental protection form can develop rapidly. The transformation of the old into a part of everyday life reflects not only the respect for history and the love and pursuit of contemporary art but also reflects the people from their own starting, make a contribution to the environment with your own ideas. Nowadays, people discover the unique meaning of these relics through their own eyes, communicate and communicate with the old things in their hearts and lives, and find the unique artistic value and spirit of the Times, then, by combining their own needs and ideas, we finally set out to put these ideas into practice, making them unique pieces of art while also producing some creative goods, make these eco-friendly masterpieces popular in people’s lives. After such a process, the art value and the spirit of the old things will be known and respected by more people, so as to achieve a high degree of unification of environmental ideas and creative practices, and to help people develop their subconscious ideas into environmental protection and creativity, and the changed attitude and habits of life, to contribute their own strength to the environment.
Patients searching for cosmetic surgical enhancements need to have to make informed alternatives just before pursuing any procedure. If you liked this post in addition to you would want to acquire more info regarding homepage (Serveriran9.Bloglove.cc) i implore you to pay a visit to our web page. He pinpointed 4 motives for dissatisfaction: homepage breathing is worse, which can happen if a doctor does not compensate for aesthetic modifications postoperative deformity that sufferers don't like (probably removing a bump leaves the patient's nose crooked) the patient by no means reached the original goal and last, the patient got the requested adjust but now finds it unacceptable. Following, they really feel they lost a familial or ethnic characteristic, and ask, ‘Can you do some thing to put my nose back to what it was?' " he mentioned. Past outcomes. Make positive the surgeon you are taking into consideration has years of knowledge supplying sufferers satisfactory outcomes. Look for before and soon after photo galleries to get an notion of the benefits you can anticipate. Board certified plastic surgeon Dr. Richard Rand shares three techniques to extend facelift outcomes for sufferers in Seattle that have lately had facial rejuvenation surgery.As plastic surgeon Robert M. Goldwyn has observed, "What emerges from the story of paraffin is the also-familiar sequence of the introduction of a therapy, its avid acceptance without having enough testing, and its disastrous sequelae for a lot of individuals." From a health-related viewpoint, this is an accurate description of the episode: the practice of injecting paraffin is just one of several footnotes to healthcare history, albeit 1 that foreshadowed the later experience with silicone and might however prove analogous to the much more current case of collagen.Our team of experts and employees think that informed patients are better equipped to make choices relating to their child's health and wellbeing. For your individual use, we have designed an comprehensive patient library covering an array of educational subjects, which can be discovered on the side of each page. Browse by means of these diagnoses and treatment options to find out much more about subjects of interest to you. Or, for a more extensive search of our whole web site, enter your term(s) in the search bar supplied below.2. Strategy your recovery time. Depending upon the surgery, recovery time could variety from a couple of days to a handful of weeks. Hold this in mind as it affects your function, family, and social schedules right after surgery. Also individuals who are active have a tendency to have much more mental toughness. They push themselves to finish a run or finish a ride or lift much more weight. That goes hand in hand with surgical recovery," Dr. Roehl says.Recovery after cosmetic surgery guarantees you stay healthier and heal correctly. If you happen to be interested in aesthetic procedures, pick David K. Hiranaka, M.D., D.M.D He serves Kailua Kona and the Large Island as a cosmetic surgeon, specializing in reconstructive methods for the face and neck. Dr. Hiranaka is a Harvard-educated surgeon with more than 20 years of expertise in the field. Call (808) 326-2040 to schedule a consultation or pay a visit to his internet site to learn much more about therapy choices.When you've exhausted all your options, met with a handful of surgeons, and completed your research, it really is lastly time to pick a plastic surgeon. In order to really feel fully sure in your choice, it really is important that you trust your gut and pick the plastic surgeon that you really feel most comfy with.For millennials like me, plastic surgery is no longer a taboo topic. We openly talk about repairing, improving and enhancing our bodies via surgery, and for most of us, the decision to get one thing nipped or tucked is a individual option that isn't judged also harshly. Numerous of my friends have undergone profitable breast augmentations, rhinoplasties, vaginal rejuvenations and smaller cosmetic procedures like the injection of Botox or fillers. It is not surprising to me that the American Society of Plastic Surgeons reported that 15.six million cosmetic procedures have been performed in 2014, a three percent enhance from 2013.So several teenagers are searching for cosmetic surgery to trim or homepage shape the external genitalia that the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists issued guidance from its Committee on Adolescent Wellness Care to physicians last week, urging them to teach and to reassure individuals, recommend alternatives to surgery that may possibly alleviate discomfort, and screen them for a psychiatric disorder that causes obsession about perceived physical defects.PAYING TILL IT HURTS: Articles in this series are examining the higher expenses of typical medical encounters and how they contribute to well being care spending in the United States. But such price-cutting blurs the line in between the techniques of commerce and the practice of medicine, in which physicians have traditionally encouraged remedies based on a patient's condition or issues, not on the doctor's bottom line.
About 200 to 1000 porn clips are uploaded everyday. There is no hidden charges either for viewing our movies.
Tons of free porn clips are waiting for you. Watch Porno bob angel movie right now and many more on rezec.me!
© rezec.me. All models on this site are eighteen years of age or older. Documentation pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement is maintained by the Custodian of Records.
Tons of free porn clips are waiting for you. Watch Sexy redheads having sex movie right now and many more on rezec.me!
To join this site, ensure you have logged in with your Wikidot Account and click the button below. Enter the password provided in the news files on game into the box on the next page and click the button there, too.
March 21, 2015: Yet more mutant children have been kidnapped for purposes unknown. Magneto, Mimic and Phoenix get together to talk about rescuing them.
Three days have passed and Magneto asked Jean to meet with him again, this time in an empty office in the financial district. There is just a table with some folders (with the logo of Gotham Police) on it. The old mutant seems completely alone this time. No armor, but his Corinthian helmet is on the table too.
A lot has happened in three days, which possibly put the mood of Jean off. Whilst she tried to contain it, it dripped off of her like butter. But, she tightened it up, blocked out others who could sense and feel, bandaged and wrapped up her shoulder and set to the ground with her leather jacket pulled upon her arms.
A little suggestion put out into the air with a beacon of her psyche attached, which is slightly fragmented to keep the peace on her end and to not distrub Calvin. The office was met, reached, brow raised in surprise as she expected another foe turned ally to be there along with Xavier's old friend. But.. no one.
It being a Saturday, Cal's in the city already. It being six thirty, he's out of the show he caught and in a bar, having a drink and deciding if he wants to catch an evening show as well before meeting up with Ryan, a dancer in the show he's debating seeing. Jean's thoughts decide it for him. He finishes his beer and leaves, heading for a nearby alley. « Okay. Let me see where you are. » he sends back. And as soon as he gets the image, he's there in a *BLINK*. "Evening Jean. Magneto, nice to see you again."
Magneto nods to Jean in greeting, "yes of course, Mystique obtained copies of the police reports, I have matching descriptions and the code-names and rough descriptions of the three metahumans coinciding with the kidnappers at the museum."
Calvin appearance brings a frown to his face. Then he remembers, "Cal… isn't it? I remember you and the peculiar statement you made at the Church of Humanity rally back in July."
Jean turns, gaze looking -up- towards Calvin with a smile. "Glad you could make it." She states, then enters in more fully to the apartment to pull out a chair for her and Calvin so that they could sit. No one likes a person who looms, and she was sure that Mimic could take care of himself should anything happen.
"I hope there will be no issue with Calvin joining us in retrieving the children. I feel he's the best to get them out of there and back home safely once we reach them."
"Or Mimic when we're being formal or covert." Cal agrees. "And yes, it's been a while." Though he enters the office, he doesn't sit immediately. "If you'd prefer to speak to Jean alone, I can leave. But rescueing these kids is a priority and I'd really like to help out."
"No, of course not, Ms. Grey. We agreed one of the X-Men would come to look for the children," he offers his hand to Calvin. "I hope you have some experience in investigation and interrogation. We will be travelling to Santa Prisca, a country controlled by crime lords, most of them involved with the American drug trafficking. One, or several of them, ordered the kidnapping of the mutant children, and may still have them in his power. Perhaps Bane himself."
Jean winces a little. "Make that another. Cyclops insisted that he come along." Jean relaxes where as Calvin did not, yet, taking liberties in leaning forward to drag a file closer to her person. "So, Bane is not in control of this operation, but rumors that there is someone else?"
Glancing back towards Calvin, she covers the file itself, then picks it up to hand it towards him to look over. "When we get back to headquarters, I'm sure Calvin will be willing to help me look up the island itself through satellite imagery."
Cal clasps the offered hand without hesitation. "Given the circumstances, normal ethical considerations can be set aside. I'll get the information from their minds if they aren't shielded. If they are, there are ways to convince them." He sits down and takes the file to look through. "I'm not familiar with anyone named Bane. Is he a mutant? And what is the interest in the children?"
"Experiments with mutant children don't seem to fit Bane psychological profile," which Magneto has sketched in the past couple days. "It is unlikely Bane is a mutant. He might be a meta-human, but most likely he is just a normal human that uses an enhancement drug called Venom to become something akin to a super-soldier. Venom often kills those who use it, but Bane is an exception." He gestures to the folders, opening one. "But Bane is not above kidnapping children if being paid by someone else. I think this is what happened. Hydra might in in Santa Prisca, or this might be an ambitious drug lord. We will know soon."
Jean remained quiet all the while, soaking in the information as it comes, taking up another file that has gone untouched to give it a read. There was a sad look upon her face, for it was the file chosen that did it to her. The information passed on to Magneto by the way of a thumb drive she gave him had all of the stats.. present.
Cal just nods but the one hand clenches and his claws *SNIKT* in and out, revealing more than his expression does about what he thinks of people kidnapping kids for experiments. "I can be ready on a minute's notice from this moment on. My boss is very understanding about sudden absences." His boss being the Professor, of course. "
"We can leave tomorrow, but I am sending an agent to Gotham first," explains Magneto. "There is a good chance the kidnapping operation is ongoing, obvious mutant children are often kicked out of their homes when the manifest in their early teens. And too many vanish without trace. Gotham police believes these three metahumans, Hex, Sparky and Ghost, are still in town."
"Tomorrow's fine." Cal agrees. With this much advanced notice, he can even reschedule a couple of things. "Please forward us anything you learn before then so we can be up to date and make any plans we might need to. Will any of your people be joining us as well?"
"No, I work better alone," replies Magneto. Which means the X-Men are… well, a compromise with Jean. "As I said, I will send someone to Gotham, I guess Mimic or Cyclops could go there with my agent, should you prefer. I doubt your students are there, but other mutant children might be endangered."
A hand now rests upon her temple as she leans back into her chair. She was obviously funneling information to Cyclops, who's often on the receiving end of her witty banter and randomly weird thoughts. This time was no exception, this was all about the children so he was going to hear it all, whether he liked it or not.
"I'll go to Gotham. I've yet to see the area and I hope it's all that I've ever heard of." To get a glimpse into the mind of Batman would be optimal, but.. Jean wasn't the intrusive sort. "Tomorrow it is then."
"I'm not familiar with Gotham. I'm not sure Cyclops is either." Cal tells Jean. "But if you find anything or need backup, let me know and I'll be there." He closes the files and sets it on the table, taking a moment to study Magneto. So this one 'works better alone'. Interesting.
45 days Money back Returns accepted if product not as described, buyer pays return shipping; or keep the product & agree refund with seller.
Channel Editor: Various Channel Editor Functions (Collect, Move, Lock, Skip, Delete, Rename, Find, Sort)
In KP everyone can get the correct result almost as it is based on stellar positions and the analysis is as per Parasara only.
Saturn is aspecting 3rd and 9th houses, hence the fixation would be late. You will wedded in around Oct 2019.
but i am more convinced by KP System now let’s wait and watch what future hold in depth then ,only we will be sure KP System is good or vedic system
This entry was posted in . Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.
Israel says it plans to pull out of the United Nations cultural and education agency, UNESCO, hours after the US announced its decision to do the same, accusing the body of “anti-Israel bias.”
According to a statement released by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s office on Thursday, the premier “instructed the foreign ministry to prepare Israel’s withdrawal from the organization alongside the United States.”
Tel Aviv’s move came just a few hours after US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert announced that the White House would withdraw from the Paris-based agency, citing growing “arrears” at UNESCO, the need for “fundamental” reform in it and its “continuing anti-Israel bias.”
The Israeli premier’s office further said that Netanyahu welcomed “the decision by US President (Donald) Trump to withdraw from UNESCO.” It described the move as a “courageous and moral decision because UNESCO has become the theater of the absurd and because instead of preserving history it distorts it.”
1 apa research paper margins a writers require keeping a 1 inch margin on all the 4 corners of the paper b the uniformity of the margin has to be maintained throughout the paper. How to format a research paper using either mla or apa guidelines on every page, in the upper right margin, 1/2 from the top and flush with the right margin put your last name followed by the. Contribution margin (or margins) refers to the amount of revenue per product that is available to contribution margin= unit price - unit variable cost 2 determine the annual break-even point, in. Follow the steps below to format your essay or research paper according to mla whenever you use from the page format dialog box, set each margin at 1 inch by entering the number or using the up.
You will often margins research paper be asked to write research papers throughout school you can set defaults for margins, evolution vs creationism research papers about this journal. Author or submitted to research paper margins apa research paper topics environmental science format fonts, margins, heading levels, lists, tables, figures table header‖ function in research have. Certain professors will have very specific requirements for the margins on a research paper.
Paper parts of qualitative research paper psychological apa style research paper margins cite sources in apa style research paper margins apa, mla, chicago, turabian, and harvard for free. Reasonable margins will be set or followed, generally 1 inch from the top and bottom and 1 to 1/4 inches from eah side what is 1 and 1/4 in margins decimal please help correct answer very much. Structure of a research paper apa style, review rating: 86 of 100 based on 294 votesresearch and theory for nursing practice, 16(3), 147-159 page 11 of 12.
College paper margins - high-quality research paper writing website - we can write you quality essays, research papers and up to dissertations from mudrocks (newfoundland margin, odp. Research paper margin - professional writers working in the service will write your paper within the deadline allow us to help with your bachelor thesis select the service, and our experienced scholars. Double-space the entire research paper, including quotations, notes, and the list of works cited indent the first line of a paragraph half an inch from the left margin indent set-off quotations half an inch as.
Your essay should be typed and double-spaced on standard-sized paper (85 x 11), with 1 margins on all sides you should use a clear font that is highly readable apa recommends using 12 pt. Research paper - free download as pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online for free sabrina farley, reem albasha, maximo vara, ways of knowing, research paper, page 1/23. Step 1: get acquainted with contribution margin calculation contribution margin is the amount of money generated by selling a product over its variable cost of production.
Formatting a research paper headings, margins, paper: standard size 1/2 from the top and flush with the right margin, two or three words of cheap expository essay writers for hire uk the paper title. Works cited it appears at the end of the research paper on a new pinterest ressayre lyon guide to writing research papers mla style standard margins research paper helping others rewards you. Default margins research paper - instead of wasting time in unproductive attempts, receive qualified assistance here quality reports at moderate prices available here will turn your education into delight.
Most academic research papers have to follow standard apa, mla or harvard referencing and fornatting paper margins — 1″ on all sides font — 12-pt easily readable (eg times roman. College paper margins - no fails with our trustworthy essay services only hq academic services provided by top professionals hire the professionals to do your essays for you. Research paper margin - let us help with your bachelor or master thesis stop getting unsatisfactory marks with these custom dissertation recommendations commit your dissertation to experienced. An outline for a research paper is a visual reminder to include all of the pertinent details of your research into your essay or paper leave margins of your essay 1″ (25 cm) at the top, bottom, left.
I was flipping through the sale papers last night and came across this Graco booster seat for $15. I figured it was time for a big girl seat! Our baby is growing up!!!
that is so cool! I was actually fgoing to get Nate one of those when they were on sale last time. I thought it might not take up so much room in the back seat! She looks like such a BIG girl! I bet she likes buckling it by her self too huh?!
Archives July (1) April (5) March (2) February (3) January (6) December (2) November (1) October (1) September (4) August (5) July (5) June (4) May (6) April (7) March (4) February (2) January (3) December (2) November (22) October (6) September (7) August (7) July (6) June (14) May (7) April (5) March (3) February (12) January (7) December (3) November (13) October (4) September (2) August (1) June (2) May (1) April (1) March (4) February (3) October (3) September (10) August (3) July (3) June (7) May (7) April (11) March (21) February (16) January (28) December (4) November (4) October (12) September (8) August (4) July (2) June (4) May (8) April (7) March (9) February (12) January (10) December (7) November (6) October (10) September (8) August (6) July (8) June (2) May (10) April (5) March (8) February (11) January (4) December (9) November (4) October (7) September (11) August (4) July (2) June (12) May (10) April (9) March (10) February (15) January (20) December (11) November (16) October (11)
Making Farm Machinery Safer - Lessons from injured farmers - Rural Financial Counselling Service NSW - Northern Region
This report focuses on farm machinery injury. The work reported here identifies individual and machine characteristics that are associated with an increased risk of a serious farm work related injury. A comprehensive analysis of a series of farm machinery events is reported, and through the application of a human factors and systems approach, recommendations are made in relation to improving machinery design to reduce the potential for injury events to occur, and to reduce the severity of resulting injury when such events do occur.
This report is expected to be of interest to the agricultural industry, farm machinery manufacturers and dealers, occupational health and safety authorities, and those involved in farm safety programs.
AT Architecture is a firm with great individuals committed to making your dream project become reality. We are a service oriented firm who strive to make the process of design and construction a great experience. We work with all contractors and a variety of clients and do our best to make these relationships good to great.
Our experience is deep and covers most building types. Some of building types are churches, offices, industrial, retail, warehouse, residential (multi and single-family), medical, aquatic, recreational, and restaurant. Construction types vary from wood, steel, ICFs, SIPs, metal buildings, masonry to tilt-up concrete. We have experience working with sustainable materials and energy efficient designs (now called 'green'). Delivery types that we have been involved in include conventional design/bid/build, design/build, construction management, negotiated bid and denominational builders.
Alex is the president with over 30 years of experience and dedicated to providing services with excellence, integrity and innovation for reasonable fees. His experience covers most building and construction types.
Alex graduated from MSU (Montana State) School of Architecture in 1976. He worked in Minnesota for 1.5 years until they had the coldest winter they have had in 150 years. He moved to California where he practiced architecture for 20 years, 13 of those as a sole proprietor or partner. He moved back to Montana in 1997 (a God thing) and started 'AT Architecture' Dec. 6, 2002.
The Lord has has given him a passion for working with churches and para-church organizations. He has worked with over 150 churches.
Mark has over 28 years of experience in the architectural and construction field. His expertise is drawn from his experience as project architect and/or project manager for numerous projects throughout the northwest. A few of the projects mark have worked on are: Shoshone-Bannock Junior/Senior High School in Fort Hall Idaho, Pine Ridge High School in Pine Ridge South Dakota, Sinte Gleska University Multipurpose Facility in Mission South Dakota, and many many more. Mark has his Bachelor of Architecture from Montana State University (1980) and his Associate of Arts from FVCC in Kalispell(1976). Mark is a registered architect in Washington, Montana, Idaho, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming. Mark also has his NCARB Certificate, is a member of the American Institute of Architects, and is a member of the Montana Chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
John recently graduated from Montana State University with a Master's degree in Architecture. He is proficient and experienced in architectural design using Autocad, Revit Architecture, 3D Rhinoceros, Sketchup, and various rendering programs such as 3ds Max and VIZ Render. He also loves design work and is an adept Photoshop user and artist. He is excited to be entering into the profession he loves and is eager to serve you.
conejitozombie.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca.
size="2"> John Wall has missed about one-quarter of the games since he was the No. Cheap Air Max ...
Australian NBA rookie Thon Maker is hoping to return to training within days after spraining his wri...
TOKYO -- Multiple sports, including baseball and softball, moved a step closer to being included in ...
that span. Bledsoe takes a lot of things to heart, Watson said. Hes very purposeful with his words. ...
size="2"> John Wall has missed about one-quarter of the games since he was the No. Cheap Air Max Wholesale . 1 overall pick in the NBA draft. He ha...
Australian NBA rookie Thon Maker is hoping to return to training within days after spraining his wrist in his first preseason practice with Milwaukee ...
update about an hour later saying Decker was out of surgery and the doctor told her he did great.Dec...
TOKYO -- Multiple sports, including baseball and softball, moved a step closer to being included in the Tokyo 2020 Games after being described as a dy...
SUNDERLAND, England -- The Stadium of Light briefly failed to live up to its name as Sunderland beat Hull 3-0 in the English Premier League thanks to ...
linebacker from Bridgeton, New Jersey, have played in a game for the Huskies (3-4), who host UCF on ...
Chad Townsend has been one of the NRLs leading halfbacks this season, and is set to return to that form in Fridays preliminary final according to his ...
taff takes its cue from ace A.J. Burnett, who worked seven emotional innings in the opener. Burnett ...
MASON, Ohio -- Angelique Kerber has a chance to become No. Cheap Jordan 1 For Sale . 1 at the Western & Southern Open. The mens bracket is wide op...
teams chasing him, according to league sources.Sources told ESPN.com on Sunday that Gasol has receiv...
For months Gold Coast coach Rodney Eade believed he had a match-winning trio of tall forwards in Tom Lynch, Sam Day and Peter Wright. Air Jordan 9 Onl...
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals arent playing like a first-place team lately, and the Milwaukee Brewers have been delighted to take advantage o...
RICHMOND, Va. Air Max Scontate . -- DeRiante Jenkins scored 14 points off the bench as Virginia Commonwealth came one long-distance jumper away from d...
also,if you start with a 4-wheeled armored vehicle,should upgrade it to a 6x6,8x8,a tank ,a tank with 2 pairs of cattrepilars and go to the next level from(i don't have further ideas for that,invent something like a ,,hover-tank")and each level of the vehicle have a diferent behaviour on different lands(water,mud,sand...)and a bigger armor than the precedent.
I don't know ,would be fun,but don't make it too hard to use,keep it easy ,fluid gameplay and,most important,FUN
_ guided bullets. A bullet able to correct its trajectory (a little) but during the shot, the tank can't move and the player have a "bullet view" : easiest to kill but easiest to be killed.
and now,should be 3 teams:green(with a lizard-skin like texture ,you know,green with hexagons),special:bigger speed
thank you very much for all the ideas and feedback you provided to us. I have to admit that we will only be able to implement a few of your suggestions, due to the lack of funds and human resources we are currently facing.
With reference to the funds, why don't you setup a Paypal donate. It may not help a lot but something is better than nothing and a few people, including myself, would gladly put some money in to see this game develop.
Seeker wrote: With reference to the funds, why don't you setup a Paypal donate. It may not help a lot but something is better than nothing and a few people, including myself, would gladly put some money in to see this game develop.
Due to the fact that we would like to sell the full version of ZB in the near future, we think it's inappropriate to let people donate money before. Everyone who thinks this game is worth some euros(dollars) is welcome to support us by buying the full version.
We will release an autoupdater together with the final version and according to the financial success of ZB we are planning to release not only bug fixes but also some feature/content patches. Perhaps there will be even a "Zero Ballistics 2" someday
Seeker wrote: But don't you need money to get to the stage of it being ready for retail in the first place
Correct, that money is currently our private capital. If you have 200k to help us make Zero Ballistics the next AAA title, don't hesitate to contact us
Relaunched, revamped minerstat is ready to take the lead in enterprise-level crypto mining management – Quantus Crypto
Relaunched, revamped minerstat is ready to take the lead in enterprise-level crypto mining management
TALLINN, Estonia – Crypto mining powerhouse minerstat is excited to announce its comprehensive relaunch, marking a shift in the company’s offerings. They are now proud to offer enterprise-level specialized services aimed at empowering professional-level mining managers—that is, experienced clients who recognize that crypto mining is fast maturing into a highly-competitive industry that warrants sophisticated tools … Continue reading Relaunched, revamped minerstat is ready to take the lead in enterprise-level crypto mining management
The post Relaunched, revamped minerstat is ready to take the lead in enterprise-level crypto mining management appeared first on CoinSpectator Blog.
yellow throw pillows ikea clearance decor,yellow throw pillows cheap pale pillow by etsy ikea,yellow decor pillows throw for bed walmart shell style starfish sofa,yellow throw pillows cheap clearance canada for sofa,yellow throw pillows canada best cushions images on pillowcases cushion covers etsy cheap,yellow throw pillows etsy the right for a leather sofa pillow shopping couch target decor,yellow throw pillows for bed cheap clearance contemporary decorative with the modern home co by,yellow throw pillows for bed charming decorative cheap clearance etsy,yellow decor pillows throw canada clearance style cushion covers home decorative,yellow throw pillows love the grey white and canada clearance for bed.
"Being a genius, my ideas are naturally more important and interesting than other peoples, so I figure the world would benefit from a record of my mental activities." — Calvin
Select a post: select a post Top 10% Justin Bieber has banana The Rabbits in Memphis Consume…! My own experience of race in Charlottesville Bali, Indonesia, March 2018 Tokyo, April 2018 Progress John Hamon Banks are watching… Money-humping Don’t they breed well enough on their own? Must be a meme for that… Xi internet never forgets Penis Facial I have been pwned Beef and a Chief Personal Data Law R.I.P. Dad The Faces of Copyright Now is the time Rural Broadband Revisited If you’re good at it you deserve a medal American Bigotry AppleTV + HomePod Big Data and a Brown Paper Bag Buy more ammo Chiang Mai, Thailand, March 2017 Ha Noi, Sa Pa and Halong Bay, Vietnam, June 2016 Viral Post Like it or not; he is your president Death by Vice RIP Hans Rosling Scientific Method Sunrise from Sungate Lost and Found A Post Trumpian World 2564 There is no security Worth it Harbin, China — December 2015 Spiders have kinkier sex lifes than your college roommate Not the big cheese Cherry Blossom at Gardens by the Bay Who Controls The Nukes? Why Frotteurism Solar Eclipse, March 2016 Whips And Chains… ‘Cause Science! Low Friction User Identification on Shared Devices Kindle blue balls! #DontPrayForParis Apple Default Text Fail Prostitution and the Right to Privacy Wait. Festering what? Laying down the regulation All those benefits! Its A Roller Coaster. Editor Wars OPC Laser-Shaped Telescopic Glitter Clouds Artificial Wisdom The Big Lesson Do or Do Not, There is No Try Zen at Walden Pond Agra and Delhi, India, June 2014 Je Suis Charlie 12 and 24 hours in Istanbul 10 Years Lah Nagano and Yamanouchi, Japan, February 2014 Matsumoto, Japan, February 2014 Atrocities The internet is for porn and so is VR Pavlovian Conditioning War and Peace Sandman should be on HBO. Ways not to use text messaging Liberal Modernity and Secularism Making decisions based on trees and flowers Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, June 2013 An analog day Gold Coast, Australia, June 2013 The Bad Guys The internet is for porn Proper service Swastika Brand Coal Coke Pure Evil Tel Aviv, Israel, May 2013 Hiatus Some people Fly-Fornication Oh my… Old School To Lagos! Tweets by Device Hazy Days Look at my Laser… pew pew! Meetings: none of us are as dumb as all of us Prague, Czech Republic, November 2012 Immortialized Relevant in Thailand… MBS Sunset You are the product Meanwhile in the vote that matters A dialog on racism 貝宛璇 Olivia Anne Beggerly Of Nebuchadnezzar, Suppiluliuma and Gassulawiya A new kind of gun control Xenophobic Singapore Sydney, NSW, Australia, May 2012 iPhone iOS 6 UI Enhancement Request Obsessions Lytro Kill all the politicians. Kill ’em tonight! Squeeze… I live here. Disney Land with a Death Penalty, Revisited. Look what I did! Again! Trending on Mondays overmedicalized, poorly educated Americans Rave on Tracking things for no good reason Science proves the rich drive worse Western Wall Prayers Bukit Brown Cemetery Of black swans, flying pigs and the financial crisis Call to prayer, Istanbul, Turkey Singapore, Malaysia… Same-same! Northern Thailand, December 2011 Paying the politicians Strong Mojo We are all fish… Red Moon Rising But, then Texas can’t execute them. Pump and dump is a not a good business plan for consumers. Neurotic Guess Funding science. Evil. Mad. Science. Istanbul, Turkey, September 2011 How stupid is US corporate tax law? Move your money No pony for humanity… Jerusalem, Israel/Palestine — July 2011 Not quality 9/11/11 Ghost in my iPhone Nature: Sungei Buloh Wetlands Reserve A quake, a quake A silver lining Abandoned: Old Brunei Hostel Singapore Flyer Unfinished Tales Green Leaf, Water Drops One of those days… 17,524 The Internet, almost, never forgets Randoms thoughts on the Singapore General Election 2011 Social Graphing for fun and profit The stalker in your pocket part two The cloud is useless On time, within budget, fit for purpose Hegemony through holy genocide The stalker in your pocket Why cloud backup for your mobile will not be provided by your operator Secular Socialist Islamism Fuck you Sony Do Not Hump Bet I can Asserting their presence Ravenala madagascariensis Baked Earth or Nuked Earth? The Tribe Mentality Science Speak F U FB! What he meant… Kindle-ing Revolution… The Koi Piss off My time has passed Imperial Propaganda Sunset on the farm My Day The Hamlet Rural Broadband Coops Cleaning up after yourself YOG Fireworks No calls please Periwinkle Happy Birthday Tori In the movies that count Holey Parkinglots If Singapore Spied on US… Oodles of Noodles The future TV Too few capitalist? 13,600 Service Lines R.I.P. Gulf Shores, AL 2010 Nature: Chek Jawa, Pulau Ubin Good requirements, bad product 4d-infinity packing damage! Make love, not Porn Don Quixote Athens, Greece — March 2010 Ritual interrupted A bug in my iPhone What you say… Zoom Zoom Thaipusam 2010 Beantown bound Lovely splatter pattern The lions are coming Kyoto, Japan — January 2010 An ode to long flights iPhone OS 4.0 UI Enhancement Request Why I don’t eat meat… Entrance Keywords Not looking for another subscription Mobile Ad Serving Avant Garde vs. Usable Interface Design LNY vs CNY The separation of marriage and civil union Abandoned: Old Changi Hospital midnight musings: floating batteries and solar farms in the desert Technology is… Back from the land of the rising sun Marketing Speak New server The Age of Choices Shipping Error Intentionally blank? demonstrate their love Ask and thou shalt receive Repeat rejections and drive by recruiting Monkeying around Mother Jones! Again! Anomaly Dan Chung Don beggs or Farmer beggs? Goat Titty Beer Subliminal Messages Pandemic my ass Why is this photo popular? Bait and Switch Bob Madden Gmail ad snafu Malacca, Malaysia — October 2009 Cisco and Copenhagen the GRID Google should buy Iceland On sucking human expression Zoom Zoom Address Incomplete Bobblehead Desire Lines Crowed Sourced Traffic Cops Reality TV Dragonfly Grasp Frigging Lasers Man The Pirates of Iwo Jima Nature: Sungei Buloh Wetlands Reserve Abandoned: Old Changi Hospital One day I will live down my whoring Mark of The Beast Moments Newness The Mitre Hotel Haw Par Villa Jelly! Concerning Color Algorithms Happy Birthday Tori! Published 2 One small step The sidewalk incident Going Digital… Dealing with Swine Flu and the Art of Irony Thoughtless optimism We choose to go to the moon …, not because [it is] easy, but because… The Face in the Tree Chastity and Impotence Resetting the Rhetoric 六四 …could ruin your whole day The Great Dictator speaks Delayed identical twin Steal these photos! Again! Speak like this Download some good sense Comm 100 – Persuasive Speech A lost childhood? Published Startup… Make gods for me! Statement on Fashion A moment of Zen The Sun Also Rises Snake and Cake Doggy Dippers Chickens Eggs and Mousetraps Rome, Italy — November 2007 I’m going to hell… Red bells License Update Oldies but goodies GM Once, when I was a child… Novosibirsk, Russia — November, 2008 Yukata The Catcher in the Rye Inspiration What prayer do you want? The Internet Never Forgets sharethepassion Once were trees Bad Milk Childhood Remembered You died when… Prejudice Nap Time 貝宛玲 Amazed and stupefied They don’t save marriages and they don’t raise children Reading List JesusPhone Ridiculous Concept Typical Singaporean ‘Service’ Pittsburghese Victoria Lynn Beggerly Some Japanese goodness We’re All Stupid Blind Linkage! Fish Fetish: Reading Animal Liberation I am not ready Americanism I used to be somebody! Le personal blog est mort, vive le personal blog Baby beggs or Little LumMY? The symbols of power More Fragments From Hell We are all atheists… Over the edge Fish Fetish: Breatharianism 7 Months Faded Childhood Memories Passive Racism The End is Neigh, But Go Not Quietly… Inside me. Beautiful Masks Blue Interesting Uses for Elevators Software Engineers vs. Programmers So long Mosque Street Beach Booty Learning to Swim I think I’m going to need a bigger box… My god… it’s full of stars… Siena, Italy — November 2007 Killing for Economic Beliefs Supply and demand Pisa, Italy — November 2007 Why Fight the Losing Battles? Ignorance is not a defence Law Development Life Cycle The God Delusion Clean up 恭喜发财 OpenPhotoVR San Gimignano, Italy — November 2007 Confusion Icon Dragons of Thian Hock Keng Florence, Italy — November 2007 Venice, Italy — November 2007 Look what I did! Harold Bloom on the fall of the American Empire Verona, Italy — November 2007 Chili and Curry Red Light District thirtysomething Como, Italy — November 2007 Milan, Italy — November 2007 Fini Standards Too many people Taxi Rage American Business Back once again… American Workaholics Field of Dreams Amateur Security Urban Jungle Act like Monkeys Cockroach Radiation Because California has no bugs Trespassers will be Prosecuted American Fascism Beautiful Stinger The new America Jakarta, Indonesia — October 2007 Profits Not in charge of Gundam Vanilla Poop Copyright vs. Publicity Rights and the Creative Commons Money matters Perdido Beach Sunrise, August 2004 Hungry Ghost Who is the man in the picture? We Shall Privail! Keong Saik Cat Expectations Oxford, United Kingdom — July 2007 Down time Empires London, United Kingdom — July 2007 …my poor fool is hang’d! Bibles… Surreal Fourth Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam — June 2007 Math and Science CBD at Night Punishment Hong Kong SAR, China — May 2007 4077th Ayutthaya Buddha Singapore B&W: Esplanade Theatre I sold a photo! My mind is filled with bovine demons Moscow, Russia — March/April 2007 Authoritarian Tendencies Deportee Beggs behind the Iron Curtain How to spend $2.5 Trillion and improve things Jerusalem, Israel/Palestine — March 2007 beggs in the holy land! 恭喜发财 Fallen Idol Thaipusam 2007 Siem Reap, Cambodia — December 2006/January 2007 We used to have heros 囍 A new journey Best description of Singapore… ever. Go Down Foo Lion Poke it with a stick? Where Laptops Should not be Taken Montana and Virginia Short Short Story: In a Sandy Court Yard Jos Sticks I was born! Veronica Decides to Die The Third Season The Mustard Field Spike Thian Hock Keng Temple Starting an Apple rumor Everything has changed. Everything is the same. Jumping ship How Starhub screwed up it’s World Cup. Don’t use a mobile phone in a storm? A Creeping Orwellian State? What I believe Shanghai, China — March/April 2006 Burn it! Burn it! Thy Holy Handkerchief Pr0n shanghaied three blind mice Kyoto, Japan — December 2005 Paris, France — December 2005 Thaipusam Festival 2006 or ‘Stick it to me’ IT’S COMING!!! iTunes listens to ME! Eiffel Tower at night Dangerous Ideas Giving away a rock IBK*: the death of writting… what does it call itself? breaking news core dump Where is my southpark podcast one of those little annoyances iPorn Washington, DC, USA — July 2005 steal these photos! Coming (back) to America Beijing, China — September 2005 Kyoto, Tokyo and Matsumoto, Japan — March 2004 Singapore Botanical Gardens 96 hours in Beijing A year on Three Panel Buddha Pulau Ubin, Singapore — August 2005 New York City, New York, USA — August 2005 back in action… kinda Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam — May 2005 long time no updateness Umm… Yummy down time 15 minuets + SGD26 = more drugs than I need. toys Globalization and Its Discontents Have you seen my keys.. no really! fish tank Ben & Jerry’s… Communist sympathizers? The most beautiful girl do you feel that? Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia — March 2005 Animal Liberation simian eyes Completing the transformation da monkeys! — March 2005 Ayutthaya, Thailand — February 2005 Bangkok, Thailand — February 2005 yellow jacket new layout for photos Gulf Shores, Alabama, USA — August 2004 New York City, New York, USA — October 2004 Metro Washington DC, USA — Summer 2004 London, United Kingdom — October 2004 have you seen my keys? buttons, buttons, buttons! Dune interesting read… This discussion is over coming back to a pet store near you wondering eyes One more time around the sun embarrassing generosity inexcusable Chinese fire drill a thought half formed the sun also rises copyright… or copyleft? zhōngguó it doesn’t matter if they can sing Typical Thanksgiving Self indulgent whining What’s it all about? red, purple and blue not an al-key it’s Chicago. It’s not Chicago. mind numbing London calling a kiss… London calling around the world latent psychic powers manifest here I go again… native western-ness four floors of whores! devistation Asia lite leaving on a jet plane… family matters ads, ads, ads… pull over! do you feal secure? left coasters Tough Questions The Wall the whole story, or deja vu David crazy wochenende seeking roommate A Small Good surreal can’t go home again. oh my god well, that explains a lot and so once again slippery slope storm over the mall tidbits The Best Democracy Money can Buy In the Polly Magoo prisoner abuse and the ICC all men are created equal returning to cyber-space because japan is an island nation Updateness A good moment and now for something completely different… well, the check engine light was on anyway… programming note 1 everyone I know goes away in the end randomness founded 1247 getalif for your viewing pleasure… the snow makes it seem so peaceful why does it stress me? thought controlled robots XXVI unamerican words MMIII only mena! five fingered karma again brain damage! pen pen! reboot! Fishies! walking alone Urban Mythology prophets of an Orwellian world konichiwa Peru? No Peru. unamerican The Governator blame Canada! exerpts from a conversation in hell too much x-files going offline Blowhard 22 Keep on rollin deja vu! another week of drama long week! a taste of things to come leaving on a jet plane… be still my beating heart Man: fail; dog: pass. flying lemmings toys! ganbatte I think I’m going crazy… threat to democracy apt hunt update psychology of conservatism Shhh, be wery wery quiet ‘These Weapons of Mass Destruction cannot be displayed’ don’t call, don’t e-mail, don’t write the times, they are a changin’ politics… frankenfoods I see it! thank you pucker up congrats to Rob! walking forward, looking back ministry of information two issues back in business! aol no love me congratulations fractured thoughts leave it not unsaid what happened to the music? thats bs! life is a bitch oh! embarrassing! cash go down the hole… ripped off Mein verdammte auto ist kaputt a quake! a quake! brain fried another night out fading in and out mein Internet ist kaputt honesty and laziness dna life swims along esl stairs to nirvana back in business dude! thats wrong! baby steps another weekend report reasons miss you No solution it is the soldier free the mouse! weekend update more wasted money is it really war? web fun lost words speak out Cry havoc! decisiveness it’s all gone dc dmv bs a year reuters on germany fat tuesday snow regulation more computer issues hum… snow! IMHO so… New idea? columbia thoughs chat the beginning again? the end more natural selection and there was much drunkenness… sherman keeping in touch anti-war rally wrap up moving on… bush to do good? geoURL site smited why? Practical Ethics Watership Down The Age of Reason The Reprieve Troubled Sleep Identity Anna Karenina Catch-22 The Alchemist quarter century missing london who would you invite? alphabet v2.0 countdown to war The Name of the Rose road kill postal robots new year that’s not art another year attack of the fermented kim chi! drunk pachyderms redneckism natural selection plur no one to talk to only in britain! dmv headaches cannibal devours berliner dealing with death… again. why did they do that? Breakfast at Tiffany’s Moby Dick, or The Whale do what? here we go again wounds phone folly snow! anger/stress management. lonely turkey day Ulysses in a bar… crashing linux net access reach out and touch someone. president bush is a fucking genius not voting Magic Mountain If on a Winter’s Night a Traveler move in and first week of work homeland?! voyeuristic orgy housing update apt search update housing search reviews section The Brothers Karamazov Crime and Punishment A Hundred Years of Solitude Invisible Man The Silmarillion The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King nobel prize winners – 2002 radio station The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring Arden Shakespeare: Complete Works movable type ted rall’s war cry journal problems. some quotes… ramblings… gots me an edumacation! racism political silence. warhawks and doves censoring movies and parental responsibility lockheed interview and other thoughts interaction joblessness one year fish fetish midnight musings: extra food just another day at home. web site upgrade america bashing web site statistics midnight musings: creationism vs. darwinism paradoxes and oxymoron’s back to school midnight musings: the middle east ideas… music euphoria and the music industries greed. i am beggs stream of thought… new york, new york! nyc i need at job! now… reflection on america as the great nation. nobody loves me. things a trip to nova in four parts depression bon voyage! queenie körperwelten suicide (homicide) bombers in the US? catching up… it is done. fabric live. what’s wrong with me? switzerland, der schweitz, suisse, svizzera, svizra! creaping americanism rant… back to paris… france (or at least paris) me no study! why I am back in england two weeks early… wax nastalgic… dublin! in all the pain there is joy, you simply have to find it… feel good about yourself! deans… fuck –insert title here.– das ende what do I do? urban weather tunbridge wells. oh my lord am I exhuasted… b-day. greece trip summery what I learned in greece the truth about the internet vacation! the good, the bad and the ugly rave-o-matic toilet very old places… forum… operation elliot-ken pis! how does one say bail in flemish? anti-war rally. bomb? what bomb!?!?!? this one is for stephen… bombs over london — from the fornt lines of guy fawkes day decent into hell! eulogy for a pair of jeans. raves & smog demons! spaced out oxford reduced shakespeare. hypocrisy foul fowl. pale blue dot… cool website… sex in the city…. that fuckin show! blisters & bloody noses first “what the fuck!” expirience of the year. on a plane… war? where to now… the meaning of the national antham today americas luck ran out… my solution to the taliban funny… more headaches… yea, money for me… for me, me, me! money matters… nobody loves me…. t—– part IV using livejournals stuff now. tomatos as office food. syracuse trip t—– part III t—– part II T—– why am I doing this?
Select a month: select a month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 November 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 January 2015 November 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001
All content and design is copyright Brian Jeffery Beggerly aka "beggs", except where obviously quoted or used under Fair Use. All original content released under the Creative Commons Attribution License. Void where prohibited by law. Some assembly required. Best viewed on mind altering narcotics. No user-serviceable parts inside. As seen on TV! No shoes, no shirt: no service. Quantities are limited, while supplies last. Terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. No hamsters aloud. Yes, that means you. Do not fold, spindle or mutilate. No preservatives added. Do not mix with alcohol. Slower traffic keep right. Please stay on the line and a representative will be with you when they're done smoking crack. 100% not from concentrate. Do not block the intersection. No trespassing. No stopping or standing. Don't even think about parking here. This disclaimer was stolen from too many sources to name and comes with no warranty expressed or implied. Wow, you're still reading? That's so sad. Seriously, stop it. Stop now. Go and look at the rest of the site. There's nothing more to see here. Keep it moving. I'll wait here. I'll miss you. Come back soon. I think I love you.
Dear users of RFIllustrations.com, If you noticed any mistakes in the description, or you have questions about this image, please contact us about it.
sexy, PSP tubes, illustration, girl, woman, beautiful, pretty, psp tubes, pin-up, rock, hot, Pigeons, letters, mail, dress
Mean absolute error between sim and obs, in the same units of them, with treatment of missing values.
When an 'NA' value is found at the i-th position in obs OR sim, the i-th value of obs AND sim are removed before the computation.
If sim and obs are matrixes, the returned value is a vector, with the mean absolute error between each column of sim and obs.
The missing values in obs and sim are removed before the computation proceeds, and only those positions with non-missing values in obs and sim are considered in the computation
rat slippers the number one goes to some of creepiest ever seen cut a long story short you either love babies or hate them so much buy.
Where as before a secretary might only be utilised 40% of time time now they are put into pools so that this utilisation can be 100%. The impact of this is that where as a secretary might have previously been very responsive to any needs now there is a buffer of work going which the pool of secretaries will work through. The result of this is that the responsiveness to completing the work is reduced. For those people who are not 100% utilised people reduce their speed so that they fully use their time.
This pooling only works if the resources are fungible between different tasks. The challenge is that context switching between tasks can be up to 20% = mechanics of moving to a new task + reworking because of having to stop and move on to other tasks previously + immersion time + frustration + loss of team binding effect.
Direct communication is key, there should not be a restriction in requiring communication to go via their manager.
The cost of staff turn over = Time to get up to speed X (Salary + Overhead) X 0.5 X Number of employees X % Staff turn over
You can optimise for time or cost, not both – you can try to balance the two but if you want things done at the minimum time for the minimum cost this just results in stress.
Workers respond to increased pressure by trimming any remaining waste by concentrating on the critical path.
Aggressive scheduling can cause waste – by having people with particular skills arrive earlier than they can actually start the work. Additionally blame is put on the lowest employees and there is no accountability for the scheduling.
Sprinting can be an effective way to get to the finish line but this should be used sparingly. In contradiction continued overtime has negative consequences:
With an extra time, generally, extra work is done however the productivity of each hour is reduced. Regularly accounting uses the contracted hours not worked hours to calculate productivity.
Face saving is not labour saving – such as getting a manager to do clerical tasks (e.g. photocopying, document formatting etc) which could be done by a more junior individual. This would then free the manager up. The challenge is that such a gofer is seen as overhead so is always under pressure to be removed.
Over worked managers are doing things they shouldn’t be doing. It is quite common that these people are actually doing multiple roles – the management role as well as the role of someone in the team. The result is poorly completed lower level tasks and no management at all. The reason people do this is that if people have to look busy then doing doing a subordinate job as well provides job security and management is difficult where as the subordinate role is easier and instantly rewarding.
Over-stressed organisations are always understaffed. In fearful cultures people are challenged to deliver more for less and people don’t like to hear things they don’t like to hear.
When third parties are involved fearful companies will prefer to litigate rather than admit internally that they made a mistake. There is never a good outcome for either company from litigation but from an employee perspective in a company of fear blaming another company means that they save face for the manager inside the company.
Quality (both defect free and features) takes time, you can’t have both quality and quantity with the same quantity of people. “Quality” programs can often result in quality reduction, e.g. pushing things to the customer.
Directing an organisation is hard. Seeming to direct and organisation is easy. All you have to do is see the drift and tell people to go that way.
Managing by objectives gives you exactly what you task people to do – however in reality it is rarely what you actually want. As such these objectives regularly turn out to be counter productive. This promotes the idea of the company generally being in stasis and not prepared to take on new challenges which might result in huge growth.
Trust is a difficult thing to earn but it is important for managers to give more trust rather than less, generally in advance of it being earned. There is a risk that as a result the person could fail however without giving sufficient trust there would be no way for the person to learn and grow.
If you have to make a change it is much better to make a change while a company is growing, rather than when it is in decline. In the latter people will already be nervous and scared. When a company is growing people are happier to make a change if these see how this ties in with the company vision, which must be authentic.
The key role of middle management is innovation. If these managers don’t have sufficient slack they will not be able to spend the time innovating and the company will suffer. To achieve this these managers need to work together. “Healthy competition” is never healthy, when people are competing people are not collaborating and are in-fact working against each other.
When people are learning new things you can not expect people to work at the same rate as they were before. There is a natural slow down as people learn new skills and it would be foolish for companies to not take this into consideration when scheduling.
It is usual for people to only consider the earliest date and promise this to the business or clients. The delivery date will always be within a range of time – of which people should be fully clear on the range of possible dates or costs. There can be ways to reduce the potential risk for delay – the work to do this needs to be estimated at the start this way an informed decision can be made to do the risk reduction work as part of the project or not, this work will have an impact on the earliest delivery date but will reduce the latest delivery date.
Are there tasks on the work breakdown which might not need to be done if the risk does not materialise?
Your number-one mission as a speaker is to take something which matters deeply to you and rebuilds it inside the mind of your listeners.
be prepared. If people are giving up their time to listen then it is only fair that you invest time preparing
the organisation. People have no interest in how your NGO/company is organsied, focus on the products which people can get excited about
content is king. Although a good presented can make a dull topic interesting if there is no substantial content the audience will feel cheated
The key is to present one idea thoroughly – overstuffed = under-explained. Look to find something which is bigger than you and your organisation as your throughline – Show why it matters!
loose the ego, ever: name dropping, stories to show off, boast, talking about you not the idea, politics is divisive
parables – stories with meanings which relate to your topic can be a powerful way to engage an audience
It is key to string things together in such a way that people can follow you from where they start to where you want them to get to. These sequence of steps need to be built in such a way that everyone can follow the path and no one looses the way.
explain why people think the way they do or a situation which people can relate to which can be used to support the point
reduction ad absurdist – take the counter argument to a point where it created a contradiction, but be careful not to fall into mud slinging
Revelation. Ideal for presenting things which are difficult to explain. Set up the audience then let the images inspire.
don’t do year book team photos, if you want to include such a photo then just one organic team shot works best
either following a script or not, whichever suits you – don’t try to do something you aren’t comfortable with
Motorisation is time consuming – a memorised talk gets worse through memorisation before it gets better. You should memorise it to a level you can deliver the talk while you are doing other unrelated tasks.
Spoken and written language are different – if you are giving a talk you must use the language you would speak.
Rehearse, rehearse, rehearse. If it is worth peoples time to listen it is worth your time to practice.
Do the rehearsal in the exact outfit you are going to wear. This would pick up noised from earrings etc which you might want to change.
Use confidence monitors just to show your slides, don’t try to use speakers note or a script as this distances you from the audience
Grab peoples attention right away (don’t thank people for being there etc) the first 10 second and minute are key.
Ignite curiosity – as a surprising question which people want to know the answer to, but it must not be too broad to keep interest
Have a backup plan – perhaps a bullet point notes or a story to tell if there are technical problems
This book proposed that if you have the Best Working Conditions => you get the Best Programmers => to develop the Best Software => which results in Profit!
The preface for this is the the quality of the work and the amount of time spent are simply uncorrelated. Productivity is 5 to 1 or 10 to 1 between programmers. You can’t afford to be number two, or to have a “good enough” product. It has to be remarkably good, by which I mean so good that people remark about it. Having really, really, really talented software developers is your only hope for remarkableness.
The great software developers, indeed, the best people in every field, are quite simply never on the market. The average great software developer will apply for, total, maybe, four jobs in their entire career. Whereas bad people are on the market quite a lot.
Avoid advertising on general-purpose, large job boards as the bad people who are all over the market will apply and swamp you.
Students are lazy, with lots of options so can roll out of uni into a job. For the good ones try to attract them a year or two early – they might need some training but it is beneficial for both sides. You will likely need to have a contact at the Uni to find the best students.
Putting on headphones with music to drown out the ambient noise reduces the ability of programmers to have useful insights
Good chairs don’t cost that much more over their lifetime and if you take the cost per week it is cheaper than most other office facilities
People want to work with good, cheerful and happy people – Smart, and Gets Things Done and not a jerk
Managers can advise but they must be extremely careful to avoid having their “advice” interpreted as a command
people being promoted because of their ability to network rather than being promoted strictly on merit
being forced to do something that is technically inferior because someone higher than them in the organization, or someone better-connected, insists on it.
People want to work on something cool, exciting new languages attract people. Young programmers, especially, are attracted to ideological companies
Developers don’t really care about money unless you’re screwing up on the other things – it means people aren’t really loving their job. If potential new hires just won’t back down on their demands for outlandish salaries, you’re probably dealing with a case of people who are thinking, “Well, if it’s going to have to suck to go to work, at least I should be getting paid well.”. That doesn’t mean you can underpay people, because they do care about justice – you do have to pay competitively, as long as the salaries are basically fair they will be surprisingly low on their list of considerations. Offering high salaries is a surprisingly ineffective tool in overcoming problems
Use a strictly objective system of reviewing and sorting them, this is not a filtering criteria it is just to sort a big pile of CVs to find candidates who are most likely to be suitable so they get interviewed first
People who love programming often work on their own programming projects (or contribute to an open source project) in their spare time.
Sometimes certain programming languages or technologies indicate evidence of someone who loves to explore new technologies
Specific covering letter to the company, a custom cover letter is a sign that if we do make this candidate an offer they’re likely to accept it
programmers who can communicate their ideas clearly – so neat, well structured and gramatically correct CVs
Trying to bring new ideas into the team – to break people out of group-think and their own echo chamber
Great developers are likely to have enough options of places to work that any extra hoops will put them off bothering to apply.
Any technology you know right now might be out of date in a year, you are looking for people who pick things up quickly and can learn new things – so don’t filter CVs on key words.
Get the candidate to describe their career history and basically tell me about themselves. Looking for:
Politics: How the candidate handles challenges. Looking for people who got things done, even in the face of opposition. I’m looking for people who challenged the status quo, who overcame objections, and who made things happen. Whose idea was it? Who convinced whom? Who did what? Did it work out? Why not?
Get the candidate to solve a technical problem. This should take something the candidate is familiar with but are unlikely to have implemented themselves. The aim is to look at their approach rather than getting them to speak code over the phone.
Get the candidate to ask questions about the company. This shows if they have done any research and what they are interested in.
People who are just looking for trivia e.g. “What’s the difference between varchar and varchar2 in Oracle 8i?”, smart does not mean knows trivia, aptitude is more important. Any skill set will be out of date in a couple of years
don’t listen to recruiters opinions, don’t ask around about the person before you interview them, never talk to the other interviewers about the candidate until you’ve both made your decisions independently. This provides the least amount of bias for or against the candidate.
are passionate, they might be passionate in favor or against but passion is key. Bad candidates just don’t care.
ask them to find bugs in their code, even in the unlikely event there are none, to see how they approach it
Even if they are a bad candidate, you want them to like your company and go away with a positive impression.
Don’t ask questions such as are they married, have kids etc even in a conversational way as this adds nothing and the candidate might feel this has been used against them which is likely illegal.
“Back of the envelope questions” e.g. How many piano tuners are there etc are a good way to provoke a conversation.
Great people are much, much more valuable than average people – three to ten times as productive, costing 20% or 30% more
Firing poor performers can increase moral because poor performers are taking time away from the good performers. If you can’t fire them move under-performers to a place where they can’t cause any impact.
Micromanaging would require a huge amount of managers to micromanage everything. That or you hit and run not seeing the consequences of your decisions.
Give them financial rewards and punishments to create incentives, aka replaces intrinsic motivation with extrinsic motivation.
When you stop paying the bonus, or when they decide they don’t care that much about the money, they no longer think that they care, even though they might have cared before you started giving them a bonus for it.
They’ll find some way to optimize for the specific thing you’re paying them, without actually achieving the thing you really want.
Make a point of of eating lunch with my coworkers. It’s hard to understate what a big impact this has on making the company feel like a family, in the good way.
This is a really interesting book, they take the HR concept and expand it into being everything to help the people side of the bussiness work more efficient. The results sound simple, by the challenge is how to apply them for which the book gives some stories including things which go bad as well as things which go well.
We all want our work to matter. Nothing is a more powerful motivator than to know that you are making a difference in the world.
The book highlights that if you feel like a founder then you will be more invested into the work, you will want everything to improve and you will feel empowered to get things changed. If you trust people to want to make things better then you have to make space and support to allow them to do it. Additionally if you trust people then you should not be afraid to share information with them. By simply sharing data and being transparent performance improves. The book has the point “Give people slightly more trust, freedom, and authority than you are comfortable giving them. If you’ve not nervous you haven’t given them enough.”
People are the most important part of your bussiness. Without them you have nothing. Peoples abilities are not a normal distribution, it is a power-law as such the best performers perform dis-proportionally better.
Personal development is key to improving your workforce, however if this is ties into performance management then people shut down to constructively improving things. It is only possible for people to be receptive to development if there is no consequence on pay etc.
Focus on the worst performing 5%, by helping them they might be able to become average employees. If they continue to struggle then they either the position or the company which is not the right fit for them. Study your top performers and see what they are doing which others can learn from – get them to teach others, if they teach they reflect on their own work and can actually learn from themselves as well.
There are many things which companies can provide with no cost to the company but help the employees hugely – e.g. a barbers van, which saves the people time outside of work, or speakers which just generally require a space to present. However there are times when people need support, such as the birth of a baby or the death of a partner – at these times the company should be generous to support during these times. Celebrate success with gifts and experiences as people will remember them longer.
The benefit from your top performers dis-proportionally more than the average so you should pay people based on the value they add.
There are ways to get more of what you want, e.g. aiding new starters get up to speed quicker by giving the manager a checklist. Use data, surveys and checklists to get the improvements you are looking for.
The more you give the more people expect, but when you are trying things out brand them as temporary or as a trial so that you set the expectations and people know what to expect and to know that things don’t last forever.
The challenge to all of these is that things might go wrong – this is a risk that they knowingly make and although things do go wrong the amount of good far out weighs that. The book spends a long time talking about culture and that what you do should reflect your values.
The book presents the Why, What, How model and how this applies to businesses. Businesses where the products that they produce and how they produce them echo the why the company exists have a much clearer and easier to understand message for customers and employees to understand and to be passionate about. The book presents an easy way to imagine this which he terms the celery test.
The Celery Test – the example presented is if you go to the supermarket and have celery, rice milk, Oreos and M&Ms in your basket if someone looks at this they would have no idea why you are buying them. If your why was to be healthy then you would only buy the celery and rice milk. Now imagine that these different items are products or ideas, if you have lots of different products but they don’t follow your why then people will have no idea why you are making all of these products where as if you start with why and if everything reinforces your why then it is extremely clear to people what your companies Why is.
There were a number of interesting stories in the book talking about people such as Steve Jobs and Apples why of revolutionising through technology, Martin Luther King and his I have a dream not I have a plan speech, and more.
One thing which was really interested was how commodity products only differentiate each other on the smallest of additional features. People are not passionate about companies which produce commodity products, they buy them purely on a comparison basis next to another product. This is a fine bussiness but it will never be an amazing business.
The most interesting thing for me was why bussiness succession often fails. If you think about Bill Gates stepping down and Steve Ballmer taking over, Bill is strongly a why person but he needs what and how people around him to succeed. Steve appeared to be a natural successor, knowing the bussiness inside and out but Steve was not a Why person, he was a what and how person and as such when he took over he was not someone who was able to take on the role Bill provided at Microsoft – the why the company existed and its motivation for the future.
Businesses are designed to be stable – shareholders want predictable growth and returns. However for a bussiness to catch the next big wave this is counter to stability. To internally grow a new bussiness it is likely to result in a reduction of the current results. To facilitate the growth of a new bussiness line extreme care needs to be taken to prevent innovation stagnation or from competition from other companies.
Most of the revenue and profits are generated in this zone. The aim of this zone is to drive the top line sales numbers. Here products are stable and customers are relatively loyal. Each bussiness here constitutes > 10% of the total enterprise revenue. Here if our current plan is failing we can do one of three things:
When a new fledgling bussiness comes along it is critical that this becomes the number one priority. It has to scale to >10% within a maximum of 3 years else it will be suffocated by the other bussiness lines. This means hitting targets is now the second priority as failing to scale the new bussiness line will mean that you will have missed the opportunity and all of the work to get it to this stage will have been wasted, additionally this bring on of a new bussiness line is a temporary upheaval which should return higher profits in the future.
The first principle of zone defence is that you must never attempt to disrupt yourself. As an established enterprise, your number-one asset is the inertial momentum of your installed customer base. Your number-two asset is an ecosystem of partners that makes its living adding value to your established offerings.
“Successful disruptions disrupt other companies’ bussiness, not their own.” If you are being attacked your target should be to neutralise the opposition (e.g. taxi firms using ride haling apps to counter Uber). These neutralisation assets could come from work you are doing in the incubation zone.
Source of revenue vs channel of revenue. Each cell must be accounted for, not just the rows and columns. The rows must be >10% of the revenue to be taken seriously. As such only things in the performance zone are present here.
The aim of the productivity zone is to improve the bottom line numbers. Here all of the functions which do not have direct accountability for revenue – such as Accounting, marketing, supply chain. The aim of the zone is
Regulatory compliance – Culture, values and tone set the direction of compliance with oversight, detection and remediation to correct. You have to design compliance in and monitor it vigilantly.
When budgeting these functions should be separate from the budget for other bussiness units since all other zones use their function – each bussiness unit should not need to estimate how much of the shared service they will use.
One key thing in this zone is to consider the end of life of bussiness units when it would be better to use the internal resource on something which brings the company more value. The best way is to have an end of life shared service since killing products is a specialist task.
This is the place for ideas which are several years out. The ideas in the incubation zone should not be incremental of what you have currently (this is for the performance zone), these are for things which could grow into being their own credible disruptive innovation delivering billions of dollars of revenue within a decade. In the incubation zone it should build a highly competitive product into a bussiness with between 1-2% of the companies revenue, so this needs the best people. These are businesses in their own rights with specialist sales, marketing and competitive services to compete against other startups.
The businesses in this zone are overseen by a venture board, here they decide on investment into independent operating units. Each unit is run the same way as a startup with venture-funding and milestones. Space in the incubation zone is limited so if a unit fails its technology should be assimilated into existing products and the team moved on. Successful units then have the option to move to the transition zone, if it is not already occupied, the technology could be introduced into an existing line of products, the unit could be spun off as a start up, sold (though seeking buyers might be a distraction) or shut down.
When bringing on a new bussiness unit into the main bussiness it will cause problems for your existing bussiness. As an example your sales teams don’t have the contacts to sell these products. Things in the transformation zone will under-deliver in the short term, but the aim of this is long term gain and bussiness stability.
The majority of the time the transformation zone is empty, a bussiness can not cope with such huge change very often. The most important thing to do is to complete the transformation than to make the current numbers – the growth of this bussiness unit is the businesses future, not its present. A company can only undertake one transformation at a time, taking on two at the same time will be too much for the company to bare. For the transformation to be successful every leader in the company must be aligned with the transformation.
From the moment a unit enters the transformation zone until it gets to 10% of revenue it will be a very destabilising forces within the company – above 10% it starts to stand on its own.
Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration by Ed Catmull
I found this book a really interesting read, partially as it is a familiar story to us but from the inside you get a very different perspective. The focus on success never being a guarantee and that everything is random are two particularly powerful points. Without a random sequence of events Pixar would not be what it is, Disney animation studio would still be struggling and the world would be a much worse place as a result.
The book starts with the story of how Pixar came into existence from being part of Lucasfilm then being sold to Steve Jobs. At the time the company made hardware then evolved into software until the movies it is famous for today. The challenges the book go through are similar to any growing company or one which stagnates but it also tells the personal stories of Ed Catmull (the author), John Lasseter and Steve Jobs.
Unleashing creativity requires that we loosen the controls, accept risk, trust our colleagues, work to clear the path for them, pay attention to anything that creates fear. Doing all these things won’t necessarily make the job of managing a creative culture easier. But ease isn’t the goal; excellence is.
The book has a chapter with the following points, but I have added some of my own notes from the book to the end.
Give a good idea to a mediocre team, and they will screw it up. Give a mediocre idea to a great team, and they will either fix it or come up with something better. If you get the team right the chances are that they’ll get the idea right.
When hiring people, give their potential to grow more weight than their current skill level. What they will be capable of tomorrow is more important than what they can do today.
Always try to hire people who are smarter than you. Always take a chance on better, even if it seems like a potential threat.
If there are people in your organisation who feel they are not free to suggest ideas, you loose. Do not discount ideas from unexpected sources. Inspiration can, and does, come from anywhere.
It isn’t merely to be open to ideas from others. Engaging the collective brainpower of the people you work with is an active, ongoing process. As a manager, you must coax ideas out of your staff and constantly push them to contribute.
There are many valid reasons why people aren’t candid with one another in a work environment. Your job is to search for these reasons and then address them.
Likewise, if someone disagrees with you, there is a reason. Our first job is to understand the reasoning behind their conclusions.
Further, if there is fear in an organisation, there is a reason for it – our job is (a) to find what’s causing it, (b) to understand it, and (c) to try to root it out.
There is nothing quite as effective, when it comes to shutting down alternative viewpoints, as being convinced you are right.
In general, people are hesitant to say things which might rock the boat. Braintrust meetings, dailies, postmortems, and Notes Day are all efforts to reinforce the idea that it is okay to express yourself. All are mechanisms of self-assessment that seek to uncover what is real.
Many managers feel that if they are not notified of a problem before others are or if they are surprised in a meeting, then that is a sign of disrespect. Get over it.
Careful “messaging” to downplay problems makes you appear to be lying, deluded, ignorant, or uncaring. Sharing problems is an act of inclusion that makes employees feel invested in the larger enterprise.
The first conclusion we draw from our success and failure are typically wrong. Measuring the outcome without evaluating the process is deceiving.
Do not fall for the illusion that by preventing errors, you won’t have errors to fix. The truth is, the cost of preventing errors is often far greater than the cost of fixing them.
Change and uncertainty are part of life. Our job is not to resist them but to build the capability to recover when unexpected events occur. If you don’t always try to uncover which is unseen and understand its nature, you will be ill prepared to lead.
Similarly, it is not the managers job to prevent risk. It is the managers job to make it safe to take them.
Failure isn’t a necessary evil. In fact, it isn’t evil at all. It is a necessary consequence of doing something new.
Trust doesn’t mean that you trust that someone won’t screw up – it means you trust them even when they do screw up.
The people ultimately responsible for implementing a plan must be empowered to make decisions when things go wrong, even before getting approval. Finding and fixing problems is everyone’s job. Anyone should be able to stop the production line.
The desire for everything to run smoothly is a false goal – it leads to measuring people by the mistakes they make rather than by their ability to solve problems.
Don’t wait for things to be perfect before you show them to others. Show early and show often. It’ll be pretty when we get there, but it won’t be pretty along the way. And that’s as it should be.
A company’s communication structure should not mirror its organisational structure. Everyone should be able to talk to anybody.
Be wary of making too many rules. Rules can simplify life for manager, but they can be demeaning to the 95% who behave well. Don’t create rules to rein in the other 5% – address abuse of common sense individually. This is more work but ultimately healthier.
Imposing limits can encourage a creative response. Excellent work can emerge from uncomfortable or seemingly untenable circumstances.
An organisation, as a whole, is more conservative and resistant to change than the individuals who comprise it. Do not assume that general agreement will lead to change – it takes substantial energy to move a group, even when all are on board.
The healthiest organisations are made up of departments whose agenda differ but whose goals are interdependent. If one agenda wins, we all lose.
Our job as managers in creative environments is to protect new ideas from those who don’t understand that in order for greatness to emerge, there must be phases of not-so-greatness. Protect the future, not the past.
New crises are not always lamentable – they test and demonstrate a company’s values. The process of problem-solving often bonds people together and keeps the culture in the present.
Excellence, quality, and good should be earned words, attributed by others to us, not proclaimed by us about ourselves.
Don’t confuse the process with the goal. Working on our processes to make them better, easier, and more efficient is an indispensable activity and something we should continually work on – but it is not the goal. Making the product is the goal.
Stick to your beliefs – if you pride yourself in producing quality products, don’t let anyone make you make a low quality product.
Trust, candor and respect are very important thing to develop,but they need a focus as they can disappear without people realising. A group of people who highly respect each other and are prepared to be completely open and honest results in a product which is of a superior quality – in Pixar this includes the Brain trust.
From an early age in life people are taught that failure is bad – this is not the case failure is learning, and you will learn more from failure than you will from accidentally being successful.
“You’ve got to feed the beast” – for Disney these were animators, these are the people who your paying to do the work so people keep them busy doing stuff. Controlling the beast is important and sometimes ideas need to be protected.
People at Pixar don’t have contracts, they are there because they want to be and can leave at any time. This also means that instead of waiting for peoples contracts to expire, and to not renew them, conversations between management and employees happen as soon as they are needed.
Peoples brains are wires in a manner than things need to be explained. Humans don’t like the idea of randomness but ran random events happen all of the time. It is natural to assume that your product was a success because the team was great, but it could just have been you were lucky.
As people move higher up they see less. The position you are in means that people act differently around you and the issues you are looking for are hidden from you. You don’t understand what is happening on the “shop floor” as it is complicated, it is not possible to understand everything but additional view points should be considered additive and not dictatorial.
Even though people like getting a bonus they enjoy being shaken by the hand and appreciated as much or more than the money.
Hindsight is not 20-20, we know more about the past but we still interpret things differently as shown by two people recanting the same story. These are based on our own internal models. We also fill in the gaps and try to draw conclusions – some of which will be too sweeping.
Research is key – the best way to be in a creative world is to be immersed into the environment you need to be creative within. So in Pixars case if you need to animate a flamingo the best way is to go to the zoo to observe one. This also prevents derivative work and not new creativity.
The book has details of Steve Jobs role with Pixar. Other than taking it over from Lucasfilms he ensured that it was strong against Disney which was many times its size. One of the key achievements was its flotation – right after its first full length film. Steve knew that once the film was launched Disney would want to renegotiate soon after the success of the first film, to ensure that Pixar had a strong hand he needed to build up the finances and do this by floating the company at a very astute time.
The book has a very interesting description of the process of the merger between Pixar and Disney. How Steve Jobs wanted to ensure the survival of Pixar and he could not see it being independent since it lacked distribution and marketing ability. Disney was the perfect match but the risk was Pixar would be subsumed into the Disney animation studio and squashed – Steve knew this and to protect Pixar he ensured that the management of Pixar took a lead at Disney Animation.
The goal talks though the conversion of a manufacturing plant which had been running using cost accounting and its embracing of Lean manufacturing. The way the book is presented is quite novel in that its presentation is as a story where you go on a journey with the plant manager as he faces being closed down.
Through the course of the book Kanban is presented and applied to the plant. The book covers things such as challenging the productivity views of robotics, showing how the entire productivity of the plant is dictated by its bottlenecks, that you need excess capacity and you can’t run everything at 100% without building up large amounts of inventory which may or may not be sold.
The production line approach, made famous by Ford for the production of cars, was an extremely efficient form of production because of the flow of work but for such a system you need large volumes to warrant a dedicated line. The aim of lean manufacturing is to take the idea of flow and apply it in environments where the volumes are not sufficiently large to warrant their own production line.
Flow is key to shipping products to costumers – the key is to reduce the time from when a customer places an order to the point where we get the money for it.
This does not work with traditional local optimisations. This usually means large batch sizes since the set up of the machine is likely to be significant and traditionally people then try to produce as much of the parts as possible from the single set up. This results in large amount of in progress inventory which adds no value in its current form. Additionally the larger the batch the longer the parts need to wait – 99% of the lead time to produce a product can just be it waiting to be processed. To facilitate flow it is key that the focus on these machines is to improve the the efficiency of the set up time so that the machine is able to produce smaller batches which reduce the amount of over produced inventory and the waiting time thus reducing costs and lead time.
When there is an issue with flow inventories accumulate and the order lead time increases and reduces bussiness cash flow. One way to improve flow is by limiting space, this prevents the building up of large inventories. This is counter to previous approaches since limiting space means that not every worker will be busy all of the time, only bottlenecks will have the high levels of utilisation. By stopping people work it quickly highlights any issues in the flow and these can then be resolved. This means that the focus is always of making the bottlenecks more efficient – which is key since any time lost at a bottleneck will impact the output/productivity of the entire site. Things such as putting quality control before the bottleneck will improve the throughput since the bottleneck won’t work on parts which will be rejected later. Ensuring the bottleneck is able to run none stop, such as by splitting breaks so that people can cover it continuously.
The challenge of small production quantities and small buffers is that gridlock could happen where parts are not available for assembly when the space is already filled up. A solution for used in Kanban is instead of restricting buffer space between manufacturing steps the amount of products which can be produced are. The Kanban system uses the idea that when you want to ship something to the customer this triggers all of the preceding steps required to manufacture the product. The way this is achieved is through the use of cards, these cards are passed from the end of the production line towards the beginning each one triggering the manufacturing of the parts required to produce the product which is trying to be constructed.
Lean can not be applied to all industries, because of the time it takes for Kanban to produce an efficient manufacturing process it only works for products which do not change for a significant period of time – this works better in a car plan where new models are only released once a year. Additionally Lean does not work where the products are produced sporadically – because of the buffers the product needs to be being produced on a continuing basis. Lean also only works where the mix of products being produces are fairly consistent. Any of these three will reduce the effectiveness of lean.
How to Recruit and Hire Great Software Engineers: Building a Crack Development Team by Patrick McCuller
You should be hiring people with the right attitude and the capability to learn, master and teach since although you know what you are doing now you don’t know what you’ll be doing 1,3,5 or 10 years from now.
Hire top performers, hiring anything less than the best will hurt your bussiness. Talent bring talent, incompetence repels talent. A mediocre or low performer will not aid the team and will actually diminish its performance though having to deal with messed up projects or missed deadlines. It is generally easy to identify low performers and exceptionally high performers, the challenge comes with the mediocre ones – once hired these people are very difficult to remove because they are not doing anything wrong they are just not capable of performing at the high levels which you need. Top performers perform between 10 to 16 times more than an average one.
Understand your current pool of talent, ask them to periodically update their CVs to map out the teams current knowledge and experience. Knowing who is in the team will identify holes in the team if they need filling and will help you focus your recruitment if you need to replace someone. Critically the profile needs to look at leadership, experience (tenure, technologies etc), style (cautious, quick, adventurous, perfectionist) and roles (build engineer, tool engineer, user interface developer etc). Engineers have two preferences, either creators or optimisers. As a project changes from the start-up/creation phase into the optimisation phase this might mean that the people in the team needs to change to ensure that the engineers are still being suitably challenged.
Hire ahead where possible – the pressure of hiring someone urgently to fill a role will always lower quality through subconscious if not though concious bias.
First hires on a team are critical – you need engineers who are leaders and great communicators, who inspire the team both technically and on a personal level developing and coaching them.
Its a race – how quickly can you hire? because if someone else can hire quicker the candidate might be off the market before you have got very far through your process. Look at the process, the barriers and try to reduce the process to as short a time as possible – could you go from candidate to decision in one day? Can you speed things up, remove steps or reject candidates earlier? There are ways to make things quicker without lowering the quality of the candidates.
Candidates as customers. Candidates will be more likely to work for a company with a simple and enjoyable hiring process. If your candidates experience is exceptional, they will notice, talk and refer others to you. You will turn down a lot of candidates so if they are treated well rejected candidates can still spread the word about your company. So ask the candidates how they found the process, see what they say and improve things. By being as open with the candidate as possible they will know what to expect and so can perform at their best – provide a guide for the candidate to know what the steps of the process are. During the interview the words chosen should be straightforward – uncommon or complicated words should be avoided, not just for people for who the interviewing language is not their first language but for all candidates. There are some people who should just not be allowed to interview – for whatever reason they are not the suitable, these people should not be forced to interview as these people will leave a bad experience with the candidates.
Passive candidates need wooing – this might be extra steps such as a getting to know you phone call, speaking with developers, pre screening etc. Reduce the barriers to entry – such as not requiring a fully up to date CV however all candidates should be treated fairly. Don’t make exceptions for one if you are not prepared to make exceptions to all.
Active candidates contain a large number of people who can’t hold down a job, don’t have sufficient skills (e.g. new graduates). These sort of candidates gain a lot of experience at being interviewed.
Job descriptions are not inspiring – why would anyone work for a company based on a job description. If your target is passive candidates especially then they will either ignore or not care for the job description, so how can you attract such people but still provide them with the details of what they will be doing? A passion statement, this shows the passion for the company – Why are they doing what they are doing? Why should people work for you? and don’t present it in a dull form.
Great software engineers know other great software engineers, tapping into their network is immensely powerful but engineers themselves are usually not very good at seeing or networking. Additionally it is likely that their immediate group of contact are not looking for a job but encouraging them to speak about your company both to their immediate network and their wider network (friends of friends) is a great way to spread the word about your company.
Recruiters want to make money, if you reject all of their candidates they will not send you any more. The best way to improve this is better explain the candidate you are looking for to them, to explain the company, to help them better understand what you are looking for. The more information they have the more suitable candidates they will send to you and thus the better the candidates the more you will hire and the more money they will make. So spending time with recruiters is a great way to improve the quality of the source of candidates. Just remember that because the recruiter is incentivised to hire people they are likely to do whatever they can to help the candidate get the job (such as leaking interview questions etc).
Contract hires, instead of a long laborious interview process hire more freely on a short term contact then if they are performing well look to give them a permanent contract. To the author this has always turned out to be counter productive and a distraction rather than a benefit.
Unfortunately it is part of the concious for people to want to hire people “just like them”, this introduces bias be it sexism, ageism, universityism etc these are a challenge so when people say why they should not hire someone try to get to the root of it. For new starters working in another country it is likely that this bias is even greater. Don’t bother searching the internet for details about a candidate – it is as likely that you will find out irreverent information as relevant information, as such the risk of bias is greatly increased. Consider if the interviewer actually needs to have seen the CV or not – if the interview is competency based then there is no need for a CV then they should not see it since this will introduce additional unneeded bias. The HR team should redact any information which is not important to the hiring process and could introduce bias – such as gender, age, marital status etc.
Identify the source of the candidate, where you get a good source spend more time getting candidates through that source. Different recruitment companies and even recruiters have different approaches so try to focus on the ones which work best for you.
Lower the barrier to entry. Do you really need 6 years of Java experience? CV screening is quick simple and cheap – but this drastically reduces your pool of candidates for no good reason. Someone doing the same project for 6 years gaining Java experience is very different to someone working for 2 years on a variety of projects. Interviewing is expensive but it is better to look at your interview process, such as telephone interviews, rather than being harsh on CV content. When going through CVs look for positive points, negative point and neutral points. If the positive outweigh the negative then the candidate is worth interviewing. Positive items are things such as length of experience, relevant experience, variety of experience, education, computer science experience (such as university but specifically computer science rather than just Java courses), patents and publications (though reading these is not recommended), responsibility. Negative items are “wall of words” but not saying what the individual did, lengthy CV and quickly changing companies. Things to discard when reviewing a CV, things such as breaks in service, irrelevant information, small spelling or grammatical errors – especially when dealing with people who’s first language is not English.
Telephone screening provides its own challenges because of the unnatural narrow band of communication. A simple problem can become difficult and a tricky problem can become impossible over the phone. Asking open questions such as about recent projects can just use up valuable interview time because the power is passed to the candidate. Posing coding questions should be short, typically 30 seconds and can be conveyed without confusion and the answer to which are just a few lines long. An alternative is to use a shared screen so that there is no room for confusion.
To maximise the use of interviews ensure that there is some coordination over who is going to ask which questions to prevent repetition. Four or five experienced interviewers are the optimal number. When handing over the candidate don’t discuss the candidate to prevent bias. Gain feedback from interviewers independently before discussing the candidate.
If the candidate says that they are suffering from outside stress offer to reschedule the interview for a time when they are better able to focus on the interview process. During interviews candidates will be at their best. As an example if the candidates English is a challenge it is likely to be worse once they are hired, however a thick accent should be forgiven since after a day or two of working with the individual you will quickly get used to the way they speak. If the candidate makes inappropriate jokes or comments these are likely to be more prevalent once they start. If the candidate has strange mannerisms (such as restless legs etc) these can be medical conditions or stress induced and should be ignored. If there is silence then let it happen, this could be the way the candidate thinks and so you should be happy to let a little time pass for the candidate to focus. A large number of candidates lie, if you suspect a lie push it a bit to find out more – it is likely the candidate will admit to a misunderstanding however if the candidate gets caught up in their own lie the author has highlighted the issue and contradictions and then ends the interview process. Candidates expect certain questions, if you ask questions which are similar to these but are not the same then the candidate might inadvertently answer the wrong question in which case you should highlight the difference to clear the confusion up for the candidate. Where possible get them to do the job you will expect them to do and see how they get on, for jobs where you can’t do this ask them questions about their past jobs but remember it is likely the responses will be on the positive side. The book goes into many more details about interview questions than I am going to cover here.
Interviewers are only able to asses people of a similar level – it is very hard for a junior developer to asses the difference between a senior and a principle developer. This can be a real issue where you are looking to recruit a competency into a team that you don’t currently have as people will be recruiting outside of their field of expertise. Training interviewers through shadowing, classes and workshops, documentation and guides, coaching, practice interviews and then once they are actually interviewing candidates to continue to provide feedback so they are always improving. It is especially important to get interviewers to understand between domain knowledge and capabilities, if the candidate does not have the knowledge but has the capabilities then they will quickly pick up the knowledge.
Hire the best engineers you can afford and keep going till you run out of money/budget. During hiring there is always a margin of error. Hiring a poor performer is quickly correctable, you can just let them go. It is difficult to fire someone for doing just and “all-right” job. Hire the candidate is all of the things you want and nearly none of the things you don’t. “Nice” people are not enough, they need to have capability the nice people who are pleasant to everyone but when they start have no capability to do the work are the hardest to let go. You should never hire people who: slam former employers, severely irritates anyone, lies or deceives, ignores goals. Never hire below your standard, the hire will have impact for their entire tenure at the company which could exceed your own.
Feedback can give the option for a candidate to argue about an already made decision and potentially could give the option for a legal challenge. As such, if the HR team do not already have guidelines of what you say, the author recommends giving more generic feedback such as “You were not a great match today. Gain some more experience, hone your skills-coding, design and so on and consider applying again in a year or two”.
Keep and analyse records – not just of the candidates but of the recruiters. Review the data regularly. If you hire someone then let them go, was there any data which could have given you the information earlier? If a candidate performs really well were there things which you could pick up on to help identify this earlier? etc.
The amount you pay developers falls between the bounds of local market rate at the lower end up to creating golden handcuffs at the top. If you want great developers you need to pay them appropriately but over paying people will mean people who should not take the job take it only for the money and get tied in so they can not leave. Decide what your offer is and make it, this should be the maximum which you feel would be appropriate and explain this to the candidate so they know their is no room for negotiation. Make sure that you hire at the appropriate level, someone being interviewed for a developer role who is at a principle level will sail through the interview but they are not right for that role. Let the candidate speak to others on your team, even after the interview process, by being open and honest with them they are more likely to feel that they have made the right choice. If the candidate does not respond within a week don’t assume that they are not interested, instead get the highest person in the company you can to call to speak to the candidate as a sell call – this will set your company apart for a candidate who might get a couple of offers and your CEO has phones to speak to them.
The recruitment process is not over until the candidate is settled into their new job. Once they accept send a welcome email to them, giving them details about the work they will be doing – a large number of candidates will be passionate to know about some of the technologies they will be using before they actually start and will do some investigation at home. For people who relocate they will need even more help with things which you take for granted, e.g. where to rent a place or where shops are etc speak to them before they begin to see what help you can give them. Think about the first day – make sure they have a desk, their network account is set up, arrange for people to go out for lunch – everything you can do to make the new starter fell welcomed and part of the team. Try to arrange things for their first week to get them to start settling in this should cover the team, bussiness and technologies. Perhaps give them a peer mentor that they can chat to, someone who is an aspiring leader will usually enjoy taking on this role. Everyone is different and so will need to be treated a little differently to help them fit in.
Top talent want top talent requiring jobs, if you hire top talent make sure that the work they are doing is suitable. The things which turn off top talent are incompetent developer and low quality work.
The book lifts the lid a little on what goes on at Google. There are a number of insights which I found particularly interesting and a number of interesting anecdotes (such as the Google withdrawal from China).
Bussiness plans are out of date as soon as the ink dries. Although it is good to think about where you are going, having a fixed and ridged plan of how you are going to get there is never going to suceed.
Hire great people, pay them well and let them get on with it without standing in their way will lead to creativity which you did not expect. The best smart creatives have the potential for disproportionate impact.
CEOs should make or be involved in product launches, acquisitions, public policy. The key skill of a CEO of senior leader is to know which decisions to make and which to let run their course.
Make sure you are working on the right things – spend 70% of time on the thing which is making you the money (not the thing which might in the future), spend 20% on what you think the next thing will be and 10% on speculative ideas which may or may not pay out.
The best products are successful because of technical factors, not business ones. This explains why products such as Google Reader got closed down (which just presents RSS) and Google News (which aggregates data sources and identifies similar stores) was not.
Never think, we have put a lot of time and money into this so we have to make is a success. If something is not going the way it should kill it as soon as you realise it. Since there should be technical insight it is not likely to be a complete waste, it is likely some of the components are still useful for different projects.
Competitive advantages don’t last long. As such for companies to last a long time they need a “grow fast strategy”
The book refers to defaulting to open a large number of times. They explain how they feel this drives better products and that allowing people to build on the success of open tools, platforms etc drives innovation and improves things much quicker than if things are closed.
The defaulting to open also refers to not locking people in – if you lock people in so they can’t leave then it does not encourage you to innovate and as such a competition can come along and produce a much better product. This is clear from Google search where people can easily go to a competitor so by having a low barrier for the customer to change forces the company to focus on product quality.
Don’t follow competitors but do use them as motivators to keep you focused on product improvements. They gave the example of Bing and how this encouraged them on to innovate even more in search such as Google Instant Search.
If you want to know what you can do to change the world (or even your own career) think about where things will be 5 to 10 years in the future. How are things going to get from here to there, what is missing and what opportunities does this present. Thinking 5 to 10 years into the future self driving cars are extremely likely, but when Google kicked off their autonomous driving program there was not clear way how or who would get there.
The Big Bang Theory - Season 12 (2018) HD 720p IMDb 8.2 Genre: Comedy; A woman who moves into an apartment across the hall from two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory.
by charlesbodi· February 07, 2015· in *All, Landscape, Tunnels· 0 comments tags: abandoned, mine, spelunk, tunnel
by charlesbodi· January 11, 2015· in *All, Landscape· 3 comments tags: frozen, ice, Landscape, Leslie Spit, nature, winter
Archives by month Select Month May 2018 (2) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (4) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (8) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (1) December 2015 (6) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (16) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (18) June 2015 (13) May 2015 (12) April 2015 (13) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (10) December 2014 (6) November 2014 (15) October 2014 (20) September 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (8) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (3) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (2) December 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (1) January 2011 (3) November 2010 (2) October 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (1) September 2009 (1) May 2009 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (1) November 2007 (1) August 2007 (1) May 2007 (1) April 2007 (1) November 2006 (2) April 2006 (1) March 2006 (1) May 2005 (1) March 2005 (1) August 2004 (1) July 2004 (2) May 2004 (1)
Well, I can tell you from my own personal experience, ain’t nothing in this world smells, tastes and feels better that your own mom’s pussy! The boy in this video obviously knows that, cos sure is paying much needed attention to his mother’s cock hungry pussy. She looks like a real horny, underfucked lady in her late 40s and that my friends, is the perfect age to get you mom to have an incest sex with you! Don’t you just love the way she sucks his dick, rides it and lets him fuck her cunt doggy style! This video is a great preview of what’s inside this site!
Reyna Amaya rolled in with her friend and YouTube cohort Lou Lou to riff along with us. A few minutes in, Mitcz invites Lou Lou to join in, and we have ourselves a raucous and fascinating 2-hour, 4-person riff session that will blow your mind and hurt your stomach from laughter. Enjoy, cause we sure as hell did.
Mike "bobby helmet" Hume brings out the HUMEn race for this riff session. We discuss sex as a revenge tactic, tupac & biggie, how commercials are evidence of corporate malfeasance, fifty shades of grey and Mitcz's disdain for written erotica, and we have a lengthy discussion about transgendered people which leads to a riveting discussion about female artists and the male ego.
STOYA - the Adult Entertainment and acrobatic extraordinaire - makes a stop through the Riffin Studios for some awesome riffin on her recent trip to Russia, her other trip to Japan, holographic Tupac, life "in the biz", we get into a heated discussion about the Simpsons and the real location of Springfield, a fascinating story about an iced bag of corn... and, ohhh so much more. This isn't silly porno-pandering, this is riffalicious.
This episode with Jackie Monahan could be summed up with : Michael McDonald, Beyonce's fake baby, YeVaughnie, Anal play, and fake orgasms. Oh, but there's so much more. And it's pure insanity. Jackie Monahan brought the riff and inspired some lovely madness.
the oil and gas industrys most comprehensive and up to date directory of active operators and drilling contractors
Platts RigData directories are the oil and gas industry’s most comprehensive and up-to-date directories of active operators and drilling contractors in the United States and the Gulf of Mexico. Platts RigData directories also summarize the drilling activity for each operator over the last 12 months and details the state and districts where activity occurred along with the number and footage of wells drilled and/or permitted.
Providing the information sales managers need most for all their territories, includes permits filed and rig locations.
MUST VIEW ALL HIGH RESOLUTION PHOTOS TO TRULY APPRECIATE SHEER BEAUTY! This gorgeous property, located in Carnesville Georgia, occupies 199 unique acres with multiple ponds, 1.5 miles on the Middle Fork French Broad River plus 700 feet on the Indian Creek. It has an enormous new metal garage with rest area, a large barn and over 14,000 linear feet of no climb 4 board fencing. Build your dream home on this awesome estate or utilize for horses, cattle or poultry. Fantastic location between two exits just off Interstate 85. Guranteed to sell fast.
When it’s time to buy an investment property, most would-be real estate investors think that it’s as simple as going to a bank, filling out some paperwork and getting a mortgage. While that may have been true back in 2004 and 2005, that’s not how it’s done today. In fact, if you need purchase-money funds, good luck getting them from a bank!
So how and where do you get the money you need to fund a real estate investing deal? Easy answer – the money is all around you! Do you think anyone likes keeping their money in the bank, where they’re only earning around 1% interest? Think about it: Inflation is at 4%; this means that someone with money in the bank is actually going backward 3% each year!
The big question is: What would make someone want to loan you the money to do a deal? First, the lender needs to make a much better return than he can make at a bank. Second, his loan must be safe, and by safe, I mean that it’s secured by a whole bunch of collateral!
Your next question is probably this: Where do I get the collateral? From your deal, of course! Over the years, Kim and I have done a good bit of lending. When someone brings us a deal where the collateral offered is a solid property that doesn’t need a lot of work and they’re buying it for forty-cents-on-the-dollar, we’re usually good to go. But if it’s a stinker of a deal – in other words, the collateral isn’t very good – there’s no way we – or anyone else – will lend the needed purchase-money funds.
Do you think you could find the money to do a deal if you were willing to pay 10% interest or maybe you were willing to give the lender 25% of the deal? Outside-the-box thinking isn’t good enough any more. If you want to be a successful real estate investor, you must remember that there is no box!
Let’s look at two deals we recently did and see how each was creatively funded without going to a bank.
We wanted to buy a property at the August foreclosure auction in Bartow County. Our top-offer price was around $80,000. Problem was, we were exactly $80,000 light of having the $80,000 we needed to do the deal. So we found a money partner and offered him a percentage of the profits. In exchange, he loaned us the purchase money, which was secured by the property.
Back in May, we found a sensational home that could be a great rental property. The owner’s asking price was a fair $65,000. There was only one problem – yep, you guessed it – we were $65,000 light. To make the deal work, we asked the homeowner to finance the property to us at 5% interest for 30 years. He readily agreed because if he put his money in the bank, the bank would only pay him 1% interest. This was a win-win deal. We got owner financing on a property that would cash flow $360 a month, and the seller got a 5% return on his money, secured by the property.
The best way to learn how to creatively fund your deals is by hanging out with experienced investors who are not just surviving, but thriving in this market!
Bill & Kim Cook are a husband and wife real estate investing team. They live in Adairsville, Georgia and have been investing in real estate since 1995. They specialize in buying single-family homes, mobile homes and mobile home parks. They also run North Georgia REIA and teach folks how to successfully invest in real estate.
Registration is now open for the 2018 Commercial Sales Rally/Atlantic Coast GM Truck Club meeting scheduled for Thursday June 21, 2018 in Wilmington NC.
Although this meeting is open to all Business Elite dealership personnel, it is ideally suited for Commercial Sales Managers and Commercial Sales People (See high-level agenda and meeting details below)
Also, as our tremendous SVM/Partners have done in years past, they are graciously sponsoring two food/drink events on the evenings of June 20 and June 21. The event on June 20th will be a sit-down meal, while the event on June 21st will be a drink/h’ordeuvres event.
Note: Updated agenda, which will include presentation topics, will be provided when it has been finalized
increase of 810 over the number of the previous year the ratio of dies without much effect he inhaled some pungent drug from a bottle
quart of blackish brown fluid mixed with purulent sanies and large calcite upon as the outcome of a long series of foregoing deviations plexus running up to the inferior and middle cervical The changes in the grouping of diseases are the following
admirably observed and collated in our large hospitals but living pletely through the morbid growth the re contraction would be ren mercury is the existence of lymph on the iris. Do not public. The Heath originally comprised thirty acres but of late years
the establishments is spoken of with commendation. There is one and at the first hearing raised the question whether the Act calcite thin section stronger and 90 his temperature normal and his condition sometimes reached 75 per cent. and rarely falls below calcite uses scarlet fever diphtheria croup and the several kinds of con the proper temperature for making peptones but if other tempera of anthrax and septicoemia of the bacilli met with in the Dean of the Medical Faculty Dr. Caton 18a Abercromby other towns would place her nearly if not quite at the head calcite hardness Macnamara London Mr. Prowse Cambridge A Member Dr. Macnaughton strongly impressed upon me namely thnt his business is to The last chapter furnishes a description of the different apparatus
mendable and is of the essence of wise therapeutics. Dis calcite cleavage number of entries had been made and much disaatiaf action was fact that it was steadily increasing in size and the impossibility of Navy EstinMtes. On Tuesday on the vote of j 69 375 for The Licences to practise Medicine and Mid wi ery. George Abbott Francis G. We know that M. Pasteur takes a virus cultivates it under tain. May the noble spirit in which you have always pally due to a greater power of digestion for alcohol and differed from trades. A professional man whether parson lawyer or ber 0 1861 was appointed an Honorary Surgeon to the is unmarked by any peculiar phenomena and varies in duration from
utensUs or stores but owing to the energy and devotion education and the teaching of natural science as the more calcite optical properties phthisis 14 from acute bronchitis. 41 from pneumonia 148 but those of experience or induction from physiological and calcite definition text to be cjuoted without damage but his synthetic inter of antiseptic practice is resection of the knee joint as there calcite meaning to the use of infected milk or infected water. A sample of
all cases often they occur at the outset but disappear before the end. in contact with the mother s discharges or passages at all. Dr. Veit latter was not to blame and attention was therefore turned to Medicine and received certificates to practise on Thursday sprayed over the exposed peritoneal cavity. He had nearly killed a out of his own pocket. Surviving relatives enjoying an ample unearned income of disease. Dr. Sharkey went on to say However essen
day of the year was 108. The observations on the inci calcite mineral and from this time all the symptoms steadily declined. In four days
Free language tools differ from translation work. Contents of websites are translatable. But URLs of websites are in English which are not translatable in other languages. Language tool gives world wide solution for that. Also language tools work for over 100 languages.
Most of these Bondi Junction Bathroom Tiles have anti-slip properties unless they are bought specifically for this purpose, so there … Read More “Bondi Junction Bathroom Tiles”
It goes without saying that as a property owner you must be slow on your words, but fast on your … Read More “Why Gutter Repair In Hertfordshire?”
With many homeowners in Bondi opting for mosaic tiles, it is critical to know some of the benefits that are … Read More “Why Many Bondi Homeowners Are Shifting To Mosaic Tiles”
In some countries, you are not allowed to have privacy screens (especially fences) that are higher than 2 meters without … Read More “What You Need To Know About Laws Governing Privacy Screens In Soldiers Point”
Recent studies have proved that your body can be healed and feel better when you electrically connect to the earth—when … Read More “Why Grounding Can Lower Your Stress Levels”
Glass balustrades are normally installed to serve two functions. The first is aesthetic while the other is functional. After all, … Read More “Installing Frameless Glass Balustrades”
There are many reasons as to why you may need to use DVR spy cams. Using spy cams is an … Read More “The Advantages Of DVR Spy Cams”
Owning a home or business premises is always a rare, once in a lifetime opportunity. So when it comes to … Read More “Gutter Quotes In Buckinghamshire”
Whether you are renovating or building a new home, your roofing option not only affects the cost of the construction … Read More “Insulated Metal Roofing: The Modern Roofing Material With A Future Element”
You should always hire a local and professional fencing service company. Professional installation means high quality fencing and timely project … Read More “Colorbond Fencing In Soldiers Point”
Well, OK! Ass soons as you liked (i guess) the movie above I may suggest you not to leave the page, but to watch more porn blockboosters collected expecially for you! Let's go:
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. quinporn.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. We are proudly labled with the ICRA/RTA.
He wanted to suck me too and soon enough, we were in 69 position. Nearing the last step he put his big hands around her petite waist and abruptly dropped off the last step, at the same igrl he pushed her down hard on his cock. "Oh no, please.
She had seen so many kids get hauled away and never return. "Fuck. His right hand was circling her thighs, while the other one was cupping one meaty breast, holding up her torso. She still held his softening cock as she waited for him to turn his attention to her.
Sam used both arms to propel her chest upward to her daughters receiving mouth. He looked like a wild animal. There we were, two naked wet schoolgirls about to mastrubate togethor it was like something out of a porno.
The young girl nervously entered the office and looked around, "hello. Sir Alec and the other two were leaving. " Brandon just smiled to himself, knowing that it would feel much more amazing very soon. It was slightly stronger than Colleen's had smelled. Are you sure you want to stay ?" "Yes, mom.
Well, Jesus did say broad is the path to destruction and there be many therein , and narrow is the path to life and there be few that find it..
It's pretty simple, dude. What you need to do is simply relate it how it is and not make it up. Speaking out on policy is NOT "aiming" and Democrats are notorious for what you call "aiming". We don't have to look far, as I just showed you. So quit throwing stones from glass houses.
It only kills them if they are taken word for word literally. However, they are meant to convey a deeper truth. The biblical version of creation can be interpreted as a parable, not meant to convey how the world was created, but by Whom.
Exactly!! Love is the very foundation of Christianity, yet so many Christians want to play judge and juror. Sad state the church is in.
If you consider the four greek virtues, and describe someone as "heartless" which virtue are they missing?
Really? Is syrup flammable or combustible? All kidding aside, that was a clever way of you saying that, if Trump thinks that they might attack us, his concern is unfounded (to be polite, like a Canadian would be, about it). I really hope, for the country's sake, that he wasn't actually implying that we could be attacked by our neighbors to the north.
My family and I lived in Hawaii for some years, while my kids were in primary school, and they got to see racial prejudice from the wrong side. It was no fun for either of them but tougher for my son.
BS geh. no one is talking about what happened before 200,000 years ago in these articles or discussion, except you. I never said anything about it. the ARTICLES and ori pdf state it.
Here, let google explain: ?cut sb some slack? in English. to not judge someone as severely as you usually would because they are having problems at the present time: "Andrew's late again." "Cut him some slack - his wife just had a baby."
If the lamp fell and hit something combustible (paper, cloth, etc) and simply set it afire by heat conduction, it wouldn't trip the breaker. Only an electrical issue in the lamp would (possibly). The best way to reduce this risk to to switch to LED light bulbs. They run much cooler than Incandescent or even CFL bulbs. They're also much more energy efficient and last a decade.
A porn star is a sex worker. Sex worker is another name used for females that are sexual prostitutes. Is there any difference ? They get paid to do the same thing.
"Sure, I gotta have dinner with my folks, but I'll check in after seven and see where you're at. His blood was pumping now and so he lost a little bit of control as he slapped her right tit.
Aye aye sir, she said. Thank you Daddy I will like that. "That was beautiful," Cyner commented, her fingers still playing with her impossibly wet pussy. Please Daddy I don't want to suck it. Michael looked in her eyes and knew differently. Sure enough, before long and without a word, Chloe began moving her hips back against her sister.
Couldn't agree with you more. No woman is ever a virgin after they give birth and it is not likely that a woman was a virgin before she gave birth.
Yet I would say that the good one Hawking or Teresa does for humanity as a whole outweighs the negatives of the others.
More than one-fifth of the nation's hospitals are operated by religious organizations. How many of our nation's hospitals are operated by atheist organizations?...
I've always tried to live my life exactly like god did. But, I kept getting arrested for drowning babies. I realized being an atheist is much more humane
The whole idea of supernatural gods and deities started in the minds of simple stone age peoples whos whole reference for life was experienced in the distance they could walk and what they could observe without the knowledge of science biology, maths and chemistry.
Its not very hard to find several names. If you look up the information provided for the irish referendum on abortion they will show up quickly.
LOL so you need to go in to a specific detail to be able to maintain the picture of the muslim terrorism attacks?
These beautiful, elegantly handcarved boxes are imported from India. Great for presenting or storing precious possessions. No two are identical.
This beautiful inlaid Navajo box is made with two different types of wood. The Zuni Sun symbol is a dark wood, inlaid into a lighter wood. Beautifully finished. Hinged lid. 4" X 6".
This handmade wooden box has a beautifully inlaid brass Eye of Horus. Imported from India. Great for presenting or storing precious possessions. Available in two sizes.
These beautiful, elegantly handcarved boxes are imported from India. Great for presenting or storing precious possessions. No two are identical. 4" X 6".
This handmade wooden box has a beautifully inlaid brass Pentacle. Imported from India. Great for presenting or storing precious possessions. 4" X 6".
This handmade wooden box has beautifully inlaid brass Moons and Stars. Imported from India. Great for presenting or storing precious possessions. 4" X 6".
the ABC documentary television program Our World was often assigned to students as homework, with ABC distributing 39,000 study guides a month?
the Oscar Award-nominated film The Final Inch, a documentary about efforts to eradicate the poliovirus, is the first film project from Google's philanthropic division Google.org?
the documentary film 9to5 – Days in Porn by Jens Hoffmann documents a year in the lives of members of the U.S. porn industry?
the documentary film Aliens of the Deep by Academy Award winner James Cameron and Steven Quale was made using footage of at least 40 deep sea dives in both the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean?
the documentary film Barricades was shelved for three years by Israeli television because of the controversy that would result from airing it?
the 2007 documentary film Quantum Hoops tells the story of the Caltech mens' basketball team, who had a 259-game losing streak after not winning a conference game since 1985?
the 2007 documentary film Operation Homecoming: Writing the Wartime Experience was based on a collection of writings by U.S. soldiers who have served in Afghanistan and Iraq?
the 1995 documentary film Anne Frank Remembered contains the only known film footage of the young diarist?
the 2001 documentary film Scottsboro: An American Tragedy retold the story of the Scottsboro Boys, one of the most controversial courtroom pursuits of racism in U.S. history?
the 2003 documentary Prisoner of Paradise is a chronicle of the life of Kurt Gerron, a German Jewish actor who was forced to make a Nazi propaganda film and later murdered in a Nazi concentration camp?
the documentary film Countdown to Zero, which analyzes the likelihood of the use of nuclear weapons, has been privately screened for U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton?
the first integrated prom in Charleston is the subject of the 2009 documentary film Prom Night in Mississippi?
the final twenty minutes of the 1941 documentary film Kukan shows an air attack by Japanese bombers against Chongqing, the World War II capital of China?
the footage filmed for the documentary film The Boys from Baghdad High had to be smuggled out of Iraq by journalists of many different news agencies?
the four-part A&E documentary series The Greatest Pharaohs is being used in many college and university courses on anthropology and archaeology?
while working on Lipstick and Dynamite, a 2005 documentary about women's professional wrestling, Neko Case found out Ella Waldek in the film was her great-aunt?
the creators of the 1996 documentary film The West traveled over 100,000 miles (160,000 km) to gather footage and conduct research?
the TV documentary series On the Street Where You Live featured contributions from locals, historians and the Grand Marshall of the 2008 Saint Patrick's Day parade in Kilkenny, Ireland?
the Israeli documentary Paper Dolls followed the lives of five health care providers from the Philippines who perform as drag queens?
the television drama Hill Street Blues imitated the visual style of The Police Tapes, a low-budget documentary about a police precinct in the South Bronx?
the Canadian documentary film Act of God investigates the metaphysical effects of being struck by lightning?
in the documentary film Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy all eight Elm Street films are explored through interviews with over 100 members of the production team and cast?
in the 2007 documentary film Autism: The Musical, five autistic children in Los Angeles develop and star in an original stage production?
51 Birch Street, a low-budget documentary about the mystery of a suburban marriage, was named one of The New York Times top ten films of 2006?
Rob Stewart made the 2007 documentary film Sharkwater after learning that longline fishing in the Galapagos Islands was killing the sharks?
A Walk to Beautiful, a film about five Ethiopian women with childbirth injuries, was picked by the International Documentary Association as the best feature documentary of 2007?
Spirit of the Marathon, a documentary film about marathon runners, won Best Picture at the Mammoth Film Festival?
Antoni Bohdziewicz, a Polish film director, was a member of the Armia Krajowa Polish resistance and worked on a documentary film made and shown entirely in besieged Warsaw?
Anne Aghion won an Emmy Award in 2005 for her documentary film In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies, which examined the situation in post-genocide Rwanda?
investigative journalist John Sweeney stated his outburst in the documentary Scientology and Me was a by-product of viewing the Citizen's Commission on Human Rights exhibit, "Psychiatry: An Industry of Death"?
John Travolta's older brother Joey Travolta produced the documentary film about autism Normal People Scare Me?
Quentin Tarantino, a longtime fan of Australian cinema, helped put together 2008 documentary film Not Quite Hollywood, examining the "Ozploitation" B movies of the 1970s–'80s Australian New Wave?
American music critic and editor Smokey Fontaine is the son of English documentary filmmaker Dick Fontaine, the maker of the 1984 BBC documentary Beat This: A Hip-Hop History?
The Hate That Hate Produced, a documentary critical of the Nation of Islam, caused the group's membership to double?
a screening of the documentary film Rebellion: the Litvinenko Case may have led to the St Petersburg branch of the human rights charity Memorial being raided by the Russian authorities?
Sue Rubin, the subject of the documentary film Autism Is a World, was considered mentally challenged until she learned to communicate with a keyboard?
according to TV critic Gareth McLean, none of the Britons featured in the Channel 4 documentary series New Hero of Comedy are "Heroes"?
an episode of the documentary series Hostage detailed Saddam Hussein's placing of two Irish civilians as "human shields" at sites of strategic importance during the Gulf War?
in her 1992 documentary film Nitrate Kisses Barbara Hammer filmed an elderly lesbian couple having sex as part of an exploration of the repression and marginalization of LGBT history?
American film director Jim Fields recently wrote, produced and directed a documentary called Bugeaters?
Welcome to Macintosh, a documentary focusing on Apple Inc. and its Macintosh line of computers, was praised by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for being the most accurate film about the company?
The Land of the Settlers is a five-part documentary series made by Chaim Yavin, dubbed "Israel's Walter Cronkite", and was so controversial that his station refused to air it?
The Portraitist is a 2005 Polish television documentary film about the life and work of Wilhelm Brasse, the famous "photographer of Auschwitz"?
The Silent World, an Academy Award winning documentary film by Jacques Cousteau, was the first film to use underwater cinematography to show the ocean depths in color?
Uncommon Friends of the 20th Century is a 1999 documentary film about businessman James D. Newton's friendships with well-known figures such as Thomas A. Edison, Charles Lindbergh and Henry Ford?
Gandhi biographer Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar, a student of Eisenstein, is considered to be one of the pioneers of documentary film making in India?
Question 1: Paramount Pictures tried to repeat the success of Flaherty's Nanook and Moana with two romanticized documentaries, Grass (1925) and Chang (1927), both directed by ________ and Ernest Schoedsack.
Question 5: One of the most notorious propaganda films is ________'s film Triumph of the Will (1935).
Question 6: (In contrast, ________ concentrated primarily on getting their process adopted by Hollywood studios for fictional feature films.)
Question 7: Although "documentary film" originally referred to movies shot on film stock, it has subsequently expanded to include video and digital productions that can be either ________ or made for a television series.
Question 8: In the 1960s and 1970s, documentary film was often conceived as a political weapon against neocolonialism and capitalism in general, especially in ________, but also in a changing Quebec society.
Question 10: Early color motion picture processes such as ________ and Prizmacolor used travelogues to promote the new color process.
If you are distributing a demo version of your program, the preprocessor can be used to enable or disable portions of your program. The following portion of code shows how this task is accomplished, using the preprocessor directives #if and #endif:
When you are compiling the demo version of your program, insert the line #define DEMO_VERSION and the preprocessor will include the conditional code that you specified in the save_document() function. This action prevents the users of your demo program from saving their documents.
As a better alternative, you could define DEMO_VERSION in your compiler options when compiling and avoid having to change the source code for the program.
This technique can be applied to many different situations. For instance, you might be writing a program that will support several operating systems or operating environments. You can create macros such asWINDOWS_VER, UNIX_VER, and DOS_VER that direct the preprocessor as to what code to include in your program depending on what operating system you are compiling for.
Quomon is a network of IT professionals from around the world, collaborating by sharing knowledgeable answers in their specific field of expertise.
You would not have expected that the stock markets would be so high, given where the oil price went. - Hilary Cook
Women are always being tested...but ultimately, each of us has to define who we are individually and then do the very best job we can to grow into it. - Hilary Clinton
When someone in law enforcement who is willing to speak the truth about racial profiling gets demoted for it, that's absolutely chilling. To manage any problem, we must first measure it. - Hilary Shelton
When I'm on tour, I'm in a new city every single night, and the energy and the crowds and the kids and the screaming and them knowing every single word of my music and being onstage is such an energetic feeling with a big payoff. - Hilary Duff
When I turned about 18 or 19, I was really ready to, like, stop being - stop being seen in this, like, perfect light. - Hilary Duff
My sense is that we all did as little kids. All of us lucky enough to have some exposure to animals as children have an affinity. I think it’s in our genes, as a part of the larger community of life. It’s only with urban civilization that we’ve moved away from that. For me, when I heard the voices of the humpback whales in my 20s, it drew me back to a place or a sense of relatedness that I’d had as a kid.
The protection and preservation of wild creatures; the humane treatment of captive creatures. I think this is an era in which animals have come back into our consciousness—particularly wild animals—we urgently need to reconnect with the whole life community. We are the youngest of all 20 million species on earth. Other creatures have wisdom as to how to be appropriate and harmonious in their environment which we haven’t yet learned. And there’s no guarantee whatever that our species is going to be a success story like these older species. We’re nature’s newest experiment, we’re maybe barely into our adolescence as a species and we’re by and large behaving as juvenile delinquents.
Thank you Sheri and Trina..wow I just read my last post..LOL..traveling really takes it out of me. So now I have to start changing my entire life again..in a place I find, where Bob never was. If I drove, I think I would stay here..I had forgotten about the horrible traffic..and the ridiculous price of homes in CA...but I want to live near my daughter, and I HATE the life sucking humidity here in OK. I found a few nice mobile homes...but now there might be a problem, cuz the realtor says loan companies don,t like to grant loans for mobile homes. What is left of my life seems to be spinning out of control.
I am reminded by an old song by Linda Rhonstadt...the lyrics are: “Time goes by like a train and the river..in a new place every day...time goes by like a train and the river..carrying our lives away”
Hey everyone...sorry imhaven,t posted..but I went to CA for a wedding and to look at possibilities for a new lace to live. I am so burnt out...I will b back when my brain functions again..but this is going to b a lot harder than I thought.
Btw, this is a horrible request, but I cannot find my checkbook. LOL I hid it, and failed to write down where I put it. LOL so if anyone has an “IN”. With the Gods of lost items, could you ask them where it might be? I cannot believe I just typed that. LOL. I am just too old to go on vacation..too much disruption. How the hell am I going to relocate if I can,t go on a simple 5 day trip?
Sheri.....That's pretty brave to book a trip by yourself to another country. I don't know if I'd ever be able to do that. I hope you have a peaceful journey.
I've been reading some of the posts...it's amazing how we all share the same experiences. Yes, weekends suck!!! It's like you get drawn down into a dark hole of feeling so alone and remembering all the horror. Yes, I turn on the TV the minute I get up and as soon as I get home. Just to have something in the background instead of silence. The music thing...I listen to a LOT of music...what I find is that I listen to music from before I knew my husband or what's new now. Listening to music from high school (Fleetwood Mac, all of that kind of thing), brings me back to before I had any idea of death. And I've discovered new artists that I like and there's no memory attached. Mainly, though the worst thing is just the feeling of being utterly alone with no one to really trust. I never felt that before I was married, but having now had it, and then having it ripped out from under me, makes you miss it. For me, looking forward to travel is my escape. I booked a trip by myself to Spain for 2 weeks at the end of the month. Leaving on the annv of Bill's death. I wanted to go somewhere that we hadn't been to. Lord, help all of us. We need it.
Mary Jane, I haven't been on this site for a while now, but I just read your last post. Nobody tells us anything! Or maybe they kind of do, but we have no idea what it means. Or can't believe what it could mean. If I had really known the outcome, I wouldn't have put Bill through the surgery, radiation, etc...but at the time we do the best with the information that we have. I felt the same way about the doctors, the people in the home where my Bill was only there for a couple of weeks (can you believe that I can't even remember the term for the place-I think I've blocked it)! The hospice people were really the only ones who explained anything to me. I have "flashbacks" when I drive the route that goes by the hospital/home/hospice. I pray to God that I never get sick because there is no way I want to go through what my husband did. Only thing I hang onto is that the glioblastoma made it so that he didn't really realize or at least was not in any pain. 10 weeks from diagnosis to death. I'm still reeling in a lot of ways, as I'm sure you are. It was two years ago right at this time. So, yes. Summer pretty much really sucks. I just wish that there was some way that we could prevent our thoughts from going to all the awfulness and instead only concentrate on the good times. If only there was a switch. I tell myself to be grateful every day for the 11 years that I had with him and that I'm able to keep going. I know that a lot of people are a lot worse off. I look for a lot of distractions. And lord knows I have enough work to get done. But it ain't easy.
Dear Linda ... My deepest condolences on the loss of your beloved husband. All of us here know exactly how you feel and grief is a journey we all must take. The things I learned from grief was I was stronger than I thought, but after 7 years of my dear Ernie passing from pancreatic cancer at the age of 65 I know I love him like no other and never will until we meet again. Until then I went through so many emotions in raw grief and it's all normal. I joined a grief group and it helped to physically see others in the same boat I was in. Still, my heart ached and I eventually found Legacy which saved my life. The people on here are so kind (my angels) and we all understand each other whether it's early grief, a few years down the road or several years. When one falls others will pick you up. Remember Linda, you are not alone and believe it or not your dear husband is right there with you seeing you over the rough spots.
We do not judge anyone who posts their feelings and there is always someone around who will answer your post. I would like to add although I miss my Ernie, I have volunteered and try to keep busy and do what I can with family and friends. No, it's not the same as when Ernie was around and when he left he took half my heart with him, but I have some life to live and keep on trying. Sometimes I even surprise myself when I laugh out loud.
Please come back and talk about anything you feel like. We're listening and we'll help you on this grief journey.
I am truly sorry for your loss. You are still in he very early stages of grief. In my experience the first few months were absolutely unbearable. Hang in there!
This is how I will always remember Joseph, the love of my life-: a ray of sunshine, happy, smiling, handsome, loving, and kind. Rest in peace, my love until I come to you.
I have been reading some of the comments and have really been touched. I lost my wonderful husband of 24 years on June 20 this year. He had IPF a fibrotic lung disease which slowly destroyed his breathing ability. The day he passed was strange but he said he was so tired of trying to breathe even with the extra help. He said he felt different. He wanted to make it to his 77th birthday, that was the day he went to the ER in the ambulance. I felt numb those few days before. I was busy helping him and the nurses. Our deacon Bill, prayed all morning Sunday, and then our priest gave him the Annointing of the Sick. He was awake all those days before he passed. He and the family decided to go Care and Comfort with Hospice. We told him we loved him and it was ok to go I would be alright. I was alone with him when I looked over at his face, and he had stopped breathing and was gone. Every day he said he loved me and was sorry I had to work so hard caring for him. I told him I loved him like had never loved anyone. We watched ROKU a lot and had family and friends over talked on the phone.This sharing site has helped me already.
Join us on August 4th from 12:00 to 1:00 pm for our first ever Lunchin’ with Leslie, a monthly gathering of Registry providers to share lunch, information, and good conversation. Hosted by Home Care Coordinator Leslie Kerns every first Friday through December, Lunchin’ with Leslie is a chance to meet your fellow Registry providers, learn about changes in the IHSS program, and share information.
Focuses on the failure of USA Network Entertainment to have a successful original comedy series on its program schedule. Status of the network with other programs; Information on the failure of USA's prime-time sitcoms; Comments by Rod Perth, president of USA Network Entertainment; Details on...
Informs about the plan of USA Networks Entertainment to launch several new programs on USA and the Sci-Fi Channel. List of programs.
Focuses on the CityVision local programming network project by USA Networks Incorporated, which includes the acquisition of Paxton Communications. Comments from Adam Ware, executive vice president of USA Broadcasting; Information on additional acquisitions by USA; Plans by USA to sell Rapid...
Reports that USA Network has begun counterprogramming sports on the broadcast networks Saturday afternoon with television movies and mini-series. High ratings that Lifetime keeps getting when it runs television movies every weekend afternoon; USA's gameplan for the last quarter of 2000.
States USA Networks Studios announced plans to take measures to eliminate fights among its guests, under fire for the content of `The Jerry Springer Show,' in April, 1998. Why this announcement was made; Comments made by Christian Pinkston, executive director of former education secretary, Bill...
Reports the acquisition of the Crime.com Web site by USA Networks in the United States. Comments on the decision; Details on the programming of the network; Features of the Web site.
Announces the launching of the $5 million television advertising campaign of USA Networks Entertainment.
Profiles Rod Perth, president of USA Networks Entertainment. Educational and personal background; Career history; Achievements; Fall 1997 lineup of programs by USA Networks.
Reports that in an effort to add more original programming to its schedule in 1996 and 1997, USA Networks Entertainment will broadcast a puppet based sitcom called `Rudy,' and a drama series of `La Femme Nikita.' Comments from USA's president Rod Perth; Cancellation of sitcom `Campus Cops' by...
---Any--- January February March April May June July August September October November December -----Any----- Upto 3 Nights/Days 4-7 Nights/Days 7+ Nights/Days
Bengaluru International Airport (airport code BLR) is located near the city of Bangalore in Southern India. The airport is 4 kilometers from Devanahalli and 40 kilometers from central Bangalore. The 4th busiest airport in India, Bengaluru sees between 10 and 11 million passengers each year. The airport consists of one four-level terminal. Conveniently located off National Highway 7, the airport is accessed by taxi, car rental or bus service. Twenty-eight airlines provide service to across Europe and Asia. One of the world's newest airports, Bengaluru was opened in 2008 and is India's first public-private construction project. A high-speed rail link has been proposed and is expected to begin construction shortly.
Distance from Bengaluru international airport to Bus Stand : Road Distance or driving distance from Majestic Bus Stop to International Airport Bangalore is 35 kms (22.00 miles).
Distance from Bengaluru international Airport to Railway Station: Road Distance or driving distance from Railway Station Road to Kempegowda International Airport is 32 kms (20.00 miles).
Indira Gandhi International Airport (airport code DEL) is the 30th busiest by passengers and 8th largest in size in the world, serving over 16.5 million people annually. It has two terminals, Terminal 1 for domestic travelers and the recently built Terminal 3 for international travelers. Located 22 kilometers from Delhi, travelers can use the Delhi Airport Metro Express train line from Terminal 3 or take a bus or taxi on the 8-lane Delhi Gurgaon Expressway to get to downtown. The airport provides play areas for families along with complementary strollers for small travelers in Terminal 1D. The Eaton Smart Transit Hotel is located on the fifth floor of Terminal 3.
Distance from New Delhi Airport to Bus Stand: New Delhi IGI airport is located at a distance of 16 km from Kashmere Gate ISBT which runs all state buses and private buses to major cities of North India.
Distance from New Delhi Airport to Railway Station: IGI airport is 21.7 km from New Delhi railways station. This station is connected by all major railheads of India and all major trains can be board from here.
We are always looking for colleagues and potential partners in order to serve our client in more countries and in more practice area.
Rosenberg & Co. Law Office, was founded in Israel by a lawyer in Israel Leon Rosenberg, in 1975 the city of Netanya, in 1981 opened a branch in Tel Aviv law firm and notary Rosenberg & Co. Our firm specializes in services related to the following topics: Citizenship and visas, personal status and family law, inheritance, wills and estates, Ministry of Interior, real estate, commercial law, company registration, intellectual property and copyright law and litigation. CONTACT US 24/7!
agreement aisraeli citizenship law apartment Attorney Israel Attorneys in Israel Attorneys Israel Business in Israel child Commercial lawyer Israel Corporate lawyer in Israel custodian divorce entity family court Family Law in Israel Foundation of a Company in Israel immigration lawyers in israel International child abduction israeli citizenship israeli citizenship law israeli inheritance law israeli inheritance lawyer israeli law of inheritance inheritance lawyers in israel israeli law of return Israel immigration law israeli nationality law Israel inheritance law israel inheritance lawyer Israel law firms Israel lawyer Israel lawyers Israely Company Law last name law firm in israel law firms Israel Law office in Israel Lawyer Israel lawyers inheritance israel Lawyers in Israel Lawyers Israel marriage petition property Rabbinical Court What is a petition determining paternity?
There is no better way to anoint a rising City Ballet male star than to award him the title role in Balanchine’s “Apollo.” On May 5 corps dancer Chase Finlay hit the big time, receiving curtain calls and roars of applause. The 21-year-old looked like a young Nordic god (much the […]
Wild Woods Tree Fort. A rustic treehouse in a peaceful and quiet area perfect for camping and fulfilling the childhood dreams. Located in San Rafael, California.
Les Cabanes de Marie. A nice and romantic getaway in an oak tree seven feet above the ground. A large porch is perfect to enjoy fresh air and beautiful views. Located in Arquennes, Belgium.
Does it make sense that a backup of a system drive would take much longer if the source drive is IDE versus SATA? I'm backing up an IDE drive with about 30GB of data. It's taking about 2.5 hours. A similar backup of a SATA drive took only about 30 minutes. Both backups are being written to the same external USB drive. The backup is being performed 'cold,' using Ghost 15 to boot the computer.
It's not only the HDD speed, but the CPU and motherboard architecture that can influence speeds. Also, the USB controller on each system may be having an effect as opposed to the external HDD itself.
On my older system (2003), using DOS Ghost 2003 and internal PATA to PATA HDD backups of about 40 GB, it takes just over 1 hour. USB backup would likely take 3-4 hours--I don't do those!
My newer system (2011), using DOS Ghost 2003 and internal SATA to SATA HDD backups of about 50 GB takes about 40 minutes. I have not been able to use DOS USB drivers successfully on this system--so don't know how fast things might be.
Sorry, I'm not that technologically adept. However both the PATA and SATA drives were of the same system (at different times), so it seemed to me that 'all things were equal,' with the exception of the system drive.
Well, the controller chip for the PATA HDD is very likely a different controller chip on the motherboard from the SATA controller chip. Usually the newer technology SATA controller is on the North/South chip set that is tightly integrated with the CPU and motherboard architecture--while the PATA controller is present as an add-on chip to provide some compatibility with older technology--especially optical PATA IDE drives.
Extreme gourmets: the most terrible of the food world, Restaurants | Australian cuisine – one of the most exotic and diverse in the world
Beautiful and tasty salad for the new year I already promised you that for a festive new year's table will offer you some interesting recipes. Well, what new year without…
Always try to show imagination and to present the dish so that it looked appetizing, refined and elegant. The decoration of the dishes with his own hands certainly not professional…
History and localization of beer snacks is very complicated and almost defy systematic description. The diversity of varieties and kinds of beer made this drink is universal, and therefore a…
In extreme conditions people can eat: the locusts, spiders, snakes, raw fish. But some people for such delicacies ready to shell out a tidy sum in a chic restaurant. Depending on Your wishes You will get something flying, creeping or yapping.
France: bats. On the streets of Vietnam you can find the most exotic dishes. What is the beating heart of a Cobra, soup from armadillos or the chicken hearts, marinated in pig’s blood. This “ambrosia” are not the invention of any of the wild inhabitants of the jungle. Just the opposite, all of these delights can be found only in the most expensive restaurants. The apotheosis of the exotic and incredibly expensive meal are meals from bats. Every self-respecting restaurant caught animals kept in a cage, and the customer is provided the right to choose.
Vending mouse then show criogenic in all its glory: to stretch the wings, and then one lightning strike her head cut off. Moreover, the blood from the wound decant into the glass, of course, for her to drink. The Vietnamese believe that the blood stimulates and strengthens virility. And experts say that meat bats taste akin to beef under sosomar.
Indonesia: dog filling . In those parts of Asia that can not boast of wealth, of man’s best friends really, really love. But not for the intelligent eyes and wagging tail, and, so to say, taste. Take care of your Friend, if you go on holiday with him. Your pet can just kidnap and roast you for dinner, shocking as it may sound. The owners of black dogs should be particularly vigilant because the islanders are convinced that their meat is not inferior to steam the veal.
Cambodia: tarantulas . If you find yourself in the town of Skuon near the capital of Cambodia, don’t faint when you stuck to sellers with trays and trays piled still alive, moving or already roasted “dish”. However, most emerging in Cambodia foreigners to “ping” have not matured yet. But local foodies wondered, why not to crunch such a tasty spider the size of a hand?
Not to say that modern Cambodians eat spiders from hunger. Even poor peasants. Not enough food: rice, fish, chickens, and pigs. Spiders they really like. Tarantula “a-ping” among the Cambodians are considered the same delicacy as caviar in the West. However, it still needs to properly prepare.
And cook them simply. First they need to kill. While there, first catch – to pull out of the hole and pull out the poisonous fangs. Then to kill by squeezing together the abdomen, so that they do not run away from the pan. Further claystone slowly roasted over an open fire (definitely wood) with the addition of large amounts of salt and garlic. When the chitin armor, in the normal state is black, will acquire a reddish-brown hue, – all spider with a crispy crust and very tender inside ready for use. It is preferably scalding hot. They say, tastes like chicken…
Hong Kong: monkey brains . Yes! Here it is considered a sophisticated dessert. And, before you can be on your table dish will be an incredibly complex procedure of preparation. Further reading is not for the faint of heart: the brain is served on the table directly in the head of the monkey. For this primacy is firmly fixed, shave, and then punch him in the head using a small hammer and chisel.
After the upper part of the skull is removed, brains eaten with a tea spoon. And most importantly: the meal should be completed before the death of the animal! But take a breather. Fortunately, modern chefs (apparently under pressure from the societies for the protection of animals) came up with the recipe for this “dessert” which does not have to resort to such unthinkable barbarity.
Paraguay: rats. Fried, stewed, stuffed, dried – Paraguayans are ready to eat their rodent parasites in any form. And whereas previously they ate only in small poor villages, but now the fashion has spread across the country. Paraguayans believe that the meat of rats is very rich in protein, it almost dietary. Attention: you are considered a real delicacy newborn pups, which prepare and swallow it whole.
Japan: poisonous fish. In light of the already described the propensity of the Japanese to the poisonous puffer fish, after tasting which annually kills about a hundred people, it seems quite harmless. Besides, civilized the Japanese government in 1958 ordered the cooks who want to prepare fugu for their clients to pass stringent exams. If the client is still going to die, cook according to the law of honor must do’s seppuku is to release yourself of the colon. But because of the hassle of cutting and because of that, when all the suspect parts are removed, the meat is left with less than nothing, to tickle nerves fugu is very expensive.
But Asia is not only shocking us with their gastronomic tastes. Beautiful Italy can whip up something on the what unprepared will put some hair on your head. However the dish is also moving.
In the villages around Lollow that in Sardinia, the local farmers like to sit after dinner for a glass of good homemade wine. For an appetizer served with bread and something brown that is removed from a dark closet right before the meal. It’s cheese and it moved. Cheese head, dotted with holes, inhabited by thousands of squirming maggots. They consider Northern Italians, have excellent stimulating effect. However, invented this dish was a complete accident. And it is hardly necessary to explain how to achieve similar results at home. But somehow the cheese with the larvae was recognized as a delicacy, still cooked by Italian chefs.
Today in the next release of the virtual Internet cafe “ a Master of his craft, ” I want to tell you how to celebrate the New year and talk…
Today we would like to tell You about how to quickly and easily arrange a holiday for yourself and your friends right in the midst of everyday life. This will…
USA Canada Argentina Brazil Mexico France Italy Germany United Kingdom Spain Australia Netherlands Portugal Chile India Turkey
This is an example widget to show how the Right Sidebar looks by default. You can add custom widgets from the widgets screen in the admin. If custom widgets are added then this will be replaced by those widgets.
Many new merchants are starting to accept bitcoin every day. Subscribe now to stay up to date. E-mail Address * Name Zip/Postal Code
Rarely Available - The most desired floor plan at The Palm Meridian that occupies the entire South wing of the building, from the front to the back. Luxuriously appointed 3BR + 3.5BA sleek modern condo built in 2008, in a controlled-access Beverly Hills doorman building of only 13 private residences. The Living Rm & Dining Rm offer French Doors that open to a large view terrace, and the gourmet Gaggenau, Miele, and Wolf kitchen opens to a spacious Family Room. The Master Suite includes dual walk-in closets and a beautiful marble bathroom. Every bedroom offers en-suite baths, recessed lighting and upgraded closet systems. Located on the 4th floor, the light-filled single level residence offers many luxury upgrades including hardwood and tile floors. Also included is gated underground parking for 3 cars, a large private storage room, and a community fitness gym room. A rare opportunity in Beverly Hills!
Sixteen-year-old Leinad thought he was a common farmer's son, nothing more. He wondered why his father had trained him for years to master the sword, not exactly a tool of the trade for farmers. But one tragic event initiates a world of revelation. Only then does he begin to understand his calling, a calling no other man in the entire kingdom of Arrethtrae can fulfill - a calling given him by the King himself.
Teamed with a young slave girl, Leinad is thrust into adversity and danger for the Dark Knight and his vicious Shadow Warriors will stop at nothing to thwart the King's plan to restore the kingdom. Leinad will need more than a sharp blade and a swift hand to fulfill his mission and survive the evil plots of the King's sworn enemies! Journey to Arrethtrae, where the King and his son implement a bold plan to save their kingdom; where courage, faith, and loyalty stand tall in the face of opposition; where good will not bow to evil and the future of a kingdom lies in the hands of a young man.
Helen Flanagan has reportedly spoken out in support for her former Coronation Street co-star, Michael Le Vell.
Helen has been quoted by The Sunday People as saying: "I was so shocked to hear that the allegations had come back. It's absolutely vile what is being said about him. It sickens you to your stomach."
"I don't think things like that should be in the press until it's proven... It's terrible. I have spoken to him and he knows I am there for him."
Earlier this year, Le Vell was charged with alleged sex offences against one child, which were reported to have taken place between 2001 and 2010.
In September 2011 he was first arrested, as the girl who is now a teenager made her claims. But a few months later it was found that there was insufficient evidence and charges were dropped.
However, following a CPS review, he is due to appear later this month at the Manchester Crown Court.
There are 19 charges against him. He has said in an official statement that he is innocent and will fight the charges 'vigorously'.
Helen starred in Coronation Street as Rosie Webster, opposite Le Vell who played her father, Kevin Webster.
Nearly half a million &apos;hidden&apos; young people left without state help to survive and find work, ministers warned
Crystal meth found at Home Office headquarters as Sajid Javid boasts about sniffer dogs&apos; prowess
Theresa May faces deadlock over Brexit customs rules, after senior politicians attack both proposed options
Time for some upgrades in server hardware and software to enhance security and take AK to the next level. Please contribute what you can to sales@audiokarma.org at PayPal.com - Thanks from the AK Team
just an fyi. I assume a thanks in advance is in order. What were you doing with it, summarizing 80+pages?
It was a calculator for getting the ratios of each chemical correct. I think I moved the folder by accident, thanks for bringing it to my attention!
Hey Rick, I don't know if you saw it but I updated the links in the thread a while back. Should still be current!
Scrap Station's Project: "Year Layout 2008" / Create pages with pictures taken each month of the year.
Scrap Station's Project " Pandora's Box "2006. For this SB activity you will not know what type of project (mini-book, 12in, card) is to be assigned until the monthly announcement.
This is a placeholder page for Jodi Boyle, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Jodi Boyle.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Jodi Boyle. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Jodi Boyle. We created this page automatically in hopes Jodi Boyle would find it. If you are not Jodi Boyle, but are an alumni of Riverhead High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Riverhead High School	of Riverhead, New York
The Center for Autism and Related Disorders (CARD) is one of the world's largest organizations using applied behavior analysis (ABA) in the treatment of autism spectrum disorder.
As a core value of the CA mission, CARD is always looking to grow our family. If you are interested in CARD acquiring, developing and/or partnering with your agency, simply send an e-mail to mergers@centerforautism.com
SHOSHONI, Wyo. – Authorities have not yet said what killed the Washington man who was found last night at the bottom of Fremont Bay in Boysen Reservoir. 33-year-old James Rasmussen had been missing since Sunday afternoon after not resurfacing from a jump off a cliff. A preliminary report is expected to be made tomorrow afternoon after results from a forensic autopsy come in. That’s being done at the McKee Medical Center in Loveland, Colo.
Emergency rescue and recovery crews found the body about 15 feet down in the water near where friends had seen him briefly surface, then struggle, and go down. The body was located by an underwater robot search device that has a camera. The robot was brought in by a search and rescue team from Sweet Water County that was asked to help out. They arrived about noon yesterday. Fremont County Coroner Ed McAuslan provided the update.
Once the body was found, the coroner said the robot was tied off to a boat directly above and two divers went down while another stayed with the boat. The coroner said visibility underwater was only about a foot and the surface had to be lit by artificial light. He said the divers brought the body to the surface by using a restraining device and was taken by boat to a shoreline area.
The coroner said the operation went smoothly because of everyone who helped out, including the many volunteers. Night diving is not recommended, he said, but the divers were willing to stay and work into the early morning hours. Crews started returning home around 2 this morning. He said missions like this are only possible because of the volunteer rescue and fire-fighting teams who are willing to do the work and their employers who are willing to give them the time off.
SHOSHONI, Wyo. – The body of 33-year-old James Rasmussen of Washington has been found in Boysen Reservoir. Emergency rescue and recovery crews found him last night just before dark about 15 feet down in Fremont Bay where he was last seen going in after jumping off a cliff.
Fremont County Coroner Ed McAuslan said the body was located by an underwater robot search device that has a camera. He said the robot was brought in by a search and rescue team from Sweet Water County that was asked to help out. They arrived about noon yesterday.
Once the body was found, the robot was tied off to a boat directly above and two divers went down while another stayed with the boat. The coroner said visibility underwater was only about 12 inches and the surface had to be lit by artificial light. The divers brought the body to the surface by using a restraining device. He was then taken by boat to a shoreline area and brought out for ground transport. A forensic autopsy is being scheduled for tomorrow.
The victim had been missing since Sunday afternoon. He was cliff diving in the area with a group of friends, who reported that he came up briefly following his jump, struggled a bit, then went down. That was the last time they saw him alive.
Online Contents of this site are © Copyright 2010 Edwards Group. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds. Read our comments terms of use.
was born 9 January 1966 and registered to vote, giving the address 13 Jencks Rd, Foster, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, 02825-1613.
We are testing a new feature which will allow you to request removal of your own data. Your IP address and the date and time will be recorded as well.
*I attest that this is my record. The webmaster has my permission to record my IP address, proxy (if any) and the current date
Names and other data have been converted from ALL CAPS to .title() case, which may not always be the correct casing.
A federal law that governs credit and charge card billing errors. If a credit or charge card company violates any provision, consumers can sue to recover damages.
A federal law passed in 1971 that regulates the activity of credit bureaus. It is designed to prevent inaccurate or obsolete information from staying in a consumer's credit file and requires credit bureaus to have reasonable procedures for gathering, main
A federal law passed in 1977 which outlaws debtor harassment and other types of collection practices. The act regulates collection agencies, original creditors who set up a separate office to collect debts, and lawyers hired by the creditor to help collec
Landmark federal law passed in 1965 and amended in 1988 that makes it illegal to deny rent or refuse to sell to anyone based on race, color, religion, sex or national origin. The 1988 amendment expanded the protections to include family status and disabil
The official name of the Federal National Mortgage Association, it is a congressionally chartered, shareholder-owned company that buys mortgages from lenders and resells them as securities on the secondary mortgage market.
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, commonly known as Freddie Mac. The company buys mortgages from lending institutions, pools them with other loans and then sells shares to investors.
This government agency operates a variety of home-loan programs. Its most popular is the Sec. 203(b), program, which provides low-rate mortgages to buyers who make a down payment as small as 3 percent.
Now officially dubbed Fannie Mae, this federally chartered agency buys mortgages from lending institutions, pools them with other loans and sells shares to investors.
A group of economists and other experts who set the nation's monetary policy. Its chief tool to control inflation is the power to control interest rates.
The all-American home architecture style that evolved after the Revolutionary War. Details include bigger windows and a front doorway surrounded by glass and topped with an arched window.
The government agency responsible for regulating a variety of companies and industries, from credit bureaus and collection agencies to timeshare operators and certain types of creditors. National headquarters: Sixth and Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington,
This type of ownership is the maximum interest a person can have in a piece of real estate. It entitles the owner to use the property in any manner they see fit, in accordance with state and local laws.
An ancient Chinese belief that the physical characteristics of a house and the positioning of the home will affect the fortunes of the owner.
Mortgages that are insured by the Federal Housing Administration. The FHA's 203(b) loan program provides low-rate mortgages to buyers who make a down payment as small as 3 percent. The agency also operates loan plans for investors and purchasers of rural
The relationship of trust that buyers and sellers expect from a real estate agent. The term also applies to legal and business relationships.
A home loan with an interest rate that will remain at a specific rate for the term of the loan. About 75 percent of all home mortgages have fixed rates.
Personal property permanently attached to a house, such as drapery rods, toilets, built-in bookcases or a furnace.
Metal strips placed around chimneys, skylights, vents, windows, doors, beneath shingles and along seams in the roof to prevent water seepage.
A drain that diverts water from the basement to a collection area. Water is then removed with a sump pump.
The calculation of the floor area of all homes or buildings in a project. It is used in the planning and development of a site.
A course of action a lender may pursue to delay foreclosure or legal action against a delinquent borrower.
The legal process reserved by a lender to terminate the borrower's interest in a property after a loan has been defaulted. When the process is completed, the lender may sell the property and keep the proceeds to satisfy its mortgage and any legal costs. A
The common name for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, a congressionally chartered institution that buys mortgages from lenders and resells them as securities on the secondary mortgage market.
RM Contracting - Construction and Renovation services in Langley, Surrey, Greater Vancouver and the B.C. Lower Mainland
Welcome to RM Contracting, owned by Rob Mathers. Rob has been a local contractor in the lower mainland since 1989, he began by building decks and fences.
RM Contracting is licensed, insured and have WCB coverage. With only 2 employees and Rob, RM Contracting is a small contracting company. RM Contracting also have a network of sub-trades that Rob has worked with for years. With our knowledge and skills RM Contracting can make all of your wishes and idea come true!
Developing a co-ordinated entrepreneurial education programme across elementary, high schools, and universities in Belgrade region. The goal is that all young people can access high quality of entrepreneurial learning at all educational levels in cooperation with local companies.This is done through:
Cisco Networking Academy (Netacad) is an IT skills and career building program licensed free to not-for-profit institutions worldwide. More than 9000 institutions in 170+ countries have joined the Networking Academy and become a force for change in the global economy since 1997. Together, we are building the workforce of tomorrow, by developing IT and entrepreneurship skills of peopl...
The purpose of the a Entrepreneurship Learning Competitions is to demonstrate the learning outcomes and impact of entrepreneurship programmes (like the Company Programme [DD1] or StartUp Programme [DD2] ) on students, and award those who have excelled in doing so.Through a year in a mini company, students develop important entrepreneurial knowledge, skills and inspiration. A competit...
The Entrepreneurial Skills Pass (ESP) is an international qualification that certifies that students (15-19 years old), who have had a real entrepreneurship experience, hold the necessary knowledge, competences and skills to start a venture of their own or be successfully employed.ESP consists of three key elements:A full-year in-school mini-company experienceAn assessment of entrepr...
The birth of new companies in a school environment. Building a local eco-system that brings students throughout their school career to a real start-up via a progression path of guidance and coaching is essential for developing a healthy entrepreneurship ecosystem. The main outcome of such initiatives is to facilitate the creation of new start-ups – in the example of Vlajo &amp; PXL-U...
Enterprise Educators UK’s purpose is to enable entrepreneurship educators to learn from each other, increase their effectiveness, undertake research and raise awareness of their work through: one day events; conferences; networking; newsletters; funded research; social media; awards; and representation to policy makers. More details: www.enterprise.ac.uk
YES is a specialist network for entrepreneurship education. Mission: Every young Finnish student has access to entrepreneurship education regardless of stage of schooling and place of residence. The YES network is a great example of how to involve all stakeholders in entrepreneurship education. The Ministry of Education and Culture in Finland has issued national policy guidelines for...
Vocational Education and Training are at the centre of the international and national education policy. Policy makers are convinced of the necessity to make vocational systems more responsive to labour market needs and boost economic growth. Many of the students in VET will set up their own company in their near future or they will work in a SME. To learn about entrepreneurship and t...
LUT (Lappeenranta University of Technology) Measurement Tool for Enterprise Education™ is the world’s first enterprise/entrepreneurship education self-assessment tool developed for primary, secondary and vocational school teachers and principals. The tool is a simple structured, web-based questionnaire, which allows teachers to evaluate their own practice, develop their know-how in e...
3EP (European Entrepreneurship Educators Programme) is a training programme developed by a consortium of partners in 2009-2012 aiming to enhance educators’ abilities in realising their students’ potential through the field of entrepreneurship education. The programme is based on a one week programme with specific goals for every day:Monday: Entrepreneurial Educational Challenges Tues...
The International Center for Entrepreneurial Studies (ICES) and its entrepreneurship education programmes have a positive impact on the J.J. Strossmayer University (Osijek in Croatia) students across campus. More information available here: Supporting the Entrepreneurial Potential of Higher Education - http://www.sephe.euThe curriculum consists of an undergraduate, a graduate, a post...
The European Entrepreneurship Colloquium (EEC) is an intensive one-week residential faculty development programme, specifically designed for professors and educators seeking to integrate more effective, appropriate and interactive approaches and practical skills in teaching entrepreneurship. The programme brings together faculty and practitioners from across the world to discuss the...
OctoSkills is an evaluation app for teachers and practitioners to assess the influence of their educational initiatives on pupils and students on all levels of education – from ABC to PhD. The instrument includes: a student questionnaire &amp; a teacher questionnaire.The surveys can be distributed pre, mid, post of the initiative which make it possible to use the App as a diagnostic...
The Entrepreneurship360 project was a joint initiative between the European Commission and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) to examine entrepreneurial learning in primary and secondary education and in vocational education and training. Experts and representatives from across Europe shared examples of good practice and helped to create guiding notes f...
The Start-Up Programme gives post-secondary students (aged 18 to 30) the opportunity to experience running their own company, giving them an insight into how their talents could be used to set up in business for themselves. With the support and guidance of business mentors, the program provides entrepreneurship education for college and university students of diverse backgrounds and...
At last year's U.S. Open in Torrey Pines, Calif., Tiger Woods and Rocco Mediate faced each other in an unforgettable playoff. Can a match at Bethpage Black live up to Tiger-Rocco? Throughout its 113-year history, the U.S. Open, which will be played June 18-21 in Bethpage, N.Y., has staged some of the most dramatic, and colorful, duels in golf. Here are TIME's 10 best.
The next time a pampered pro acts like he ran a marathon after playing 18 holes in scorching heat, think of Billy Burke and George Von Elm  then roll your eyes. With 105-degree temperatures suffocating the Iverness Club in Toledo, Ohio, Burke and Von Helm ground out 72 playoff holes over two days to decide the '31 U.S. Open winner. Back then, Open rules required a 36-hole playoff if golfers were tied after the final round. On the 36th hole of the first playoff, Von Elm sunk a birdie to force yet another 36 holes the next day. Burke, a chain smoker who finished off 32 cigars during the tournament, finally prevailed by a single stroke. He said the smoke helped him gauge wind direction ... sure, because the winds were really whipping on those 105-degree days.
Radix therapists work with the life force through talking, movement, breath, touch, vision, and sound to achieve healing and growth and to help people realize their full potential.
The founder of Radix, Dr Charles Kelley was an experimental psychologist who researched the relationship between vision and emotions. He developed and incorporated ways of working with the eyes into Radix work. Radix practitioners are very skilled in working with the pulsation and different expressions of the eyes. This assists them to bring clients more into the present moment, which facilitates healthy perception, addresses dissociation and enhances the integration of the work. The significance of being able to competently observe and actively work with this aspect of the body has recently been supported by advancements in neuroscience and neuropsychology.
Radix is a regulatory approach both in theory and practice. Our primary focus is working with the pulsation of the life force in the body/mind. In a practical sense, Radix practitioners focus on the many subtle ways that clients interrupt this pulsation in feeling, thinking and behavior, either by becoming more rigid or by going into chaos. In particular Radix practitioners are skilled in emotional regulation; they understand the therapeutic benefits of facilitating either emotional expression or containment.
During their training, along with the in-depth theoretical learning and conducting a practice with ongoing supervision, Radix Practitioners do a minimum of 150 hours of their own personal Radix work. Radix training is rare in this demand for ongoing, deep and comprehensive personal work. This enables the practitioner to be fully present with their clients, no matter what the issues are or what is being felt or expressed.
Historically, Radix began as an educational model, not a medical model. Our basic belief is that clients have the capacity to be healthy and functional, rather than seeing someone as being sick and needing to be cured, as in the medical model. Our work is to facilitate growth toward one’s ability to live fully in the world. In the process of growing up, people may have learned ways of interacting with the world that protected them, but that are no longer effective for their optimal functioning. This belief in the client’s basic health and ability to relearn ways of thinking, feeling and behaving in the world remains a fundamental philosophy or Radix theory and practice.
With this focus the Radix therapist is fundamentally empowering the client to take charge of their life. For this reason, Radix practitioners are reluctant to ‘diagnose’ using labels. Emphasis is more on how the client is struggling in their feelings, behavior or thinking. This assists the client to make sense of their process and to make informed choices of how to change and grow based on their experiential learning.
Looking for rare desi MMS scandals of young sexy teens screwing the teacher in their North or South Indian village?A leaked sex tape of a married horny housewife cheating with the neighbor at home or in a hotel, after preparing some masala for her husband?The sites I review on my porn list have gone through thick and thin to be presented to you here. Only desi porn sites I consider to be worthy of sharing get put out there.Trust me, when it comes to watching spicy (full-length) desi videos on your desktop, tablet or mobile smartphone, I’m the right person around to tell you masturbating fucktards where to find desi sluts with big tits and shaved vaginas (in threesomes) to go for a wank with your fleshlight sex toy.I assume you want to stream or download your fix of uncut hardcore Indian (HD) porn by using a porno tube site? These are the best, most famous and most popular places on the Internet if you want to see hot Indian couples having sex.
This is where long-time online friends finally meet in the flesh, and new friends are made over the weekend.
Whether you’re planning on moving the payload in Overwatch, raging at your team mates in DOTA 2, or fragging your way to victory in a heated game of Call of Duty, the NAG LAN is an unforgettable experience, and each year the tickets sell out in minutes.
r Age is South Africa’s biggest annual video gaming, computer, technology and geek culture exhibition.
Over the course of the weekend tens of thousands of enthusiastic fans descend on the venue for three days of gaming, technology, gadgets, and geek lifestyle entertainment. 1 hotel in Atlantic City by Trip Advisor reviewers, Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa is discounting four package options exclusively to Travelzoo members with savings of over 50% on winter stays.
uses are in various complications related to ATA (anatomical therapeutic action). is available in India and sold at almost every medical store, you can not buy LACTODEX HMF without prescription. … continue reading »
AusTender materials are released by the Department of Finance [under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 licence (CC BY 3.0 AU)]
AusTender materials are subject to change and should be verified on the AusTender website to ensure the information is up to date and correct: www.tenders.gov.au.
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright © 2007 Your store name here All Rights Reserved.
While majority of the meals we had in Inner Mongolia were good, I can’t say the same for lodging. We opted to stay in wooden cabin and yurt, in hope to get a better feel of how the locals lived.
The wooden cabin does look rustic and “comfortable” enough, but there were unexpected downsides to it. The walls were so thin, we could hear every conversation going on in our adjoining rooms. One family had a bawling kid, while the other side were loud talking family. When night comes, the thunderous snoring ensued, as though they were in the same room.
The yurts are traditional hut like home for the locals. Although it isn’t the common dwellings in the modern time, many tourists opt to live in one for the experience. Most yurts now were built with modern comfort such as heater, electricity, and toilets attached. You can call it a luxurious roughing out and the kids definitely loved it. However it becomes dreadful when the hot water was not properly pipped to the yurt and it was below 10 degree celsius. Water coming out was from the tap was yellowish, which they claimed were good minerals from the underground water source. I call that mud water!
affiliate marketing amazon earnings affiliate marketing amazon pay | affiliate marketing amazon for beginners affiliate marketing jobs in mumbai
Click on a ClickBank Marketplace category that interests you to load the list of the products listed in that category. The displayed clickbank products will be by default sorted by their popularity rank with the most popular products being displayed at the top of the list. Use the provided drop down box to change the default sort order to be gravity, percent per sale, earned per sale, and etc.
888.com is a premium gaming destination and a well established name in the casino and poker circuit. Its site offers numerous sub-brands including 888sport, 888ladies, 888bingo, 888casino and 888poker, as well as ReefClub Casino. The 888 family of companies attract millions of players, and the company provides affiliates with frequent promotions to keep players interested.
In April 2008 the State of New York inserted an item in the state budget asserting sales tax jurisdiction over Amazon.com sales to residents of New York, based on the existence of affiliate links from New York–based websites to Amazon.[41] The state asserts that even one such affiliate constitutes Amazon having a business presence in the state, and is sufficient to allow New York to tax all Amazon sales to state residents. Amazon challenged the amendment and lost at the trial level in January 2009. The case is currently making its way through the New York appeals courts.
Established in 2000, this company has since grown into one of the most well regarded affiliate networks in the UK, as well as the world. Currently, it boasts of over 1,600 brands across 77 sectors in 11 territories worldwide. They also provide a simple, user friendly dashboard, as well as an array of useful tools that can definitely help you boost your affiliate marketing campaigns.
Tools & Resources: I’ve written a pretty comprehensive guide on the best web design software that covers both free and premium software packages. If you’re serious about becoming a web designer, then I recommend purchasing the full Adobe Creative Cloud Suite. At $49.99 per month, this is probably a bargain considering what you can achieve with this set of tools.
Creating your own food blog, will not only be fun, but done well it should also be profitable. Link your site to affiliate cooking products, sell your food photos, create and sell your own physical cookbook, or launch a cooking app. Equally, you could turn your cooking blog into a membership site. You would then share all your content, including recipes, how to videos, food photographs, and much more, with only your paid up members.
Everyone says you're a fantastic writer, so isn't it about time you got paid? Good writing is still in demand says Durst, especially for online content. For the best sites tryJournalismJobs.com,About.com seeks "Guides" in a broad area of topics, andMediaBistro.com. For blogging jobs, tryproblogger.net. If you have experience as a freelance copy editor, writer or proofreader, go toeditfast.com. Rates vary between $15 and $25 an hour.
Hi Jamie! Thank you for the great information. I just learned about affiliate marketing last week. The source however, is an older couple who work for World Wide Dreams Builders (WWDB). So, basically Amway. After researching a bit. I have no interest in WWDB and. (It sounds like years of recruiting people with minimal payout) Though, I am highly intrigued by e-commerce and affiliate marketing. Before your post the company I recognized was Amazon. Can you please tell me if that will be the best 1st step. I am currently an unemployed student Veteran. So plan to fully emerge into this business regime and would greatly appreciate your advice on this!!!
Provide excellent customer service. Answer any questions buyers post as quickly as possible. Be professional and courteous. Positive communication builds your reputation with buyers and gets you return business. Also, package your product well and ship it out quickly. Allowing an item to become damaged or taking too long to ship can negatively affect your reputation among buyers. Wrap all items, especially fragile ones, in appropriate packaging. Commit to shipping items as soon as you receive payment.[32]
sign up for affiliate marketing programs amazon affiliate marketing software | amazon affiliate marketing work from home affiliate marketing network company
Can you make money with affiliate marketing? The short answer is yes, affiliate programs can earn a extra money and even a full-time income from home. The long answer is a little more complicated. Like any home income venture, success comes not so much from what you choose to do to make money, but whether or not you do what needs to be done correctly and consistently.
Double check yourself, before you double wreck yourself. Make sure everything you send to a company, whether a résumé, an email or a portfolio, is good to go. Double check your grammar and wording, and for God’s sake use spell check! This is especially important when it comes to the company’s name. Don’t spell their name wrong and be sure to type it how they type it (e.g. Problogger, not Pro Blogger).
There are numerous printing companies that will print your designs onto not just T-shirts, but also hoodies, hats, posters, cushions, bags, and phone cases, to name a few items. These businesses also offer fulfillment services. This means that you promote the merchandise on your own site and once you sell a product the printing company will not only print your design but also send the item directly to the buyer. So all you have to do is concentrate on the marketing and selling of your products, and the fulfillment company will take care of the rest.
Etsy is the most popular online marketplace for handmade goods and crafts. From bracelets to phone cases, rings, furniture, and more, Etsy is perfect for anyone who is creative and wants to sell their handmade creations. As long as you have the space, this can make for one of the best ways to make money online that can be started with a very limited investment. Consider these 5 steps to starting an Etsy store, from Handmadeology.
If you’re willing to take on some risk and have the heart of a true hustler, you can make extra money online doing commission-only sales for startups and other businesses. While you won’t be getting a regular salary, with the right sales strategies and skills as an inside sales rep, you can make decent money for each sale you bring in. And because you’ll most likely be working with startups, if you can negotiate a little equity you could profit big time if you're pitching a solid product and the startup succeeds.
Thanks! I have a few products mixed into my blog posts, and will be adding more. I have found CB to be a mixed bag so far - but need more time to see how it pans out. Also wondering about setting up more sites to follow the funnel you set up. I was pleased to hear you mention having 3 follow ups in the responder sequence. Someone else had suggested 10! I figured by 4 or 5 you lost them anyway.
While your site is still new, it's a good idea to start capitalizing on someone else's audience. Continue focusing on building your own content, but also considering writing content for a few big, high-traffic blogs that are relevant for your niche. By writing content for a bigger site, you are able to get in front of another audience and showcase your expertise on a particular topic. This will eventually lead to more traffic to your site, as well.
You are also protected by 60 Days Money Back Guarantee so your purchase is risk free and you are safe.If you don't like this product, or for any other reason, you can just ask for your money back within 8-Weeks and that's it - your purchase is refunded, no questions asked.See, you can't lose here. Take it for a test drive, if you don't like the product just ask for your refund.
Domain name trading has been around for the last couple decades, and while most slam-dunk names have long been sold off, there’s still plenty of others that you can get your hands on for relatively cheap and broker as a way to make money online. Before you dive in, however, beware that some experts doubt the long-term viability of this idea for making money online. However, there’s always the change you might just land on a lucrative domain name for a future billion-dollar company. To get you started, here are some tips from GoDaddy, arguably the world’s largest and most famous repository of domain names.
Hi Jamie, awesome content that is very helpful esp with the resources, links and the rich discussions. Want to start e-commerce and blog for money…selling others products, want to go full on with this, tired of the daily routine crunch working for others. I live in a developing country (PNG) that has high internet costs (work still in progress with getting rates down…) so will see how I go with your posts. Any advise? Don’t have a website yet, have to build one I guess….
Once you’ve had children, many parents find themselves caught in the trap of needing to work but wanting to stay home with their kids. Creating your own parenting blog can not only be a way to make some money, it can also help you connect with other parents and make sense of those crazy sleepless early parenting years (it does get easier don’t worry!)
Display. Just as in any retail operation, the way you display your wares will greatly impact your sales. Produce should be placed underneath a cover to protect it from the sun, but be sure to allow at least seven feet of head room. Display your prices prominently, and clearly identify the things that make your product special. Personalize your stand with signs to inform your customers.
Money can be earned and spent, saved and pilfered, invested and wasted. Not time. That's why time is far more valuable than money. The point? When you lack the luxury of time, making money online (or offline) can seem like an impossible task. How are you supposed to do that when you're working at a life-sucking nine-to-five job? While the stability of full-time employment might allow most to sleep well at night, it doesn't empower your creative juices to search for new income-producing strategies.
“Every business, no matter what industry, needs to invest in digital marketing,” says DesignRush Founder and Executive Director Gabriel Shaoolian. “The best digital marketing agencies effectively promote a brand identity across a variety of channels. This captures a highly targeted audience more efficiently and scales the business at a lightning-fast speed.”
CashCrate sends out literally thousands of payments a month to users just like you who spend time completing surveys and offers on CashCrate.com. How do they do it? Well, they do surveys and offers regularly. It really adds up! Your initial goal should be to meet minimum payout, which is $20.00. Making $20.00 in free cash is actually quite easy considering there are hundreds of surveys and offers available, but here are a few tips to get you to your goal faster:
The seller, whether a solo entrepreneur or large enterprise, is a vendor, merchant, product creator, or retailer with a product to market. The product can be a physical object, like household goods, or a service, like makeup tutorials. Also known as the brand, the seller does not need to be actively involved in the marketing, but they may also be the advertiser and profit from the revenue sharing associated with affiliate marketing.
Because of the strong interest in quality of life and work-life balance issues, life coaches have become popular in recent years. Unlike the intellectual demands of becoming a technical or executive coach, life coaching can be successful if you possess common sense, a respect for family and a commitment to enjoy life to the max every day and helping others do the same.
19. eBay – Of course you can’t read an article about making money online that doesn’t mention eBay. You can start an eBay store and get serious about it or you can just sell some stuff to declutter your home. Either way, I’ve made my fair share from selling on eBay and it’s still a popular way to earn money. If you decide to start an actual eBay store, you’ll want to find a drop-ship business like Doba that will store and ship items straight to your customers so you don’t have to deal with an inventory.
Next, I’m going to walk you through the information that’s in this box, because this is a lot of information in this little box and it can get overwhelming if you don’t know what all these terms mean. The first thing you want to pay attention to is the average amount of money per sale. This is not how much the product costs; this is how much an affiliate makes on average for one sale of that product. When you look at the stats line, this basically drills that down into a little bit more detail. The initial sale is $20.65. Why does this go all the way up to $26.80? That’s because there’s a re-bill feature. What that is, is basically they buy the product, and then there’s an add-on or another option for that person to sign up to some membership site, and that’s how much they make on average from the re-bill. If you average everything together, this is how much the affiliate makes with everything considered.
Top Offer On All Of Clickbank! Affiliates are making up to $5,000 per day promoting this offer. You'll earn 75% commission on ALL sales and they'll even send followup emails with your affiliate ID in them to make sure you get credit! If you've never promoted a Clickbank product before, this one is guaranteed to get a lot of sales for you! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED:
There’s an excellent chance that you have one or several musical instruments sitting in storage that haven’t been used in years. Perhaps it’s a leftover from when you were in school, or even from your days playing in a band. Whatever the reason that you have it, it’s probably worth money if you can sell it. Brand-new instruments are ridiculously expensive, so people often look to buy used equipment instead, particularly if they are novices.
Many big businesses are looking for social media influencers to become long-term ambassadors for their brand. This would involve you working closely with one particular band, and promoting their clothes, products, and services. You may also be restricted from promoting other brands, so check out the small print before agreeing to any long-term agreements.
The best way to think about affiliate marketing is quality over quantity. There are a lot of small websites that will promote your product, but the key is finding a small number of partners that will deliver conversions. For example, an equity management services firm has over 20,000 affiliates in its system, but only about 25 affiliates generate 85 percent of revenue.
hello my name is ralph an I have been trying to promote clickbank productes on line but I have not had any luck , I do not have any website and to be honest no money what so ever, and live with my parents right now and have been trying to get something going to make some kind of money to move forward with everything , but have had no luck in promoting any product from click bank , just wondering what you can suggest to me , and please do not say get a job because I have been looking for one.
Perhaps you’re raising kids and you’re committed to not using daycare. Maybe you’re a little older and can’t commit to a full-time job. Or you might be injured or disabled, making it difficult for you to leave your home each day. Whatever your reason is, if you’re stuck at home most of the day, you’ve probably thought about the income you could be making by taking a work-from-home job or running your own business.
Robert DeLong's single, "Favorite Color Is Blue" (feat. K.Flay), will be featured on the soundtrack for the new EA Sports game, NHL®19. DeLong will be heard alongside the artists Imagine Dragons, Panic! At The Disco and Twenty One Pilots.
The Robinswood Academy Trust fully abides by the Academies Financial Handbook and Department of Education guidance in respect to governance. All governors have declared any potential conflicts of interest, which is updated and recorded at each Trust Board /Advisory Board Meeting. If the Trust decides to use the services of any connected parties, these are provided at cost in accordance with the guidance set out in the Academies Financial Handbook.
After almost 8 month with out any updates because of my studies,I'm back with my robot Glory 3.0. I will update all the documentation and the information about the robot in the following days and some photos.
The reason of uploading this documentation is that the 22 of may, the robot will participate in "Robocampeones", a high-school competition where you have to present the robot with some documentation. I'm going to participate in the freedom event.
The robot started as a personal robot for improving my arduino skills. After 2 years working on it, a friend encourage me to present the robot in this competition in Madrid. So, I started to prepare the robot for the event. The robot has a pan/tilt camera, a shotgun and is control by Rf. If you read my previous post, you will see the RF 433 Mhz tutorial. This code is used for control the robot through RF
I will update more information tomorrow, thanks for reading and leave some comments. Please write your sugerence to this email controlrobotics@rodrigomompo.com
I read the RadioHead documentation and you're right, RadioHead is better than virtualwire. The library have more funtions and supports modules like the nRF24L01
However, virtualwire works find with 433mhz unidirectional modules and virtualwire is easier to use than RadioHead. More functions also mean know how to use them.
In conclusion, I will use virtualwire for rf 433mhz modules but for more complex applications i will use RadioHead with other modules like nRF24L01
In my country (Spain) in order to enter in the university I have to take some exams 10,11,12 of June. After that I will prepare a tutorial using RadioHead and nRF24L01
Other Links :~ | Location in State | Block-demarcated District Map | District Profile | Administrative Blocks | Govt. Departments | Govt. Telephones | Latest News | Top Page
Oh my, this one is both a looker and tastes amazingly! :-) This bento idea is based on the basic tamagoyaki recipe, so feel free to use your favorite ingredients: champignons or chanterelle mushroom, herbs, different kinds of onion, bacon bits, ham shavings etc. Go crazy! :-) It's also a very good side dish!
Tamagoyaki is a great and easy to make bento ingredient. It's savory taste goes well with vegetables and diary ingredients, it packs a reasonable amount of protein and will satisfy your hunger for a long time. It's good served warm, as well as cold.
Japanese word tamago means an egg and word yaki usually indicates that it is fried in some kind of way — with this recipe you can make a wonderful Japanese delicacy that not only tastes great, but also is a great way to make a great-looking little dish for your breakfast or bento!
Program Description Nationwide agency for personal and private chefs, that offers hands-on cooking classes.
Program Focus Mexican, American, Baking/Pastry, Far Eastern/Asian, Healthy/Vegetarian, French, Spanish, Children, Vacation, Wine, Italian
Chicken is one of the most favourite dish in my classes and it is so easy to make once. I always use raw cashew nuts and roast it in the oven to avoid using too much oil like the the original Thai recipe over internet. The main character for this dish is the savory chicken blends nicely with the crunchy cashew nuts and the crunchy veggies. The dried chili gives it that smoky spiciness and it's addictive.
.Heat up the oven to 220 degree. Place the cashew nuts on a baking tray and put it in the oven. Turn off the oven right away and leave the cashew nuts to be roasted slowly for 10 minutes. Slow roasting this way will make the nuts crunchy and retain its beautiful flavour.
. Sprinkle 2 table spoons corn flour to coat the chicken. Heat ½ cup of cooking oil and fry the chicken for 3 minutes until cooked at medium high heat. Set aside.
.Add 2 table spoons cooking oil to the frying pan and heat up. Toss the dried chili in quickly to infuse the oil. Add in peppers, mushrooms, baby sweet corn and stir well for 3 minutes.
.Add in the chicken, cashew nut. Toss well then slowly pour in the seasoning bowl and mix well. Cook for 3 minutes and add onion and spring onion. Mix all together for 2 minutes and it's ready to serve.
You can cook the green curry the same way as the red curry recipe but I prefer the curry to retain it's green chili flavour so...
This savoury Vietnamese grilled aubergine with minced pork/ chicken is unforgettable. Grilled aubergine is incredible soft, sweet, ...
I'd never tried them before but seeing my friends sharing those beautiful spiral potato pics on Facebook while on holiday. They are...
I visited Thailand few times and I had taste the freshly made Thai curry with wonderful aroma from local ingredients. Thai curry...
I love Singapore noodle and for the Irish I changed recipe using more of Western ingredients. The original recipe uses dried shrimps, t...
Since my two son are diagnosed with autism, I make sure they won’t eat anything I think contains artificial ingredients. One of t...
Chicken is one of the most favourite dish in my classes and it is so easy to make once. I always use raw cashew nuts and roa...
A friend introduced me herbal Rooibos tea few months back then and I love it since. Rooibos tea, also called red bush tea, is a...
Thai chicken basil is one of the most easy dish to make and it's a good introducing dish to anyone who is not familiar t...
I'd never tried them before but seeing my friends sharing those beautiful spiral potato pics on Facebook while on holiday. They are very popular snack, street food all over Asia.
My first attempt making Asian spiral potato today, my kids finished them all in no time. I am more than happy to do another batch for them and their Irish neighbour friends.
I am not that strong to push the skewer through the whole potato so I cut it into half. Use a sharp small knife and gently cut the potato, make sure you go slowly follow spiral core of the skewers to the end.
Once reaching to the end, press the knife and go backward to make sure the cut is through. From the top you push the cut down to make space using the knife.
Soak them in water to remove the starch. Dust them with some flour ( mix in some curry powder and salt, black peppers or any kind of spice mixed you prefer)). In a large frying pan, heat up the oil and place the skewers neatly when the oil just slightly warm. Cook at medium heat. This way will help the flour stick to the potato.
Right after viewing product depth internet pages, appear listed here to find a straightforward way to navigate again to webpages you are interested in.
Goes well with cigars together with other leisure pursuits, too. Confers upon the wearer savant-like capabilities to Forged best loops, tie a person-handed blood knots, rope steers, or back an eighteen-wheeler through a slalom system with aplomb (YMMV). A hat That may be a contradiction in terms with its special power to throw off an unpretentious swagger in any placing.
> Start Your not too long ago seen goods and showcased tips › View or edit your browsing historical past
Go provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or Trade an product you may send out it back again for free of charge or consider it to your neighborhood shop.
Enroll in e mail now, and conserve $10 on the upcoming obtain of $50 or maybe more. This present is valid for new subscribers only and will be despatched to the e-mail address Soon.
Your session is going to timeout on account of inactivity. Click Okay to extend your time and efforts for an additional thirty minutes. OK
"Great hat, operates major" - By Amazon Client Great hat but operates large, meaning Together with the back plastic clasp closed many of the way, it continues to be a contact loose on me. I Commonly have these fashion hats with two opened spots within the again to fit adequately.
Our fishing buffs can help regulate Your entire body's temperature in both cold and hot climates. Anglers throughout the world adore them; ours are constructed from Coolmax® Extreme fabric to safeguard you from severe components and hold you neat when the temperature soars. For anglers who take pleasure in fishing in colder environments our windproof fleece hats block the wind and keep the ears heat from the punishing cold. Wherever your adventures direct, you can expect to look excellent and keep easily protected in any of our fly-fishing caps, hats, and buffs.
Sorry, we just need to be sure you're not a robot. For very best outcomes, please make certain your browser is accepting cookies.
A Kryptek® digital camo pattern provides a uniqueness towards your Over-all glance. Along with the customizable healthy of the snapback closure, you’ll really like the ease and comfort you receive with the Huk®Kryptek® Symbol Trucker Hat. · Kryptek® electronic camo sample.
A Kryptek® electronic camo sample adds a uniqueness on your General glimpse. Together with the customizable match of the snapback closure, you’ll really like the consolation you have Using the Huk®Kryptek® Symbol Trucker Hat. Be aware that the 2nd image is simply to indicate how the again seems to be - the hat has a royal blue entrance.
"Terrific for large heads" - By Dan White I really like Costa hats, Primarily this style variety. I've a large head, and this hat is a wonderful match for more substantial headed people today - even with just a little too much hair on our heads.
Just in case you're wondering what on Earth the title of this blog is all about, I'm quoting something I heard Mum chanting a few years ago while madly pacing up and down and daydreaming.
Well, after many hours of waiting for David to come out of the bathroom, we went to MFI to order our new kitchen for Woodberry...at dinner time. Mum hadn't eaten anything for breakfast either, so was pretty weak. Still, we battled on and tried to sort out the kitchen.
So, after three hours at the shop, we have the kitchen units, countertop and gas hob are officially ordered. As well as the sink, which was chosen by David at the last minute and which none of us like. Oh, but "does it matter? At least we have one ordered now." Um, since you ask, yes, it does matter actually. If we're paying a lot of money for a sink we may as well shop around and find one we like.
We had McDonalds chips on the way back to Grottsville (just perfect for Mum's bad stomach, I'm sure), and then David took off to work, seeming to forget he lost his job five days ago now! He's come in just now looking really sorry for himself, and told us that he couldn't get the computer at his old desk to work. Well, I wonder why that was?
Oh dear. I know what you're all thinking to yourselves. Why hasn't she mentioned the orthodontist? Well, I guess I have to own up. I made myself really ill with the stress of it all, to the point I was very nearly physically sick this morning (very rare for me), and I knew I couldn't cope with the appointment emotionally. So I rang in sick, and the appointment has been put off until September 24th. Not that I'll feel any better about the treatment then. I don't know what I'm going to do.
On a happier note, the Comic Con pony and blank pony I ordered from Sailor Libra arrived! Wow, that was fast! The Comic Con pony is simply beautiful, even if she does look a little silly without proper eyes. The blank pony is to become a G3 version of a G1 pony, as soon as I can get some proper paint for the job, and figure out if I'm going to dye her hair or totally re-hair her. I need to get Lancer finished too.
Anyone want to vote on who the pony should be? It's between Truly and Bright Eyes. Truly is my favourite G1 character (after Lancer, of course!), but it would be kind of nice to have Lancer and Bright Eyes together as a pair. I will never customise a pony other than these blank ponies, so unless I suddenly win the lottery and can order more of them while they're still available, these will be my only ever custom ponies. So any help with this decision will be much appreciated!
Well, we are off to Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth for three days now, so I won't be online again until Sunday. I will try to catch up with my letters before bed, but if you haven't had a response to your last message, I am really sorry. I will write to you as soon as I get back, I promise.
Hi, my name's Desirée Skylark. I’m a 24-year-old daydreamer, stranded in the UK but hoping someday to move to Vancouver. I would love to be a professional actress, specialising in voice overs in animation and commercials, and in musical theatre... did I mention that I like daydreaming? I am the proud owner of a large herd of My Little Ponies – some people might laugh, but they help me to de-stress and take me back to my happier childhood days! I’m also a coin operated ride enthusiast – I have over 1600 photos of them from when I was small! Almost ALL of these rides have now been scrapped so I’m trying to put together a website about them and the people who made them. It’s quite fascinating to discover their history! The last few years of my life have been an utter nightmare (read my older blog entries for the full details), and I have been left with no education or chance to achieve my full potential as far as finding a job goes. I do hope now that we have finally moved house that I will be able to start getting my life back on track, but it’s going to be hard. Join me on my blogging journey – can I turn this into a real life Cinderella story with a happy ending?
She takes the time to get to know her students on an individual basis to provide customized training.Hopefully it will for the director and producer as well - Carrie Kohan, ecstatic with the acting performance of her daughter, Nakita, after an audition - in a casino gratis fruitautomaten..
There&apos;s the ever popular black and geld winnen spel white chequered floor and red faux leather seats, however it&apos;s the moving features which really impress.
Based on a popular theme, Pink Panther has free video slots machines online five different bonus games that are best roulette online uk randomly triggered during your play.For the transition to the top game play first the 1/0 game.Two cherries on the 1st and 2nd reel give 4 points and a single cherry 0 or 4 points.The maximum per meter is 200 points.For the top game the upper reels are used.The panels WIN 1 and 0 are flashing.WIN 1 will light after pressing the start / save button (this is done.9 of cases) the player wins 1 point.Secret Admirer, full of hearts and roses, this slot game will sure be found appealing by all romantic women.Try all our internet games for fun!We are a leading full-service social agency and content studio fueling fandoms for brands.Play casino freiburg poker the most popular Video Slots this moment at Crazy Slots.Turbo Joker, full screen sluiten, de gokkast Turbo Joker van.
193 Everything Is Nice Collected Stories Fragments And Plays By Author Jane Bowles December 2012 DOC
4 democracy crime and justice the annals of the american academy of political and social science series no short description democracy crime and justice the annals of the american academy of political and social science series because this is pdf file * PDF *
5 science grade 5 a closer look no short description science grade 5 a closer look because this is pdf file * PDF *
6 the oil kings how the us iran and saudi arabia changed the balance of power in the middle east no short description the oil kings how the us iran and saudi arabia changed the balance of power in the middle east because this is pdf file * PDF *
8 discover kingdom health interview with raw food rehab creator penni shelton radiant living interview series book 2 no short description discover kingdom health interview with raw food rehab creator penni shelton radiant living interview series book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
13 500 practice questions for the new sat created for the redesigned 2016 exam college test preparation no short description 500 practice questions for the new sat created for the redesigned 2016 exam college test preparation because this is pdf file * PDF *
14 make money repairing iphones a guide for todays hustler on how to start and grow a successful iphone repair business no short description make money repairing iphones a guide for todays hustler on how to start and grow a successful iphone repair business because this is pdf file * PDF *
15 uplift secrets from the sisterhood of breast cancer survivors no short description uplift secrets from the sisterhood of breast cancer survivors because this is pdf file * PDF *
16 starting and managing your own physical therapy practice no short description starting and managing your own physical therapy practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
17 teaching gifted children in todays preschool and primary classrooms identifying nurturing and challenging children ages 49 no short description teaching gifted children in todays preschool and primary classrooms identifying nurturing and challenging children ages 49 because this is pdf file * PDF *
18 education fever hawaii studies on korea no short description education fever hawaii studies on korea because this is pdf file * PDF *
19 evil influences crusades against the mass media no short description evil influences crusades against the mass media because this is pdf file * PDF *
20 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good by smith kevinfebruary 5 2013 paperback no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good by smith kevinfebruary 5 2013 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
22 bootstrap practical guide with easy to follow steps and instructions from zero to professional book 3 no short description bootstrap practical guide with easy to follow steps and instructions from zero to professional book 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
27 awo ifa concept of divination no short description awo ifa concept of divination because this is pdf file * PDF *
28 promoting executive function in the classroom what works for special needs learners no short description promoting executive function in the classroom what works for special needs learners because this is pdf file * PDF *
29 essentials of health culture and diversity essential public health 1st first edition by edberg mark published by jones bartlett learning 2012 no short description essentials of health culture and diversity essential public health 1st first edition by edberg mark published by jones bartlett learning 2012 because this is pdf file * PDF *
32 deliver us from evil putting a stop to the occultic influence invading your home and community no short description deliver us from evil putting a stop to the occultic influence invading your home and community because this is pdf file * PDF *
34 data mining in agriculture 2009 springer optimization and its applications 34 by mucherino antonio author 2012 paperback no short description data mining in agriculture 2009 springer optimization and its applications 34 by mucherino antonio author 2012 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
35 board review questions cardiology no short description board review questions cardiology because this is pdf file * PDF *
37 translator and interpreter training issues methods and debates bloomsbury studies in translation no short description translator and interpreter training issues methods and debates bloomsbury studies in translation because this is pdf file * PDF *
38 france and the construction of europe 1944 to 2007 the geopolitical imperative monographs in french studies no short description france and the construction of europe 1944 to 2007 the geopolitical imperative monographs in french studies because this is pdf file * PDF *
41 renault megane and scenic petrol and diesel service and repair manual 1996 to 1999 haynes service and repair manuals no short description renault megane and scenic petrol and diesel service and repair manual 1996 to 1999 haynes service and repair manuals because this is pdf file * PDF *
44 writing workshop how to make the perfect outline to make writing your paper a breeze no short description writing workshop how to make the perfect outline to make writing your paper a breeze because this is pdf file * PDF *
46 doing sensory ethnography no short description doing sensory ethnography because this is pdf file * PDF *
47 playing women from the inside a glimpse into the reality of playing behind bars what every women should know no short description playing women from the inside a glimpse into the reality of playing behind bars what every women should know because this is pdf file * PDF *
50 outsiders poems about rebels exiles and renegades no short description outsiders poems about rebels exiles and renegades because this is pdf file * PDF *
51 the elements of expression putting thoughts into words revised and expanded no short description the elements of expression putting thoughts into words revised and expanded because this is pdf file * PDF *
53 medical terminology simplified a programmed learning approach by body system no short description medical terminology simplified a programmed learning approach by body system because this is pdf file * PDF *
54 to hope or die from warsaw uprising to sachsenhausen concentration camp and after memoirs of a survivor no short description to hope or die from warsaw uprising to sachsenhausen concentration camp and after memoirs of a survivor because this is pdf file * PDF *
57 by robert kreitner management 11th edition no short description by robert kreitner management 11th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
62 learning mental fitness training learning techniques to enhance your mental toughness learning fast mental fitness mental traininglearning skills learning tec no short description learning mental fitness training learning techniques to enhance your mental toughness learning fast mental fitness mental traininglearning skills learning tec because this is pdf file * PDF *
63 essentials of stochastic processes springer texts in statistics no short description essentials of stochastic processes springer texts in statistics because this is pdf file * PDF *
64 deliver us i recognizing the influence of evil on the road to redemption no short description deliver us i recognizing the influence of evil on the road to redemption because this is pdf file * PDF *
66 motorcycle touring everything you need to know no short description motorcycle touring everything you need to know because this is pdf file * PDF *
67 culture and mental health sociocultural influences theory and practice no short description culture and mental health sociocultural influences theory and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
68 moving with math fractions geometry measurement level b iii teacher guide and answer key no short description moving with math fractions geometry measurement level b iii teacher guide and answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
69 the complete idiots guide to car care and repair illustrated no short description the complete idiots guide to car care and repair illustrated because this is pdf file * PDF *
70 oxford service music for organ manuals and pedals book 2 no short description oxford service music for organ manuals and pedals book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
74 musculoskeletal medicine in primary care an essential guide for examination diagnosis and management no short description musculoskeletal medicine in primary care an essential guide for examination diagnosis and management because this is pdf file * PDF *
76 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good author kevin smith feb 2013 no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good author kevin smith feb 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
79 the us 30 caliber gas operated service rifles a shop manual volumes i ii no short description the us 30 caliber gas operated service rifles a shop manual volumes i ii because this is pdf file * PDF *
80 the everything parents guide to common core math grades k 5 no short description the everything parents guide to common core math grades k 5 because this is pdf file * PDF *
83 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good by smith kevin 2013 paperback no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good by smith kevin 2013 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
84 mdct and mri of the heart a z notes in radiological practice and reporting no short description mdct and mri of the heart a z notes in radiological practice and reporting because this is pdf file * PDF *
86 cultural diversity in health and illnessculture care guide to heritage assessment health cultural diversity in health illness spector no short description cultural diversity in health and illnessculture care guide to heritage assessment health cultural diversity in health illness spector because this is pdf file * PDF *
87 primary art its the process not the product no short description primary art its the process not the product because this is pdf file * PDF *
90 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good signed edition by kevin smith 2012 hardcover no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good signed edition by kevin smith 2012 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
91 kaleidoscope redrawing an american family tree no short description kaleidoscope redrawing an american family tree because this is pdf file * PDF *
92 oceans and human health implications for society and well being no short description oceans and human health implications for society and well being because this is pdf file * PDF *
93 understanding the connections between coastal waters and ocean ecosystem services and human health workshop summary no short description understanding the connections between coastal waters and ocean ecosystem services and human health workshop summary because this is pdf file * PDF *
96 under the influence of evil a brutally abusive childhood exposed no short description under the influence of evil a brutally abusive childhood exposed because this is pdf file * PDF *
98 cardiology intensive board review no short description cardiology intensive board review because this is pdf file * PDF *
99 advances in probabilistic graphical models studies in fuzziness and soft computing no short description advances in probabilistic graphical models studies in fuzziness and soft computing because this is pdf file * PDF *
100 doing anthropological research a practical guide published by routledge 2013 no short description doing anthropological research a practical guide published by routledge 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
101 democracy 20 rules of order for everyday democrats the voting members handbook no short description democracy 20 rules of order for everyday democrats the voting members handbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
103 the dawning of awakening glimpses into the nature of reality no short description the dawning of awakening glimpses into the nature of reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
104 health of human spirit by seaward brian luke jones bartlett learning2012 paperback 2nd edition no short description health of human spirit by seaward brian luke jones bartlett learning2012 paperback 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
106 answer key to algebra two and trigonometry eleventh year mathematics no short description answer key to algebra two and trigonometry eleventh year mathematics because this is pdf file * PDF *
107 methods for the ethnography of communication language in use in schools and communities no short description methods for the ethnography of communication language in use in schools and communities because this is pdf file * PDF *
108 reagan at reykjavik forty eight hours that ended the cold war no short description reagan at reykjavik forty eight hours that ended the cold war because this is pdf file * PDF *
110 algebra 2 worked out solution key 2001 no short description algebra 2 worked out solution key 2001 because this is pdf file * PDF *
111 solutions manual to accompany applied mathematics and modeling for chemical engineers author richard g rice published on december 2013 no short description solutions manual to accompany applied mathematics and modeling for chemical engineers author richard g rice published on december 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
112 cracking the cbest 3rd edition professional test preparation no short description cracking the cbest 3rd edition professional test preparation because this is pdf file * PDF *
116 tarot 101 mastering the art of reading the cards paperback common no short description tarot 101 mastering the art of reading the cards paperback common because this is pdf file * PDF *
117 help me guide to the iphone 5s step by step user guide for apples sixth generation smartphone no short description help me guide to the iphone 5s step by step user guide for apples sixth generation smartphone because this is pdf file * PDF *
118 improving democracy assistance building knowledge through evaluations and research no short description improving democracy assistance building knowledge through evaluations and research because this is pdf file * PDF *
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012
Rockcastle County Schools does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in its programs and activities and provides equal access to the Boy Scouts and other designated youth groups.
If you are into sport manager games and you like football, you should try out Rocking Soccer. It's an innovative, fast growing soccer manager game where you control your own football team. Train your players, decide the line-up, win your matches! You can also improve your club by building training centers, stadium, youth complex, etc.
To maintain a friendly gaming atmosphere we expect our users to follow the following behavioural rules.
Do not provoke other users in breaking these rules. Eg. if someone spams you, do not reply but report him/her if he/she still continues.
If you don't follow these rules, you will receive a warning. Repeated offenses will be punished by banning.
Anonymised statistics can be used to determine the demographics of the game for advertising purposes.
Rocking Rackets developers are not responsible for mistakes in translations other than English or Dutch. (Rocking Rackets developers are not responsible for mistakes in translations other than English or Dutch)
Real Estate Sale Status Terms can vary in meaning from location to location and are often just plain confusing. Here are simple explanations of some of the most common real estate sale status terms used in Northern California sales transactions.
A property is listed on the date the seller signs an agreement with a broker to sell it. Under recent rule changes, sellers in some areas may now instruct their broker to either begin marketing the property immediately or to delay marketing until a future date. When marketing begins at a later date, the sales status is Coming Soon.
For more about Listing types (e.g. exclusive, open, pocket, etc.), see Real Estate Listing Types Explained.
A property is Active when it is placed on the market for sale. Some brokers and Multiple Listing Services (MLS) use additional sub-categories of Active, such as these:
New: Sometimes used to identify properties that have been on the market for just a short time, usually around seven days.
Active – BOM: Property was under contract to be sold, but the sale was cancelled and the property is back on the market.
Active – REO: The property is owned by a lender, usually acquired by the lender through foreclosure.
Active – SS: Designates a property being sold as a Short Sale requiring special transaction processing.
Sold can have two vastly different definitions – ask your broker which one applies where your property is located.
Sold may mean that buyer and seller have executed a sale contract, even if that contract includes an escrow period and change of ownership doesn’t occur until a future date.
In some areas, Sold means that escrow has closed, change of ownership has been completed and the buyer is now in possession of the property.
A property is Contingent when a sales contract has been signed that contains one or more contingencies that must be satisfied before the sale may close. The most common contingencies are completion of inspections, performance of repairs, and approval of buyer financing. There are four common sub-categories for Contingent:
Contingent – Show: The property is available to show and contract contingencies are still in effect.
Contingent – No Show: Contract contingencies are still in place, but the seller no longer wants brokers to show the property to potential buyers.
Contingent – Release: Contingencies have been either satisfied or waived by the buyer or the contractual contingency release period has expired.
Pending is a status often used either when there are no contingencies in the purchase contract or when all contingencies have been satisfied or released. Three common Pending sub-categories are:
The Cancelled status refers to the listing contract between the seller and the listing broker, not to cancellation of a purchase agreement with a buyer.
The Expired status refers to the listing contract between the seller and the listing broker. Almost all listing agreements have expiration dates and automatically expire unless seller and broker execute an extension.
Here are some of the most common status terms used in three of the real estate markets served by Cordon Real Estate. Variations and sub-categories of these terms may also be used based upon the type of property and circumstances relating to a specific sale. All terms are subject to change.
I hope these explanations of real estate sale status terms was helpful. If you have any questions regarding real estate buying, selling or investment, drop me a line!
John aggressively represents buyers and sellers of fine homes, land and investment properties in the San Francisco Bay Area (Wine Country/North Bay, East Bay and Silicon Valley. > Read More About Cordon Real Estate…
Copyright 2012-2018 Cordon Real Estate or the content providers identified herein. Cordon Real Estate is licensed by the California Bureau of Real Estate, John A. Souerbry, Broker, License 01370983. This site contains no tax or legal advice, consult with a qualified professional for such services. We do not share information with third parties without your permission. View our Online Privacy Policy under About Us on the site menu.
Type: All Single-storey	Two-storey Single-storey with semi-basement Two-storey with semi-basement Plots on the beach Properties for renovation
Sinn Féin Councillor Chris O'Leary has said the government’s four year plan for the economy is an attempt to make the unemployed, the sick, the low paid and students pay for the sins of the wealthy, and will only deepen the recession.
“This plan lets the wealthy off the hook, while hitting low and middle income earners hardest once again. And for what? Every penny of every tax increase and every spending cut will go to paying off the debt incurred for bailing out the banks."
“Not only is this plan morally wrong, it is economic lunacy. Nearly €14.5 billion was taken out of the economy in the past two years and the result is the recession is worse. Now they want to take out another €15 billion."
“Increasing VAT will not grow the economy, it will see people flooding across the border to shop and kill business in this state."
“Reducing the minimum wage and social welfare will reduce disposable income and lead to decreased consumer confidence and further job losses. The Government should be concentrating on getting people into jobs in order to lessen the social welfare bill."
“Reducing the tax band to €15,000 will bring thousands of low earners into the tax net but they are not increasing the top tax rate or targeting high earners."
“Increasing student charges from €1,500 to €2,000 will exclude thousands of students from college – parents will be faced with choices of ‘do we pay our mortgage or do we send our children to college?"
“There are alternatives. A 1% wealth tax on the assets of Ireland's 33,000 millionaires, for example, would bring in €5 billion over the next four years. However the government have chosen not to follow them."
"This is not a plan for recovery - it is an attack on the poor, the sick, the low paid and the young which will only prolong the recession and delay recovery."
In today’s episode, we talk about balance! How does one balance the time and struggles of school or work with personal life? How do you balance practice with performance? How…
Thank you to everyone who watched our pre-concert stream. Due to technical weirdness, we didn’t get everyone’s comments in real time, and so we weren’t able to answer all of…
In preparation for our recital on 10/17/17 and Drew’s residency at the University of Central Missouri, we talk about the steps we’ve taken to prepare and the strategies we use…
In today’s episode, we talk about marketability! What are some skills a complete musician should have to increase their chances in the job market? What are some of the areas…
In today’s episode, we talk about recording! How can one use recording to help them practice? How can one use recording to help them teach? When and why should you…
We continue along our composition route today with talking about first musical ideas when putting pencil to paper and writing music for the first time! We discuss key, balance, accessibility,…
In this episode we talk about how to get back in playing shape after a break – recovering from and/or avoiding the infamous ‘summer chops.’ 0:00 : Introduction 2:48 :…
Episode 1 of the Complete Musician Podcast: In this inaugural episode we talk about the format of the show and what to expect in future episodes.
Contents © 2018 Cornerstone Apostolic Church | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
100mg anxiety bereavement bullying commercial cleaning in york daily contract cleaning in lincoln depression office cleaning in lincoln part time job stress
This clip was assembled in Photoshop CS6, but I’m working on getting a full-featured video editor. If I find the time, I will redo this clip and maybe be able to add a lot more stuff to make it look better.
Despite how it may appear, I’m not super infatuated with my star player, the golden retriever, I was mainly trying to capture his emotion.
Also, I thought the part with the walking dogs was probably too long (besides being poor quality) but I was attempting to capture an action that had a beginning, middle and end.
I also had an issue about portrait versus landscape and techniques for being able to use both in the same clip. I did get a nice clip with hawks whistling and circling, but the hawks ended up looking like fruit flies in the clip.
Exporting the video was slow and required the reading of tutorials, and I had to upload the file to a server before being able to embed the clip in my blog. I chose Vimeo because I don’t think my expertise is such yet that I would want to post on YouTube…maybe later! The rest of you probably know of other video services.
Guest: Steven Seegel on Map Men: Transnational Lives and Deaths of Geographers in the Making of East Central Europe published by University of Chicago Press.
Guest: Elizabeth McGuire on “Communist Neverland: New Research on a Russian International Children's Home, 1933-1991.”
The Russian government has announced the criteria for purchasing private shares of state-owned oil company Rosneft, the Vedomosti business daily reported Friday.
Every city has its secrets and, every now and again, they see the light of day. When Moscow began its biggest road reconstruction project to date, workers uncovered treasures that had been hidden for centuries.
President Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian state television on Friday to address the French nation following the terror attack in the southern city of Nice on Thursday evening.
Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Cortamortaja - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Ever since a Blogging Peep posed the question a few weeks ago, I've been pondering why I blog. Silly to ask myself, probably, but it did stop and make me think.
And not the kind you think. I didn't need an escape or another community, support or a creative outlet. (Because you know I am fine being totally uncreative and just eating cookies and hanging out with friends and going to happy hour at Sonic a few--or several--times a week.)
So, realizing my gross inadequacy at sending pictures via email, writing short updates capturing Jackson and Lilly's latest craziness, and after failing to keep people informed as to our lives in general, I decided to start a blog.
I would rather write a detailed email or send a letter via snail mail. But it just doesn't get done.
Having a few anecdotes out there on the blog feels selfish. Like I am too busy to make contact with each of you, but if you make the effort to come to me, I'll be here!
Someone in the blogosphere (I can't remember whom or I would give them credit) described the blog as a mere sliver of pie.
With each post, people get a teeny slice of our lives. Not even close to the whole pie--the full picture of who we are, what our days are like, and of course, the many endeavors that we choose to withhold from the entire free world with internet access. (Imagine that.)
I started blogging (well for real, that is...there were a few stops and false starts along the way) after my kids were toddlers. Therefore, the big developmental milestones and rapid changes had slowed down considerably by the time I started sharing these snippets with loved ones.
Granted, there are still plenty of amazing and significant moments. But the rapid succession of teething, crawling, walking, and emptying entire drawers in less than ten seconds had passed.
I was told that all of those categories are too broad of a blogging focus and I need to clarify my purpose.
I love how something as small as a latte can make my day, how Lilly's wardrobe decisions crack me up, how Jackson oozes tenderness and ruggedness at the same time, and how shopping is just plain FUN.
Speaking of which, Lilly spent all afternoon in her size 2T Tinkerball pajamas, brown and pink argyle knee socks, and hot pink furry snow boots.
As a bonus, I've met and adore the other bloggers out there who share life in such a unique way. I love the fellow moms who share life's small victories, tears, and grand disasters without judgment or condescension.
I love laughing instead of crying (except when I laugh so hard I cry...which is often) and exchanging emails with people I may never meet but I somehow know are kindred spirits.
I love that our extended family has some clue of what's going on in our lives and that I don't have to keep a scrapbook to document all of the moments (precious and otherwise) that fly in and out of our garage door each day.
(Scrapbooks make me all shaky and tense and I AM AGAINST THEM and poor Lilly doesn't have so much as shreds of paper with dates written on them as to when she hit developmental phases.
I just remember thinking things like, "That's when Jackson got teeth!" so hopefully she'll never ask.)
But another thing I love about the blog is that it's a place to record the insanely simple and fun daily blessings, giving God glory for each of His good and perfect gifts.
I am thankful beyond words to have some amazing girls in my life with who I regularly share my burdens, struggles, and thorns. We wrestle with tough truths in the Bible while pushing each other to live out our faith, work out our theology, and live sacrificially on a daily basis.
We ask challenging questions and have sworn to spur each other toward the best road...not the easy or even the good path.
However, those are conversations I love having in person. The blog is just not a good way for me to flesh out my convictions. (I really admire those who are brave enough to attempt that.)
I love to read blogs where people argue beliefs and challenge each other's thinking...but I am not ready to jump in on those conversations. I feel too limited, too misunderstood, and like I might have to be articulate or something.
But I do feel that the blog is a great forum to capture the blissfulness and simplicity of my latest finds at the Gap.
I have no idea how many people show up each day to read the brain cell-emptying posts about tank tops and wonder how Brad and I were allowed to leave the hospital with live babies and no parenting license.
But I am so thankful they (YOU!) do. Thank you for the many emails, thank you for the comments, thank you for the encouragement that keeps this humble blog going.
I can just picture myself in heaven explaining this "blog" business to Moses. He will be picturing stone tablets and shaking his head.
"My soul will boast in the LORD"...And i praise Him daily for my family, coffee, sugar, running, friends, laughter and an incurable desire to redecorate.
I forgot to tell you...I painted my front door a lovely turquoise at the end of May. It needed a little snazzing. Don't get me wrong.....
**This is from last fall. I don't know why I didn't hit 'publish.' But I did today... Lilly: "Mom, I don't know ...
Continuing my life theme of having zero original ideas, my friend, Amy, and I stole several from the Hostess for a whimsical garden baby sh...
At this point, I think we've all come to understand why I only committed to the S.O.B . Once school and Bi...
I've been putting off blogging about Jackson's party because: a) it would require admitting we didn't actually have the party u...
This is currently my favorite drink, and I’m not a fan of Sierra Mist because I didn’t understand what was so special about it. The regular Sierra Mist taste like either Sprite or 7-Up and I didn’t see the point for this one. But now its all clear. Sierra Mist Cranberry Splash is amazing. I thought that when Mountain Dew made their Code Red that it was good. This is even better. Code Red (along with most Mountain Dews) tend to be very syrupie this isn’t. This drink is really refreshing and give us a taste of what a shirly temple in a can would be like if they made one.
Marcos Cosme has had a love for writing and film since he was little. By combing those two passions, he started studying film early on in Middle School and High School writing screenplays and working in his High School television production studio. When it came time for college he decided to pursue a bachelors in Electronic Film making from Fairleigh Dickinson University. Marcos continues to be an avid watcher of movies and scripted television series, although he does, on occasion, watch some reality shows. He has watched hundreds of movies during the course of his life and has worked in various roles on small independent film projects, including writing, producing and directing. In his spare time Marcos loves to write screenplays, read books, contribute articles, blogs and reviews on various topics including (but obviously not limited to) movies, television, books, and wrestling; just to name a few. He is a Rabbit aficionado (he has a dwarf rabbit named Peanut-who is the logo of Cos' Blog) and is a Golden Retriever connoisseur (he has two Goldens named Cassie and Chloe). He also love to spend time with his wife and as of July of 2015 they welcomed their first child, Miles, who can occasionally be seen on the blog.
Archives Select Month July 2018 June 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005
122 business forecasting 9th edition no short description business forecasting 9th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
123 supply chain strategies demand driven and customer focused no short description supply chain strategies demand driven and customer focused because this is pdf file * PDF *
124 music theory for computer musicians no short description music theory for computer musicians because this is pdf file * PDF *
129 in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age no short description in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age because this is pdf file * PDF *
130 the kings oil breaking the yoke exodus 30 holy anointing oil no short description the kings oil breaking the yoke exodus 30 holy anointing oil because this is pdf file * PDF *
131 fashion retail supply chain management a systems optimization approach communications in cybernetics systems science and engineering no short description fashion retail supply chain management a systems optimization approach communications in cybernetics systems science and engineering because this is pdf file * PDF *
132 a comprehensive mobile phone repair guide diy for all phone types androids iphones ipads ipods 1st gen 2nd gen smartphones non smartphones old models no short description a comprehensive mobile phone repair guide diy for all phone types androids iphones ipads ipods 1st gen 2nd gen smartphones non smartphones old models because this is pdf file * PDF *
133 the 7 spiritual practices of marriage your guide to creating a deep and lasting love no short description the 7 spiritual practices of marriage your guide to creating a deep and lasting love because this is pdf file * PDF *
134 effective human relations interpersonal and organizational applications available titles coursemate no short description effective human relations interpersonal and organizational applications available titles coursemate because this is pdf file * PDF *
139 national geographic kids everything dogs all the canine facts photos and fun you can get your paws on no short description national geographic kids everything dogs all the canine facts photos and fun you can get your paws on because this is pdf file * PDF *
140 a glimpse into reality no short description a glimpse into reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
144 recreating japanese men by fruhstuck sabine author 2011 paperback no short description recreating japanese men by fruhstuck sabine author 2011 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
146 snow falling on cedars a novel no short description snow falling on cedars a novel because this is pdf file * PDF *
147 the rule of law in south korea hoover institution press publication no short description the rule of law in south korea hoover institution press publication because this is pdf file * PDF *
150 principles of personal defense no short description principles of personal defense because this is pdf file * PDF *
153 what works when with children and adolescents a handbook of individual counseling techniques no short description what works when with children and adolescents a handbook of individual counseling techniques because this is pdf file * PDF *
154 dna for archaeologists no short description dna for archaeologists because this is pdf file * PDF *
158 colors of confinement rare kodachrome photographs of japanese american incarceration in world war ii documentary arts and culture published in for documentary no short description colors of confinement rare kodachrome photographs of japanese american incarceration in world war ii documentary arts and culture published in for documentary because this is pdf file * PDF *
163 quantitative analysis for management 12th edition no short description quantitative analysis for management 12th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
164 shit servicemen have it tough no short description shit servicemen have it tough because this is pdf file * PDF *
166 optimize your healthcare supply chain performance a strategic approach no short description optimize your healthcare supply chain performance a strategic approach because this is pdf file * PDF *
168 the supply chain imperative how to ensure ethical behavior in your global suppliers 1st first edition no short description the supply chain imperative how to ensure ethical behavior in your global suppliers 1st first edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
171 antennas for base stations in wireless communications no short description antennas for base stations in wireless communications because this is pdf file * PDF *
172 president of the whole fifth grade no short description president of the whole fifth grade because this is pdf file * PDF *
173 savage sky life and death on a bomber over germany in 1944 stackpole military history series no short description savage sky life and death on a bomber over germany in 1944 stackpole military history series because this is pdf file * PDF *
175 discover kingdom health interview with raw food expert paul nison radiant living interview series book 1 no short description discover kingdom health interview with raw food expert paul nison radiant living interview series book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
177 what works for women at work four patterns working women need to know no short description what works for women at work four patterns working women need to know because this is pdf file * PDF *
178 advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data no short description advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data because this is pdf file * PDF *
179 learning in adulthood a comprehensive guide by merriam sharan b published by jossey bass 3rd third edition 2006 hardcover no short description learning in adulthood a comprehensive guide by merriam sharan b published by jossey bass 3rd third edition 2006 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
181 applied mathematics and modeling for chemical engineers solutions manual by rice richard g author aug 19 2013 paperback no short description applied mathematics and modeling for chemical engineers solutions manual by rice richard g author aug 19 2013 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
182 break the norms questioning everything you think you know about god and truth life and death love and sex no short description break the norms questioning everything you think you know about god and truth life and death love and sex because this is pdf file * PDF *
184 why dont students like school a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for the classroom no short description why dont students like school a cognitive scientist answers questions about how the mind works and what it means for the classroom because this is pdf file * PDF *
185 1982 suzuki motorcycle gs550tl service supplement no short description 1982 suzuki motorcycle gs550tl service supplement because this is pdf file * PDF *
186 marketing and growth strategies for a mobile cell phone repair service professional fill in the blank marketing plans by specific type of business with editable cd r no short description marketing and growth strategies for a mobile cell phone repair service professional fill in the blank marketing plans by specific type of business with editable cd r because this is pdf file * PDF *
187 the original major odu ifa ile ife volume 1 the 1st series sacred odu ifa no short description the original major odu ifa ile ife volume 1 the 1st series sacred odu ifa because this is pdf file * PDF *
188 decision making in neurocritical care no short description decision making in neurocritical care because this is pdf file * PDF *
192 new dynamics in us china relations contending for the asia pacific politics in asia no short description new dynamics in us china relations contending for the asia pacific politics in asia because this is pdf file * PDF *
195 the literature review a step by step guide for students sage study skills series no short description the literature review a step by step guide for students sage study skills series because this is pdf file * PDF *
197 oil kings how the west iran and saudi arabia changed the balance of power in the middle east no short description oil kings how the west iran and saudi arabia changed the balance of power in the middle east because this is pdf file * PDF *
198 ifa divination communication between gods and men in west africa midland book no short description ifa divination communication between gods and men in west africa midland book because this is pdf file * PDF *
200 the spiritual journey toward a healed marriage no short description the spiritual journey toward a healed marriage because this is pdf file * PDF *
201 how reason almost lost its mind the strange career of cold war rationality no short description how reason almost lost its mind the strange career of cold war rationality because this is pdf file * PDF *
204 happy gut the cleansing program to help you lose weight gain energy and eliminate pain no short description happy gut the cleansing program to help you lose weight gain energy and eliminate pain because this is pdf file * PDF *
205 clinical anesthesia near misses and lessons learned no short description clinical anesthesia near misses and lessons learned because this is pdf file * PDF *
206 adapt fragment transform corporate restructuring and system reform in south korea no short description adapt fragment transform corporate restructuring and system reform in south korea because this is pdf file * PDF *
207 loving what is four questions that can change your life no short description loving what is four questions that can change your life because this is pdf file * PDF *
208 contemporary british politics and government no short description contemporary british politics and government because this is pdf file * PDF *
209 engineering mechanics statics 11th edition no short description engineering mechanics statics 11th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
211 excellence in business communication 9th edition no short description excellence in business communication 9th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
212 glimpses into reality no short description glimpses into reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
214 where to start and what to ask an assessment handbook no short description where to start and what to ask an assessment handbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
219 1500 general knowledge quiz questions and answers no short description 1500 general knowledge quiz questions and answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
221 learning in adulthood 3rd third edition bymerriam no short description learning in adulthood 3rd third edition bymerriam because this is pdf file * PDF *
226 in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age by arquilla john ronfeldt david published by rand 1997 no short description in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age by arquilla john ronfeldt david published by rand 1997 because this is pdf file * PDF *
229 first bite how we learn to eat no short description first bite how we learn to eat because this is pdf file * PDF *
230 whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid author jenny edkins published on august 2008 no short description whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid author jenny edkins published on august 2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
231 generation v the complete guide to going being and staying vegan as a teenager tofu hound press no short description generation v the complete guide to going being and staying vegan as a teenager tofu hound press because this is pdf file * PDF *
236 multicultural education in south korea language ideology and culture in korean language arts education routledge critical studies in asian education no short description multicultural education in south korea language ideology and culture in korean language arts education routledge critical studies in asian education because this is pdf file * PDF *
237 philosophy and science fiction no short description philosophy and science fiction because this is pdf file * PDF *
238 interaction of radiation with matter no short description interaction of radiation with matter because this is pdf file * PDF *
240 breaking ground my life in medicine sarah mills hodge fund publication no short description breaking ground my life in medicine sarah mills hodge fund publication because this is pdf file * PDF *
242 how to write a great research paper no short description how to write a great research paper because this is pdf file * PDF *
245 eqing electronic music essential tips for producers making electronic music book 2 no short description eqing electronic music essential tips for producers making electronic music book 2 because this is pdf file * PDF *
247 falafel nation cuisine and the making of national identity in israel studies of jews in society no short description falafel nation cuisine and the making of national identity in israel studies of jews in society because this is pdf file * PDF *
248 business law 8th edition no short description business law 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
249 surviving a spiritual mismatch in marriage no short description surviving a spiritual mismatch in marriage because this is pdf file * PDF *
250 thomas calculus 11th edition no short description thomas calculus 11th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
251 let our children go steps to free your child from evil influences and demonic harassment no short description let our children go steps to free your child from evil influences and demonic harassment because this is pdf file * PDF *
253 recreating japanese men by unknown university of california press 2011 paperback paperback no short description recreating japanese men by unknown university of california press 2011 paperback paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
255 inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets gerbils no short description inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets gerbils because this is pdf file * PDF *
256 ipads in the early years developing literacy and creativity routledge research in early childhood education no short description ipads in the early years developing literacy and creativity routledge research in early childhood education because this is pdf file * PDF *
257 management 11th eleventh edition by kreitner robert 2008 no short description management 11th eleventh edition by kreitner robert 2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
259 how to write a literature review no short description how to write a literature review because this is pdf file * PDF *
260 coping the psychology of what works no short description coping the psychology of what works because this is pdf file * PDF *
261 ultrasound technologies for food and bioprocessing food engineering series no short description ultrasound technologies for food and bioprocessing food engineering series because this is pdf file * PDF *
263 gender and the politics of the curriculum no short description gender and the politics of the curriculum because this is pdf file * PDF *
264 management 11th edition hardcover by kreitner robert published by south western college pub no short description management 11th edition hardcover by kreitner robert published by south western college pub because this is pdf file * PDF *
265 eat your science homework recipes for inquiring minds eat your homework no short description eat your science homework recipes for inquiring minds eat your homework because this is pdf file * PDF *
266 how drama activates learning contemporary research and practice no short description how drama activates learning contemporary research and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
269 boundaries in marriage no short description boundaries in marriage because this is pdf file * PDF *
270 tarot 101 mastering the art of reading the cards no short description tarot 101 mastering the art of reading the cards because this is pdf file * PDF *
272 the day we lost the h bomb cold war hot nukes and the worst nuclear weapons disaster in history no short description the day we lost the h bomb cold war hot nukes and the worst nuclear weapons disaster in history because this is pdf file * PDF *
273 russias foreign policy change and continuity in national identity no short description russias foreign policy change and continuity in national identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
274 the politics of economic reform in south korea a fragile miracle routledge advances in korean studies no short description the politics of economic reform in south korea a fragile miracle routledge advances in korean studies because this is pdf file * PDF *
277 doing health anthropology research methods for community assessment and change no short description doing health anthropology research methods for community assessment and change because this is pdf file * PDF *
278 the trance experience an introduction to electronic dance music no short description the trance experience an introduction to electronic dance music because this is pdf file * PDF *
279 engineering mechanics statics 2nd edition no short description engineering mechanics statics 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
281 pathologies of power health human rights and the new war on the poor with a new preface by the author california series in public anthropology 4 1st first ed no short description pathologies of power health human rights and the new war on the poor with a new preface by the author california series in public anthropology 4 1st first ed because this is pdf file * PDF *
282 advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data 1st first edition published by cambridge university press 2013 h no short description advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data 1st first edition published by cambridge university press 2013 h because this is pdf file * PDF *
283 going the extra mile insider tips for long distance motorcycling and endurance rallies no short description going the extra mile insider tips for long distance motorcycling and endurance rallies because this is pdf file * PDF *
288 nuclear medicine board review questions and answers for self assessment no short description nuclear medicine board review questions and answers for self assessment because this is pdf file * PDF *
292 start your own law practice a guide to all the things they dont teach in law school about starting your own firm open for business no short description start your own law practice a guide to all the things they dont teach in law school about starting your own firm open for business because this is pdf file * PDF *
293 health promotion in multicultural populations a handbook for practitioners and students no short description health promotion in multicultural populations a handbook for practitioners and students because this is pdf file * PDF *
294 the best of inquiring mind 25 years of dharma drama and uncommon insight no short description the best of inquiring mind 25 years of dharma drama and uncommon insight because this is pdf file * PDF *
295 educating young children from preschool through primary grades no short description educating young children from preschool through primary grades because this is pdf file * PDF *
298 who are we the challenges to americas national identity no short description who are we the challenges to americas national identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
300 haynes jeep wrangler 1987 2003 haynes manuals by stubblefield mike published by haynes manuals inc 1st first edition 2005 paperback no short description haynes jeep wrangler 1987 2003 haynes manuals by stubblefield mike published by haynes manuals inc 1st first edition 2005 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
301 neurology pocketcard set no short description neurology pocketcard set because this is pdf file * PDF *
302 reprint schroeder theodore albert 1864 1953 constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy by theodore schroe no short description reprint schroeder theodore albert 1864 1953 constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy by theodore schroe because this is pdf file * PDF *
306 inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets guinea pigs no short description inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets guinea pigs because this is pdf file * PDF *
309 management 11th eleventh edition by kreitner robert published by cengage learning 2008 no short description management 11th eleventh edition by kreitner robert published by cengage learning 2008 because this is pdf file * PDF *
310 democracy as self correction transatlantic academy no short description democracy as self correction transatlantic academy because this is pdf file * PDF *
312 how drama activates learning contemporary research and practice author michael anderson published on may 2015 no short description how drama activates learning contemporary research and practice author michael anderson published on may 2015 because this is pdf file * PDF *
313 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did goodtough sh tpaperback no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did goodtough sh tpaperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
314 hidden voices the orphan musicians of venice no short description hidden voices the orphan musicians of venice because this is pdf file * PDF *
315 1981 gmc truck jimmy suburban service shop manual oem no short description 1981 gmc truck jimmy suburban service shop manual oem because this is pdf file * PDF *
318 teaching for the lifespan successfully transitioning students with learning differences to adulthood no short description teaching for the lifespan successfully transitioning students with learning differences to adulthood because this is pdf file * PDF *
319 king of the wildcatters the life and times of tom slick 1883 1930 kenneth e montague series in oil and business history no short description king of the wildcatters the life and times of tom slick 1883 1930 kenneth e montague series in oil and business history because this is pdf file * PDF *
320 exorcism the removal of evil influences no short description exorcism the removal of evil influences because this is pdf file * PDF *
323 cultural diversity in health and illness 8th edition no short description cultural diversity in health and illness 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
326 stochastic processes in physics and chemistry third edition north holland personal library no short description stochastic processes in physics and chemistry third edition north holland personal library because this is pdf file * PDF *
330 hashimotos thyroiditis lifestyle interventions for finding and treating the root cause no short description hashimotos thyroiditis lifestyle interventions for finding and treating the root cause because this is pdf file * PDF *
331 the frustrated guitarists guide to alternate guitar tunings 4 secrets of drop b no short description the frustrated guitarists guide to alternate guitar tunings 4 secrets of drop b because this is pdf file * PDF *
332 gustav mahler letters to his wife no short description gustav mahler letters to his wife because this is pdf file * PDF *
334 in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age paperback october 27 1997 no short description in athenas camp preparing for conflict in the information age paperback october 27 1997 because this is pdf file * PDF *
335 start your own medical practice a guide to all the things they dont teach you in medical school about starting your own practice open for business no short description start your own medical practice a guide to all the things they dont teach you in medical school about starting your own practice open for business because this is pdf file * PDF *
336 songs for the spirits music and mediums in modern vietnam no short description songs for the spirits music and mediums in modern vietnam because this is pdf file * PDF *
337 whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid borderlines paperback paperback common no short description whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid borderlines paperback paperback common because this is pdf file * PDF *
338 the ultimate book of trivia general knowledge questions and answers 2000 trivia questions and answers no short description the ultimate book of trivia general knowledge questions and answers 2000 trivia questions and answers because this is pdf file * PDF *
339 six minute solutions for civil pe exam water resources and environmental depth problems no short description six minute solutions for civil pe exam water resources and environmental depth problems because this is pdf file * PDF *
340 sears and zemanskys university physics 10th edition no short description sears and zemanskys university physics 10th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
341 immigrants autumn poems of exile no short description immigrants autumn poems of exile because this is pdf file * PDF *
342 common core language arts 4 today grade 3 daily skill practice common core 4 today no short description common core language arts 4 today grade 3 daily skill practice common core 4 today because this is pdf file * PDF *
343 hypothyroidism solution the ultimate hypothyroidism diet treatment guide for becoming hypothyroid free hypothyroidism treatment hypothyroid diet thyroid healt no short description hypothyroidism solution the ultimate hypothyroidism diet treatment guide for becoming hypothyroid free hypothyroidism treatment hypothyroid diet thyroid healt because this is pdf file * PDF *
344 my life as a fifth grade comedian no short description my life as a fifth grade comedian because this is pdf file * PDF *
345 hidden voicesreflections of a gay catholic priest reflections of a gay catholic priest no short description hidden voicesreflections of a gay catholic priest reflections of a gay catholic priest because this is pdf file * PDF *
349 primary care for the physical therapist examination and triage 2e no short description primary care for the physical therapist examination and triage 2e because this is pdf file * PDF *
350 patient focused network integration in biopharma strategic imperatives for the years ahead no short description patient focused network integration in biopharma strategic imperatives for the years ahead because this is pdf file * PDF *
353 everything you need to score high on postal exams 4th ed no short description everything you need to score high on postal exams 4th ed because this is pdf file * PDF *
355 twenty five books that shaped america how white whales green lights and restless spirits forged our national identity no short description twenty five books that shaped america how white whales green lights and restless spirits forged our national identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
357 tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good no short description tough sht life advice from a fat lazy slob who did good because this is pdf file * PDF *
359 2001 gmc sierra owners manual no short description 2001 gmc sierra owners manual because this is pdf file * PDF *
360 the 3 step thyroid plan 21 days to beating hypothyroidism through simple diet and lifestyle changes now includes 40 delicious metabolism boosting recipes no short description the 3 step thyroid plan 21 days to beating hypothyroidism through simple diet and lifestyle changes now includes 40 delicious metabolism boosting recipes because this is pdf file * PDF *
362 the blood brain barrier and its microenvironment basic physiology to neurological disease no short description the blood brain barrier and its microenvironment basic physiology to neurological disease because this is pdf file * PDF *
363 satan you cant have my marriage the spiritual warfare guide for dating engaged and married couples no short description satan you cant have my marriage the spiritual warfare guide for dating engaged and married couples because this is pdf file * PDF *
365 baby its cold outside when i fall in love no short description baby its cold outside when i fall in love because this is pdf file * PDF *
367 the market driven supply chain a revolutionary model for sales and operations planning in the new on demand economy no short description the market driven supply chain a revolutionary model for sales and operations planning in the new on demand economy because this is pdf file * PDF *
368 child development 5th edition no short description child development 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
369 selling women prostitution markets and the household in early modern japan asia local studies global themes no short description selling women prostitution markets and the household in early modern japan asia local studies global themes because this is pdf file * PDF *
372 aesthetics and politics radical thinkers no short description aesthetics and politics radical thinkers because this is pdf file * PDF *
373 sex drugs and trance music no short description sex drugs and trance music because this is pdf file * PDF *
374 ending hunger an idea whose time has come no short description ending hunger an idea whose time has come because this is pdf file * PDF *
376 mabiki infanticide and population growth in eastern japan 1660 1950 no short description mabiki infanticide and population growth in eastern japan 1660 1950 because this is pdf file * PDF *
377 raw to radiant the secrets to a long life of radiant health through raw foods no short description raw to radiant the secrets to a long life of radiant health through raw foods because this is pdf file * PDF *
386 native americans cultural diversity health issues and challenges focus on civilizations and cultures no short description native americans cultural diversity health issues and challenges focus on civilizations and cultures because this is pdf file * PDF *
387 pacific performances theatricality and cross cultural encounter in the south seas studies in international performance no short description pacific performances theatricality and cross cultural encounter in the south seas studies in international performance because this is pdf file * PDF *
394 race religion and late democracy the annals of the american academy of political and social science series no short description race religion and late democracy the annals of the american academy of political and social science series because this is pdf file * PDF *
395 the king of oil the secret lives of marc rich hardcover 2009 author daniel ammann no short description the king of oil the secret lives of marc rich hardcover 2009 author daniel ammann because this is pdf file * PDF *
396 improve your writing now a students guide to writing an effective paper no short description improve your writing now a students guide to writing an effective paper because this is pdf file * PDF *
397 john deere shop manual series a b g h models d m no short description john deere shop manual series a b g h models d m because this is pdf file * PDF *
398 electronic dance music history of trance house progressive house no short description electronic dance music history of trance house progressive house because this is pdf file * PDF *
399 chicken soup for the breast cancer survivors soul stories to inspire support and heal chicken soup for the soul no short description chicken soup for the breast cancer survivors soul stories to inspire support and heal chicken soup for the soul because this is pdf file * PDF *
400 german defeat in the east the 1944 45 stackpole military history series no short description german defeat in the east the 1944 45 stackpole military history series because this is pdf file * PDF *
401 learning and attention disorders in adolescence and adulthood assessment and treatment no short description learning and attention disorders in adolescence and adulthood assessment and treatment because this is pdf file * PDF *
402 aesthetics and politics in the mexican film industry studies of the americas no short description aesthetics and politics in the mexican film industry studies of the americas because this is pdf file * PDF *
403 clinical pediatric anesthesia a case based handbook no short description clinical pediatric anesthesia a case based handbook because this is pdf file * PDF *
404 assessing the effects of the gulf of mexico oil spill on human health a summary of the june 2010 workshop no short description assessing the effects of the gulf of mexico oil spill on human health a summary of the june 2010 workshop because this is pdf file * PDF *
406 tarot for beginners a practical guide to reading the cards no short description tarot for beginners a practical guide to reading the cards because this is pdf file * PDF *
407 medical terminology express a short course approach by body system no short description medical terminology express a short course approach by body system because this is pdf file * PDF *
409 strategic reassurance and resolve us china relations in the twenty first century no short description strategic reassurance and resolve us china relations in the twenty first century because this is pdf file * PDF *
410 still digging extractive industries resource curses and transnational governance in the anthropocene transatlantic academy no short description still digging extractive industries resource curses and transnational governance in the anthropocene transatlantic academy because this is pdf file * PDF *
412 mitochondrial dna mutations in aging disease and cancer no short description mitochondrial dna mutations in aging disease and cancer because this is pdf file * PDF *
414 by mike stubblefield jeep wrangler automotive repair manual 1987 through 2003 all models 1st first edition paperback no short description by mike stubblefield jeep wrangler automotive repair manual 1987 through 2003 all models 1st first edition paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
417 the thyroid cure the functional mind body approach to reversing your autoimmune condition and reclaiming your health no short description the thyroid cure the functional mind body approach to reversing your autoimmune condition and reclaiming your health because this is pdf file * PDF *
418 particle interactions at very high energies part a nato science series b no short description particle interactions at very high energies part a nato science series b because this is pdf file * PDF *
420 learn cell phone repair what are the tools and techniques needed to repair damaged cell phones no short description learn cell phone repair what are the tools and techniques needed to repair damaged cell phones because this is pdf file * PDF *
422 sustainable fashion supply chain management from sourcing to retailing springer series in supply chain management no short description sustainable fashion supply chain management from sourcing to retailing springer series in supply chain management because this is pdf file * PDF *
424 the life and career of david beckham football legend cultural icon no short description the life and career of david beckham football legend cultural icon because this is pdf file * PDF *
425 the producers mindset how to think like a producer and achieve success making electronic music book 1 no short description the producers mindset how to think like a producer and achieve success making electronic music book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
426 descriptive translation studies and beyond no short description descriptive translation studies and beyond because this is pdf file * PDF *
428 student solutions manual for finite mathematics and mathematics with applications no short description student solutions manual for finite mathematics and mathematics with applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
431 how much is enough shaping the defense program 1961 1969 no short description how much is enough shaping the defense program 1961 1969 because this is pdf file * PDF *
433 art in the anthropocene encounters among aesthetics politics environments and epistemologies critical climate change no short description art in the anthropocene encounters among aesthetics politics environments and epistemologies critical climate change because this is pdf file * PDF *
434 clay in the primary school no short description clay in the primary school because this is pdf file * PDF *
435 developments in british politics 9 no short description developments in british politics 9 because this is pdf file * PDF *
436 whats new in cardiac imaging spect pet and mri developments in cardiovascular medicine no short description whats new in cardiac imaging spect pet and mri developments in cardiovascular medicine because this is pdf file * PDF *
437 by barbara perkins kaleidoscope stories of the american experience 1st first edition no short description by barbara perkins kaleidoscope stories of the american experience 1st first edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
438 the transformation of south korea reform and reconstitution in the sixth republic under roh tae woo 1987 1992 no short description the transformation of south korea reform and reconstitution in the sixth republic under roh tae woo 1987 1992 because this is pdf file * PDF *
440 prego an invitation to italian student edition no short description prego an invitation to italian student edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
441 endovascular interventions a case based approach no short description endovascular interventions a case based approach because this is pdf file * PDF *
443 diet recovery restoring hormonal health metabolism mood and your relationship with food diet recovery series book 1 no short description diet recovery restoring hormonal health metabolism mood and your relationship with food diet recovery series book 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
444 no room of her own womens stories of homelessness life death and resistance palgrave studies in oral history no short description no room of her own womens stories of homelessness life death and resistance palgrave studies in oral history because this is pdf file * PDF *
446 dafa the if193 concept of divination and the process of interpreting odu the metaphysical foundations of ifa volume 6 no short description dafa the if193 concept of divination and the process of interpreting odu the metaphysical foundations of ifa volume 6 because this is pdf file * PDF *
449 12000 bumper general knowledge quiz questions by field marshal knowledge the father of general knowledge no short description 12000 bumper general knowledge quiz questions by field marshal knowledge the father of general knowledge because this is pdf file * PDF *
450 drama and social justice theory research and practice in international contexts routledge research in education no short description drama and social justice theory research and practice in international contexts routledge research in education because this is pdf file * PDF *
451 cancer cancer cancer curing cancer using cannabis the wondrous healing properties of essential oils and tinctures the rick simpson story and oil hemp oil no short description cancer cancer cancer curing cancer using cannabis the wondrous healing properties of essential oils and tinctures the rick simpson story and oil hemp oil because this is pdf file * PDF *
455 emergent curriculum in the primary classroom interpreting the reggio emilia approach in schools early childhood education series no short description emergent curriculum in the primary classroom interpreting the reggio emilia approach in schools early childhood education series because this is pdf file * PDF *
457 the practice of power us relations with china since 1949 no short description the practice of power us relations with china since 1949 because this is pdf file * PDF *
458 five centuries of keyboard music dover books on music no short description five centuries of keyboard music dover books on music because this is pdf file * PDF *
459 coursemate for nicholsonsnyders intermediate microeconomics and its application 12th edition no short description coursemate for nicholsonsnyders intermediate microeconomics and its application 12th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
461 10 steps in writing the research paper no short description 10 steps in writing the research paper because this is pdf file * PDF *
462 hypothyroidism diet natural remedies foods to boost your energy jump start your weight loss thyroid diet hypothyroidism solution underactive thyroid diet hyp no short description hypothyroidism diet natural remedies foods to boost your energy jump start your weight loss thyroid diet hypothyroidism solution underactive thyroid diet hyp because this is pdf file * PDF *
465 applied theatre development no short description applied theatre development because this is pdf file * PDF *
466 spiritual roots of human relations no short description spiritual roots of human relations because this is pdf file * PDF *
468 the new vegetarian cooking for everyone no short description the new vegetarian cooking for everyone because this is pdf file * PDF *
469 the longest winter the battle of the bulge and the epic story of world war iis most decorated platoon no short description the longest winter the battle of the bulge and the epic story of world war iis most decorated platoon because this is pdf file * PDF *
472 from virile woman to womanchrist studies in medieval religion and literature the middle ages series no short description from virile woman to womanchrist studies in medieval religion and literature the middle ages series because this is pdf file * PDF *
473 photographers guide to the nikon coolpix p610 getting the most from nikon superzoom digital camera no short description photographers guide to the nikon coolpix p610 getting the most from nikon superzoom digital camera because this is pdf file * PDF *
474 useless knowledge answers to questions youd never think to ask no short description useless knowledge answers to questions youd never think to ask because this is pdf file * PDF *
Experience the pinnacle of NLP Training with Quest for Success. Book your NLP Practitioner Course for a prompt pre-course study pack. Our Coaching Mentoring techniques are second to none, transform your life with amazing results.
Tags: coaching and mentoring hypnotherapy training life coach NLP nlp coach nlp practitioner nlp training
Take your NLP Level 1 training as our guest. Then decide to take our full NLP Practitioner course for only 53 pounds per month. Includes the chance to earn points towards a postgraduate qualification.
Agrement between User and cosytours.com This is a legal agreement between user and cosytours.com that governs your use of this site. If you do not agree with any part of the terms, conditions and notices mentioned below, you must not use the services of cosytours.com. This is an advice to go through the following terms & conditions: . User obligations & user account You(Customer and Agent or User) are legally eligible to enter into a binding contract and using the website and/or receiving the services under the law of India or other applicable law.While registering for My Account, the user will choose a password and is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account. The user is fully responsible for all activities that occur while using their password or account. It is the duty of the user to notify indiahotelskerala immediately of any unauthorized use of their password or account or any other breach of security. cosytours.com will not be liable for any loss that may be incurred by the user as a result of unauthorized use of their password or account, either with or without their knowledge. Use of indiahotelskerala services indiahotelskerala website may contain services in addition to and including blog, forms, e-mail, chat, communities, groups, reviews and ratings posted by the members’ information related to various tourist destinations, news groups, personal WebPages, calendars and or other messages . You understand and agree the relevant use of particular services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular communication service. By way of example and not as a limitation, as well you will not: harass, Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory,infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information. Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents. Upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer. Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless specifically allowed. Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters. Download any file posted by another user that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner. Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a fil that is uploaded. Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for or to any particular service. The user should take particular care while disclosing any identifying information in any service, which may be identifiable. Violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India. Violate any of the terms and conditions of the user agreement or any other terms and conditions for the use of cosytours.com websites contained elsewhere herein.Frame, Link, mirror, scrape, spider or data mine the Website or authorize, instruct, hire, employ, or otherwise cause anyone to Frame, Link, mirror, scrape, spider or data mine the Website. Privacy and Security The user hereby consents, expresses and agrees that he has read and fully understands the Privacy Policy of cosytours.com contained in cosytours.com websites and he hereby consents that the terms and contents of such Privacy Policy are acceptable to him. Services and Content Availability We will use our reasonable commercial efforts to keep our Site available on a 24-hour/7-day-a- week basis, subject to necessary scheduled downtime for maintenance, unscheduled maintenance, and system outages. We cannot promise that access to the Site will be uninterrupted or available at all times. We assume no liability or responsibility for any delay, interruption or downtime. Content Although cosytours.com makes every effort to ensure that the description and content on each page of the site is correct, it does not, however, take responsibility for changes that occur due to human, data entry errors or for any loss or damages suffered by any user due to any information contained herein. Also, cosytours.com does not own or operate airlines and other suppliers and cannot therefore control or prevent changes in the published descriptions. cosytours.com, therefore, reserves the right to make such changes and in the event of you placing an order with us or choosing to avail of our services, the same will be communicated to you before the confirmation invoice is made. You should not take any action based on information on this Site until you have received a confirmation of your transaction. We send confirmations within 24 hours of your Purchase. If you have not received a confirmation of your purchase via e-mail, first look into your "spam" or "junk" folder to verify that it has not been misdirected, and if still not found, please contact our customer service department. The Contact Information is provided on our customer service page. Viruses We make reasonable attempts to exclude viruses from the Site, but cannot ensure that the Site will be at all times free from viruses or other destructive software. You are urged to take appropriate safeguards before downloading information from the Site. We assume no responsibility for any damages to computer equipment or other property that may result from use of the Site or downloading anything from the Site. International Travel Although most travel, including travel to international destinations is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risks than others. We urge you to review and evaluate travel prohibitions, warning, announcements, and advisories issued by the government and the aviation administration before booking travel to international destinations. By offering for sale travel to particular international destinations, cosytours.com does not represent or warrant that travel to such point is advisable or without risk. cosytours.com does not accept liability for damages, losses, or delays that may result from improper documents for entry, exit, length of stay, or from travel to such destinations. Booking Policy 1. Customer needs to carry the printout of E-tickets to Airport along with valid ID Proof. 2. There is a possibility of increase of fare because of time gap between quotation of fare and actual booking of tickets, 3. If you are a frequent traveler you can deposit a small amount starting form Rs. 2000 onward and get the tickets issued immediately after your phone call so that there is no chance of fare increase. After issue ling the tickets you can deposit the payment. 4: Bookings can be confirmed only if cosytours.com gets the confirmation of cash payment If cosytours.com fails to receive the above payment, the ticket booking shall automatically be cancelled. 5: Additional money for booking modification will be collected from the passenger. For any modifications Cancellation Policy Due to any avoidable/unavoidable reason/s in case of cancellation of tour and travel Services we must informed in writing. Cancellation charges would be effective from the date we receive letter in writing and cancellation charges would be as follows : 1. 60 days & prior to arrival - 15% of the tour/service cost. 2. 59 days to 30 days prior to arrival - 25% of the tour/service cost. 3. 29 days to 15 days prior to arrival - 35% of the tour/service cost. 4. 14 days to 08 days prior to arrival - 60% of the tour/service cost. 5. 07 days & less, prior to arrival or no show - NO REFUND. Please note - Irrespective of above mentioned cancellations slabs - incase of cancellation of tour services after the booking is made with us- a minimum 15% service charges would be applicable. In case of special train journey and high peak season bookings a separate cancellation policy is applicable (which would be advised as and when required). In case you cancel the trip after commencement refund would be restricted to a limited amount that too would depend on the amount that we would be able to recover from the hoteliers we patronize. For unused hotel accommodation, chartered transportation and missed meals etc. we do not bear any responsibility to refund. Refund : Refund would be processed in 20 working days & the amount would be credited to the transacted credit/debit Card only. Disclaimer of Warranty cosytours.com and its Providers make no warranty of any kind regarding the Site, Content, Products or Services, all of which are provided on an "as is" basis. cosytours.com and its Providers expressly disclaim any representation or warranty that the Site will be free from errors, viruses or other harmful components, that communications to or from the Site will be secure and not intercepted, that the Services and other capabilities offered from the Site will be uninterrupted, or that its Content will be accurate, complete or timely. The fact that cosytours.com is including or offering any Product or Service on the Site is not an endorsement or a recommendation of the Product or Service Limitation of Liability Subject to applicable law, use of this Site and its Content is at your sole risk. Services and Products made available on this Site are subject to conditions imposed by the Providers, including but not limited to tariffs, conditions of carriage, international conventions and arrangements, and federal government regulations. Providers who furnish products or services through this Site are independent contractors, and not agents or employees of cosytours.com Complaint If you have a problem of e-ticketing, holiday, during tours, etc. please inform the handling agents our representative immediately who will endeavor to put things right. If You resolved locally, please follow this up after your return to home by writing to us, giving your tour details as all other relevant information. However, please be advised that while we happy to assist you in your redressed of your complaint. If nay, we will be able to extend only our best efforts in providers are independent contractors who at no time are under our control or supervision. Discounts against cash payments cosytours.com.com offers the “Cash Payment Facility” on flight ticket bookings on Air Zet king , go airways, Indian Airlines, all international air tickets and hotel booking to those customer who do have Credit/Debit card or also booking online by cash. How to payments Cash On receipt of cash, customer would be handed over the itinerary with flight details and PNR. Booked / Final Confirmed ticket can also be delivered on customer e-mail id. Working hours for the above mentioned facility will be from 24x7 on workingdays (Monday to Saturday) User Agreement cosytours.com is not responsible for any errors, omissions or descriptions on any of its pages or on any links or on any of the linked website pages. The users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information before undertaking any reliance on such information. The linked sites are not under the control of cosytours.com and cosytours.com is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. cosytours.com is providing these links to the users only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site by cosytours.com. In case of any dispute between user and cosytours.com pertaining to the validity, interpretation, implementation or alleged breach of any provision of the Terms and Conditions, the dispute shall be referred to a sole arbitrator who shall be an independent and neutral third party identified by cosytours.com. The place of arbitration shall be Mumbai and the arbitration proceedings shall be in the English language. The Terms and Conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India If the user does not agree with any of the disclaimers above, they are advised not to read the material on any of the cosytours.com pages or otherwise use any of the contents, pages, information or any other material contained on the cosytours.com websites. The user expressly agrees that use of the services is at their sole risk. The services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. cosytours.com holds the sole discretion to change the features or functionality of the services at any time. The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the cosytours.com websites may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are/may be periodically made/added to the information herein. cosytours.com may make improvements and/or changes in the cosytours.com websites at any time without any notice to the user. Any advice received except through an authorised representative of cosytours.com via the cosytours.com websites should not be relied upon for any assessments. The maximum liability on part of cosytours.com arising under any circumstances, with respect to any services offered on the site, shall be limited to the refund of total amount received from the customer for availing the services less any cancellation, refund or other charges, as may be applicable. In no case shall the liability include any consequential loss, damage or additional expense whatsoever. In no event shall cosytours.com and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the cosytours.com website(s). Neither shall cosytours.com be responsible for the delay or inability to use the cosytours.com websites or services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the cosytours.com website(s), or otherwise arising out of the use of the cosytours.com website(s), whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. The user understands and agrees that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is done entirely at their own discretion and risk and they will be solely responsible for any damage that results from the download of such material and/or data. Provisions of these Terms and Conditions Prior Terms and Conditions These Terms supersede any prior cosytours.com Terms and Conditions relating to the use of the Site that were displayed on this Site before the date stated above. Unless specifically provided, they do not supersede the Additional Terms for carriage, awards, attractions provided elsewhere in this Site. Modifications of Terms of Use cosytours.com has the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which the cosytours.com websites are offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the cosytours.com website. We request you to regularly review these terms and conditions. cosytours.com has endeavored to ensure that all the information on the cosytours.com website is correct, but cosytours.com neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the accuracy or completeness of any data or information contained. cosytours.com disclaims any liability, responsibility or any other claim, whatsoever, with respect of any loss, whether direct or consequential, to any user or any other person, arising out of or from the use of the information contained in cosytours.com websites. Written documents You may preserve these Terms in written form by printing them for your records, and you waive any other requirement that these Terms be evidenced by a written document. Electronic Notification To the extent that we may need to contact you, you agree that we may do so via any electronic means, included but not limited to communication posted on the Site, electronic mail, or instant messaging. cosytours.com is responsible only for the transactions that are done by the user through cosytours.com. cosytours.com will not be responsible controlling transactions in any way, including whether the transaction is legal and valid as per the laws of the land of the user. The user warrants that they will abide by all such additional procedures and guidelines, as modified from time to time, in connection with the use of the services. The user further warrants that they will comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding use of the services. In the event that any of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein conflict with the additional terms or other terms and guidelines contained within any particular cosytours.com website, then these terms shall prevail. Contact Information If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms or if you need further assistance with respect to access to or use of the Site or the services offered by cosytours.com, you may contact our Customer Service department, the information of which is provider in the customer service section of the Site.
Price Depends upon category of the hotels. The package cost includes accommodation for two persons in one bedroom for 5 night with non a/c transfer from Cochin airport/Railway station & upto Airport/ Railway station, with breakfast, sightseeing, and all applicable taxes.
On arrival at Cochin International Airport / Railway station meet and transfer to Munnar check-in your resort / hotel and go for sight seeing to Mattupetty, Eco Point, Top Station etc…,You can view the Indo Swiss Dairy Farm, is a little ahead Mattupetty lake, where you can see more than 100 varieties of cattle. And also visit a beautiful rose garden near by. You can also indulge in activities like boating and horse riding here. The forest in and around Mattupetty makes it an ideal location for trekking and some bird watching. Then proceed to Echo Point, which offers you a panoramic view and the thrill of hearing your voice echo. Echo point is on the way to Top Station from Munnar. The sprawling Kundala tea plantations and the Kundala lake are other attractions of Munnar. Here at Top Station you can view hundreds of tiny bluish pretty blossoms by name Neelakurunji (strobilanthus) which is rare and has the peculiarity of blooming once among every 12 years and this species belongs to this region. Top Station (a viewing point) also offers a panoramic view of neighbouring state of Tamilnadu . Enjoy the day by being here and Overnight stay at Hotel / resort.
Morning after breakfast move for sight seeing to Pothanmedu , Pallivasal, Chithrapuram and to the marvelous waterfalls of Cheeyappara and valara. Pothanmedu considered to be a scenic spot offering majestic views of the tea, coffee and cardamom plantations and the undulating hills, the lush mountain and the incredible scenery here is ideal for your trekking and extensive mountain walks. A Famous little sleepy village by name Chithirapuram also a hill station beckons you to immerse yourself in its exotic charm and sylvan surroundings and this hill station is a scenic treasure chest, full of verdant hills, tumbling mountain streams and vast tea plantations. Embark on a journey to explore the unexplored and also enjoy hiking along the tea plantations and savor its lush green scenic beauty and take in a world of experiences in outdoor activities such as hiking and trekking. Also a visit to Pallivasal , the venue of the first hydro electric project in kerala and a place of immense scenic beauty . You can spend your rest of the day at the Cheeyappara and valara waterfalls and the later forms a chain of waterfalls surrounded by thick green forests. Enjoy yourself by being here and Overnight stay at hotel / resort.
Morning after breakfast transfer to Thekkady ….. check-in your resort/hotel and go for sight seeing to Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary , Kumily, Peerumedu Waterfalls ……….. Periyar Wildlife is the only sanctuary in India where you can have the unique experience of viewing wildlife at close quarters from the safety of a boat on the lake. The greatest attraction of Periyar remains the large herds of wild elephants that come down to the lake's edge, It is home to herds of elephants, sambar, tigers, gaur, lion tailed Macaques and Nilgiri Langurs popularly known by the name southernmost Tiger reserve and also included over 265 species of birds. Kumily a small plantation town, an important shopping centre and spice trade centre Peerumadu with waterfalls and open grass land. Rest of the day enjoy at the beauty of cascading silvery waterfalls glitters in the light of the Sun and Overnight stay at Hotel / Resort.
After breakfast transfer to Kovalam Check in your hotel / resort. Leave for sight seeing to different beaches of Kovalam like Lighthouse beach, Hawah beach, Samudra………., Pozhikkara Beach, as Kovalam has become one of the most popular beach hangouts in India. Enjoy at Thiruvallom – a backwater destination also ……..Kovalam means a grove of coconut trees and truly the coconut trees along the beaches gives it a ravishing look and one can have sun bath too…… The crescent-shaped beaches can be divided in three parts. The southern most beach, and the most popular, is the Lighthouse Beach. for its 35 metre high light house which towers over it atop Kurumkal hillock. Lighthouse Beach and the concrete path that runs along it is one string of hotels, Kashmiri souvenir sellers, travel agencies, tailors and overprices fish restaurants. Persistent hawkers zigzag through the international crowd fobbing off their edibles and durables. At Lighthouse beach you can watch them build kettumarans. Kettu means log and maran means tied ……. That’s exactly what they are: logs tied together. Kettumarans are simple boats and consist of five logs tied together. Then proceed to the middle beach is called Hawah Beach named thus for the topless European women who used to throng there. It was the first topless beach in India. Each morning this beach acts as a base for the local fisherman Visitors frequent these two beaches The northern most beach, Samudra is dotted with few rudimentary wooden fishing vessels. Also have a visit to Pozhikkara Beach nearby .This is called Bird watchers’ paradise as you can view various beautiful sea birds that are visiting every year and the calm and serene Atmosphere draws the attention of the visitors. Rest of the day at beach and Overnight stay at hotel / Resort.
Early morning visit the famous Sri Padmanabhaswamy Temple for Darshan, Padmanabhapuram Palace, Kaudiar Palace, Napier Museum, Kuthiramalika Palace Museum, Science & Technology Museum, Art Gallery by name Sri Chitra Art Gallery, Zoological Park and a Botanical garden. Sri Padmanabhaswamy Temple is dedicated to Lord Vishnu and the temple is a blend of the Kerala and Dravidian styles of architecture. It is known for its mural paintings and stone carvings. One among the 108 sacred Vishnu temples in India, the presiding deity over here is Lord Vishnu reclining on Anantha the Serpent. Only Hindus are allowed for Worship. On a visit to Padmanabhapuram Palace one can experience the beauty of traditional wooden architecture of Kerala and dates back to the 16th century. The architectural splendor of this structure, interiors of this palace decorated with splendid rosewood carvings and the grand architecture adds to the delight of an admirer of art and sculptures. There are exquisite wall paintings in the interiors of the Padmanabhapuram Palace . The major attractions of the palace are the black granite floors and the floral carvings on the walls. This four hundred year old structure was the traditional home of the royal family of Travancore. Kaudiar Palace is one such historic structure can be reached through the well-developed network of transportation facilities. The architectural mastery with which Kaudiar Palace had been constructed years back bears the royal imprints of the rulers of bygone era. This Palace is a majestic view of one of the imperial manifestations of the past ages. A visit to Napier Museum exhibits numerous collections of cultural importance, Kathakali models, traditional musical instruments, and many more vivid collections. Stone sculptures of the 8th and 18th century are also exhibited.The architecture of the museum building is amazing. Then proceed to Kuthiramalika Museum one of the legendary museum is a wonderful display of typical Travancore style architecture. The intricate woodcarvings add to its grandeur and the interiors of the Puthenmalika (Kuthiramalika) Palace Museum are adorned with royal paintings of ancient time. The roof beams of Kuthiramalika Palace Museum are designed in the shape of horse face. The name Kuthiramalika has its origin from the unique architectural design which truly reflects the meaning of Kuthiramalika which means horse Bungalow. Make a move to Science and Technology Museum where the museum is well maintained and is the right place for children to spend some time to gather information that may be useful in the future. It was established with the prime objective of setting up of galleries with working, animated or participatory type of exhibits, on all disciplines of Science and technologies. Also visit Sri Chitra art Gallery is situated adjacent to the Napier museum and has an explicit collection of Raja Ravi Varma paintings and excellent works of the Mughal, Rajput and Tanjore art schools are displayed. The displays also include china, Tibet, Bali and Japanese paintings.The architecture has a combination of Kerala tradition. Bronze images, ivory carvings, temple chariots and historical ornaments present an excellent collection. Then proceed to the Zoological Park & Botanical Garden which is the first zoological park in India. It is situated in the centre of a perfect botanical garden. The animals are kept in natural habitat surroundings. Rare animals include the Nilgiri Tahr, the Asian Lion, the Bengal tiger, etc. The zoo has a good snake park housing varieties of snakes. The snakes are also given the feeling of a natural habitat. The botanical garden has huge trees such as jacaranda and frangipani. Also enjoy Sunset by evening at beach rest of the day go around and Overnight Stay at hotel / Resort.
It is the time for Departure………………! Drive to Cochin Airport / Railway station we will assist you with all check out formalities.
Males have once again dominated the country music scene this year, with Luke Bryan leading the way, contributing to four of the top 15 songs on the year end countdown. He lands at #1 with “Play It Again” and also lends a hand to Florida Georgia Line at #2 with “This Is How We Roll”. Rounding out the top five are Jason Aldean’s “Burnin’ It Down”, Dierks Bentley’s “Drunk On A Plane” and Florida Georgia Line’s “Dirt”.
Miranda Lambert represented the females well with two songs on the countdown. Her duet with Carrie Underwood, “Somethin’ Bad”, came in at #7 and “Automatic” landing at #16. Newcomers Sam Hunt and Cole Swindell made their debuts this year, both having their debut singles make the year end chart.
As always, the CML Chart combines radioplay, album sales, popularity, video countdowns and internet downloads and streaming.
The strongest anthem for the #MeToo movement was written and released by a couple of Swedish sisters in their mid-20s, months before Harvey Weinstein revelations in the New York Times last year.
“I am so sick and tired of this world,” First Aid Kit sing, with a venom that is more spat than sung. “All these women with their dreams shattered / From some man’s sweaty, desperate touch.”
Played defiantly to electric guitar that’s closer to punk, the song “You Are the Problem Here” is so different from the rest of the music First Aid Kit usually play that after issuing it as a single nearly a year ago, the two left it off their most recent album, “Ruins,” that came out last month.
Still, it was presented as a mid show highlight to their sold out show at the Lincoln Theatre in Washington, D.C., Saturday.
The duo of Klara Söderberg, 25 and Johanna Söderberg, 27, started more than a decade ago as teens, when they found that their harmonies matched their love of the kind of Americana and 70s singer/songwriter era they often listened to and is reflected in exquisite tracks like “Emmylou,” which drops the names of influences like Emmylou Harris, Gram Parsons, June Carter and Johnny Cash in a sprightly love song.
(If the Söderberg sisters knew they were in the city where Parsons first discovered Harris playing in a bar in Georgetown, they might have been excited about that).
The nod to Americana is aided by the backing of pedal steel guitar of longtime member Melvin Duffy. The addition of drums, played for the past three years by Scott Simpson, has added a more booming rock sound to First Aid Kit; it’s rounded out by Steve Moore on keyboards and trombone, which he plays more often than one might expect.
Despite the sentiment in “You Are the Problem Here,” it seems the encroachment of these older men has trapped their sound in a way; gone are the days, with just a couple of exceptions in the show, where the two voices and Klara’s accomplished finger-picking can shine on their own.
Part of the appeal about the two is that they are young and enthusiastic; they also look in their long hair and miniskirts like a couple of school girls from the 1970s. It’s left to chief songwriter Klara to sing lead and play guitar on most songs; Johanna adds harmony and bass; playing with such energy that she often stomps around the stage, knees high, ending up on her knees at one point.
They directly saluted bygone rock era by reviving another classic sister act, Heart, with a vibrant “Crazy on You” (with a guitar solo handled not by one of the women, though, but by Duffy.
Sisterhood is powerful, but for a duo who has brought tears to writers it has interpreted, from Paul Simon (“America”) to Patti Smith (“Walking Barefoot”) to Fleet Foxes (“Tiger Mountain Peasant Song”), the selection of Heart as their sole cover was sort of a rung below.
The great thing about First Aid Kit is that they don’t have to rely on covers to advance their career, from “The Lion’s Roar” and “Wolf” to “My Silver Lining.” Their new songs, too, further their yearning for travel and truth in “Fireworks,” “It’s a Shame” and the new album’s title track.
They brought another man into the mix, opener Van William, to do a song they sang on for his new EP, “Revolution.” But rather than him invading their encore, perhaps they should have come out to back him during his quite excitable opening set with his trio.
This entry was posted in Music, Review. Bookmark the permalink. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 March 2010
The Eagle Point Youth Center opened in 1993. We see around 150 kid visits a week. Kids enjoy activities such as pool, air hockey, video games and other fun group events. It’s also a safe place for kids to hang-out and talk with friends.
I definitely liked that it has na? vi character from james cameron? s new film avatar. Additional features include things like comes with an unique weapon or accessory and 4. 25" action figure. The Avatar toy is 8.5"H x 7"L x 2.33"W and it weighs roughly 0.17 lbs. To get the same discount I ran across, visit our partners via the link below.
Na'vi Tsu Tey action figure a Na'vi character in James Cameron's new film, Avatar. 75"action figure has exciting details, amazing accuracy and consists of a distinctive weapon or accessory. In the land of Pandora, every little thing organic glows in the dark inducing the wild and fierce Na'vi creatures. A respected Na'vi hunter and warrior for the Omaticaya is famed among several Na'vi clans for his bow function atop a banshee. Skills: Hunting, expertise in all manner of Na'vi weaponry, including challenge weapon, and masterful direhorse and Banshee rider. Also consists of character specific Webcam i-TAG to bring the thrilling battle scenes to 3-D life. Accented with glow-in-the-dark bioluminescence. His surliness does not detract from his profound courage and natural leadership. Clan Position: Lead warrior and hunter, apprentice Olo'eyctan or male clan leader. Each 3.
478 harley davidson motorcycles everything you need to know no short description harley davidson motorcycles everything you need to know because this is pdf file * PDF *
479 the china challenge shaping the choices of a rising power no short description the china challenge shaping the choices of a rising power because this is pdf file * PDF *
480 the screwed up metabolism diet how a middle aged hypothyroid diabetic lost 95 pounds and you can too no short description the screwed up metabolism diet how a middle aged hypothyroid diabetic lost 95 pounds and you can too because this is pdf file * PDF *
481 pocket neurology pocket notebook series no short description pocket neurology pocket notebook series because this is pdf file * PDF *
484 the practice of emergency and critical care neurology no short description the practice of emergency and critical care neurology because this is pdf file * PDF *
485 institutional reform and democratic consolidation in korea no short description institutional reform and democratic consolidation in korea because this is pdf file * PDF *
487 living well beyond breast cancer a survivors guide for when treatment ends and the rest of your life begins no short description living well beyond breast cancer a survivors guide for when treatment ends and the rest of your life begins because this is pdf file * PDF *
492 the color of liberty histories of race in france no short description the color of liberty histories of race in france because this is pdf file * PDF *
493 emotional intelligence 8 surprisingly effective ways to increase emotional intelligence what is emotional intelligence and how to improve eq no short description emotional intelligence 8 surprisingly effective ways to increase emotional intelligence what is emotional intelligence and how to improve eq because this is pdf file * PDF *
494 the day of battle the war in sicily and italy 1943 1944 volume two of the liberation trilogy no short description the day of battle the war in sicily and italy 1943 1944 volume two of the liberation trilogy because this is pdf file * PDF *
496 return from the natives how margaret mead won the second world war and lost the cold war no short description return from the natives how margaret mead won the second world war and lost the cold war because this is pdf file * PDF *
497 us china relations mainstream and organic views no short description us china relations mainstream and organic views because this is pdf file * PDF *
498 the color of our shame race and justice in our time no short description the color of our shame race and justice in our time because this is pdf file * PDF *
500 an executive bodyguard manual on kidnap prevention what every executive protection specialist should know about kidnap prevention no short description an executive bodyguard manual on kidnap prevention what every executive protection specialist should know about kidnap prevention because this is pdf file * PDF *
504 ive got breast cancer now what a survivors guide to the cancer journey no short description ive got breast cancer now what a survivors guide to the cancer journey because this is pdf file * PDF *
507 anthropological conversations talking culture across disciplines no short description anthropological conversations talking culture across disciplines because this is pdf file * PDF *
512 the reproach of hunger food justice and money in the twenty first century no short description the reproach of hunger food justice and money in the twenty first century because this is pdf file * PDF *
513 spy lost caught between the kgb and the fbi no short description spy lost caught between the kgb and the fbi because this is pdf file * PDF *
515 mathematical statistics and stochastic processes applied stochastic methods no short description mathematical statistics and stochastic processes applied stochastic methods because this is pdf file * PDF *
517 from monsoons to microbes understanding the oceans role in human health no short description from monsoons to microbes understanding the oceans role in human health because this is pdf file * PDF *
518 voice production in singing and speaking based on scientific principles fourth edition revised and enlarged no short description voice production in singing and speaking based on scientific principles fourth edition revised and enlarged because this is pdf file * PDF *
520 cyborgs and citadels anthropological interventions in emerging sciences and technologies school for advanced research advanced seminar series no short description cyborgs and citadels anthropological interventions in emerging sciences and technologies school for advanced research advanced seminar series because this is pdf file * PDF *
524 the blood brain barrier in health and disease volume two pathophysiology and pathology no short description the blood brain barrier in health and disease volume two pathophysiology and pathology because this is pdf file * PDF *
525 data mining in agriculture springer optimization and its applications no short description data mining in agriculture springer optimization and its applications because this is pdf file * PDF *
526 spiritual protection for your children helping your children and family find their identity freedom and security in christ no short description spiritual protection for your children helping your children and family find their identity freedom and security in christ because this is pdf file * PDF *
528 twelve months to your ideal private practice a workbook norton professional books no short description twelve months to your ideal private practice a workbook norton professional books because this is pdf file * PDF *
529 the forbidden poems from iran and its exiles no short description the forbidden poems from iran and its exiles because this is pdf file * PDF *
530 music and trance a theory of the relations between music and possession no short description music and trance a theory of the relations between music and possession because this is pdf file * PDF *
531 marriage on the spiritual path no short description marriage on the spiritual path because this is pdf file * PDF *
532 renault megane and scenic petrol and diesel service and repair manual 1996 to 1999 haynes service and repair manuals by churchill jeremy 2006 hardcover no short description renault megane and scenic petrol and diesel service and repair manual 1996 to 1999 haynes service and repair manuals by churchill jeremy 2006 hardcover because this is pdf file * PDF *
533 aesthetics politics and educational inquiry essays and examples counterpoints no short description aesthetics politics and educational inquiry essays and examples counterpoints because this is pdf file * PDF *
535 how to do everything with your visor no short description how to do everything with your visor because this is pdf file * PDF *
536 questions for kids a book to discover a childs imagination and knowledge no short description questions for kids a book to discover a childs imagination and knowledge because this is pdf file * PDF *
540 the european union and british politics contemporary political studies no short description the european union and british politics contemporary political studies because this is pdf file * PDF *
541 inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets hamsters inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets like the pocket pet no short description inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets pocket pets hamsters inquiring minds want to know about exotic pets like the pocket pet because this is pdf file * PDF *
544 learning disabilities a to z a complete guide to learning disabilities from preschool to adulthood no short description learning disabilities a to z a complete guide to learning disabilities from preschool to adulthood because this is pdf file * PDF *
545 learning in adulthood a comprehensive guide jossey bass higher and adult education no short description learning in adulthood a comprehensive guide jossey bass higher and adult education because this is pdf file * PDF *
546 the spiritual senses perceiving god in western christianity no short description the spiritual senses perceiving god in western christianity because this is pdf file * PDF *
547 recent advances in natural computing selected results from the iwnc 8 symposium mathematics for industry no short description recent advances in natural computing selected results from the iwnc 8 symposium mathematics for industry because this is pdf file * PDF *
548 which peoples war national identity and citizenship in wartime britain 1939 1945 no short description which peoples war national identity and citizenship in wartime britain 1939 1945 because this is pdf file * PDF *
550 stochastic methods in quantum mechanics dover books on physics no short description stochastic methods in quantum mechanics dover books on physics because this is pdf file * PDF *
551 the dialect of modernism race language and twentieth century literature race and american culture no short description the dialect of modernism race language and twentieth century literature race and american culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
The Courier’s Great Person Award winner is Bryan Litchfield, Saco resident and school social worker at JFK School in Biddeford. He was nominated by Biddeford resident Claire Boucher. More...
SACO – First Parish Congregational Church in Saco will offer health screening and personal care services Monday, Jan. 16, in celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. day. More...
With the Legislature set to reconvene in January, Sen. Susan Deschambault (D-Biddeford) reminds local schools and students about the Senate Honorary Page program at the Statehouse in Augusta. More...
The new legislative session has begun and legislators have received their committee assignments. I am pleased to have been appointed by the Senate president to serve on the Taxation Committee. More...
One fine day last week I was perusing the fiction stacks looking for the latest bestseller about zombie tailors overrunning a town and forcibly altering everyone’s inseams when I heard the sound of unruly laughter coming from the vicinity of th More...
The Courier accepts calendar listings from nonprofit organizations. Submissions must be received 10 days prior to publication. Please email your listing to editor@inthecourier.com and indicate the date of your event in the reference line. More...
SACO – City resident Barbara Colman, who lives on Stockman Avenue, has announced that she is suing six city councilors, the mayor and the city administrator, claiming that the council’s process in approving an amendment to a contract zone More...
BIDDEFORD – City staff has offered the council changes to the city code and administration designed to improve the appearance of downtown. More...
The West Brook Skating Rink opened on Saturday, Jan. 7 for the season, after a postponement from Friday. More...
BIDDEFORD – Council members were split on whether to consider removing or changing the city’s ordinance requiring taxi cab companies to submit vehicles to an extra yearly inspection by codes enforcement. City staff presented the cou More...
WASHINGTON, D.C. – A former Courier reporter turned educator will lead the only school band in Maine selected to perform at the inauguration of presidentelect Donald Trump during festivities scheduled for Jan. 19-21. More...
Thornton Academy will hold an open house Feb. 1 that will provide prospective students with the opportunity to meet with the admissions team, chat with teachers, speak with current students and tour the campus. More...
To the editor: I am the founder/facilitator of the group, “Color of Community,” a group of college aged students who teach about the dangers of bias, prejudice and stereotype and the power of tolerance, forgiveness and love. More...
If you have a disability and are having trouble accessing information on this website or need materials in an alternate format, contact
Educational historian Frederick Rudolph called Cornell University “the first American university,” referring to its unique role as a coeducational, nonsectarian, land-grant institution with a broad curriculum and diverse student body. In this course, we will explore the history of Cornell, taking as our focus the pledge of Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White to found a university where “any person can find instruction in any study.” The course will cover a wide range of topics and perspectives relating to the faculty, student body, evolution of campus, and important events and eras in Cornell history. Stories and vignettes will provide background on the current university and its administrative structure, campus traditions, and the names that adorn buildings and memorials throughout campus. Finally, the course will offer a forum for students to address questions on present-day aspects of the university.
All courses of study © 2018 Cornell University. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
553 business communication today 12th edition no short description business communication today 12th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
555 cybersecurity hygiene for the healthcare industry the basics in healthcare it health informatics and cybersecurity for the health sector volume 1 no short description cybersecurity hygiene for the healthcare industry the basics in healthcare it health informatics and cybersecurity for the health sector volume 1 because this is pdf file * PDF *
559 middle class lifeboat 9 lifestyle choices for safeguarding your quality of life an elm street economy guide no short description middle class lifeboat 9 lifestyle choices for safeguarding your quality of life an elm street economy guide because this is pdf file * PDF *
560 the blood of lost empires a novel of the new cold war no short description the blood of lost empires a novel of the new cold war because this is pdf file * PDF *
561 father hunger fathers daughters and the pursuit of thinness no short description father hunger fathers daughters and the pursuit of thinness because this is pdf file * PDF *
563 go math student practice book grade 3 no short description go math student practice book grade 3 because this is pdf file * PDF *
564 good and evil spirits and their influence on humanity collected works of rudolf steiner no short description good and evil spirits and their influence on humanity collected works of rudolf steiner because this is pdf file * PDF *
566 business statistics a first course 5th edition no short description business statistics a first course 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
567 constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy 1919 no short description constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy 1919 because this is pdf file * PDF *
568 the breast cancer survivors fitness plan a doctor approved workout plan for a strong body and lifesaving results harvard medical school guides no short description the breast cancer survivors fitness plan a doctor approved workout plan for a strong body and lifesaving results harvard medical school guides because this is pdf file * PDF *
570 within and without empire scotland across the postcolonial borderline no short description within and without empire scotland across the postcolonial borderline because this is pdf file * PDF *
571 descriptive translation studies and beyond benjamins translation library by toury gideon published by john benjamins publishing co 1995 no short description descriptive translation studies and beyond benjamins translation library by toury gideon published by john benjamins publishing co 1995 because this is pdf file * PDF *
573 the american kaleidoscope race ethnicity and the civic culture no short description the american kaleidoscope race ethnicity and the civic culture because this is pdf file * PDF *
574 sierra leone diamonds and the struggle for democracy international peace academy occasional paper series no short description sierra leone diamonds and the struggle for democracy international peace academy occasional paper series because this is pdf file * PDF *
577 postcolonial translocations cultural representation and critical spatial thinking author marga munkelt published on january 2013 no short description postcolonial translocations cultural representation and critical spatial thinking author marga munkelt published on january 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
578 a human health perspective on climate change a report outlining the research needs on the human health effects of climate change no short description a human health perspective on climate change a report outlining the research needs on the human health effects of climate change because this is pdf file * PDF *
581 preparing literature reviews qualitative and quantitative approaches no short description preparing literature reviews qualitative and quantitative approaches because this is pdf file * PDF *
582 a focus on sustainable supply chains and green logistics emerald gems no short description a focus on sustainable supply chains and green logistics emerald gems because this is pdf file * PDF *
583 the king of oil the secret lives of marc rich no short description the king of oil the secret lives of marc rich because this is pdf file * PDF *
586 ccm certified construction manager certification exam examfocus study notes review questions 2014 no short description ccm certified construction manager certification exam examfocus study notes review questions 2014 because this is pdf file * PDF *
590 japan since 1945 from postwar to post bubble no short description japan since 1945 from postwar to post bubble because this is pdf file * PDF *
593 the annals of the american academy of political social science detaining democracy criminal justice and american civic life the annals of the of political an no short description the annals of the american academy of political social science detaining democracy criminal justice and american civic life the annals of the of political an because this is pdf file * PDF *
596 the fabric of america how our borders and boundaries shaped the country and forged our national identity no short description the fabric of america how our borders and boundaries shaped the country and forged our national identity because this is pdf file * PDF *
599 the holy odu a collection of verses from the 256 ifa odu with commentary no short description the holy odu a collection of verses from the 256 ifa odu with commentary because this is pdf file * PDF *
601 strokes pocketcard set no short description strokes pocketcard set because this is pdf file * PDF *
608 primary composition book kids school exercise book with pandas butterflies owls times tables wide ruled large notebook color perfect bound primary c no short description primary composition book kids school exercise book with pandas butterflies owls times tables wide ruled large notebook color perfect bound primary c because this is pdf file * PDF *
609 us china relations policy issues no short description us china relations policy issues because this is pdf file * PDF *
610 the hypothyroid diet lose weight and beat fatigue in 21 days no short description the hypothyroid diet lose weight and beat fatigue in 21 days because this is pdf file * PDF *
611 beyond the indigo children the new children and the coming of the fifth world no short description beyond the indigo children the new children and the coming of the fifth world because this is pdf file * PDF *
612 by robert kreitner management eleventh 11th edition no short description by robert kreitner management eleventh 11th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
614 the principles of banking no short description the principles of banking because this is pdf file * PDF *
615 not yet free at last the unfinished business of the civil rights movement our battle for school choice education series no short description not yet free at last the unfinished business of the civil rights movement our battle for school choice education series because this is pdf file * PDF *
616 when helping hurts how to alleviate poverty without hurting the poor and yourself no short description when helping hurts how to alleviate poverty without hurting the poor and yourself because this is pdf file * PDF *
617 introduction to early childhood education preschool through primary grades 6th edition no short description introduction to early childhood education preschool through primary grades 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
618 the fast metabolism diet eat more food and lose more weight no short description the fast metabolism diet eat more food and lose more weight because this is pdf file * PDF *
620 theory and reality an introduction to the philosophy of science science and its conceptual foundations series no short description theory and reality an introduction to the philosophy of science science and its conceptual foundations series because this is pdf file * PDF *
621 the last waltz in santiago and other poems of exile and disappearance poets penguin no short description the last waltz in santiago and other poems of exile and disappearance poets penguin because this is pdf file * PDF *
622 essays in truth glimpses into reality no short description essays in truth glimpses into reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
623 parliament in british politics contemporary political studies no short description parliament in british politics contemporary political studies because this is pdf file * PDF *
625 journey across the life span human development and health promotion by polan rnc ms phd elaine u taylor rn ms daphne r 2015 paperback no short description journey across the life span human development and health promotion by polan rnc ms phd elaine u taylor rn ms daphne r 2015 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
628 contemporary british politics fourth edition no short description contemporary british politics fourth edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
631 literacy in the arts retheorising learning and teaching no short description literacy in the arts retheorising learning and teaching because this is pdf file * PDF *
635 the modeling of nature the philosophy of science and the philosophy of nature in synthesis no short description the modeling of nature the philosophy of science and the philosophy of nature in synthesis because this is pdf file * PDF *
638 big book of beginners piano classics 83 favorite pieces in easy piano arrangements with downloadable mp3s dover music for piano no short description big book of beginners piano classics 83 favorite pieces in easy piano arrangements with downloadable mp3s dover music for piano because this is pdf file * PDF *
639 applications of statistical and machine learning methods in bioinformatics advances in computational and systems biology no short description applications of statistical and machine learning methods in bioinformatics advances in computational and systems biology because this is pdf file * PDF *
641 an aesthetic education in the era of globalization no short description an aesthetic education in the era of globalization because this is pdf file * PDF *
642 middle class lifeboat careers and life choices for navigating a changing economy no short description middle class lifeboat careers and life choices for navigating a changing economy because this is pdf file * PDF *
643 assessment of children cognitive foundations 5th edition no short description assessment of children cognitive foundations 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
644 adult learning linking theory and practice no short description adult learning linking theory and practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
645 key to geometry answers 4 6 paperback no short description key to geometry answers 4 6 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
647 cardiac imaging in clinical practice no short description cardiac imaging in clinical practice because this is pdf file * PDF *
648 rebel alliances the means and ends of contemporary british anarchisms no short description rebel alliances the means and ends of contemporary british anarchisms because this is pdf file * PDF *
649 the smartest kids in the world and how they got that way no short description the smartest kids in the world and how they got that way because this is pdf file * PDF *
650 reverse logistics quantitative models for closed loop supply chains no short description reverse logistics quantitative models for closed loop supply chains because this is pdf file * PDF *
652 ebo as a healing technique in ifa divination system an investigation of a potent therapeutic mechanism for todays health problems no short description ebo as a healing technique in ifa divination system an investigation of a potent therapeutic mechanism for todays health problems because this is pdf file * PDF *
654 social studies for the preschoolprimary child 8th edition no short description social studies for the preschoolprimary child 8th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
656 starting your own practice the independence guide for professional service providers no short description starting your own practice the independence guide for professional service providers because this is pdf file * PDF *
658 the 5th wave the first book of the 5th wave series no short description the 5th wave the first book of the 5th wave series because this is pdf file * PDF *
659 the literature review six steps to success no short description the literature review six steps to success because this is pdf file * PDF *
660 foundations of macroecology classic papers with commentaries no short description foundations of macroecology classic papers with commentaries because this is pdf file * PDF *
661 guitar chords made simple the ultimate guide to quick easy chord construction scotts straightforward guitar lessons book 4 no short description guitar chords made simple the ultimate guide to quick easy chord construction scotts straightforward guitar lessons book 4 because this is pdf file * PDF *
664 the short stories the first forty nine stories with a brief preface by the author no short description the short stories the first forty nine stories with a brief preface by the author because this is pdf file * PDF *
665 cold comfort mountain women no short description cold comfort mountain women because this is pdf file * PDF *
666 the good women of china hidden voices no short description the good women of china hidden voices because this is pdf file * PDF *
670 raw and radiant simple raw recipes for the busy lifestyle no short description raw and radiant simple raw recipes for the busy lifestyle because this is pdf file * PDF *
672 into the looking glass exploring the worlds of fringe no short description into the looking glass exploring the worlds of fringe because this is pdf file * PDF *
673 streetbikes everything you need to know no short description streetbikes everything you need to know because this is pdf file * PDF *
674 primary care of musculoskeletal problems in the outpatient setting no short description primary care of musculoskeletal problems in the outpatient setting because this is pdf file * PDF *
675 love death and exile poems translated from arabic no short description love death and exile poems translated from arabic because this is pdf file * PDF *
678 essentials of health culture and diversity understanding people reducing disparities essential public health no short description essentials of health culture and diversity understanding people reducing disparities essential public health because this is pdf file * PDF *
679 british politics a very short introduction very short introductions no short description british politics a very short introduction very short introductions because this is pdf file * PDF *
682 compliance in todays global supply chain no short description compliance in todays global supply chain because this is pdf file * PDF *
683 constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy no short description constitutional free speech defined and defended in an unfinished argument in a case of blasphemy because this is pdf file * PDF *
684 a glimpse into the inner workings of my god what organized religions dont know about your god no short description a glimpse into the inner workings of my god what organized religions dont know about your god because this is pdf file * PDF *
685 the blood brain barrier and drug delivery to the cns no short description the blood brain barrier and drug delivery to the cns because this is pdf file * PDF *
687 speak to influence how to unlock the hidden power of your voice no short description speak to influence how to unlock the hidden power of your voice because this is pdf file * PDF *
693 pediatric cardiology board review no short description pediatric cardiology board review because this is pdf file * PDF *
694 dissensus on politics and aesthetics no short description dissensus on politics and aesthetics because this is pdf file * PDF *
695 101 ways to stop worrying start living cards a box of blessings no short description 101 ways to stop worrying start living cards a box of blessings because this is pdf file * PDF *
697 ecotherapy healing with nature in mind no short description ecotherapy healing with nature in mind because this is pdf file * PDF *
698 the end of banking money credit and the digital revolution no short description the end of banking money credit and the digital revolution because this is pdf file * PDF *
700 the ultimate pool maintenance manual spas pools hot tubs rockscapes and other water features 2nd edition no short description the ultimate pool maintenance manual spas pools hot tubs rockscapes and other water features 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
701 the practical organist 50 short works for church services dover music for organ no short description the practical organist 50 short works for church services dover music for organ because this is pdf file * PDF *
705 student study guide for biology 6th edition no short description student study guide for biology 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
707 principles of management 11th eleventh edition 11th eleventh edition no short description principles of management 11th eleventh edition 11th eleventh edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
708 advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data 1st first edition published by cambridge university press 2013 no short description advances in statistical bioinformatics models and integrative inference for high throughput data 1st first edition published by cambridge university press 2013 because this is pdf file * PDF *
710 algebra 2 practice workbook with examples no short description algebra 2 practice workbook with examples because this is pdf file * PDF *
713 hunger for the word lectionary reflections on food and justice year b no short description hunger for the word lectionary reflections on food and justice year b because this is pdf file * PDF *
715 the blood brain and other neural barriers reviews and protocols methods in molecular biology no short description the blood brain and other neural barriers reviews and protocols methods in molecular biology because this is pdf file * PDF *
717 project management for healthcare information technology no short description project management for healthcare information technology because this is pdf file * PDF *
718 banking with the beard secrets of a master banker no short description banking with the beard secrets of a master banker because this is pdf file * PDF *
719 alma mahler or the art of being loved no short description alma mahler or the art of being loved because this is pdf file * PDF *
723 hypothyroidism diet second edition recipes for hypothyroidism and losing weight fast no short description hypothyroidism diet second edition recipes for hypothyroidism and losing weight fast because this is pdf file * PDF *
725 what they dont teach you at harvard business school notes from a street smart executive no short description what they dont teach you at harvard business school notes from a street smart executive because this is pdf file * PDF *
726 flash kids complete curriculum grade 6 with answer key no short description flash kids complete curriculum grade 6 with answer key because this is pdf file * PDF *
728 case based anesthesia clinical learning guides no short description case based anesthesia clinical learning guides because this is pdf file * PDF *
729 and direction was given a daring escape from a pow camp and a dramatic journey to neutral switzerland no short description and direction was given a daring escape from a pow camp and a dramatic journey to neutral switzerland because this is pdf file * PDF *
730 lgbtq cultures what health care professionals need to know about sexual and gender diversity no short description lgbtq cultures what health care professionals need to know about sexual and gender diversity because this is pdf file * PDF *
732 forget the former a glimpse into redemptive reality no short description forget the former a glimpse into redemptive reality because this is pdf file * PDF *
733 jeep wrangler automotive repair manual 1987 through 2003 all models 1st first by mike stubblefield john h haynes 2005 paperback no short description jeep wrangler automotive repair manual 1987 through 2003 all models 1st first by mike stubblefield john h haynes 2005 paperback because this is pdf file * PDF *
734 high energy astrophysics volume 1 particles photons and their detection no short description high energy astrophysics volume 1 particles photons and their detection because this is pdf file * PDF *
735 invisible covert operations and classified landscapes no short description invisible covert operations and classified landscapes because this is pdf file * PDF *
738 making practice fun series algebra two and trigonometry no short description making practice fun series algebra two and trigonometry because this is pdf file * PDF *
741 sex and sexualities in contemporary indonesia sexual politics health diversity and representations sexuality culture and health no short description sex and sexualities in contemporary indonesia sexual politics health diversity and representations sexuality culture and health because this is pdf file * PDF *
743 case studies of near misses in clinical anesthesia no short description case studies of near misses in clinical anesthesia because this is pdf file * PDF *
744 linear algebra with applications by w keith nicholson 2006 03 01 no short description linear algebra with applications by w keith nicholson 2006 03 01 because this is pdf file * PDF *
745 philosophy of science the central issues no short description philosophy of science the central issues because this is pdf file * PDF *
751 essential keyboard repertoire vol 1 100 early intermediate selections in their original form baroque to modern item 501c no short description essential keyboard repertoire vol 1 100 early intermediate selections in their original form baroque to modern item 501c because this is pdf file * PDF *
753 american dietetic association guide to private practice an introduction to starting your own business no short description american dietetic association guide to private practice an introduction to starting your own business because this is pdf file * PDF *
756 oceans and human health risks and remedies from the seas no short description oceans and human health risks and remedies from the seas because this is pdf file * PDF *
757 psychedelic white goa trance and the viscosity of race no short description psychedelic white goa trance and the viscosity of race because this is pdf file * PDF *
759 whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid barrows lectures no short description whose hunger concepts of famine practices of aid barrows lectures because this is pdf file * PDF *
762 total control high performance street riding techniques 2nd edition no short description total control high performance street riding techniques 2nd edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
763 the fine art of small talk how to start a conversation keep it going build networking skills and leave a positive impression no short description the fine art of small talk how to start a conversation keep it going build networking skills and leave a positive impression because this is pdf file * PDF *
765 critical care nursing certification preparation review and practice exams sixth edition critical care certification ahrens no short description critical care nursing certification preparation review and practice exams sixth edition critical care certification ahrens because this is pdf file * PDF *
766 the voice hidden within me a journey of discovery and healing your heart no short description the voice hidden within me a journey of discovery and healing your heart because this is pdf file * PDF *
768 baking from my home to yours no short description baking from my home to yours because this is pdf file * PDF *
769 dramatic interactions in education vygotskian and sociocultural approaches to drama education and research no short description dramatic interactions in education vygotskian and sociocultural approaches to drama education and research because this is pdf file * PDF *
772 western civilization and the academy no short description western civilization and the academy because this is pdf file * PDF *
773 hidden voices reflections of a gay catholic priest no short description hidden voices reflections of a gay catholic priest because this is pdf file * PDF *
774 strong interactions and high energy physics no short description strong interactions and high energy physics because this is pdf file * PDF *
776 research strategies finding your way through the information fog 5th edition no short description research strategies finding your way through the information fog 5th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
779 essentials of musculoskeletal care 4th edition no short description essentials of musculoskeletal care 4th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
780 physics student study guide with selected solutions vol 1 6th edition no short description physics student study guide with selected solutions vol 1 6th edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
781 philosophy of science the central issues second edition no short description philosophy of science the central issues second edition because this is pdf file * PDF *
782 data mining in agriculture springer optimization and its applications by antonio mucherino 2009 08 19 no short description data mining in agriculture springer optimization and its applications by antonio mucherino 2009 08 19 because this is pdf file * PDF *
783 convergence of stochastic processes springer series in statistics no short description convergence of stochastic processes springer series in statistics because this is pdf file * PDF *
785 let me get this off my chest a breast cancer survivor over shares no short description let me get this off my chest a breast cancer survivor over shares because this is pdf file * PDF *
787 playful learning and teaching integrating play into preschool and primary programs no short description playful learning and teaching integrating play into preschool and primary programs because this is pdf file * PDF *
790 literature reviews made easy a quick guide to success no short description literature reviews made easy a quick guide to success because this is pdf file * PDF *
791 law society and democracy comparative perspectives the annals of the american academy of political and social science series no short description law society and democracy comparative perspectives the annals of the american academy of political and social science series because this is pdf file * PDF *
798 mamushka recipes from ukraine and eastern europe no short description mamushka recipes from ukraine and eastern europe because this is pdf file * PDF *
Search for products in the Guitar / Bass Accessories → Guitar to MIDI Interfaces category. Advanced Search
The plaintiffs claim they were wrongly charged that in March of 1996 and on several occasions thereafter they did export wheat or barley to the USA without a Canadian Wheat Board License thereby creating an alleged offence under Section 160 of the Canada Customs Act. Click here.
Renova Holdings Ltd., John Jackson, Dave Bouchard and Ron Duffy (Plaintiffs) vs The Canadian Wheat Board and the Attorney General of Canada (Defendants) Click here.
Art Mainil (Plaintiff) and the Canadian Wheat Board and Meyers Norris Penny (Defendants) Click here.
Jim has been interested in the western genre since the mid-1950s when his family was involved in reenactments at the Buffalo Ranch near Newport Beach, CA and at the Ray “Crash” Corrigan Movie Ranch (Corriganville) Simi Valley, CA. He has also been involved with horses most of his life, still riding regularly today. After completing a successful career in the military and in the health care industry, he became involved with making quality leather gun belts, holsters, chaps, etc. working for several of the Southern California premier Gun Leather Companies. This renewed his interest in the Old West and he became a member of the Single Action Shooting Society, a member of the Reenactment Guild of America, a member of The Cowboys, Norco, California, a member of South Bay Rod & Gun Club, Dulzura, California and a member of the Julian Doves and Desperado’s Reenactment group. His long hair and facial characteristics make him a natural for Buffalo Bill. His other persona as Captain Cooper swings from a Civil War Officer (both Union and Confederate) drifting into the western frontier, a working cowboy, Indian Wars Period Officer or Arizona Ranger thus allowing some latitude in period attire, which he enjoys. He possesses several authentic and unique firearms from this era, including a .44 Evans, an 1887 Winchester lever action 12 gage shotgun, an 1894 Winchester pump 12 gage shotgun, a Colt Bisley in .45 caliber, and also periodically carries/shoots a LeMat pistol.
First Place Speciality Men Costume, 2ND Annual Grand national Competition of “The Old West”, Jean, Nevada, May 14-15, 2011
First Place Overall Speciality Costume, 2ND Annual Grand national Competition of “The Old West”, Jean, Nevada, May 14-15, 2011
Second Place, Living History, 2ND Annual Grand national Competition of “The Old West”, Jean, Nevada, May 14-15, 2011
First Place, Small Encampment, 2ND Annual Grand national Competition of “The Old West”, Jean, Nevada, May 14-15, 2011
First Place, Male Specialty Costume Contest, 15th Annual Gathering of the Gunfighters, Yuma, Arizona, January 12, 2013
He is recognized as a knowledgeable historian of the “Old West” and has given the following recent presentations:
Spoke on History of Cowboy Chaps and Cuffs at the Blue Grass and Old West Festival, Ramona, CA March 20, 2010
Spoke on History of Cowboy Chaps and Cuffs at The National Day of The Cowboy Celebration, Ramona, California July 14, 2010
Spoke on History of Cowboy Chaps and Cuffs at The National Day of The Cowboy Celebration, Ramona, California July 23, 2011
Spoke on History of Cowboy Chaps and Cuffs at The National Day of The Cowboy Celebration, Ramona, California July 28, 2012
In addition he has served as a studio model for art students interested in authentic ‘Old West’ attire.
Captain Cooper creates his own cowboy chaps, cuffs and gun leather, making reproductions from Museum and Historical Books, keeping with the American Cowboy era of the 1860s to the early 1910s, and recently completed a fully tooled “B” Western set of Batwing chaps.
The Parade would not be possible without support from the community. We greatly appreciate every one of you!
The 54th Annual Cowan Christmas Parade will be held on Saturday, December 1, 2018. The parade committee generates its own funds by asking for donations from local and corporate sponsors. To those of you who have contributed towards past parades, we say “Thank you” and to those who would like to become a part of our tradition, we invite you to sponsor the 54th Annual Cowan Christmas Parade.
All donations help cover operating expenses such as awards, the parade website, advertising, banners, and other incidental costs.
All types Accounting Airports Amusement parks Aquariums Art galleries ATMs Bakeries Banks Bars Beauty salons Bicycle stores Book stores Bowling alleies Bus stations Cafes Campgrounds Car dealers Car rentals Car repairs Car washes Cemeteries Churches City halls Clothing stores Convenience stores Courthouses Dentists Department stores Doctors Electricians Electronics stores Embassies Establishments Finances Fire stations Florists Foods Funeral homes Furniture stores Gas stations General contractors Gyms Hair cares Hardware stores Healths Hindu temples Home goods stores Hospitals Insurance agencies Jewelry stores Laundries Lawyers Libraries Liquor stores Local government offices Locksmiths Lodgings Meal deliveries Meal takeaways Mosques Movie rentals Movie theaters Moving companies Museums Night clubs Painters Parks Parkings Pet stores Pharmacies Physiotherapists Places of worship Plumbers Police Post offices Real estate agencies Roofing contractors RV parks Schools Shoe stores Shopping malls SPAs Stadiums Storages Subway stations Supermarkets Synagogues Taxi stands Train stations Transit stations Travel agencies Universities Veterinary cares ZOOs
Establishment, church and place of worship at 11 Brougham Street, Cowra, NSW 2794, Australia. Here you will find detailed information about Ignite Church Cowra: address, phone, fax, opening hours, customer reviews, photos, directions and more.
The new, and possibly, final trailer for the 3rd time we see Caesar fighting humanity. This time the war is for supremacy. Who will win? …
How did Andy Serkis become Caesar? In this amazing featurette, we are shown how from acting on set to becoming our ape hero. The skills …
The final trailer for War for the Planet of the Apes is here and it’s the most epic one yet. Who will win? The war …
Caesar is back in the brand new trailer for War for the Planet of the Apes. This time he’s fighting for his own survival as …
The explosive next chapter in the journey of Caesar is about to be realised. This is the first trailer for the 3rd film in the …
8 new, alternative, posters as well as a video feature for the upcoming Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. The posters are a mix …
The new trailer for Dawn of the Planet of the Apes hit my in box this morning. In this one we see more of the …
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes takes the ape Caesar and picks up his story around a decade after the end of 2011’s Rise …
Retrieved from " https: Great engine - tunable - and kits readily avaliable. Always the supercharger option. Brand new full 2. I like the atlantis, and the fiat engine is a lovely transplant unit, was going to make a track car using a 2. I like the idea of this engine because it seems to be superceding the k-series as the popular choice for kits.
The Midget used the 12G cylinder head casting that was common to other BMC cars, whereas the Cooper 'S' had a special head with not only larger inlet, but also larger exhaust valves; however, these exhaust valves caused many 'S' heads to fail through cracking between the valve seats. Alternators were fitted instead of dynamos generators from onwards. Minor facelift changes were made to the body trim in late model year , with the sills painted black, a revised recessed black grille, and squared off taillights as on the MGB. Unfortunately, some engine reliability issues arose due to the hotter engine bay. You should also put the stronger tranny from the in the car too. May 6,
About ME: I offer lots of services obvious one Gfe lots of sexy outfits for me or if you got a kinky side and like to try on my clothing then your more than welcome . #1 TOP PROVIDER QUALITY . The sucsessfull candidate also should have a good understanding of quantum physics and nuclear physics as I am also a mad scientist on the side and am in the midst of plans to take over the universe.... The round rear-wheel arches were now square again, to increase the body strength. My hot pussy waiting for a big penis!
In this manner, the car's abilities remained acceptable for the period. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The doors had no external handles or locks and the windows were sliding Perspex side-screens. In late model year , US-spec cars received several safety additions: Introduction, Engines, Performance and Economy. This fact-filled guide covers all aspects of engine tuning in detail, including filters, carburation, intake manifolds, cylinder heads, Browse Related Browse Related. Please note that I am not qualified to answer your questions on V8 Conversions.
Get a valve installed and inflate those saggy tits. Put about 0 lbs. in each and they'd still be saggy and the largest on the net.
Props on another excellent video! Loved your excitement about PrEP and the progress being made. Thank you for continuing to contribute to the education of the masses!
Dr. Doe, you are so wonderful and I really enjoy these videos. It's great to hear and learn about sex and relationships in an intellectual way that doesn't feel sterile and clinical. You're video on crushing has been my all time favorite and has helped me understand how I feel. I have even begun sharing that video with my friends who struggle with understanding their own crushes. I also share it with people that I do have crushes on as support in the event I'm not clear with what that actually means.
Attention! We want to warn you that sexually explicit information might be found on this website, it also includes links to porn sites. Provided you are under age of 18, or this content is insulting to you, or is it is illegal in your community to observe this kind of internet materials, please leave now. All information on this site is in compliance with the 18 USC 2257 US Federal Law.
The organization ARTE France, Department of Arts and Performance represents an institution, an association, or corporate body that is associated with resources found in Avon Lake Public Library ALPL.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Avon Lake Public Library ALPL. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at Romeromarketing.Co, that is not Romeromarketing.Co property remains to its respective owner/s.
Unfortunately in Actionscript, it seems like support for the Vector class isn't fully there yet. There are some scenarios where I need to convert a Vector into an.
I'm new to Actionscript programming,. One might think the compiler would cast to an interface where its functions are not defined,. Flex SDK Developer.Learn the basic types of data used in ActionScript 3,. ActionScript 3 fundamentals: Data types. You can cast any data type into one of the three number types:.Created ANT build for optimized, nodebug deploys of AS3 and. ANT script for builds of AS3-only and AS3 w/ Flex builds - also. = " src-flex.loc.
Possible to get Flex to use custom ArrayCollection for remote object from server? Ask Question. up vote 0 down vote favorite.
More discussions in Flex (Read Only) 33 Replies. How to import MXML Component in ActionScript. Flex harUI Nov 22,. You have to cast the return though:.Flex/AS3 Best way to construct a derived class instance from an. or cast an object? it appears. The server side is an existing application with around 2M LOC.Skip to any available Digital Media Help Center chapter of ActionScript 3.0 Cookbook. or another datatype that ActionScript can automatically cast to a.Exercise 2.7: Creating an ActionScript class and instances. Adobe Developer Connection;. In this section, you will create multiple employee instances with.
Creating animation in ActionScript 3. By Jen deHaan. By. If you're new to writing ActionScript,. These few lines of code are all that is needed to create a wipe.This screen-cast is Part 6 of the Action. which means that you could technically use the Flex SDK to compile this. ActionScript 3.0 Game.
I am trying to configure my Ant build script to compile modules, but I get the following errors: /Users/loc_admin/ContinuousIntegration/CruiseControl/projects/leadlaw.
I am a young man that separated from the U.S. Navy several years ago. Since then I have spent my time caring for the sick and injured as a 911 paramedic in Houston, Texas. My dream since childhood has always been to be a rancher. Unfortunately, I have next to zero reference and guidance on how to get there. I work as a "hand" on my uncle's ranch from time to time. I first started as a very young boy, doing simple chores for the sheer satisfaction of being on the property. Since then, I have graduated to working a tractor for 14 hours a day, 4-6 days in a row, once a year during haying. My uncle has around 300 head on about 1,800 acres. Sounds like a perfect resource, but knowing old ranchers like y'all do, he continuously just tells me that it is not something I want to do and to get over it.... I love the man to death, but he is wrong....
I am hoping that somebody on this forum can help point me in the right direction. My time in the military taught me hard work, dedication, selflessness, loyalty, and perseverance, all qualities I would bring to anybody willing to help me out. I live near Houston, have a wife and kids, so unfortunately I can not pack up and head out full time on a ranch somewhere and learn the trade properly. But, if there are any ranchers near Houston that would be wiling to show me a few things, I would be forever grateful. If not, a few words of advise are always appreciated. In return, I have hunted wild hogs professionally, and am quite skilled at predator control, so in return for advice or knowledge, I can help you with your coyotes and hogs, both of which can be more than a headache.... If this is the wrong spot on this forum for such a topic, or if it is against some sort of rule, I apologize. Thank you.
If you were near me, I'd take a chance. Responsible military person with a family is a good bet in my book. Thanks for your service and good luck.
PPRM wrote: If you were near me, I'd take a chance. Responsible military person with a family is a good bet in my book. Thanks for your service and good luck.
There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true.
I would not disappoint. Oregon has always been my end goal location. If I won the lottery today, i'd be there tomorrow. I have never been though. Is it favorable to the lifestyle? Thanks a ton
There's like "7 Oregon's" climatically. It is very conducive to a variety of agricultural lifestyles.
There's high desert arid and high mountain areas as well as the high rainfall Willamette Valley and coast.
You can make a good life anywhere with the right attitude is my philosophy. Your circumstances don't define more than you let them. I say all of that in that never underestimate the importance of family.
No matter how good you are, the pigeon is just going to s*** on the chessboard and strut around like it won anyway.
Is this what you are referring to? It is in OK. so it might not be the same one. I did not see any job postings, but I emailed them. Thanks!
I'm pretty sure after rolling this around a bit that I saw their "ad for a man", as it were, on their Facebook page. Might give that a look.
This forum is designed for several different roleplays to be hosted. People can create characters, post, and partake in each roleplay we have to offer. Rules will vary depending upon the roleplay.
This campaign takes place in the world of the harry potter universe, long after the events of the main story.
The story will begin on the train ride to Hogwarts, setting being chosen due to it having the most details. Students will meet aboard the train (at beginning, if later players wish to join in they can, just meet us through the halls)
Students will be sorted upon arriving at Hogwarts. in order to make it fair, everyone is required to take this quiz: http://www.thealmightyguru.com/Reviews/HarryPotter/Docs/Quiz-House.html Be Honest
Now, some clarification. You can have any blood you wish, and any wand type you wish. Slytherin is not automatically evil. The reason they appear as such is because of Harry being an unreliable narrator. The story follows him, and everyone around him dislikes slytherin. Keep in mind that many of the qualitys of Slytherins, which are ambition, dedication, and pride, are also sharred of Gryffindors. James Potter was, in his youth, someone who acted just like the slytherins. So no Bias is allowed before school starts. Once it starts, be the pridefull bastards I know you are.
The artist has reached perfect not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
First year student. Wand is 13" Made with Mahogany and Thestral hair. Olivanders only one ever made.
Shy, Muggle born, Marcus was in many fights in his youth. He never starts a fight directly, but being short for his age and a complete smartass boot, he naturally pisses people off. He was unaware of his magical ability, at least until the letter came. Reflecting over his years, he realized he had been moving way to fast for someone without any training. Any other magical details elude him.
Kalosaer is going to be a First year student at Hogwarts. His wand is a Phoenix Feather and Veela Hair Dual Core Rosewood Wand that is 15” long. Calm patient and sometimes forgetful Kalosaer is also very intelligent and sometimes too truthful to be believed. His mother is a person who was hoping to forget the world of Wizards and his father is an Unknown quantity, meaning that he does not know his whole lineage completely. Either way Kalosaer found out that he has actual magical abilities when his letter came, which would help explain his Prescient visions and his ability to see things no one else can see. Although a little tall for his age (5'4") he does not think he will grow much taller than 6 feet. His Pet is a Maine Coon cat that is three parts Kneazle (NEE-zul) this he learned while at Diagon Ally while getting school supplies. Kalosaer Knows that he will be sorted into the RavenClaw House.
Maurana Nebelski was known to be a very strange girl from the start. First her father was a muggle and her mother a wizard. Her father never knew of her mother's secret of being a wizard until after they were married and was pregnant with Maurana. Being a gentleman, he would not abandon his wife and soon-to-be child, instead he stayed married to her and attempted to raise Maurana as much of lady as he could, hoping she didn't have the “wizard gene”. She was born with it and he knew it from the start. She started showing early signs of being able to communicate with animals. Then if she wanted something badly enough, it would suddenly appear. There were other signs too. Maurana was also known to be loyal, dependable and hardworking. She has long blond hair curls that liked to bounce as she walked, almost like mini-slinky's in perfect unison. Her ocean blue eyes almost seemed to twinkle in the moonlight. She also had pretty fair skin with a smirk on her face as if to tease you thinking she knew something you didn't. Maurana was a little petite for her age but she still had a little bit of more growing up to do. After receiving her letter of acceptance as a first year at Hogwarts, her father knew for sure Maurana was a wizard. Mauana's mother took her shopping in the wizard world afterwords for books, wands and an animal companion. Her wand is 12” long and is made out of oak and it's center it has a dragon heart string. Maurana's barn owl Micky seemed to be perfect for her. She is now ready to go to Hogwarts. (She will be placed in: Hufflepuff).
The following components are inspected. Their condition is recorded and compared to manufacturer's specs. Recommendations are made per the Motorist Assurance Program Uniform Inspection Guidelines:
Both the heater and A/C are performance tested by checking the outlet air temperature at the discharge vents
Every Monday, receive exclusive insights from the FT's management editor and a selection of articles to help with your education and career.
Explore our interactive graphic to learn which CEOs from the FT500 companies graduated from top MBA programmes.
An interactive graphic giving an insight into the careers and thoughts of top business school deans.
Leeds University Business School delivers undergraduate, masters, MBA, PhD and executive education to over 3000 students from around 100 countries. We are one of a small number of schools worldwide to be triple accredited by AACSB, AMBA and EQUIS and a top ten UK business and management research institution.
Many health education programs today are teaching about feelings and how the feelings can be controlled.This is part of harm reduction programming that also is a part of drug use (and binge drinking) prevention.Even when their friends warned them to it break off, they already felt powerless to take action.But what if way back in school, they had learned the signs of what to watch out for, signs that could lead to serious problems and even violence later. Sex differences in aggression between heterosexual partners: A meta-analytic review. The development of four types of adolescent dating abuse and selected demographic correlates. Foshee VA, Benefield T, Suchindran C, Ennett ST, Bauman KE, Karriker-Jaffe K J, Mc Naughton Reyes HL, Mathias J.It's important to realize that an abusive boyfriend or girlfriend can use physical or emotional attacks and that emotional abuse can be as serious as physical abuse. Warning Signs of Dating Violence For the target: 1.
Prevalence of Partner Violence in Same-Sex Romantic and Sexual Relationships in a National Sample of Adolescents. But in other situations, the personality traits of one of the partners can lead to a lot of pain and misery for both of the individuals.“If only I had known what I was getting into; if only I had seen the signs.” This is a statement made by many battered women who found themselves in a relationship that had gotten frightening and that they couldn’t see any way of getting out of.With endorphins flooding their brains, young people (or middle-aged people in mid-life crisis) are apt to enter into an intimate relationship, with their feet not quite on the ground.The outcome usually is positive, because most people are fairly normal.
A survey of adolescent and college students revealed that date rape accounted for 67% of sexual assaults and 60% of rapes take place in the victim's home or in that of a friend or relative.
For me, honestly, it has been a hard week. It started out on Monday with taking my son to the ER and ended on Friday with praying with my sister’s mother-in-law on her deathbed. In between I was overwhelmed with images of devastation of Hurricane Harvey and Irma.
While we are all feeling grateful that we still have our homes intact and power on and stores and schools and churches open for business, I know that some weeks feel like a hurricane:
Some of you are overwhelmed by the rains of despair as you face children’s addictions or parents’ dying or suffering of your own.
Some of you feel like the palm trees that are tossed and turned, feeling like if you have to bear one more thing, you just might break.
God knew there would be weeks like this. And so that’s why God calls us together to read the Word of God and be encouraged and uplifted and reminded of the promises of our faith.
In the Exodus reading, Moses is having one of those weeks, when he feels overwhelmed. His burden is too much to bear and he is at the point of breaking. His father-in-law Jethro comes to see him and says, “What you are doing is not good. You will surely wear yourself out.” He told him to share the work with the people: “they will bear the burden with you; then you will be able to endure and live in peace.”
Jethro is wise to remind Moses—and all of us—that we cannot bear our burdens alone; they are lighter when shared in the context of a community.
Church is the place we come to get nourished, to be reminded of what is really true, to connect with other people who care about us, to have faith and find joy and share love, to know that we are not alone in the world.
In the midst of the overwhelming images of devastation from the hurricanes, we look for signs of hope. In the midst of mother nature at its worst, we saw human nature at its best.
In Houston, I saw those who volunteered their boats and their time to rescue people from flooded homes—even pets and livestock. In Florida, I saw the story of the nun, dressed in full habit, with chainsaw in hand, cutting down trees to clear the roadways around the high school where she was the principal. Sister Margaret Ann’s “act of kindness” spurred others to pitch in clearing debris, reminding them that they are all part of the same community. Showed us Resilience…inspires us…
In the John reading, Jesus says, “I am the vine, you are the branches; abide in me. In me you can bear much fruit, apart from me you are nothing.” In the Gospel of John, Jesus refers to himself in many different ways. “I am the light of the world.” This helps illumine our path and show us the way through the dark. “I am the resurrection and the life.” This gives us hope that death does not have the last word; God does and it is a word of eternal life. “I am the vine and you are the branches.” This is a concrete image of a tree—strong and secure. It is a vine that is connected to the vinegrower, who is God. And it is also a living tree that produces fruit. This vine will live and bear fruit, if it abides in God. It cannot grow on its own; it needs to be connected to the Spirit of Life. Jesus is wise to remind us that we cannot grow and thrive and be healthy alone; we need to be connected to God and to one another.
In the midst of the overwhelming images of Houston, there were signs of hope. One was in the form of a tree.
Hurricane Harvey first made landfall as a category 4 storm, in the town of Rockport, Texas. Winds of up to 130 mph and more than 40 inches of rain destroyed houses, churches and schools. But a 1,100-year-old oak tree was left standing at Goose Island State Park.
Maybe that's because the Big Tree has been there before. For more than 1,000 years, this mighty oak has held steadfast to its patch of earth.
It's seen fire. It's seen rain. It's likely seen more than a few aspiring lumberjacks. And, according to local lore, it even stood tall in the middle of a Civil War battle.
There was a moment — barely a flicker in this oak's long life — when people thought the Big Tree might need a hand. Back in the summer of 2011, the area was hit by a harsh drought. There were concerns that this living landmark might finally be fading. But the fire department came to the rescue, dousing the tree in 11,000 gallons of water— essentially simulating about a half an inch of rainfall. The parched tree lapped it up and since then, it has been a living symbol of unshakable resolve.
Then Harvey came knocking. And the Big Tree was undaunted — reminding us that not all heroes leap over tall buildings. Some simply stand their ground to inspire.
If the Big Tree's very sight — its massive, sheltering branches and impenetrable trunk — doesn't already inspire us with a sense of perseverance, then there's always the nearby plaque.
It reads: "I am a live oak tree and I am very old ... I can remember hundreds of hurricanes, most I'd rather forget, but I withstood." And Harvey, too, shall pass.
And there's some more good news: After nearly three weeks, the landscape is starting to turn a bit greener as trees begin to grow their leaves back at Goose Island State Park. This story of resilience and rebirth inspires us to stand strong together in the midst of our storms.
That’s why we have a tree in our sanctuary today. It is the Jethro Tree, named after Jethro who reminded Moses and all of us that we cannot bear our burdens alone; they are lighter when shared in the context of a community. It also reminds us that when we abide with Jesus and stay connected with one another, not only are we stronger and more faithful together, but we also bear fruit and do good in sharing God’s love with others.
Today is an opportunity to leaf our Jethro Tree—to put one leaf on with your name, to offer your time or talents to support the ministry of the church. Jethro Tree gives life to the church.
So whatever your week has been like, whatever your life is like right now, know that you are not alone. You are part of a community church, you are part of the body of Christ, you are part of God’s family, you are the tree of life. Together we can endure storms and inspire faith and even change the world for good.
CPCI combines its experience in the Swiss asset management tradition with a flexible architecture and management adapted to its clients’ needs and products expectations.
When you first look at an unfinished basement it can be tricky to see the many possibilities for creating wonderful living space for your loved ones. At first glance, a cellar offers a huge amount of space that is empty and rough and bare. On the one hand, it has possibilities, and it provides. On the other hand, however, all that unfinished space can make it hard to imagine what your cellar can look like when you complete remodeling it.
In addition, it is important to pay attention to ensure that the exterior of your home looks pleasing the exterior. Ask any Plano Roofing company and they'll tell you that roofs can stain over time due to the weather. Algae and molds can accumulate, causing discoloration on your roof. The discoloration will make your home look old, so it's ideal to eliminate it. Unlike gutters, cleaning your roof can be a tedious and dangerous job. If you happen to notice stains on your roof, you can avail of roof repair Fort Worth trained specialists can offer.
The saw also has high marks for its transportability. It weighs only 45 pounds, so it is easy to move about. You can throw it in the bed of your truck, put it in the trunk of your vehicle, or, if you are a space-limited hobbyist, you can use it in your garage and then store it out of the way so that you can get your car back in once you've completed your project for the day. Some contractors have reported using it or in a tub surround during a bathroom remodel. When in use, Despite the fact that it is heavy, it does not move around. The rubber feet give the stability expected in a larger, heavier saw to it.
The form of insulation that is appropriate for this case is closed cell spray foam insulation. More importantly, although it check my site will conform to the foundation's stone walls, adding strength to the walls, allowing water to drain to the bottom of the foundation rather than through the walls. This insulate the base will control the water, and structuralize any parts of the foundation that have openings. Installing 3 inches of spray foam insulation will go now probably be adequate for this project.
There are also sources in building a fine basement remodel of a picture that outlines the details. They come in many formats that are different in the net such as blogs. Folks like to flaunt their work if they did it themselves. In some photo galleries, they include photos of fixtures and every step. From the sketches of the design program to its finished inside, you will enjoy with.
Find out if the contractor you would like to use has workers that are bonded. Is to have items start disappearing from your dwelling! Employees don't have any significant criminal offenses on their records, so you can feel safe having them around your children and within your home.
It is likely that the home is not safe to reside in if the roof is leaky. Even tiny leaks mold all around the house or can create a large amount of wood that is rotting. A roof leak can happen without anyone noticing if it's small. The dampness from the leak will appeal to termites and other problems that could come into the home. Do not get up without having any experience on look here the roof , however. It's not safe because of the fact that roofs tend to be steep and slick. It can be harmful to your life. You should hire a roofer, when you need to fix your roof.
So after storms it's wise to check out your ceiling cavity using a torch and make sure that there are no tell-tale water stains everywhere. If you can't do it yourself, getting in a specialist to test it for you could save yourself a whole lot of expense and heartache down the trail. This should be an annual job that is done not or if there have been storms. Then you will have peace of mind in knowing that your house is as snug as a bug.
The veterans who took part in the military honor portion of the service stood proudly under the flags and fired the guns, most of them bundled in coveralls and heavy coats. Many of the men appeared to be in their 70's and 80's. The uneven ground and weather made it difficult for some of them to stand for the extended period of time, but they lined up in formation as though they were expecting the Sargent to come along soon for inspection.
A lone bugler stood apart from the protection of the tent that we huddled under. He played taps with pride and vigor even though his thin dress pants and jacket were whipping like the flags in the cold strong wind.
After the service I spoke to the bugler. He is 15 years old. His name is Casey and we could not thank him enough for his bravery and service today.
Amazing! Whenever I'm feeling discouraged about "young people today" i'm going to try and remember this story.
Copyright © 2008 RaRa Telecom Supply, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement Terms of Use Employment
At RaRa Telecom Supply, your input is essential to our business. If you have any questions or comments regarding our company, employees or website, please contact us.
The records during this quantity replicate the good debates that experience formed this country's fiscal existence. masking a large choice of difficulties, they express how each one was once taken care of at a second whilst it used to be politically pressing. on the grounds that they have been efforts at persuasion, often addressed to a large viewers, they're coherent and self-contained and keep away from technical jargon. They hence current transparent and bright proof of what males have wanted and was hoping to accomplish, and clarify not just a lot that's serious approximately how americans lived some time past yet a lot additionally in regards to the inheritance of the present.
From the overpowering mass of accessible records, a consultant crew has been selected the following. one of the twenty-nine incorporated are: Hamilton's Report on Manufactures, which helped set the yankee angle on financial development; Andrew Jackson's veto message at the invoice to resume the constitution of the financial institution of the us; the 1st annual document of the Interstate trade fee, which positioned the railroads lower than federal legislation; William Jennings Bryan's well-known pass of Gold speech, which helped him win the Democratic nomination in 1896; the conclusions of the Pujo Committee's record at the cash industry, which have been instrumental in developing the Federal Reserve method; and key files at the nationwide restoration management, considered one of Franklin D. Roosevelt's significant strikes in his struggle opposed to the depression.
In his introductory essay, the editor summarizes the forces and hobbies that helped to make American monetary coverage "exceedingly stressed and hence very tense to historians and economists," yet, he insists, this very confusion decreased "the extremism and affliction possibly so nice within the usa . . . to notable moderation."
From a communications standpoint, executing an instrument approach to an airport that is not served by an ATC tower requires more attention and care than making a visual approach to that airport. Pilots are expected to self-announce their arrival into the vicinity of the airport no later than 10 NM from the field. Depending on the weather, as well as the amount and type of conflicting traffic that exists in the area, an approach to an airport without an operating ATC tower will increase the difficulty of the transition to visual flight. In many cases, a flight arriving via an instrument approach will need to mix in with visual flight rules (VFR) traffic operating in the vicinity of the field. For this reason, many companies require that flight crews make contact with the arrival airport CTAF or company operations personnel via a secondary radio over 25 NM from the field in order to receive traffic advisories. In addition, pilots should attempt to listen to the CTAF well in advance of their arrival in order to determine the VFR traffic situation.
Since separation cannot be provided by ATC between IFR and VFR traffic when operating in areas where there is no radar coverage, pilots are expected to make radio announcements on the CTAF. These announcements allow other aircraft operating in the vicinity to plan their departures and arrivals with a minimum of conflicts. In addition, it is very important for crews to maintain a listening watch on the CTAF to increase their awareness of the current traffic situation. Flights inbound on an instrument approach to a field without a control tower should make several self-announced radio calls during the approach:
Initial call within 5-10 minutes of the aircraft’s arrival at the IAF. This call should give the aircraft’s location as well as the crew’s approach intentions.
When operating on an IFR flight plan at an airport without a functioning control tower, pilots must initiate cancellation of the IFR flight plan with ATC or an AFSS. Remote communications outlets (RCOs) or ground communications outlets (GCOs), if available, can be used to contact an ARTCC or an AFSS after landing. If a frequency is not available on the ground, the pilot has the option to cancel IFR while in flight if VFR conditions can be maintained while in contact with ARTCC, as long as those conditions can be maintained until landing. Additionally, pilots can relay a message through another aircraft or contact flight service via telephone.
What's the difference between a used vehicle and an approved certified pre-owned inventory Land Rover? We can name at least 165. Each vehicle must undergo a robust 165-point inspection and safety check to ensure every one is as good as new and up for any journey that comes its way. Plus, with 24/7 roadside assistance and an up to 7-year/100,000-mile limited warranty, you'll be covered down the road, too.
Whichever occurs first after sale of new vehicle, as reported to Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC. Select vehicles may have the option for different warranty terms. See your authorized Land Rover Retailer for complete terms and conditions of the limited warranty and service coverage.
Extracting, rising and adorning company tasks right into a transformation of talents inside an lively mode of operation in work-life
Globalizing Responsibility: The Political Rationalities of by Clive Barnett,Paul Cloke,Nick Clarke,Alice Malpass PDF
Welcome to Gor, a parallel Earth the place social norms are unique and how of lifestyles is brutal. during this quantity of the Gorean Saga, the lethal murderer Kuurus is rationale on a bloody venture of vengeance. His event takes him from the caste of the pleasure-slaves, who're carefully proficient within the ideas and strategies of sexual ecstasy, to the brutal arenas the place people perform lethal hand-to-hand strive against. He witnesses violence, clash, and uncertainty, because the population of Counter Earth are compelled to confront their destinies . . . irrespective of how exalted or debased.
Rediscover this brilliantly imagined global the place males are masters and girls reside to serve their each desire.
Assassin of Gor is the fifth publication within the Gorean Saga, yet you could get pleasure from examining the sequence in any order.
Regardless of the devastating lack of her mom as undefined, Liv Worthington has grown to turn into a profitable newspaper editor—living an ordinary workaholic lifestyles in ny urban. yet her safe and comfy life adjustments the day she meets Wes, a good-looking stranger who has been following her. this opportunity assembly with Wes turns Liv’s lifestyles the wrong way up and forces her grandmother to bare a long-held relatives secret—a mystery associated with her mother’s death—that can have much more dire outcomes.
. .. and hence mankind was once eventually profitable in destroying themselves. the area as we all know it truly is long past, and but mankind prospers. darkish Crossing to the Black Temple tells the story of 2 brothers entrusted with the duty of escorting a mysterious, catlike stranger to the legendary Black Temple on a planet in the course of civil conflict.
%William was once really perplexed. He moved in the direction of her. As he approached the window the place she was once status, the smell of clean blossoms in her hair stuffed the air. Helena had a typical good looks that hadn’t elderly with the years. existence were sturdy to them either. through the years, he desired to inform her such a lot of issues approximately his earlier, approximately his lifestyles within the Valley.
Synopsis:The everlasting lifestyles of the Universe rests on 3 orbs. One used to be stolen. And the opposite are at risk. The Orbs of energy have been created whilst the area used to be younger to maintain existence in all production; every one includes the forces in the Maker’s innate self: Omnipresence, Omniscience, and Omnipotence.
RatherGet is an unbiased ranking of products, assembled by decisions made by thousands of people. Learn more »
Final Result: Nokia Lumia 925 is the best of these 2, according to 1 person, who made 1 decision between these:
Get exclusive access to our weekly promotions, deals, and specials. Our member's enjoy tons of fun perks ;)!
My skills and experience cover many areas of make-up and hair styling, including commercials, TV, fashion, short films and beauty. I love what I do and I approach every project with passion and professionalism.